west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee hit out at the bjp-led central government on friday for pursuing a political agenda and accused it of placing misleading reports in parliament on the issue of madrasas being used for radicalisation and recruitment activities in two districts of the state.
instead of the report given by the state on the matter, the centre placed a report of its own in parliament, the chief minister said.
when specific questions are asked in parliament, the centre seeks a reply from the state government on those issues.
on june 28, we were asked whether the students in the madrasas in the bordering districts were being radicalised.
we gave a reply that such a question did not arise.
but they (centre) did not place our report (in parliament), rather gave a reply of their own, the trinamool congress (tmc) chief said in the assembly.
she also placed the report on the madrasas of the state in the house.
anti-socials are anti-socials, they should not be related with any religion.
a thief is a thief.
if an incident happens, the government will take action.
the bjp is trying to politicise everything.
they are sending letters of (central) agencies to every department.
the centre had conveyed its concern to the west bengal government over the recent political violence in the state, union minister of state for home g kishan reddy said on tuesday.
he had added that information was received about a number of incidents of violence before, during and after the general election, resulting in deaths and injuries to several people, including political workers, in west bengal.
concern on the issue was shared by the government with the state government and an advisory was issued on june 9, 2019 asking the state government to maintain law and order, peace and public tranquillity in the state, he had said replying to a written question in parliament.
the union minister had also said there were inputs regarding the jamaat-ul-mujahideen bangladesh using certain madrasas in burdwan and murshidabad districts of the state for radicalisation and recruitment activities.
indiaupdated: aug 30, 2019 15:12 isttill dipendu dutta (50) landed in police net on thursday afternoon, many people in bengals jalpaiguri district were pretty much convinced that he was a close aide of chief minister mamatabanerjee and his son was working for election strategist prashant kishor who has been hired by the trinamool congress chief.
acting on complaints lodged by many people, including two tmc leaders, the district police tracked down dutta and arrested him in siliguri.
he is a resident of the pabitra para area in jalpaiguri town about 600 km away from kolkata.
biswasroy sarkar, inspector-in-charge of jalpaiguri kotwali police station, said, dutta has allegedly cheated many people in the last two years.
we have received written complaints against him.
according to the complaints, dutta used to flaunt his close relation with the chief minister and extract money from his victims, who include senior tmc leaders in siliguri, nantu paul and madan bhattacharya.
the list of his victims is quite long, police officers said.
dutta also took money claiming that his son was working for kishor.
in exchange, he used to promise all kinds of favours.
dutta used to visit my siliguri home and claim that he shared good rapport with the chief minister.
he promised to help me install an elevator in my house, said paul, who himself is the councillor of ward 12 in siliguri municipal corporation and considered an influential leader.
i gave him rs 3000 three months ago but got suspicious when he started calling me almost every day, said paul.
also read: mamatabanerjee brings up cut money again, asks villagers not to pay for govt schemesmadan bhattacharya, a tmc darjeeling district committee member, has a different story to tell.
dutta used to come to me with his son.
he used to seek financial help saying that his son is suffering from blood cancer, said bhattacharya.
dutta and his son used to click selfies with political leaders and post those on facebook to influence people, said bhattacharya.
police are verifying these charges.
abhishek modi, superintendent of police, jalpaiguri, said, we are conducting an enquiry.
bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on wednesday dismissed as a regular affair a rs 11-lakh bounty on her head by a bjp youth wing leader and vowed to spread the trinamool congresss reach to indias heartland.
her comments came shortly after the centre gave her a free hand to take legal action against yogesh varshney, a leader of the bharatiya janata yuva morcha, who offered the bounty over what he said was the bengal governments bias against ram navami and hanuman jayanti.
i am regularly targeted with offensive words.
from bengal to jharkhand to uttar pradesh.
.
.
we will spread out towards delhi.
the trinamool congress also sent out a series of tweets from mamatas rally.
i participate in durga puja.
i also participate in eid, i go to church.
who are you to stop me?
mamata was quoted as saying, in an apparent reference to the bjp youth leaders allegations.
you can abuse me as much as you want.
i pray to god to forgive them, they do not know what they are saying.
in kolkata, a muslim cleric known for announcing fatwas against political leaders including prime minister narendra modi and author salman rushdie, made a counter-offer of rs 22 lakh for the bjp youth wing leaders head.
mamata mamatabanerjee is our respected leader and i consider her as my sister.
.
.
it is expected that fascist rss-bjp will be speaking the language of hoodlums, nur-ur rehman barkati, imam of kolkatas tipu sultan shahi mosque and one of the most influential muslim clerics in the state, told hindustan times.
the issue was raised in both houses of parliament by trinamool congress members and all major political parties, including the congress, left, bahujan samaj party and the samajwadi party.
party rajya sabha member sukhendu shekhar roy highlighted the matter on the floor of the in the upper house, saying the bjp youth activist publicly described west bengal cm as a demon.
there were attempts on her life in the 90s.
later, she was beaten up and dragged by her hairs during various movements during the left front regime.
these people are misfits in politics and it seems they have opened a dictionary of bad words be it dilip ghosh (bengal bjp president) or this bjp leader from aligarh, partha chatterjee, secretary general of trinamool congress, said.
the bjp leader should be immediately arrested.
why is he roaming free after making such a statement?
minister of state for parliamentary affairs mukhtar abbas naqvi said: i strongly condemn such type of statements.
the state government is free to take appropriate legal action on this issue.
in the rajya sabha, deputy chairman pj kurien said the state government can register an fir and take action.
intellectuals in kolkata also expressed shock at the statement.
how can one say such things?
he should be immediately arrested.
in which country are we living?
one cannot say such things, noted writer nabanita deb sen said.
debesh chattopadhyay, theatre personality, said, it is time people should get together against such religious fundamentalism.
this is an attack against democracy.
west bengal  where mamatabanerjee returned to power with a thumping majority last year  has seen mounting clashes between state forces and right-wing elements, who say the trinamool congress is biased towards muslims and is anti-hindu.
the state sends 42 members to the lok sabha and is widely considered one of the toughest bastions for the bjp  which has won a string of assembly elections  to breach.
the bjp has rubbished a post-mortem report cited by the police which said that a party worked found hanging from a power pylon in balarampur in purulia district of west bengal saturday morning had committed suicide and has demanded a cbi probe.
the death of two bjp workers in purulia district of west bengal over the past three days also triggered mudslinging between saffron party and the ruling trinamool congress with the former threatening to move to the court demanding central bureau of investigation (cbi) into the matter.
the state government already ordered a criminal investigation department enquiry in the matter.
purulias new police superintendent, akash magharia said that the post-mortem report concluded that dulal committed suicide.
dulals body was traced on saturday hanging from a high-tension electrical post.
today we have received the report which states the reason of the death as suicide.
but further investigations are on, magharia said.
rubbishing magharias claims that the reason of dulals death was suicide, bjps state general secretary, sayantan basu said that the police are trying to shield the murderers associated with trinamool congress and hence they are bringing forward the suicide theory.
we have decided to move to the court and demand a cbi enquiry in the matter.
state governments order for cid enquiry is nothing but farce since cid will take the same line of shielding the ruling party, basu told media persons on sunday.
actress-turned-politician and bjp leader, locket chatterjee said that provocative statements by trinamool mp and chief minister, mamatabanerjee banerjees nephew, abhishek mamatabanerjee to ensure a zero- opposition panchayat at purulia was responsible for the two consecutive murders of bjp workers.
in my opinion, abhishek mamatabanerjee should be arrested for making such provocative statements, she said.
however, trinamools purulia district president and state minister for self help group and self employment, shantiram mahato claimed that doing politics of murder and violence is not the culture of trinamool.
chief minister has already ordered a cid enquiry and the deaths will be probed extensively.
the post mortem report suggests dulals death as suicide.
it is bjp which is doing dirty politics over deaths, mahato said.
earlier on may 30, the body of another bjp worker, trilochan mahato, 18, was found hanging from a tree at balarampur.
a note, punishment for being with bjp, was written on mahatos t- shirt.
a 12- hour strike called by the bjp in purulia was total at balarampur.
response was mixed in other parts of the district.
in the recently concluded three- tier panchayat polls in bengal, bjp candidates won in several gram panchayat and panchayat samiti seats in purulia.
the killing of two bjp workers is a result of the fear of trinamool congress because of our good results in the district in the panchayat polls, said bjp state president, dilip ghosh.
actor-politician shatrughan sinha, who has announced that he is quitting the bjp, on sunday said he decided to go with the congress as it was a national party in the true sense and family friend lalu prasad also advised him to do so.
he said leaders such as trinamool chief mamatabanerjee , samajwadi party supremo akhilesh yadav and aam aadmi party (aap) national convener arvind kejriwal, among others, wanted him to join their respective parties, but he had made it clear that whatever be the situation, the constituency he would be contesting in the lok sabha polls would be patna sahib.
the actor-turned-politician, who has been criticising the modi government for long, said it was painful for him to leave the bjp with which he has had such a long association, but was disturbed at the treatment meted out by the party to stalwarts such as l k advani, murli manohar joshi, arun shourie and yashwant sinha.
the bjp has not fielded party veterans advani and joshi in the lok sabha polls.
in an exclusive interview to pti, sinha said he had won from patna sahib in 2014 on his own merit, without support from the party and feels that this time he could break his previous records in terms of victory.
he slammed the bjps leadership of prime minister narendra modi and party chief amit shah saying earlier there was lokshahi (democracy) and now there is tanashahi (dictatorship) in the party.
there used to be collective decision during atal (bihari vajpayee) jis time.
there was democracy in the true sense.
but now, there is the case of one-man show and two-man army, said the 73-year-old leader, who is in muscat where he is being honoured as a cinematic legend.
asked why he decided to go with the congress, sinha said there were several reasons such as it is the grand old party which has had great leaders like mahatma gandhi, vallabhbhai patel, jawaharlal nehru, and those of the nehru-gandhi family.
the party also has a great contribution in the countrys freedom movement, the sitting mp from patna sahib said, adding another reason was that it is a national party in the true sense.
our family friend (rjd chief) lalu prasad also suggested you go there (to the congress).
we are there with you and will be together politically also.
it was done with his (lalu prasads) permission and in agreement with him, said sinha, who won the patna sahib seat back to back in 2009 and 2014 parliamentary polls.
he said an important factor is that the patna sahib seat has gone to the congress quota in the mahagathbandhan (grand alliance) seat sharing and he had said that whatever be the situation, the constituency for him fighting the polls would be the same.
many people like (tmc chief) mamatabanerjee , (sp president) akhilesh yadav, and (delhi chief minister) arvind kejriwal among others, wanted me to be in their party.
but i had to come to this place because i had said that whatever be the situation, the location will be the same, sinha said, adding that the congress was a great party.
on claims by bjp leaders that he got votes in patna due to the party, the former union minister said, i would like to say that in the last election it was not just modi leher (wave) but modi qahar (destruction) on certain seats like we saw shahnawaz hussain losing from bhagalpur.
arun jaitley had a humiliating defeat.
sinha said he purposely did not call top bjp leaders such as friend, philosopher, guide advani, joshi, yashwant sinha, sushma swaraj, rajnath singh in the 2014 polls for campaigning.
i did not even call my own daughter sonakshi sinha so that people dont get to say things.
i won on merit, on principles, without anybodys support or help.
they (the bjp) did not give me the help they were giving to other candidates, they did not give me any help, he alleged.
despite the modi leher or qahar in the entire country, by the grace of the people of patna, in my victory, i had the highest vote share percentage in the country, sinha said.
asked how he sees the impending clash with senior bjp leader ravi shankar prasad on the patna sahib seat, sinha said the union minister is like a family friend and he has respect for him.
asserting that he doesnt want to comment on personalities as he has only spoken about issues, sinha said, for ravi shankar prasad i can only convey my best wishes.
after all, the people of patna will decide.
we will accept the verdict.
i have a feeling that by the grace of god and with great support from the people, i could be breaking my previous records also in terms of victory.
he also hailed rahul gandhis leadership qualities, saying the congress president is a man to be watched for his vision and dynamism.
the way he has taken up issues boldly, he has proved himself and in one year as as congress president he has won three states despite evms and many hurdles.
he is the originator of the most popular slogan -- chowkidar chor hai, sinha said.
on whether gandhi could be the next prime minister, sinha said it all depends on the blessings of the people the number of seats congress gets.
rahul gandhi has all the capabilities, he added.
sinha alleged that the bjp had been threatening him for long that it will take action against him.
i kept on reminding them that every action has an equal and opposite reaction.
they have taken so-called action (of not giving ticket), so it is high time for an appropriate reaction, sinha said.
sinha met rahul gandhi here last week and is set to join the congress on april 6.
west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee directed agitating doctors in the state to resume work by 2pm on thursday and threatened to take action if orders are not followed.
the bengal cm faced protests by junior doctors who shouted we want justice when she visited sskm hospital in kolkata on thursday.
at the spot, mamatabanerjee expressed anger at the stir, and gave the doctors a deadline to resume duty.
the government will not take any responsibility of those who would not do so (join duty).
they will also have to vacate the hostels (if they dont join work), said the chief minister, though she did not detail the punitive action.
the state spends rs 25 lakh on each doctor and then they shirk work.
this wont be tolerated.
are they doctors!
she said.
medicare services across west bengal remained disrupted for the third day on thursday as junior doctors in government and private hospitals continued their strike demanding fool-proof security after an assault on them by a mob after the death of a patient here.
the incident of assault took place at a state-run medical college and hospital on monday night, leaving an intern seriously injured and the strike, which was initiated there, spread to medical institutions in the districts.
thousands of people seeking treatment -- patients and their relatives -- waited for hours in vain in front of state-run hospitals.
relatives of patients also blocked arterial a j c bose road in front of kolkatas nil ratan sarkar medical college and hospital (nrs) in the morning.
the blockade was lifted only after police intervention.
in a few hospitals such as sskm hospital in kolkata and burdwan medical college, senior doctors provided services in outpatients department and emergency though junior doctors stayed away everywhere.
indiaupdated: aug 07, 2019 02:26 istthe lok sabha on tuesday effectively revoked article 370, ending the special status of jammu and kashmir, and passed a bill bifurcating it into two union territories  j&k and ladakh  in decisions that seek to assert the supremacy of the indian constitution over the frontier state and effectively rewrite a chapter in its turbulent post-independence history.
article 370 was nullified through a resolution with 351 members voting in support and 72 against, with one abstaining, after a debate that exposed deep divisions within the opposition, including the congress.
the bill to create two uts, redrawing the map of the state, was passed by the house with 370 votes in favour and 70 against.
only the presidents signature is now required.
the bill and the resolution were cleared by the rajya sabha on monday.
parliament adjourned sine die (indefinitely) after the passage, ending an extended budget session that speaker om birla said was the most productive since 1952, with 37 sittings spread over 280 hours during which 36 bills were passed.
in the course of tuesdays debate, home minister amit shah, who piloted the moves, ruled out a dialogue with kashmiri separatists.
parliamentary passage for the effective removal of the article means the narendra modi government has succeeded in implementing a pivotal electoral promise within less than three months of returning to power.
approval by lok sabha, where the ruling bharatiya janata party (bjp)-led national democratic alliance (nda) has a commanding majority with 353 of the 543 seats, was a foregone conclusion.
the resolution and bill sailed through the house in the face of a divided opposition that had been caught by surprise on monday.
many opposition mps crossed established party lines and backed the move.
homer minister amit shah asserted during the debate that all of jammu and kashmir, including pakistan-occupied kashmir and aksai chin, were an inseparable part of india and that we will die for kashmir.
shah described article 370 as a provision that had created a barrier between kashmir and the rest of the country.
this is why everyone keeps on repeating that kashmir is an integral part of india why dont we say that for tamil nadu or uttar pradesh.
.
.
.
because article 370 created suspicions, said shah.
shah said the only purpose that article 370 served was to keep out of j&k 106 laws enacted by parliament for the benefit of people -- laws such as the one that empowers agencies to investigate corruption, guarantee the right to education to children, the one that bans the marriage of children or requires the government to take steps for the protection of the disabled.
turning to the people of kashmir, the home minister asserted the government had firmly shut the doors on the possibility of talks with the separatist hurriyat conference.
but people of the valley are our own.
we will embrace them and keep them with love.
if they have any doubts about this, we are ready to discuss with them, shah said.
shah also said the government was open to revisiting the union territory status for jammu and kashmir and restore statehood once normalcy returns.
to a demand by an opposition member to spell out a timeline, the home minister reminded the house that former prime minister jawaharlal nehru had promised that article 370 was only being added as a temporary measure.
it has taken 70 years to remove the provision, shah said, adding that the nda surely did not have that kind of timeline in mind.
during the debate, congresss lok sabha leader adhir ranjan chowdhary kicked up a controversy by seeking to know from the government whether the j&k issue was an internal or a bilateral matter, saying the united nations was monitoring the situation there since 1948.
the remark drew sharp reactions from the treasury benches, with shah asking whether this was the official stand of the congress.
the congress also fielded its senior leaders p chidambaram and ghulam nabi azad in the debate.
chidambaram called it a black day in the constitutional history of india, and azad said the bjp was revoking article 370 for votes and was playing with the unity and integrity of jammu and kashmir.
the congresss manish tewari also spoke on the subject.
when shah countered tewari by asking him to clarify his partys stand on the issue and make it clear whether it supported the abrogation of article 370, tewari replied: angreezi ki ek kitaab hai.
.
.
har cheez kaali ya safed nahi hoti.
[there is a book in english.
.
.
everything is not black or white].
there are 50 shades of grey in between.
congress leader rahul gandhi took to twitter to criticise the move.
national integration isnt furthered by unilaterally tearing apart j&k, imprisoning elected representatives and violating our constitution.
this nation is made by its people, not plots of land.
this abuse of executive power has grave implications for our national security, gandhi tweeted.
yet, a number of congress leaders expressed support for the bill, including janardan dwivedi, deepender hooda and jyotiraditya scindia, who questioning the procedure of its passage.
later, the congress working committee, the partys top-most decision-making body, issued a strongly worded statement saying it deplored the unilateral, brazen and totally undemocratic manner in which article 370 of the constitution was abrogated.
what the bjp government accomplished yesterday in the rajya sabha and today in the lok sabha has grave implications going well beyond j&k and calls into question the very idea of india being a union of states, the statement said, also adding that the congress firmly asserted that all issues pertaining to j&k are internal matters of india.
in a statement, trinamool congress leader mamatabanerjee made it clear that the party could not support or vote for the bill moved by the nda government that was being pushed through parliament without taking the principal stakeholders into confidence.
but sukhendu sekhar ray, a senior lawmaker from mamatabanerjee banerjees party trinamool congress, appeared to join the growing list of opposition leaders who backed the nda governments move to strip jammu and kashmir of its special status, going against their partys stand.
decades old comedy of errors are being rectified now, ray, who is also the trinamool congresss chief whip, tweeted after the rajya sabha had on monday passed the bill and resolution.
when hindustan times reached out to ray, the senior trinamool congress mp declined to clarify on his tweet vis--vis the party line.
i have tweeted what i have.
my tweet doesnt need any clarification.
you may interpret as you wish, he said.
bjp boss amit shahs grand roadshow in kolkata designed to message the partys expanding support base in bengal got underway on tuesday evening.
shah, whose party had made the roadshow a prestige battle with the state administration earlier, stood atop a decorated truck along with his partys two candidates as the roadshow marched through the heart of kolkata amid dhols, dhakis and dancers.
the roadshow started at around 4.
30 pm from esplande area in central kolkata to swami vivekanandas house in north kolkata.
ahead of shahs vehicle were scores of party workers, dancing and singing.
there were also some tableaux highlighting the culture of various parts of the state.
and then, one which featured people dressed as lord ram and lord hanuman.
party workers and supporters who accompanied shah on the show of strength raised slogans hailing not just the party boss amit shah and pm narendra modi but also chanted jai shri ram, the slogan that the bjp has used to target mamatabanerjee over the last few days.
also read:im chanting jai shri ram arrest me: amit shah dares mamatabanerjee banerjeejust yesterday, amit shah had dared chief minister mamatabanerjee to arrest him for chanting jai shri ram and warned her that she could not really stop the bjps victory march in the state.
mamata didi gets angry if someone chants jai shri ram.
i am chanting jai shri ram here today, if you (mamata) have the guts, arrest me.
i will be in kolkata tomorrow, he said on monday.
the row over chanting jai shri ram owes its origin to a widely-circulated video on social media that shows mamatabanerjee stopping her car at a place in west midnapore district and chasing some persons who chanted jai shri ram as her carcade was passing the area.
in her explanation that came later, mamatabanerjee contended that jai shri ram had nothing to do with religion as the bjp was attempting to project but was a slogan of the bjp.
in the seventh and last phase of election on may 19, polling will be held in nine parliamentary constituencies in west bengal.
the bitterly contested lok sabha elections in west bengal have been ravaged by violence the likes of which has not been seen anywhere else in the country.
it is no surprise.
violence runs in the veins of bengals politics, and it sees an unseemly spike whenever a settled political regime is put under pressure by a resurgent opposition.
what we are seeing now is the result of rivalry between the ruling trinamool congress and the aspiring bharatiya janata party (bjp), which, keen to make inroads into the eastern state, has, over the past few years, bolstered its planning, network and presence on the ground.
it was ever thus.
when tmc chief mamatabanerjee made her bid to topple the incumbent left front government, similar scenes of violence played out in the state.
ms mamatabanerjee was then in the ascendant, the ruling left was unyielding and unforgiving, and violence spawned more violence.
brutality is ingrained in the nature of bengals politics.
it has been a constant feature in the state since its origins in the mass struggles of the 1960s and 1970s, during which time the concept of gherao as a form of protest emerged.
the communists in bengal were cadre based.
its cadre gave the cpi(m) its organisation, its reach, its clout, and, ultimately, its massive mandate and power.
when ms mamatabanerjee came to power in the 2011 assembly elections, ending 34 years of left rule, her success was predicated on winning a large number of cadre over to her side.
now, as the bjp mounts a challenge to ms banerjees rule, it has weaned away a number of those cadre.
it is not shyin g away, as the trinamool did not when it challenged the left, from a fight.
the bloodshed in bengal, therefore, shows that the bjps efforts to build its base in the state, which sends 42 mps to the lok sabha, has paid off.
the tmc is fighting for its political space with the bjp.
the ruling party seems to believe that it can ward off the challenge from the bjp through sheer violence, a tactic that seems to be failing as this has given the bjp ammunition.
the bjp won only two seats in the state in the 2014 general elections.
today, as the left has become irrelevant and the congress been marginalised, the bjp has emerged as the undisputed second political force in the state.
it is the tmcs principal challenger.
and ms mamatabanerjee and her party know it.
whichever way this election goes, the violence ingrained in bengals politics is not likely to go away, especially in the run up to the assembly polls of 2021.
.
one of the biggest tests of a democracy is whether it can ensure a peaceful transfer of power.
after all, what is the point of a democratic mandate if it invites vendetta?
if there is one state in india which has historically violated this principle, it is west bengal.
violence of the worst form, including extermination of political opponents, has often been employed by parties, especially the one in power, as a political tactic.
the magnitude of this problem increases when there is a political churn in the state.
the bharatiya janata party (bjp) has won 18 lok sabha seats and more than 40  of the vote share in west bengal.
this has come as a jolt to the ruling trinamool congress (tmc).
as a result, political violence has engulfed the state.
while it is the bjp which allegedly has lost more workers, the tmc cadres have also been killed.
the point is no one can claim a moral high ground vis-a-vis the mess that has been created.
what is to be done?
the state government and the ruling party need to get their house in order.
as law and order is a state subject, there cannot be any excuses for what is happening in west bengal right now.
victims of violence and their kin have often argued that the police have not done its duty to protect them from being attacked.
any officers found to be failing in their duty should be given exemplary punishment and made an example of.
if there is no improvement on this front, the judiciary should step in and take charge by appointing a commission to probe the political violence.
having said this, it needs to be underlined that the problem in west bengal is not an administrative one alone.
unless the political leadership of both ruling and opposition parties are willing to shun violence as a political tool, things will not improve.
the bjp has inducted many of former tmc leaders both before and after the lok sabha polls.
the same thing happened when the tmc wrested power from the left earlier this decade.
when political change is about old actors changing camps rather than new actors replacing the old, existing vices are likely to remain.
can the bjp use its freshly earned political capital in west bengal to appeal for peace rather than pushing for immediate consolidation?
can tmc chief and chief minister, mamatabanerjee , accept the reverses as a political mandate rather than peddle conspiracy theories?
west bengals harmony is contingent on these two questions.
the congress-led opposition parties decided on friday to form a panel to pick their presidential candidate but insisted that they will first wait for the government to propose the name of a suitable and consensus candidate.
at a luncheon hosted by congress chief sonia gandhi, leaders of 17 parties including some traditional arch-rivals  samajwadi party and bahujan samaj party in uttar pradesh and trinamool congress and left in west bengal  broke bread while attacking the nda governments policies.
while bihar chief minister nitish kumar skipped the meeting, his janata dal (united) was represented by sharad yadav and kc tyagi.
in a joint statement, the parties later said, if acceptable, consensual candidates do not emerge, then we shall decide to field such persons who shall steadfastly defend the constitutional values of our republic.
former prime minister manmohan singh, congress president sonia gandhi, party vice-president rahul gandhi and former jammu and kashmir cm and national conference president omar abdullah after a meeting to discuss the strategy for the upcoming presidential election.
(pti)cpi(m) general secretary sitaram yechury and west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee described the ideal candidate as someone with secular and democratic values who knows the constitution.
the meeting also discussed kashmir and saharanpur.
congress vice-president rahul gandhi was present.
the panel, suggested first by ncp chief sharad pawar at the meeting, will consist of at least seven members.
the opposition, with 4.
02 lakh votes, has geared up for a fight though it is all set to lose as the nda is way ahead with 5.
37 lakh votes.
some opposition parties are looking at the possibility of a grand alliance against pm narendra modi in the next lok sabha elections.
rjd chief lalu prasad said opposition could defeat the bjp in 2019 if there is a grand alliance at the national level.
questions were, however, raised why arvind kejriwals aap and naveen patnaiks bjd were not invited.
kejriwal had assured mamatabanerjee that he will support an opposition candidate.
at the meeting, the congress president opened the floor for discussions but insisted that no name will be discussed.
she sought opinion on how to take things forward.
bsp chief mayawati assured the meeting that she will be a part of any broad-based grouping to take on the bjp.
bharatiya janata party (bjp) made deep inroads in west bengal, increasing its vote share by more than 20 percentage points from 17.
02  in 2014 to about 39  (till 1 pm) and was leading in 16 of bengals 42 seats against their 2014 tally of only two seats.
though ruling trinamool congress (tmc) increased its vote share by about 5 percentage points to about 45  (till 1 pm) from 39.
79  (in 2014), the party was leading in 25 seats against their tally of 34 five years ago.
congratulations to the winners.
but all losers are not losers.
we have to do a complete review and then we will share our views with you all.
let the counting process be completed fully and the vvpats matched, tweeted mamatabanerjee banerjee.
a significant development in bengal was the reduction of the left and the congress into fringe forces.
while the left managed a vote share of a shade below 7 , the congress dipped to below 6 .
follow lok sabha elections results 2019 live updates herebjp has succeeded in consolidating the groundswell of sentiments against the tmc in its favour.
the bjp and tmc will be only significant political forces in bengal for the time being, said psephologist biswanath chakraborty, a professor of political science at rabindra bharati university.
the same trend was seen in the assembly by-elections in eight seats.
at 1 pm, bjp was leading in four, tmc in three and the congress was marginally above tmc in one.
bengal congress heavyweight adhir ranjan chowdhury managed to take a comfortable lead to move towards a fifth term in the lok sabha.
the biggest casualty in this election was the left parties, the voteshare of which was as much as 29.
95  in 2014.
left voters have consciously voted for bjp because they knew only a modi regime at the centre could end tmcs fascist rule in bengal, said bjp rajya sabha mp roopa ganguly.
the end of mamatabanerjee regime is a matter of time now, she added.
political analysts said that the results could have serious implications on the states assembly elections due in 2021.
in 2009, the tmc got 19 seats and eventually came to sweep the left out of power in 2011.
among prominent leaders, both of the union ministers of state from bengal  bjps babul supriyo and s s ahluwalia were leading by comfortable margins.
tmcs abhishek mamatabanerjee , the nephew of chief minister mamatabanerjee , and tmcs leader in the outgoing lok sabha sudip mamatabanerjee were leading by comfortable margins, too.
on the other hand, senior tmc minister subrata mukherjee was trailing by more than 20,000 votes by 12 noon.
earlier, several bjp leaders, including prime minister narendra modi had repeatedly said that dozens of tmc leaders, including mlas and mps are in touch with bjp and are waiting for the results of the parliamentary elections to switch camp.
tmc in 2016 assembly elections won 211 seats of the 294 in the state but later got another 20 mlas from the left and the congress to switch over to it.
bjp won only three seats in the 2016 assembly elections.
tmc leaders were tightlipped.
a district unit president who refused to be identified said, dont ask me anything.
only mamatabanerjee can brief the press today.
i have no idea what may happen to my fate as a district president.
indiaupdated: sep 19, 2019 22:28 istthe enforcement directorate (ed) on thursday raided premises linked to trinamool congresss rajya sabha member kd singh in delhi and chandigarh in connection with a money laundering probe related to ponzi schemes and fraud in a house scheme, two officials familiar with the developments told ht.
interestingly, the ed raids on the tmc lawmaker came around the time when west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee was meeting home minister amit shah in delhi on thursday.
earlier, in january this year, the ed had attached assets worth over rs 239 crore belonging to a firm linked to singh.
it has been alleged that the ponzi case in which singhs firm is being probed is pegged around rs 1900 crore.
the eds probe against singh and a firm linked to him (ms alchemist infra realty limited) dates back to september, 2016 when it filed a criminal case under the pmla taking cognisance of a charge sheet filed against the company, its directors and others by market regulator sebi.
investigation revealed that the proceeds of crime generated by alchemist infra realty ltd were laundered through the web of companies.
investigations also revealed that the funds mobilised by the firm from various investors were never utilised for the purpose for which they were collected and the same were transferred to bank accounts of other group companies which were mainly paper companies from where they were systematically siphoned off by the accused and used to purchase properties at various locations in the country.
all such assets in punjab, haryana , shimla and bank accounts in hdfc bank worth rs 239.
39 crore identified during the course of investigations have been provisionally attached, the ed said in a statement in january this year.
it has been alleged by the probe agencies that the company launched an illegal collective investment scheme, also called a ponzi or chit fund scheme, and mobilised funds of about rs 1,916 crore from the public in the years preceding 2015.
the firm allegedly launched the scheme without the approval of the sebi and led to cheating of gullible investors.
in 2015, the firm had informed the sebi that it had refunded rs 1,077 crore after the market regulators investigation and had sought more time to restore the rest of the amount, which was turned down by the sebi.
subsequently, a chargesheet was filed by the sebi in march, 2016.
k d singh was questioned by cbi in narada sting probe.
just a day after west bengal chief minister, mamatabanerjee set up a self-regulatory body to check fat donations to and arbitrary fee hikes by private schools in the state, the authorities of different city-based educational institutions welcomed the move but was not sure of its efficacy.
while representatives of some schools welcomed the move as it paved the way for self regulation instead of a direct interference by the government, some felt that the measure can become successful if it is really able to rein in the arbitrary fixation of fee-structure by the authorities of different schools.
read: bengali will be compulsory in all west bengal schools: cm mamatabanerjee banerjeethe regulatory body was the highlight of an hour-long meeting of the chief minister with the authorities of the prominent private schools of the state.
mamata mamatabanerjee hauled up the representatives of a few schools and asked them why they were taking fat amounts to admit students and were raising the various fees arbitrarily.
krishna damani, a member of the trustee board of south point high school which is one of the largest in the world with about 13,500 students, told ht on thursday that the element of self-regulation is a better proposal than a government-appointed regulatory body.
this school will have representative on the body.
read: mamatabanerjee pulls up kolkata school for playing modis mann ki baat to studentsthe proposed body will have representatives both from the educational institutions and the state government.
the joint representation will be able to bring about the desired balancing act of ensuring the fund flow and avoid arbitrary hikes in different charges and fees.
had it been just a government-appointed body with only state representatives, the purpose would not have been served since the educational institutions have the practical experience, said damani.
however, the founder of young horizon school, sourav mukherjee, who is also a member of the proposed body was not willing to whole-heartedly welcome the decision until the effectiveness of the body is proved on the ground.
read: after kejriwal, mamatabanerjee slams private schools, sets up regulatory body to check donationsit is catch-22 situation.
it cannot be denied that some schools are charging exorbitant fees and accepting big amounts as donations.
there should be a balance.
let us see how far the proposed body achieves its desired objective.
the proper evaluation of the step can be done only after some time by watching the results, said mukherjee.
the principal of heritage school, seema sapru, who will also be a member on the committee, echoed damani.
this is a practical step.
through this body the interest of all stake holders, including the school authorities, students and parents will be served.
i wholeheartedly welcome the decision, she told ht.
read: mamatabanerjee pulls up private hospitals, to set up a health regulatory commissionincidentally, ananya maity of heritage school topped the isc results with a total score of 99.
50 .
she was from the humanities stream.
the regulatory body is a welcome move.
it should be able to rein in excessive fee hikes and donations, ranjan mitra, the principal of future foundation school remarked on wednesday itself.
wednesdays meeting with the school authorities was seen as a measure by the chief minister to rein in the institutions that have regularly been accused of taking fat donations from guardians to admit students and fleece guardians through steep hikes of fees.
guardians can approach the committee with their grievances against school authorities.
president of gorkha janmukti morcha (gjm), bimal gurung, has never been under so much pressure as he has been since thursday evening.
he is up against the full might of the state government with the chief minister accusing him of wanton violence.
recently, he also witnessed trinamool congress posting its first victory in the darjeeling hills in mirik municipality.
he has been pilloried by the opposition parties for his alleged love for power and for compromising with the demand of a separate state.
on friday, gurung spoke to ht.q. gjm seems to be on the backfoot after thursdays violence during which your supporters set fire to police vehicles and a government bus.
what do you have to say?
a.
gjm is not responsible for the violence.
the trouble was triggered by some trinamool congress supporters, who first threw stones at the peaceful gjm workers.
gjm was formed to fight for a separate state of gorkhaland, and i will rest only after our dream comes true.
the hill people have understood the policies of the state government and they want separation from west bengal.
the state government only wants to divide the hill people.
gjm supporters at darjeeling rail station on october 3, 2015.
(samir jana)q.
at a public meeting in mirik on june 5 the chief minister said that learning bengali will be optional in the hills.
why did you still continue your agitation?
a.
though she said so, we are still confused, and are not convinced.
but if she indeed meant what she said, she could have easily taken a cabinet resolution to that effect, which we demanded.
q.
the state government has already started special audit into the functioning of the gta.
are you prepared for the eventualities?
a.
i welcome the audit.
we did not indulge in any financial misconduct.
the state government should introspect and think about the saradha, narada and rose valley cases.
locals distributing food to tourists in darjeeling on friday morning.
(bikram sashanker)q.
state ministers have alleged that gta is mired in corruption?
a.
they have been saying so without any basis.
actually, it is the state government that has constantly interfered into the functioning of the gta that was formed through a tripartite agreement.
forming as many as 15 development boards and not transferring the departments, as per the gta accord, to the body are some of examples of how the state created roadblocks.
q.
chief minister mamatabanerjee has squarely blamed your party for thursdays trouble.
she has indicated stern action against those indulging in vandalism.
how would you escape?
a.
it is the chief minister who is actually fomenting trouble.
every time she comes to the hills she creates problems.
we have been restrained all along.
a soldier stands guard on a darjeeling street on friday.
during the day the armed forces dispatched four more columns to darjeeling, kalimpong and kurseong.
(bikram sashanker)q.
gtas tenure is coming to an end and the chief minister indicated that elections would be held soon.
are you prepared?
a.
the election is a non issue.
gjm is for creation of gorkhaland and we are concerned about our ultimate goal.
i am not attaching much importance to the election.
we might resign from gta anytime.
q.
does this mean you are not going to contest the gta election?
a.
bimal gurung was born to fight for gorkhaland and i will not ditch my people by compromising with something else.
if i do not spearhead the movement for gorkhaland, the hill people will not spare me.
i have been reiterating that gta is a temporary shelter for the gjm.
we always tried our best to run the gta in true spirit while working for our ultimate goal.
q.
have you discussed the situation in the hills with leaders of the bjp that is an ally of gjm?
a.
i have already briefed the union home minister and defense minister about the situation here.
q.
senior bjp leaders have not committed themselves to the cause of gorkhaland.
if the bjp does not back you, what will you do?
a.
it is a hypothetical question.
the time for that question has not arrived yet.
indiaupdated: sep 12, 2019 06:59 istunion minister for road transport and highways nitin gadkari on wednesday defended the recent increase in traffic fines, even as west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee joined gujarat in announcing that her government will not implement the revised penalties to save people from the additional burden.
chief minister of bharatiya janata party-ruled karnataka, bs yediyurappa, also indicated in bengaluru that his government may revise the penalties after getting the gujarat government order.
in maharashtra, which is ruled by a coalition of the bjp and shiv sena, state transport minister diwakar raote said the revised fines were not being implemented immediately as he had requested the centre to reconsider them.
gadkaris remarks came a day after gujarat said it was reducing fines on 17 traffic offences, becoming the first state to dilute the new penalties that have triggered calls by several states for a rollback of the amendment to the motor vehicles act.
also watch | i paid speeding fine: minister nitin gadkari on new motor vehicle act ruleson wednesday, the delhi government said it wanted to provide respite to people from steeply hiked penalties and will take a conscious decision on it.
transport minister kailash gahlot said the government was looking at how other states were moving on it.
asked about the moves by the states on the increased road fines, gadkari said: we havent done this [amendment] to augment revenue.
we have done this to save lives.
if state governments want to reduce it [fines], they are welcome to do so.
he said that the number of deaths caused by road accidents was the highest in india.
parliament passed amendments to the motor vehicles act in its previous session, raising penalties in some traffic offences by as much as tenfold.
the new penalties came into effect on september 1 but several governments, including delhi, are yet to notify the new rates.
first of all, the mv act comes under the concurrent list.
both state and central governments have a right to make laws on it.
as for the fines, there is a gap, like from ~10 to ~100.
so, the state government can take a decision in this regard.
it is not the governments intention to earn revenues through fines, the union minister said, adding that the centre had received a very positive response on the revision of fines.
in an interview to television news channel ndtv, however, the minister asked whether life wasnt more important than money for the states refusing to enforce the fines.
the transport ministry is considering seeking legal opinion on the states deciding to reduce the fines, a senior government official said on condition of anonymity.
delhi transport minister gahlot said on wednesday that out of 61 offences under the amended act, there are 27 on which state governments have no say.
however, in the case of remaining 34 offences, the state governments concerned can exercise their discretion, he added.
we are taking feedback from all stakeholders.
if need is felt that penalties should be reduced we will take a conscious call.
we want to give respite to the people, he said at a press conference.
the minister said various steps were also being taken to help vehicle owners in view of rush to get pollution under check (puc) certificates, adding that the daily rush at puc centres increased from an average of 15,000 to about 45,000 vehicles every day since september 1.
under the new law, driving without a puc certificate or with an expired puc certificate invites a penalty of ~10,000.
we have taken some measures to decongest these centres.
our bus depots and terminals will be open for public for puc checks from 11am to 7pm, he said.
the aam aadmi party government will open more puc centres for which it has invited new applications, an official said, asking not to be named.
we are not implementing the amended motor vehicles act right now because our government officials are of the opinion that if we implement it, then it will be a huge burden on the people.
it is very harsh, she said.
odisha, kerala, punjab, chhattisgarh, madhya pradesh, tamil nadu, rajasthan and telangana have also indicated that they will reduce the penalties, while some states such as uttarakhand and maharashtra are still scrutinising the new law.
assam and himachal pradesh have said that they will continue with the tougher fines.
karnataka chief minister yediyurappa, who represents the bharatiya janata party (bjp), said a cut in penalties in the state was imminent.
regarding the cut in the penalties for violation of traffic rules under motor vehicles act, we will get the orders of the gujarat government.
i have instructed our officials that we will follow that order here also.
mostly in about two-three days like in gujarat, here also we will try to cut the penalties that are high, yediyurappa said.
protesting the governments move to increase the fines, activists of the congresss youth wing staged a demonstration near gadkaris residence in the national capital.
indian youth congress (iyc) president srinivas bv said they tried to gift two old motorcycles and scooters to gadkari to make him realise how people were being forced to pay fines that were higher than the value of their old vehicles.
congress spokesperson abhishek singhvi said there were two parts in the mv act amendment.
one is a mandatory, non-derogable part.
the non-derogable part relates to drunk driving, you cannot change it by state level, it relates to some other serious offences, like i am running you over deliberately or grossly, negligently hitting you in the car.
i dont think those should be liable to alter at the state level.
the second part is things like slight over speeding or over packing your car or over loading your car etc.
that part is liable to be changed by states.
the state governments move to oppose the revised road penalties has drawn criticism from some road accident survivors and victims family members, who have called for rapid implementation of the amended law instead of succumbing to political and commercial pressure.
harry singh, a research scholar who was paralysed from waist down after a motorbike accident, said: i dont understand why state governments are not implementing this act.
why are people focusing on higher penalties?
is the life of a citizen not important?
he was speaking at an event organised in new delhi by road safety ngo savelife foundation.
indiaupdated: aug 22, 2019 16:38 istwest bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on thursday joined dmk chief mk stalin in extending her support to p chidambaram and criticising the way the former union minister was arrested late on wednesday.
mamata mamatabanerjee and mk stalin both questioned the manner in which the 73-year-old congress leader was arrested by officers of the central bureau of investigation (cbi) in a money laundering case related to inx media.
the senior congress leader was taken to cbi headquarters after the agencys officials scaled the boundary walls of his residence in new delhis jor bagh area on wednesday night to arrest him.
sometimes the process is incorrect.
i am not talking about the legality.
chidambaram is a senior politician and former finance and home minister of this country.
the way his matter has been handled is very depressing.
that is very sad and bad too, said mamatabanerjee banerjee.
watch: chidambaram arrest: politics peaks, congress alleges witch-huntwe are missing democracy in our country, she added.
i too saw how cbi jumped the wall and arrested him.
its a matter of shame for india.
it is a political vendetta.
chidambaram had asked for anticipatory bail but he was arrested, its condemnable, mk stalin said in chennai, according to news agency press trust of india.
on wednesday, the dmk chief had similarly accused the bjp-led central government of pursuing a political vendetta.
as regards this issue, i have clearly learnt that these (actions) are happening due to political vendetta, stalin, whose party has an alliance with congress in tamil nadu, had said while speaking to reporters at the dmk headquarters anna arivalayam.
the congress has defended chidambaram with rahul gandhi accusing the government of using probe agencies and the media to character assassinate the former finance minister.
on thursday, the congress continued to rally around its veteran leader and accused the government of using the two federal agencies  central bureau of investigation and the enforcement directorate  as personal revenge-seeking departments for parity in power.
the vindictive, selective and malicious manner in which former finance minister and home minister shri p chidambaram has been persecuted and prosecuted is nothing short of a brazen personal and political vendetta, congress spokesperson randeep surjewala said at a media briefing at the party headquarters.
the congress has gone on the offensive over the senior politicians arrest on the basis of what the opposition party described as the testimony of a woman accused of killing her daughter.
it was a reference to inx media co-founder indrani mukerjea who told the cbi last year that a deal of $1 million was struck between karti chidambaram, p chidambarams son, and the mukerjeas for getting approvals for foreign funding.
the inx media case relates to alleged irregularities in the foreign investment promotion board (fipb) clearance given to the media group for receiving foreign investment to the tune of rs 305 crore in 2007, when chidambaram was finance minister.
the cbi registered a first information report on may 15, 2017, alleging irregularities in the manner the clearance had been awarded and the ed filed a money laundering case a year later.
inx media co-founders peter mukerjea and his wife indrani mukerjea have been charged with entering into a criminal conspiracy with karti chidambaram to get foreign investment approvals and evade punitive measures for not having the necessary approvals from fipb.
samajwadi party president akhilesh yadav on saturday said he was willing to be a part of any national coalition against the bharatiya janata party (bjp).
the statement comes a day after bahujan samaj party (bsp) chief mayawati said she was open to alliance with any party.
yadav had also met west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee four days ago.
the sp will play an important role in the formation of such an alliance.
i have met all the party nominees who contested the up assembly elections.
my assessment is that the bjp managed to polarise voters on religious and caste lines and won the election by making false promises, he said.
akhilesh was talking to media persons at the launch of the partys three-month long membership drive at the sp headquarters in lucknow in which he, along with wife dimple yadav, took the membership of the party.
criticising the ruling bjp government in the state for indulging in politics in the name of religion, he said: perhaps, the bjp thinks i am not a hindu anymore.
the situation is such that i have to now tweet a photo every time i visit a temple.
yadav said he never believed in the politics of appeasement, caste of religion and added his wife also came from a different caste.
on the partys poor showing at the hustings, he said, some of our voters are still trying to figure out how the bjp won even though they voted for the sp.
it is for the election commission (ec) to explain complaints against faulty evms, he said.
reiterating the partys demand to go back to the old system of ballot papers, yadav said he was with all non-bjp parties which met the ec on the issue.
read more: why pm narendra modi would love to see a united opposition in 2019 | opinionpeople have lost trust in evms. even the ec has admitted that some machines were not properly calibrated and there was a fault in their software.
the commission should reveal the names of the companies that programmed and supplied evms, he said.
attacking the bjp government for its anti-romeo drive, yadav said innocent people were being beaten up and insulted by the squads.
romeo ke chakkar mein kitne pit rahe hain, kitne apmaanit ho rahein hain.
inko pata bhi hai romeo kaun tha?
(many people are getting beaten up and insulted by the anti-romeo squad.
do they (bjp) even know who romeo was?
), he asked.
on meat ban, the former cm dared the bjp to reveal the names of the owners of all big meat processing houses in the country.
they showed the pictures of only some muslim owners of slaughter houses, who had come to meet the cm.
let the bjp reveal the names of non-muslims in meat business, he said.
yadav accused the bjp of adopting double standards on the issue in goa, karnataka and other north-east states where there was no ban on meat.
the sp has 1.
44 lakh active members, whose three-year membership expires on june 30.
the party has now extended the membership tenure to five years and akhilesh, who took over as the national president on january 1 this year, said elections to the post of party chief would be held before september 2017.
the crisis that has paralysed darjeeling, one of the countrys most popular hill stations, seems to be the result of the gorkha janmukti morchas (gjm) apprehension of the mamatabanerjee government forcing bengali as a compulsory subject for school students in the hills.
the origin of the fear  which seems misplaced now  lies in the may 16 announcement by bengal education minister partha chatterjee that bengali should be a compulsory subject from class 1 to 10 in the state.
the statement was enough to provoke gjm, which rules the semi-autonomous gorkhaland territorial administration (gta), that interpreted it as an imposition.
nepali is the official language in the hills of bengal, recognised as an official language of bengal in 1961.
in 1992, nepali was recognised as one of the official languages of india.
bimal gurung, head of the gorkha janmukti morcha (gjm) party that seeks the creation of a separate state of gorkhaland, takes part in a news conference in darjeeling.
(afp photo)the people in mirik and other places would switch off their lights every day from 6 pm to 8 pm till june 8 as a mark of protest against the state governments decision to make bengali compulsory, binoy tamang, gjm assistant secretary, said on june 4.
the state government ignored the initial reactions of the gjm and chief minister mamatabanerjee said the morcha leaders were making an issue out of a non-issue.
gjm president bimal gurung led protest rallies in the hills between june 5 to 8, when the chief minister was present, to highlight their opposition to the states decision.
they demanded that there should be a cabinet resolution stating bengali will not be compulsory in darjeeling.
the government softened its tone after the gjm stepped up its protest.
after the cabinet meeting at raj bhavan in darjeeling on june 8, the chief minister clarified that bengali will be an optional subject in the hills.
but gurung and other gjm leaders refused to take the decision just on face value and decided to intensify agitations.
when the situation went totally out of control, the state administration sought army help.
peace came temporarily and on june 10, the chief minister repeated her announcement that bengali will be an optional subject.
but the gjm refused to relent, scaling up the agitation to the old demand for a separate gorkhaland state.
timeline of darjeeling crisis june 5 west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee reaches darjeeling for a 4-day trip.
at a public meeting in mirik, mamatabanerjee announces special audit of gorkhaland territorial administration (gta) to unearth financial irregularities that gorkha janmukti morcha (gjm) leaders allegedly indulged in.
gjm supporter arrested for showing black flag to cm.
june 8 gjm supporters organise agitation close to raj bhavan where mamatabanerjee is holding a cabinet meeting.
at press meet, cm clarifies bengali will not be compulsory for hill students.
in may, she had declared bengali as a mandatory subject for students till class 10 in schools across the state.
clashes erupt between police and gjm supportersbanerjee calls in the army as situation deteriorates.
bengal government withdraws security cover of gjm chief bimal gurung.
june 9 gjm youth wing calls 12-hour bandh in the hills.
june 10 in siliguri, mamatabanerjee hints at stern police action to deal with gjm.
enough is enough.
we cant compromise any longer with a party that uses bombs and guns, she says.
june 12 gjm supporters set fire to the block development office in bijanbari around midnight of june 11-12.
protesters set fire to pwd office and vandalise a state-run power utility office in darjeeling.
june 13 resolution to push for separate state of gorkhaland adopted at a meet by 4 political parties of the hills, the bjp and an apolitical body.
june 15 police raid gjm office in patlebas, about 5 km from darjeeling, seize weapons such as bows and arrows, axe, scythes and cashgjm retaliates by calling indefinite bandh.
agitators set fire to an outpost in kalimpongclashes erupt again between police and gjm supporters at patlebas.
police claim they were fired upon by gjm supporters.
june 20 date of the next all-party meetingon june 13, the statehood demand got a push after an all-party meeting attended by all hill-based political outfits and the bjp, where an unanimous resolution in favour of gorkhaland state was adopted.
the battle of attrition reached a flash point on thursday when the police raided the office of the gjm at darjeeling and seized weapons, cash and radio sets from there.
by the end of the day and beyond, different pockets in the hills turned into battlefields with violent clashes between police and gjm activists.
president pranab mukherjee probably gave enough hints on thursday that he may not be in the race for another term in rashtrapati bhavan.
i have exactly two months to go.
july 25, a new president will assume office.
i am sending back officials who have worked with me, back to their ministries and departments.
one has gone to the commerce ministry, two to the ministry of external affairs, he said.
the president was speaking at a farewell tea organised for the media by the presidents secretary omita paul for his press secretary venu rajamony, a career diplomat who has been appointed the ambassador to the netherlands.
rajamony will assume his new office in the hague early next month.
mukherjees remarks assume significance in the context of the ongoing hectic political activities centred around a candidate for the presidents election slated in july.
the congress-led opposition has given enough indications that it will not be averse to a second term for mukherjee if the government is acceptable to it.
but the ruling dispensation has not given any hints about who it has in mind for the top post.
congress president sonia gandhi is hosting a lunch for opposition leaders here on friday as part of efforts to arrive at a consensus over the opposition candidate.
trinamool congress, whose leader mamatabanerjee has also been invited for the lunch and has met gandhi recently, is known to be okay with another term for mukherjee.
in his remarks, mukherjee said after a hectic political life he had been wondering whether he would fit into the presidents post where the incumbent has to work under constitutional rules.
in her speech, paul described rajamony as an excellent communicator and complimented him for a good job of putting across the president and rashtrapati bhavan activities to the people through the media.
senior journalist sachidananda murthy praised rajamonys role in the rashtrapati bhavan, saying he broke new grounds.
rajamony had also contributed to making the rashtrapati bhavan library one of the best in the city.
indiaupdated: aug 20, 2019 21:16 istinduction of some tainted trinamool congress (tmc) leaders into the bharatiya janata partys (bjp) led to heated exchanges at the crucial brainstorming session of the saffron partys bengal unit held earlier this month.
the chintan baithak on august 10 and 11 was attended by office-bearers of the bjps state unit, central leaders and some recently elected lok sabha lawmakers in west burdwan districts durgapur city.
bjps national general secretary kailash vijayvargiya and national secretary (organisation) shiv prakash were among the central leaders who attended the session.
a sizeable section of those involved in expanding the bjp and its frontal organisations in the districts said that tmc leaders were being welcomed without any scrutiny which was damaging for a cadre-based party.
under pressure, the leadership decided to set up screening committees at state and district levels to monitor inductions in future.
also read: sovan chatterjees induction may boost bjps chances in kolkata civic pollstaking in tmc leaders at random is not only damaging the image of the bengal bjp but also hurting the organisation at a time when we have won 18 of the states 42 lok sabha seats.
if this trend continues, we will suffer in the assembly polls in 2021, a bjp leader, who attended the session, said on condition of anonymity.
the leader, who is a former pracharak of the rashtriya shayamsevak sangh (rss), the ideological parent of the bjp, said these issues will be discussed at its upcoming conference.
swastika, the rss mouthpiece in west bengal, carried two articles in june in which the issue was highlighted.
the chintan baithak also witnessed debates over the induction of tmc workers in several districts where they were involved in attacks on bjp workers.
the leaders also discussed how four civic bodies that the bjp managed to capture since the lok sabha polls because of defection by tmc councillors were lost after they returned to the ruling party.
the tmc is silently enjoying while we are becoming a laughing stock, another bjp leader, who is involved in expanding the party in one of the tribal belts, said on condition of anonymity.
among the tmc leaders mentioned at the bjp session was labhpur mla from birbhum district, manirul islam.
islam, along with former mla gadadhar hazra, had joined the bjp in the presence of vijayvargiya and national executive member mukul roy in new delhi on may 29.
also read: will win at least 200 seats: bengal bjp chiefthis happened a day after three bengal mlas, including roys son subhrangshu and some civic body councillors, joined the bjp.
vijayvargiya gave credit to roy for the exodus.
roy used to be the tmcs general secretary and a close aide of chief minister mamatabanerjee before switching over to the bjp.
islam is an accused in several criminal cases and attacks on bjp supporters.
in 2014, he said at a public meeting that he would crush the bjp under his feet.
his induction caused major grievance among bjp workers and leaders in kolkata and birbhum district.
addressing the session, roy said he did not want to hurt anybodys sentiment and would keep these issues in mind when tmc leaders approach him in future, the bjp leader mentioned above said.
incidentally, the articles in swastika raised critical questions about roys role.
while the chintan baithak was being held behind closed doors, the differences over induction took an ugly turn on the last day of the session when two groups of bjp workers clashed over unconfirmed reports that the son of a local tmc mla might join the opposition party.
the workers had assembled to attend a public rally.
the venue of the rally was ransacked and plastic chairs hired for the meeting were broken at random.
senior bjp leaders had to intervene to bring the situation under control.
roy was not available for comment.
last week, bjps state unit president dilip ghosh conceded that the party had to fish outside for experienced leaders to boost its strength.
we need experienced leaders in bengal.
to increase our strength in the state we have to get leaders from the parties we are fighting against.
but we will monitor their activities, ghosh had said at a press conference in kolkata on august 14.
defying warnings of punitive action by chief minister mamatabanerjee , the stir by junior doctors in west bengal continued for the fourth consecutive day on friday with hundreds of doctors in state-run hospitals writing to the authorities saying they would like to resign from their services.
between thursday and friday afternoon, as many as 642 doctors - professors, associate professors, assistant professors and medical officers - have written to the authorities.
follow live updates here:11:00 am ist bengal junior doctors seek unconditional apology from mamatabanerjee the junior doctors, who are protesting against the assault on two of their colleagues at nrs medical college and hospital, had on friday sought unconditional apology from mamatabanerjee and set six conditions for the state government in order to withdraw their stir, reports news agency pti.
10:36 am ist if condition worsens we will go on indefinite strike from june 17: junior doctors association president, aiims amrinder singh malhi, president, rda (resident doctors association), aiims: all resident doctors are back to work but we will continue with symbolic protest by wearing black badges, bandages and helmets.
if condition worsens we will go on indefinite strike from june 17.
amrinder singh malhi, president, rda (resident doctors' association), aiims: all resident doctors are back to work but we will continue with symbolic protest by wearing black badges, bandages&helmets.
if condition worsens we will go on indefinite strike from june 17.
pic.
twitter.com/noxcqpcssi  ani (@ani) june 15, 201910:24 am ist ima delegation meets harsh vardhan over ongoing strike delhi: indian medical association (ima) delegation meets union health minister dr harsh vardhan over the ongoing strike of doctors in west bengal.
delhi: indian medical association (ima) delegation meets union health minister dr harsh vardhan over the ongoing strike of doctors in west bengal.
pic.
twitter.com/0gdicadhqs  ani (@ani) june 15, 201910:23 am ist striking junior doctors say they wont attend meeting called by mamatabanerjee at state secretariat on saturday evening striking junior doctors say they wont attend meeting called by chief minister mamatabanerjee at state secretariat on saturday evening, news agency pti.
10:08 am ist calcutta high court seeks details of steps taken by govt on doctors strike a pil has been filed in calcutta high court by kunal saha of people for better treatment, seeking that the doctors strike in the state be declared illegal.
the hc has sought details of what steps had been taken by west bengal on attack on doctors and the doctors strike, by next friday.
next hearing to take place next week.
: ani9:47 am ist calcutta high court refuses to pass interim order on strike calcutta high court has refused to pass interim order on strike by junior doctors in state-run hospitals, and has asked west bengal government to persuade them to rejoin work, reported news agency pti.
9:12 am ist mamatabanerjee yesterday invited agitating doctors for meeting mamatabanerjee yesterday invited agitating doctors for meeting at state secretariat to resolve impasse, medicos refusd, reports news agency pti.
9:01 am ist at least 100 doctors in government hospitals in bengal want to resign as many as 100 doctors in state-run hospitals across west bengal have written to the authorities expressing their desire to resign from the services.
between thursday and friday afternoon as many as 92 doctors -- professors, associate professors, assistant professors and medical officers -- wrote to the authorities expressing their desire to step down.
its back to the basics for bengals left front and its principle component, the cpi(m).
nearly six years after trinamool congress chief mamatabanerjee threw them out of power by hijacking the land issue that has been integral to left politics, cpi(m) has decided to bank on land struggles to revive organisation at a time the party is fast losing its support base to trinamool congress and bjp.
not only has the left front extended its support to small land agitations that spontaneously broke out in different parts of the state over the past six months, but all india krishak sabha, the cpi(m)s peasant wing, has also called for a farmers rally to march to the state secretariat on may 22 to demand the government agrees to the agitators demand.
land struggle is central to left politics.
we have decided to organise land struggles all over the country against forceful acquisition of land and forced eviction.
we have also asked our organisers in west bengal to initiate land struggles and participate in the land agitations led by other left or democratic forces, hannan mollah, the general secretary all india krishak sabha, countrys largest farmers organisation, told ht.
more than two lakh farmers from different districts of the state are expected to participate in the march to nabanna, which is being co-organised by 10 other farmers organisations, mollah said.
the cpi(m) demands the provisions of the land acquisition act of 2013 has to be strictly adhered to.
read: the bhangar land row shows that mamatas land acquisition model has faileddespite the mamatabanerjee governments sensitivity to the land issue and the policy of zero land acquisition for private industrial projects, a number of land agitations have broken out in west bengal over the past six months and all of them are against central or state government projects.
these movements were primarily organised by small naxalite outfits and human rights organisations but the cpi(m) has rushed to express solidarity and lend support.
land struggle has been central to the lefts political programme and will always be.
the reason behind land agitations during mamatabanerjee regime is the policy vacuum on land acquisition, which has allowed land sharks a free hand, said cpi(m) mp and politburo member mohammad salim.
read: as left, congress rush to join land agitations in bengal, bjp stays awaythe movements include the one at bhangar in south 24-parganas district against the setting up of a power grid by the power grid corporation of india ltd, at goghat in hooghly district against the filling parts of a century-old 27-acre pond for a railway project and in north 24-parganas against the expansion of national highway.
small land agitations have also broken out at aushgram in burdwan and bolpur in birbhum district.
party workers will participate in land-related agitation, with the partys flag and without it.
striking junior doctors turned down chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjees invitation for a meeting at the state secretariat, which was called to resolved the impasse, and continued their protest for the fifth consecutive day on saturday.
the doctors, who are protesting against the assault on two of their colleagues at nrs medical college and hospital, had on friday sought unconditional apology from mamatabanerjee and set six conditions for the state government in order to withdraw their stir.
we are not going to the secretariat upon the invitation of the chief minister for the meeting.
she will have to come to the nil ratan sircar medical college and hospital and deliver an unconditional apology for her comments made during her visit to the sskm hospital on thursday, arindam dutta, spokesperson of the joint forum of junior doctors, told pti.
if she can go to the sskm she can also come to the nrs.
.
.
or else this agitation will go on, dutta said.
banerjee, who visited the state-run sskm hospital on thursday amid slogans of we want justice, had contended that outsiders were creating disturbances in the medical colleges and the ongoing agitation is a conspiracy by the cpi(m) and the bjp.
(this story has been published from a wire agency feed without modifications to the text.
only the headline has been changed.
for the first time since the bharatiya janata party (bjp) rattled the trinamool congress (tmc) in its own backyard in the general elections, chief minister mamatabanerjee on wednesday appealed to the left parties and the congress to come together in the fight against the bjp and save bengal.
congress and cpi(m) [communist party of india (marxist)] wont break the nation.
but i fear they (bjp) may change the constitution.
i feel all of us  tmc, congress and cpi (m)  should come together in the fight against the bjp.
it doesnt mean we have to join hands politically, but on common issues at the national level, we can come together, she added.
the bjp surprised poll pundits in the 2019 lok sabha elections, winning 18 of bengals 42 lok sabha seats and restricting the ruling tmc to only 22.
as the bjp crowed that the chief minister was scared she would not be able to stop its rapidly advancing strides in bengal by herself, the left parties and the congress accused her of helping the bjp find a foothold in the state.
cpm leader sujan chakraborty, the left leader in the house, trashed the proposal.
it is impossible to counter the bjp by joining hands with tmc, which is solely responsible for the bjps rise in bengal.
.
.
, he said.
pradesh congress president somen mitra said, she has created her frankenstein.
the genie is out of the bottle and she is desperate.
banerjee urged leader of opposition and senior congress leader abdul mannan to concentrate on fighting the bjp in the state.
mannan, however, said, we dont need lessons from mamatabanerjee on ways to fight the bjp.
it is due to her policies that the bjp has gained ground in bengal.
.
.
cpi(m) legislative party leader sujan chakraborty too echoed mannans views.
the 2019 lok sabha elections saw a polarisation that resulted in the left and the congress being pushed to irrelevance in bengal.
she is aiming at an anti-bjp polarisation in her favour and looking to wean the remaining vote share of the left and the congress, said maidul islam, political analyst and assistant professor of political science at the centre for studies in social sciences, kolkata.
the bjp claimed mamatabanerjee was nervous.
national executive member mukul roy, considered one of the architects of the bjps rise in bengal, said, her statement is an admission that tmc alone cannot take on the bjp.
her party is decaying and will weaken further.
it would not be wrong to say that mumbais art community gave a heros welcome to bengalurus visionary young art patron abhishek poddar and his ambitious soon-to-be-opened museum of art and photography (map), when he hosted a discussion and dinner at the trident last week.
to be located in the heart of bengaluru and set to open towards the end of 2020, the world-class, 44,000 square feet space will feature five galleries, an auditorium, a classroom, a research library and climate-controlled storage amongst other things.
those present included citi banks pramit jhaveri with wife mukeeta (who moderated a discussion on how private collections can become more public and who is said to have contributed greatly to building the banks collection), mphasis founder jerry with wife neelambari rao (who have recently donated their substantial art collection to map), artist couples atul and anju dodiya, and jitish and reena kallat, media maven alex kuruvilla with wife namita, aesthete devaunshi mehta and author sudha shah.
one of the highlights of the evening was jerry raos speech, in which he emphasised how it was futile to grumble and expect the government to step in and promote the arts.
the other, of course, was poddars own delivery, in which the man, who in one lifetime has built up one of the worlds most dazzling collections (7,000 pieces of which have been donated to map) and is on the verge of creating its most ambitious and exciting art spaces, admitted to having started out the journey as an errant doon school boy with no knowledge of the subject and who only saw it as a means to escape class!
storm in a tea cupmoonmoon sen ( file photo )the subject of tea is a fascinating one.
wars have been fought for it, courtships have been conducted over it and a worldwide industry has been built around it.
but recently, in india, it is the politics of tea that is taking centre stage.
from a prime minister who cannot stop reminding us that he began his life as a humble tea seller to tmc leader moon moon sen, who claimed recently that she was unaware of the violence in her constituency as she had not been woken up with her bed tea on time, the humble cup that cheers sure is making its presence felt.
moon moon, along with her charming husband habi, from an erstwhile north eastern royal family and a nephew of the late rajmata of jaipur, had been a friend during our kolkata days in the late 1980s.
a winsome hostess, the mother of two pretty school-going daughters and an artful raconteur, shed been an enigma even then, coquettish at one time, sultry and aloof another.
it was at her well-appointed, spacious home where we would run in to some of the citys most colourful personalities and visitors (on one memorable occasion the actor hugh grant!
) what on earth made sen deliver those unforgettable lines to a live camera about being unaware of the violence in her constituency because of a lapse by her staff concerning her bed tea?
and how will such a display of unparalleled elitism in the political arena sit with the grassroots underdog image of tmc leader mamatabanerjee banerjee?
there is every chance that modi, who appears to be focusing some of his attention to baiting mamatabanerjee currently, will seize this opportunity to contrast his much-vaunted humble tea sellers background with the image of the high-handed memsahib and her bed tea.
you wouldnt need to read the tea leaves to know how that one will play out.
true liesour dilli political jasoos called to give us some taaza khabar from the corridors of power.
apparently, the pms recent interview with actor akshay kumar had resulted in a piquant situation: his young challenger from the opposition, egged on by his handlers, had been inspired to give a similar non-political interview himself to demonstrate what a man of the people he was.
but, according to her, the problem was that there were no takers.
there was a time when channels would queue up to get a sound bite from him, she rued, adding, but now, hes finding it hard to interest any channel to give him air time.
finding it hard, or not being allowed to, was what we wanted to ask, but by then shed hung up.
backstage at the royal opera house(from left) manjari chaturvedi, shubha mudgal and asad lalljee.
what is it like being backstage at a day-long symposium at the spectacularly-restored royal opera house to celebrate the contributions of the courtesan to indias performing arts?
last saturday, we had the opportunity to find out, when we participated in delhi-based kathak dancer and founder of the sufi kathak foundation, manjari chaturvedis paean to the subcontinents courtesan of yore.
it featured discussions, films and speakers like doyenne of hindustani classical music shubha mudgal, historian and author dr veena talwar oldenburg and dr lata singh, an associate professor in the centre for womens studies, jnu, amongst others, besides being capped by a performance by chaturvedi herself, at the end.
to begin with, the experience of spending time in the hallowed and graceful building, a gift to the city from the erstwhile royal family of gondal, transports one to another era.
then the palpable sense of scholarship amidst the participants and the audience, men and women whove come from near and far, driven by their common love for the subject under discussion is a welcome respite from the everyday quotidian rush of city living.
and lastly, theres the food.
food for thought: in this case, how the tawiafs and courtesans were women of real glamour and financial independence who had commanded respect and influence in their time; how many of them had contributed to the freedom struggle; how patriarchy and british puritanism, amongst other things had marginalised them.
yes, there was much food for thought that afternoon.
and, food for the stomach.
cultural provocateur asad lalljee, ceo, avid learning and curator at the royal opera house, and his team had ensured that they had left no stone unturned to make the symposium a success in every way.
but, fate had intervened and the lunch boxes containing quiche and cakes from theobrama had not shown up, leading to a last-minute scramble for boxes from tiwaris next door.
the delicious dahi kachoris and cheese dhoklas had many participants saying they much preferred the stand in!
the poultry farm owner arrested from a village near bangladesh border on wednesday night allegedly sold all his dead chicken to eateries on the outskirts of kolkata, according to police.
police suspect that using a large network of middlemen, kaushar ali dhali also procured dead chicken from other poultry owners at throwaway prices.
dhali owned two farms and his business flourished over the last two years.
police came to know about dhali after a meat supplier was arrested near the airport on april 27.
a huge quantity of chicken that had started to rot was seized from him.
he used to sell healthy and live chicken to retailers in markets.
but birds that died of disease or other causes were dressed and sold to eatery owners, said a north 24 parganas district police officer who did not want to be named.
dhali was arrested from hingalgunj in the north 24 parganas on wednesday night where he was hiding at a relatives home.
officers of the airport police station, where a case against dhali was registered, suspect that he was trying to escape to bangladesh.
police, however, have not found any connection between dhali and the racket that used to collect carcasses of cows, pigs and other dead animals from dumping grounds in five districts and sold their meat.
the carcass meat racket was first detected on april 20 at budge budge, about 28 km from kolkata.
thirteen people, including manik mukherjee, a former cpi(m) leader who was expelled by the party in 2010, sharafat ali, a meat supplier and biswanath ghorui, one of the key players in the operation, were arrested by police.
the kolkata municipal corporation (kmc) on may 10 banned sale of frozen meat or chicken that not dressed in front of the customer at its markets.
a committee set up by chief minister mamatabanerjee has instructed civic bodies across bengal to conduct surprise inspections at eateries and shops.
banerjee had then said that the carcass meat racket has been operating in other states as well.
its almost 8 pm and west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee is still closeted with her key leaders in a hotel in the centre of cooch behar town.
the general election is a battle of prestige for the trinamool congress chief, and she is not relying merely on her party colleagues to repulse the march of the bharatiya janata party (bjp).
she has already spent three days in the town and remains in the thick of the action.
barely a few metres away from her hotel, four top bjp leaders are huddled together, discussing strategy.
bjps general secretary in-charge of west bengal, kailash vijayvargiya, and rashtriya swayamsevak sangh leaders, shiv prakash and arvind menon, had just finished their green tea when mukul roy, a former mamatabanerjee loyalist, entered their room along with others.
its now time for a strategy meeting in the bjp camp.
the north bengal town is witnessing a keen contest between the ruling trinamool congress and the bjp, which has grown in size and influence across eight lok sabha constituencies in this part of the eastern state.
the slide in the fortunes of the communist party of india (marxist) and the congress has helped the bjp gain ground in this region, experts say.
there is a certain buzz about the bjp here, said pradeep das, who drives a battery rickshaw.
there is a novelty value about modi and his bjp.
people are tempted to give them a chance for once.
for complete coverage of lok sabha elections 2019, click herethe bjp stood third in cooch behar with a vote tally of just 2.
17 lakh, against 5.
26 lakh polled by trinamool congress in 2014.
the bjp is in the race to win the seat this time, after it fielded a trinamool congress turncoat, nishith pramanik, and forged an alliance with rajbongshi groups such as the greater cooch behar peoples association of atul maharaj.
in alipurduar, where it finished a close third in 2014 polls, the bjp has roped in a prominent tribal face, john barla, who is known for his grip over tribal votes among workers in tea gardens.
of the eight lok sabha seats of north bengal, the bjp could win just one in the 2014 parliamentary election.
its victory in darjeeling was largely credited to the support it received from the gorkha janmukti morcha, an outfit with a base in darjeeling hills.
the trinamool congress won four seats, the congress two and the cpm one.
things have changed in the past five years.
my family has always voted for the cpm.
we will vote for the bjp, as it has emerged as the principal challenger to the trinamool congress, said suman kundu, a shopkeeper in alipurduar town.
a cpm veteran said: mamatabanerjee banerjees politics to appease the minority votes has fuelled the bjps rise in north bengal.
it was always a fertile ground for the bjp; some groundwork by the rss has helped its case.
the bjp polled over 21 lakh votes across these seats, compared to 26 lakh by trinamool congress and 25 lakh by the three left parties.
cpm leaders admit that there is a certain drift among its floating voters, who are tempted to go along with the bjp to defeat trinamool congress.
we expect to win at least six of the eight seats of north bengal this time, vijayvrgiya said.
cooch behar, alipurduar, darjeeling and balurghat are among seats in which the bjp has emerged as the main contender.
experts argue that, in the absence of an alliance between the cpm and the congress, the bjp stands a better chance, but it will still remain a distant second to trinamool congress, which has a very well laid out structure in every part of the state.
the bjp has been growing slowly over the past several elections, and the absence of an alliance in the opposition is helping its case, said verniers, co-director at the trivedi centre of political data.
he said the bjp has done well in the non-bengali speaking areas of bengal.
in non-hindi speaking states, such as in the northeast, wherever the congress has collapsed, the bjp has filled the vacuum, he said.
patnaupdated: aug 20, 2019 00:45 istformer bihar chief minister jagannath mishra passed away in new delhi on monday, his family said.
mishra, who was undergoing cancer treatment in the national capital, was 82.
in patna, the bihar government announced three days mourning and said mishra will be cremated with full state honours at his native balua ghat village in supaul district.
mishras body will be flown to bihar on tuesday.
mishra became bihars chief minister first in april 1975 and remained in office until 1977.
his second term as chief minister lasted from 1980 to 1983.
mishra last term as chief minister lasted for 95 days from december 1989 to march 1990.
he also served as a union minister.
mishra was acquitted in the so-called fodder scam pertaining to embezzlement of public funds for procurement of fodder, medicines and animal husbandry equipment for cattle.
bihar chief minister nitish kumar paid tributes to mishra.
he made an invaluable contribution to the politics of bihar and india.
his death is an irreparable loss to politics, society, and education, kumar said.
bihar governor phagu chauhan recalled mishras contributions as a three-time chief minister and union minister.
he was an able administrator, sensitive politician and a renowned professor of economics.
his death is not only an irreparable loss to the state but to the country as well, chauhan said.
bihars deputy chief minister, sushil kumar modi, called mishras death an irreparable loss to bihar.
interim congress president sonia gandhi said mishra will be remembered for a long time.
as a three-time congress chief minister of bihar, union cabinet minister and pcc [pradesh congress committee) president on many occasions, dr mishra always stood for the interests of the deprived and the marginalised minorities in society.
bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee expressed grief over mishras death.
saddened at the passing away of former chief minister of bihar, jagannath mishra ji.
condolences to his family and his admirers, mamatabanerjee tweeted.
trinamool congress supremo and west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee monday said that jai shri ram is the bjps slogan and it is trying to force everybody to chant it.
does ramchandra become bjps election agent when election comes?
the fiery tmc supremo asked at public rallies here.
none can be forced to chant what narendra modi or bjp want, she said adding that west bengals culture has never been what the the saffron party is trying to make it.
the slogan of the people of bengal is vandemataram of bankim chandra chattopadhyay and jai hind of netaji subhas chandra bose, she said.
why should i give your slogan?
i will not chant the name of rotten modi or rotten bjp.
a video has appeared in the social media that shows mamatabanerjee stopping her car at a place in west midnapore district and chasing some persons who chanted jai shri ram as her carcade was passing the area.
prime minister narendra modi addressing rallies at jhargram and tamluk in the state monday said that in bengal people are not allowed to chant jai shri ram and that saying it in public places is regarded as a crime here.
when we do durga puja we say jay ma durga, when we do kali puja we say jay ma kali but we do not give any particular slogan always like the bjp, she said.
taking a dig at the saffron partys vow to construct a ram temple at ayodhya, she said that while she has renovated kali temples at dakshineswar, tarapith and kankalitala in the state bjp has not been able to set up a single ram temple in the country in five years though they chant jai shri ram.
the chief minister said that in 2015, 2016 and 2017 there were floods in the state but no relief was given to it by the modi government despite several demands by her.
he (modi) wants us to go to jhargram (where he held a public meeting monday) to discuss the situation related to the cyclone.
he will sip tea and i will have to sit beside him and have pictures clicked.
why should i go?
she asked.
he has come before the elections.
he is bypassing the chief minister and calling the chief secretary, who is under the chief minister and not the prime minister, she said.
rajiv gandhi died for the country.
you may not like him but you should give respect to a departed leader, mamatabanerjee , who was given prominence as a young firebrand leader during her days in the congress by the former prime minister, said.
she questioned the language used by modi asking how can a prime minister say she is a tolabaj, (extortionist) you (modi) say tmc is tolabaj.
is this the language to be used by a prime minister.
if i am tolabaj, what are you, your hands are bloodied with communal riots in gujarat, she said.
(this story has been published from a wire agency feed without modifications to the text.
only the headline has been changed.
any reasonably permanent solution to the darjeeling problem cannot be achieved by brushing under the carpet the fact that the gorkhas are aspiring to establish their identity.
bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjees hill strategy has essentially treated it as a development question that, she thinks, is an outcome of the neglect of the hills by successive governments in bengal.
since she took over the reins of the state in may 2011, she has visited the hills more than 100 times in 73 months, which will be far more than the cumulative visits of the seven chief ministers before her in 64 years.
ms mamatabanerjee has unleashed her style of development politics that hardly recognises the gorkha identity as a political aspiration.
the gorkhaland territorial administration (gta), the semi-autonomous body set up to run the affairs of the hills in 2012, seems to have failed.
unsurprisingly, the trinamool congress recently won the civic polls in mirik  a first for a party from the plains in decades  that has encouraged trinamool leaders to think big in the hills.
however, the fact remains that the trinamool victory was largely attributable to its alliance with gorkha national liberation front, subhash ghisings party built on gorkha identity.
the gorkha janmukti morcha leaders have accused the chief minister of wrecking the gta by not transferring power to it on the one hand, and by forming as many as 15 development boards of hill communities such as tamang and lepchas, thereby trying to wean sections to the ruling partys fold.
ms mamatabanerjee is within her rights to plan expansion of trinamool congress in the hills, but it will be quite impossible to be accepted as a party representing local aspirations.
the need for army help was also an indication how fragile the situation is in the hills.
though the trinamool congress won the smallest municipality of mirik, it was humbled in the three bigger ones  darjeeling, kalimpong and kurseong  by a big margin.
the party won one out of 32 seats in darjeeling, three out of 20 in kurseong and two out of 23 in kalimpong.
ms mamatabanerjee is a charismatic leader, who can perhaps keep get the better of gjm and its leaders in the current round of confrontation.
but if the bigger blueprint ignores the gorkha identity, one cannot rule out the emergence of a more radical face and movement to continue the struggle for identity.
only in october 2007 bimal gurung emerged from the shadows of subhas ghising, who would have been content with autonomy under the sixth schedule of the constitution, to carry out the struggle for gorkhaland.
its too recent a lesson to be overlooked.
central bureau of investigation (cbi) sleuths arrested a father son duo who are the promoters of prayag group on wednesday.
chairman of the group, basudeb bagchi (father) and director avik bagchi (son) were arrested after a grilling session that lasted for about five hours at the agencys office at the cgo complex in salt lake.
read: bengals film industry dances to ponzi fund tunethere are more 150 firs against prayag group apart from hundreds of complaints filed by depositors who have formed an association that is fighting cases in calcutta high court.
cbi made the arrests today on the basis of those complaints, said arindam das, a lawyer for the depositors.
basudeb bagchi with shah rukh khan at the inauguration programme of the film city.
(ht photo)sections of the prize chit and money circulation (banning) act, misappropriation of funds and criminal conspiracy were slapped against both.
the group grabbed eyeballs in 2012 when basudeb bagchi announced that they are going to set up a film city spread over 2,700 acre in chandrakona of west midnapore district.
shah rukh khan was appointed to endorse the rs 1,000 crore project.
he inaugurated it on april 15, 2012.
cbi and enforcement directorate are probing a number of deposit-raising companies as a part of their investigation into the chit fund scam which was ordered by supreme court in 2013.
in 2013 the word also went around that the project encroached upon 350 acre of government land that was initially overlooked by the administration.
read: srk brand ambassador of bengal film cityin its website prayag group introduced itself as a group with interests in more than a dozen sectors such as real estate, hotels and resorts, biscuits and cakes, packaged drinking water, fmcg products, tea, pineapple processing unit, news & electronic media, cements, block tiles, fly ash bricks, fisheries, poultry, composite farming, aviation and other projects.
however, its most ambitious project was setting up a film city and that would also double up as a tourism destination.
cbi officers interrogated the duo on the deposits that it raised down the years for its projects.
when their answers failed to satisfy them, the sleuths decided to arrest them.
the prayag bosses will be produced in court on thursday.
it raised money in west bengal and the neighbouring states.
the group produced two films.
the first was chaya manush starring saumitra chatterjee, parambrata chatterjee, paoli dam and raima sen.
it was released in february 2014.
the second one was jole jongole and mithun chakraborty, asish vidyarthi, jackie shroff nd tinnu anand acted.
it is supposed to be released this year.
the production of this film started in 2013/14 when chakraborty was a trinamool congress mp in rajya sabha.
the group was set up in 2002.
opposition parties, which have had little reason to cheer since the bharatiya janata party (bjp) started dominating national and regional elections in 2013 (the party-led national democratic alliance, or nda, has a clear majority in the lok sabha and it is in power, solely or with partners, in 20 of indias 29 states) came together to celebrate the swearing-in of karnataka chief minister hd kumaraswamy of the janata dal (secular) and his jd(s)-congress government on wednesday.
their show of unity comes amid increasing momentum of talks and efforts to build a front to take on the bjp, now clearly in pole position in indian politics.
joining kumaraswamy, his father and former prime minister hd deve gowda, who is clearly relishing his second coming as paterfamilias of the opposition, congress president rahul gandhi, and his mother, united progressive alliance (upa) chairperson sonia gandhi ,were a clutch of other leaders.
mayawati of the bahujan samaj party and akhilesh yadav of the samajwadi party, both from uttar pradesh, the state that sends the most representatives to the lok sabha, were there (the two are already believed to have sewn up an alliance).
mayawatis party was the jd(s) partner in the karnataka elections and even won one seat.
west bengal chief minister and trinamool congress leader mamatabanerjee , who has been working to build a so-called federal front, was in attendance, as was telugu desam party chief and andhra cm n chandrababu naidu.
aam aadmi party leader and delhi cm arvind kejriwal, the nationalist congress partys sharad pawar, the rashtriya janata dals tejashwi yadav, and rashtriya lok dals ajit singh were there.
and sitaram yechury of the communist party of india, marxist, which played a seminal role in the creation of the upa back in 2004, was present.
as much as they were there to celebrate the jd(s)-congress triumph  not as much in the polls as in smart post-poll maneuvering  the leaders were also there to cock a snook at their common enemy, the bjp.
the leaders talked, in groups small and large before, during, and after the function in bengaluru on a rainy day, although few details were made public.
analysts said that little in terms of material discussions is likely to have transpired.
it was a show of strength, one analyst said, asking not to be identified.
nothing more; but it was a good show of strength.
banerjee told reporters: i have come here to support kumaraswamy as his is a regional partythere is a saying, jo humse takrayega woh choor choor ho jayega (those who fight with us will be destroyed).
it doesnt help to fight against regional parties.
if regional parties come together they will be the strongest force, she said.
nothing much was discussed about the coalition, as the primary agenda was to come out in support of the coalition government.
the message was that we have stopped the bjp and its taking over of the state, yechury said.
the parties have differing ideologies, even conflicting ambitions, but also a common enemy.
union minister dv sadananda gowda mocked the coming together of the parties as a temporary platform.
their only agenda seems to be to oppose prime minister narendra modi and nothing else.
within three months, these parties will cut sorry figures as the platform will crumble, he said.
later, addressing a press conference, kumaraswamy said he was a child of circumstances and there was an immense responsibility on his shoulders as he had to ensure that the coalition government lived up to the expectations of people across the country, who were looking at it as a model to be replicated in 2019.
the chief minister said a floor test will be held on friday to prove the coalitions majority.
there is a strange situation in the state, where ordinary people are divided in their opinion of this coalition.
the suspicions expressed by people will be addressed by this government, he said.
regarding the ~53,000-crore farm loan waiver the jd(s) had promised in its manifesto, kumaraswamy said he had said he would waive all the loans if the party had got a majority.
im in a coalition government now and i have to take the congress into confidence as well before i announce such a huge policy, he said.
kumaraswamy also invited former chief minister bs yeddyurappa to provide his inputs on addressing the problems faced by the people of the state.
in his resignation speech the other day, he said he had travelled across the state for two years and would hit the streets again to highlight the plight of the people.
i want to tell him that nobody has to hit the streets under this government because we will allow everybody to approach us.
please give us all the information you have about the hardships that people face so that we can address it, he said.
political analyst narendar pani said while the show of unity was significant, it appeared to be the launch of the third front rather than a broad alliance with the congress.
although it was the congresss show, the regional party leaders seemed to have turned out in support of the jd(s) rather than for the coalition; this was seen in how (deputy cm, the congress g.) parameshwara was relegated to the side, he said.
mumbaiupdated: aug 05, 2019 11:40 istvanchit bahujan aaghadi (vba) chief prakash ambedkar has criticised the opposition parties proposed morcha against electronic voting machines (evms) as an aimless and futile exercise.
he also ruled out his participation in the protest.
opposition parties  including the maharashtra navnirman sena (mns), congress, nationalist congress party (ncp), swabhimani shetkari sanghatana (sss) and aam aadmi party (aap)  have declared to hold a morcha in mumbai on august 21, demanding scrapping of evms and reintroduction of ballot papers.
since most opposition political leaders are under pressure from various agencies, they are resorting to such tactics that will yield no results.
i am on the right path as i have petitioned the [bombay high] court that this was a faulty system and only that can give results, said ambedkar.
the opposition parties lashed out at ambedkar, saying it was clear that he was working towards helping the bjp indirectly.
it is a democracy and we need to educate the people and agitate.
ambedkar is very clear that he wants to help the bjp by not aligning with the opposition parties.
he did the same during the lok sabha polls and because of him contesting independently, many opposition candidates lost.
this ensured the one-side win of bjp-shiv sena, said the leader of a major opposition party.
in the last few months, mns chief raj thackeray has actively pursued this issue and urged several leaders to join the fight.
last month, he met congress leader sonia gandhi.
recently, he met west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee who promised her support.
fading photographs in siliguris kanchenjungha stadium feature every sporting hero who has visited the largest stadium in this north bengal town, known as the gateway to darjeeling and the himalayas.
in almost every frame, former state minister and communist party of india (marxist) [cpi(m)] ashok bhattacharya is beaming  underlining the might the left front once enjoyed in the state.
but the party office is rundown, there is only a trickle of visitors and local leaders privately arent hopeful of a victory.
across town, abhijit roy chowdhury is relaxing in his living room after a hectic day of campaign.
he is the bharatiya janata partys (bjp) district president since july 2018 but a cupboard still proudly showcases his picture with former president pranab mukherjee, when the latter was with the congress.
every few minutes, he fields calls from workers on the ground, who sound upbeat about the partys chances.
in a way, these two frames encapsulate the political reality of west bengal, the third-largest state in the country in terms of lok sabha seats.
the bjp aims to grow as the principal opposition party in a space vacated by the congress, which is facing an erosion of support, and the left, whose iron grip on the state is already a fading memory.
and it is here in north bengal, where the saffron party is hoping to give the ruling trinamool congress its toughest fight yet.
trinamool strengthswest bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee is no stranger to the ups and downs of politics.
the 64-year-old won her first election in 1984 from jadavpur, defeating left stalwart somnath chatterjee, and went on to become a union minister.
but disappointed at the state unit of the congress, she left the party to form her own party in 1998 and won seven seats in the elections that year.
after the 2004 election, she was the lone member of her party in parliament but the singur land agitation two years later gave her party a new lease of life.
riding high on the farmers agitation and discontent after three-decades of left rule, her party won 19 seats in 2009 and dislodged the left front in a historic victory in 2011.
five years later, she won a resounding victory, increasing her majority in the 294-member assembly.
halfway through her second term, mamatabanerjee remains the most popular mass leader in the state.
privately, even her rivals acknowledge her feisty fighting spirit and sharp political instinct.
in governance, she is a populist with a number of welfare schemes and doles, such as fixed sums of money to neighbourhood clubs.
this election, mamatabanerjee is said to nurture ambitions of a larger role in national politics; for that, she has to maximize her partys tally in west bengal.
the bjps best efforts to project a face to rival didi, as she is known to her supporters, have failed miserably so far.
banerjee has quite a few things going in her favour.
west bengal has around 27  bengali-speaking muslims, 3  hindi or urdu-speaking muslims and around 2  other non-hindu votes.
the 32  minority votes are expected to rally behind banerjee.
as one of her aides said on condition of anonymity, she will start the race with 30  assured votes in hand.
her party has the best organizational presence on the ground  with party offices in every village and block that sometimes run as parallel administration centres.
and, with the left and congress in decline in the state, banerjees party is also eyeing some left or congress votes.
the unprecedented seven-phase polling in the state should also help her.
being the sole star campaigner, mamatabanerjee can afford more time to campaign in each constituency.
and, finally, there is her carefully curated image of the neighbourhood elder sister and mass connect, bolstered by her image of austerity.
bjps best chance?
a good performance by the bjp in bengal can offset some of the losses the party is expected to suffer in north india, and the saffron party is determined to emerge as a serious choice to voters who are unhappy with the seven-year trinamool congress rule.
the party commanded an admirable 17  vote in the last lok sabha election  though far behind the trinamools 39  -- and stood second in a number of seats, including banerjees pocket borough of kolkata south.
then, it emerged as the largest opposition force in the 2018 panchayat elections, doing especially well in the western, tribal-dominated districts.
this time, the bjp is aiming for a higher share with party president amit shah announcing his party would bag 35-40 seats from bengal, odisha and the north-east.
a large section of the people is fed up with the trinamool.
if they see a viable alternative, they will definitely vote for them, said political analyst debabrata chaki in the northern bengal town of cooch behar.
bjp cooch behar district chief malati rava emphasised that law-and-order is a pet plank for them.
also her politics of appeasement has isolated a large section of the voters.
they will vote for us, she added, referring to a key bjp campaign theme: banerjees alleged policy of favouring the sizeable muslim population.
the trinamools key strategist mukul roy has shifted to the bjp, and at least three mps and a host of local leaders have followed suit in the past three months.
veteran congress leader abdul mannan also echoes similar sentiments.
if we had the pact between the congress and the left, we could have given both the trinamool and the bjp a tough fight across the state.
but we lost that opportunity, he said.
the saffron party is pulling out all stops -- from the national register of citizenship (aiming to drive out illegal muslim migrants) to the pulwama attack.
in siliguri, roy chowdhury said this time, the bjp would be a different ball game for banerjee.
many non-muslim congress and cpi(m) votes will come to us.
remember, there is not just an anti-trinamool sentiment but also a pro-modi wave.
but this is easier said than done.
the state bjp is no match against the trinamools powerful organisation.
it still lacks grassroot-level workers in large parts of the state.
our government has given far better schemes than the centre in the last four years.
we started a package for farmers much before the centre announced pm kisan.
our kanya shri (a welfare scheme for girl children) won international accolades while their beti bachao, beti padhao is nothing but a pr exercise.
we have provided millions of jobs, the bjp has taken away jobs from the young people, said trinamool congresss north bengal development minister rabindranath ghosh.
congress and cpi(m)the two erstwhile rivals have one thing in common: both are scrambling to stay relevant in state politics, especially after failing to stitch together an alliance.
last time, the cpi(m) received close to 30  votes and congress around 10 .
in theory, a tie-up should have been able to put up a fight  especially in pockets of north and central bengal.
at his ancestral home in siliguri, bhattacharya admits, it is true that a section of the people have started looking at the bjp as the real alternative to the tmc.
if the congress and cpi(m) reached an understanding, these voters would have returned to us.
mannan said, we wanted an open alliance, not just some hazy seat sharing.
we wanted a mix of left and congress candidates in every district, but left refused to give seats in entire north bengal.
as the fight between the bjp and trinamool intensifies, bengals votes are likely to be more polarised among the two parties.
the congress is also facing factional frictions.
the most powerful state congress leader, adhir chowdhury, failed to take others along with him.
now, under the reigns of veteran leader somen mitra, discontent is brewing among senior leaders.
mannan even refuses to go to the congress office as long as mitra is the state unit chief.
with the first phase of the staggered election less than a week away, the fight in bengal appears to be between the trinamool, looking to extend its dominance and the bjp, raring to expand in a state that has traditionally shunned the saffron party.
will didis street-smart politics triumph or will the bjp be able to exploit anti-incumbency  on this question will depend the results in the eastern state.
rashtriya swayamsevak sangh (rss) chief mohan bhagwat on sunday hit out at west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee without naming her for failing to contain the violence that erupted in the state during the lok sabha elections and has continued since.
what is happening in west bengal?
has anything like this ever happened?
action should be taken by the administration, he said while speaking at the conclusion of the third year training scheduled for rss volunteers in nagpur.
he said people have the power to teach a lesson to those who misuse power.
bhagwat added it is the duty of the state to contain violence and use its penal powers to reign in anti-social behaviour.
.
.
.
anyone who fails to do so cannot even be called raja [ruler[, he said.
he referred to reports of violence from west bengal and criticised the acrimony between political parties that has continued even after the polls.
bhagwat said efforts were underway to derail india from its path towards progress and divisions within the polity and society will only aid the external forces that want so.
in the last five years, there have been attempts to divide society for personal gains, but in the elections, the people have rejected it, he said.
the union home ministry on saturday night sought a report from the bengal government on the violence at dhanipara village in basirhat, north 24 parganas, in which a trinamool congress worker and two local leaders of the bharatiya janata party were killed.
bjp claimed that three more workers were murdered by tmc backed goons and five others had gone missing.
bjp national executive member mukul roy informed union home minister amit shah about the violence and gave him a report on saturday evening.
while chief minister mamatabanerjee remained silent on the issue till sunday afternoon, her ministers fumed at the centre.
state food and supplies minister and tmcs north 24 parganas district president jyoti priya mallick described the development as direct interference by the union government in the affairs of the state government.
law and order is a state subject according to the constitution and the centre cannot interfere in this matter.
the union home minister should remember that he is home minister of the country and not of the bjp, malllick said.
tmc secretary general and education minister partha chatterjee alleged that bjp is behaving like the party in power in bengal.
they might have been able to win some seats because of left voters but tmc still has a bigger vote share.
they have become desperate and hence resorting to violence, chatterjee said.
governor keshari nath tripathi left for delhi on sunday morning.
he will be meeting prime minister narendra modi on monday.
the meeting was scheduled quite a while ago, said a raj bhawan official.
this is not the first time tmc had a faceoff with the national democratic alliance government or the governor on law and order issue in the state.
also read | 3 killed in bengals north 24 parganas as tmc-bjp clashes continuein march 2018, the union home ministry sought a report from the state on communal violence at asansol and ranigunj in west burdwan district during ram navami festival.
three people were killed in the riots.
in july 2017, mamatabanerjee openly expressed her ire at governor keshari nath tripathi after communal riots broke out in baduria and adjacent basirhat town in north 24 parganas district.
it started after a class 11 student posted a controversial post on social media.
banerjee took exception to the governor calling her up and enquiring about the steps taken by administration.
he telephoned me and threatened me.
the governor cannot threaten me.
he should know that he is a nominated person.
i have told him that you cannot talk to me like that, the chief minister said at that time.
although no one was killed, around 25 people were severely injured and dozens of shops and property were vandalized.
in october 2014, the union home ministry sought a report on the probe in the blast at khagragarh on october 2, 2014 in then undivided burdwan district.
the explosion claimed two lives.
the national investigation agency (nia) later took over the probe from the state cid and unearthed the involvement of sleeper cells of the banned jamaat-ul-mujahideen bangladesh (jmb).
around 20,000 resident doctors from government hospitals in the national capital will go on strike on monday demanding a central law to protect those in the medical profession.
the call for the strike was given by the indian medical association (ima), a representative body for doctors.
the resident doctors association of aiims, however, has withdrawn its strike and decided to function as usual for now.
according to a press release on sunday evening, the rda will hold a protest march from 8 to 9 am on monday following which the doctors shall resume duties.
private hospital doctors were yet to confirm participation.
the strike is likely to hit outpatient clinics and other routine services (like diagnostics).
emergency services, however, wont be affected, doctors assured.
the strike is a fallout of an assault by relatives of a patient on doctors at a government hospital in west bengal after the patient died during treatment last week monday.
the incident sparked protests from doctors across the country.
while kolkata doctors went on strike from tuesday, resident doctors from aiims and safdarjung on thursday worked with a bandage on head and wearing helmets as part of the protestthe incident sparked protests from doctors across the country.
while kolkata doctors went on strike from tuesday, resident doctors from aiims and safdarjung on thursday worked with a bandage on head and wearing helmets as part of the protestthe doctors are demanding a central law to protect doctors, along with immediate provisions for safety for doctors in west bengal as well as other parts of the country.
delhi government hospitals together see around 50,000 patients in their outpatient clinics every day.
nearly 40  patients are from outside delhi.
hundreds of scheduled surgeries in the hospitals are also likely to be cancelled.
services will run only in the emergency ward and operation theatre, the wards, and the intensive care units.
all doctors, around 15,000 associated with federation of resident doctors association (forda) will go on a strike tomorrow (monday).
routine services will be affected, but we will ensure that all emergency services are running, said dr sumedh sandanshiv, president of the resident doctors association.
members of forda had gone on a strike on saturday and decided to continue the protest on monday after the indian medical association (ima) gave a call for nationwide strike.
the ima on sunday called for a withdrawal of non-essential services across the country on june 17 demanding a comprehensive law for dealing with violence against doctors and other healthcare workers.
on friday, hospitals like sir ganga ram that has over 600 beds closed their out-patient clinics on a strike call from the delhi medical association.
doctors from aiims and safdarjung, who had gone on a strike on friday, had given a 48-hour deadline to the west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee to meet the demands of the striking doctors from the state.
about 3,500 doctors from the two hospitals are likely to strike work tomorrow as well.
union health minister dr harsh vardhan had written to the chief ministers of all the states requesting them to enact specific legislations for protecting doctors and medical professionals and forwarded a draft act prepared by the ima.
resident doctors in many parts of the country are agitating and not providing healthcare services.
agitations by doctors in west bengal seem to be getting aggravated and taking shape of strike by both government and private sector doctors, all over the country, he said in the letter.
on saturday, karnataka went to the polls to elect its legislators.
about 3.
58 crore voters cast their mandate in 56,696 polling stations, but not a single incident of a death from poll-related violence was reported in the state.
forty-eight hours later, rural bengal recorded at least eight deaths (at the time of going to press) in the panchayat polls.
at least 16 people died in the run-up to the elections between april 2, the day submission of nominations began, and may 13.
the number of lives lost in caste conflicts is zero in west bengal and that in communal violence is low compared to many north indian states.
but political violence, and, more specifically, electoral violence?
well, those have come to define the state.
monday saw shocking scenes: ballot papers and ballot boxes on fire on the roads; ballot boxes forced open with crow bars; water being poured in ballot boxes inside booths; young men opening boxes and scattering ballot papers on the floor and counting them to determine how many had been cast in their favour.
inside a booth, a policeman was seen slinging his rifle across his back and standing motionless beside a young man who held aloft a pistol, finger on trigger.
it was an abysmal collapse of law and order.
violence and politics in bengal are not a recent occurrence.
but this time the desperation of the ruling party, the trinamool congress, was apparent from the statements of its leaders.
ruling party leaders have emphasised that the people would get rid of the opposition through the ballot.
transport minister suvendu adhikari even announced a rs 5 crore reward for any district party unit that would give an opposition-free board.
in fact, panchayat polls have become a scary exercise in bengal.
in the 2003 elections, during the heydays of the left front government that ruled the state between 1977 and 2011, as many as 76 people were killed.
in 2013, 39 died.
the security for the polls has become the subject of legal battles.
while the state government said one policeman carrying firearms and another carrying a baton were enough for peaceful polls, the west bengal election commission, too, endorsed the adequacy of the arrangement, and turned down the demand of the opposition for central forces.
the gap between that projection and reality proved costly on monday.
eighteen days after the west bengal police made its first arrest in the carcass meat racket, chief minister mamatabanerjee on tuesday formed a committee of top government and police officials and said the racket has been operating not only in bengal but in other states as well.
the police have done a good job.
today, we have formed a committee to be headed by the chief secretary.
it will formulate a foolproof mechanism to ensure carcass meat cannot be retrieved by anyone, said banerjee.
this operation was not confined to bengal.
it had spread to other states also.
the discovery has spread panic and many people have stopped having meat.
the committees members comprise the director general of state police, the commissioner of kolkata police, and the principal secretaries of health, animal husbandry, panchayat, and urban development departments.
officials said mamatabanerjee wants the committee to formulate a scientific mechanism for disposal of animal carcass and draft policies to ensure quality of food sold in markets and eateries.
on tuesday, around a thousand kilos of stale casein was recovered from a sweetmeat factory at katwa in east burdwan district.
in his first visit to patna after joining congress, patna sahib mp shatrughan sinha on friday said that he would have perhaps joined the congress long back, had mrs (indira) gandhi been alive.
talking to the media during his visit to sadaquat ashram, headquarters of the bihar pradesh congress committee (bpcc), sihna said he had never spoken against the congress, even though he remained in the bjp.
there has been a considerable rise in popularity of rahul gandhi.
i seem the present and future of india in him.
success of the congress party in three state polls within a year of rahul gandhis accession to the chief of the party was no mean achievement, said sinha after his grandiose welcome at his new home by the party workers.
sinha, also known as bihari babu, said that he stayed back in the bjp, as he did not wish to leave a party where he had grown up and earned respect.
but things have changed drastically in the last two-three years.
arrogance has taken over the party after the departure of atal bihari vajpyee.
it has now become a one-man show and two-man army in the party, said sinha, who will be contesting from the patna sahib lok sabha seat to wrest it for the congress.
the country would retrieve its lost glory under the leadership of rahul gandhi, who is not just a dynamic leader, but also understands the aspirations of youth, farmers and the poor indians well.
unlike the bjp leaders, he (rahul gandhi) does not take recourse to doling out hallow rhetoric.
earlier at the patna airport, sinha wished bjp candidate and union minister ravi shankar prasad, who is in the fray from patna sahib, and exuded confidence that he would set a new record for victory margins.
prasad is a friend of mine.
i have no personal enmity with him.
it is a fight for ideology, which cares about the interest of farmers, unemployed youth, national interest and communal harmony, said the actor turned politician.
dubbing local bjp leaders as exhausted cartridges, sinha said that he opted to join the congress to take forward the peoples fight for self-respect and realise their dreams of a prosperous india, where there was respect for one another.
i came here to honour my words.
i had said earlier that the situation could be different, but the location would be same, said sinha, adding that he made up his mind after bjp announced prasads candidature for patna sahib.
to a query about the contest in bihar, sinha said the grand alliance (ga) was like a magic wand and would sweep the poll.
he also praised rjd chief lalu prasad for his understanding of bihar and said he joined the congress on his advice and suggestions of other senior leaders of the opposition parties like mamatabanerjee , akhilesh yadav, mayavati and arvind kejriwal.
bpcc president madan mohan jha said that sinha would wrest the patna sahib seat for congress and infuse a fresh lease of life into the party workers.
congress mlc and aicc media panelist prem chandra mishra lambasted the bjp for its bid to paint the congress in bad light on the issue of military strikes across the border and said the party always honoured the armed forces.
the congress needs no lesson on nationalism, as two of its senior most leaders, indira gandhi and rajiv gandhi, laid down their lives for national interests, said mishra.
it was not surprising that thespian sabira merchants dinner at her malabar hill apartment on monday evening was replete with references and tributes to towering theatre and film personality and humanist girish karnad, who had passed away earlier in the day.
theatre producer and drama coach raell padamsee  who had produced her father alyque padamsees staging of karnads broken images starring shabana azmi  shared how shocked she was, as she had just spoken to the litterateur to fix at a meeting in bengaluru earlier in the week, to update the play.
he had given no indication that he was so ill.
i had acted in karnads tughlaq, starring kabir bedi, in the 1970s, when id been in my late 20s, said leading advertising, film-maker zafar hai, who, like karnad, had been a student at oxford, albeit at a different time.
but it was literature lives anil dharker who brought out what had perhaps been the celebrated intellectuals most admired quality: his outspoken fearlessness and commitment to his principles.
in 2012, we had awarded vs naipaul with a lifetime achievement award and imagine my surprise, when two days later, while i was seated in the auditorium, from the same platform, karnad, who had been slated to deliver a masterclass on his life in theatre, chose to deliver a scathing critique of not only naipaul, but of me, the festivals organiser, too, said dharker with obvious fondness.
why is naipaul being honoured?
karnad had thundered, citing instances of what he described as naipauls bigotry and communalism in his books, especially against indias minorities.
the people who have given him this award owe a responsibility to explain to us where exactly they stand with regards to naipauls remarks.
if the givers of this award are deliberately keeping silent about their opinion of this outsiders criminalisation of a whole section of the indian population as rapists and murders, then let me say, the silence is more than irresponsible.
it is shocking, karnad had said, unmindful of any feathers he would be ruffling.
but such were those times and people, that in keeping with voltaires celebrated axiom i disapprove of what you say, but i will defend to the death your right to say it, no offence had been taken.
a few years later, dharker and his cultural body had awarded the highly-decorated karnad with his own, much deserved lifetime achievement award, which he had graciously accepted.
destination birthdays(from left) hital and bijal meswani with rahul bose.
move over destination weddings, people have realised that they can have twice as much fun without the hassles of band, baaja and baraat, by taking their family and friends abroad for destination birthdays!
and last week was the turn of bijal and hital meswani, who celebrated the latters 50th birthday with a party for their loved ones in amsterdam.
the soft-spoken, wharton-educated younger son of rasiklal meswani, a cousin of dhirubhai ambani, who is executive director of ril and sits on its board, hital is a familiar figure at cultural and social events in mumbai.
his interest in indian classical music is a by-product of his musician sons harsh and aryamans passion for the same.
no surprises then that besides including industrialists, business folk, the guest list also featured members of the creative community.
incidentally, hitals wife bijal is a prominent philanthropist and one of the driving forces behind fund-raising activities for ngos.
tweet talkbengal is not a toy.
you cannot play with it.
-tmc leader mamatabanerjee yesterday while unveiling a new statue of bengal reformer ishwar chandra vidyasagar that was vandalised earliergirl interrupted?
we cannot help thinking that sunaina roshans current problems with the media have been self-inflicted.
for the uninitiated, heres the story, briefly: hritik roshans sister had alarmed followers and friends on sunday when shed posted a message on social media alluding to the fact that she was experiencing hell.
now of course, besides eliciting a flood of concern and support from her friends, the post had also caught the attention of the media and soon followed a report that the lady was gravely ill, in hospital under supervised observation and suffering from mental health issues.
on her part, sunaina had tried to quell this pr debacle by a subsequent post saying she was horrified to read such rumours, when in fact; shed been out partying with her friends.
but of course, once released, the genie refused to get inside the bottle again and the story gained momentum.
roshan herself has not helped matters either when in her attempt to clarify things, she offered in a subsequent interview to an online site that shed been in rehab for alcohol dependence and that shed been living out of her family home for the past few weeks and that though shed moved back home currently, she was estranged from her family.
nobody has spoken to me.
nobody is in touch with me its sad but they are not even supporting me, she said.
what can one say about this instance?
the collateral damage of celebrity is perhaps heaviest on the families of stars, and compounded with the phenomena of letting it all out on social media, makes for a deadly cocktail.
we hope her loved ones and responsible professionals intervene and save her from further distress and embarrassment.
a new-born child died on thursday in agarpara here due to alleged medical negligence amid doctors strike across the state.
it is my bad luck.
my child died due to lack of treatment.
he was not attended by any doctor because of their strike, babys father abhijit mallik told reporters here.
various medical bodies called doctors strike across the country to protest over rising violence against the medical fraternity after a junior doctor of nil ratan sarkar (nrs) medical college and hospital was allegedly attacked by the relative of a patient who died on june 10.
according to mallik, the child was born on june 11 and was ailing with a breathing problem.
his condition deteriorated on june 12, the doctors of the hospital asked him to go to the child-specialist hospital.
also read: bengal doctors defy mamatabanerjee banerjees deadline, refuse to call off strikemallik claimed that he went to several hospitals but they did not attend the ailing child after which the child died on june 30 in the morning.
the deceased childs father also alleged that the states health department did not respond to his call.
west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee appealed to protesting doctors in the state to get back to work and ensure that hospitals can run smoothly and peacefully.
however, the protesting doctors have not called off the strike yet and are demanding adequate security in every medical college and hospital.
(this story has been published from a wire agency feed without modifications to the text.
only the headline has been changed.
the success of the congress-janata dal (secular) alliance in karnataka in stopping the bharatiya janata party (bjp) has emboldened the votaries of a united opposition to take on the ruling party in 2019 and given regional parties hope that the congress would be willing to play an important role without letting its ambitions come in the way.
analysts, however, caution that the power balance between the congress and non-congress parties in each state will need to be negotiated carefully and a common message projected for any such grouping to take on prime minister narendra modi.
west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee , an active proponent of the federal front, tweeted, soon after bjps two-day chief minister bs yeddyuruppas resigned: democracy wins.
congratulations karnataka.
congratulations deve gowdaji, kumaraswamyji, congress and others.
victory of the regional front.
the alliances cm candidate, hd kumaraswamy, also spoke to her on the phone and invited her for the swearing-in ceremony on monday, the trinamool congress president later said in another tweet.
banerjees rival, the communist party of india (marxist) general secretary sitaram yechury, who was among the leaders in touch with jd(s) chief hd deve gowda and encouraged him to ally with the congress, tweeted, the corrupt and criminal designs of the bjp have been defeated.
this shows the governors decision to invite the bjp to form a government was mala fide and against his constitutional mandate.
yechury has also advocated an understanding with the congress within his own party.
manoj jha, rajya sabha mp from the rashtriya janata dal (rjd), said there were significant takeaways from the karnataka elections for parties that wanted to challenge the bjp.
the first message is that on the basis of vote share, the congress and the dominant regional party of the state have to decide who will occupy the front line and who will occupy the second line in each state.
the second lesson is that we need to offer an alternative programme.
the third is that we must make elections issue-, and not personality-centred.
when asked if these lessons offered a model for 2019, jha reiterated, the broad model is the player best positioned to take on bjp in a state has to do so.
for instance, in madhya pradesh or rajasthan or chhattisgarh, it is the congress.
but they must take into account civil society groups and social formations.
in other states, it could be regional parties with congress playing the supportive role.
this balance is what analysts flag on the issue of a federal front against the bjp.
milan vaishnav, political scientist at carnegie endowment for international peace, said, this victory marks a turning point for the congress only if it learns the right lesson: it needs the help of coalition allies.
it must subordinate its own ego and standing in service of a larger good.
this will likely not be a national enterprise, but a state-by-state one.
congress is not used to playing second fiddle.
it must learn.
sanjay kumar of the centre for the study of developing societies said the biggest takeaway from karnataka is precisely the sign from the congress to the rest of the opposition parties that it is open to all adjustments to keep the bjp out.
this signal was missing in the past.
there were instead indications they want to lead.
what you see now is an energised opposition, and a strong desire among many of the constituents to form a coalition.
zoya hasan, a political scientist who has extensively studied the congress, agreed.
what i found significant is that the congress was willing to accept kumaraswamy as (karnataka) chief minister.
this shows that the party is willing to stoop to conquer.
in 2019, what the opposition will need is adjustment at the level of each state and then a post-poll alliance.
i dont see a pan-india front at the pre-poll stage.
rajya sabha mp and head of bjp media cell, anil baluni said, we are already fighting in different states the parties who propose to form a federal front against the bjp.
we are challenging mamatabanerjee in bengal, lalu prasad in bihar, telugu desam party (tdp) in andhra pradesh.
they do not have base outside their state.
do you think the tdp will go to bengal or lalu to tamil nadu?
such a front will not pose any challenge.
asansol was a prestige fight for west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee , whose trinamool congress party fielded sreemati dev varma, popularly known as moon moon sen to contest bharatiya janata partys babul supriyo, who had in 2014.
asansol was one of the eight lok sabha seats that went to polls on april 29; the state, which has 42 seats has already seen voting for 10 seats in the past three phases of the ongoing general elections.
the remaining 24 will go to polls over the next three phases of the seven-phased elections, which end on may 19.
a first information report was registered against supriyo on monday for reportedly threatening a presiding officer inside a polling booth.
supriyo, 49, came under attack allegedly from tmc supporters in barabani, and his car was vandalised.
in turn, tmc alleged that one of their workers was beaten up by bjp supporters.
babul supriyo entered the booth without taking permission from the presiding officer.
the bjp candidate initially threatened the tmc polling agent.
when an altercation broke out between supriyo and the tmc polling agent, the presiding officer tried to intervene.
supriyo then turned his ire against the presiding officer.
following the direction from the ec, a police complaint has been lodged and subsequently an fir was registered against the bjp candidate, said a senior officer attached to the ceo in kolkata who did not wish to be named.
asansol is peopled by coal mine workers, blue collar workers in industrial units, hindi speaking people and local bengalis.
the constituency has a total electorate of 1.
6 million.
a day after the lok sabha elections ended and exit polls predicted gains for the sp-bsp alliance in uttar pradesh, samajwadi party president akhilesh yadav called on his bahujan samaj party counterpart mayawati at her residence in lucknow on monday.
the two leaders met to discuss the likely political scenario in view of the exit poll results and made a constituency-wise assessment of the sp-bsp alliances performance and decided to opt for the wait and watch policy till the actual results were out, sources said.
the meeting went on for about an hour at the mall avenue residence of mayawati.
later, akhilesh yadav posted a photograph of the meeting on twitter post with the caption: now, getting ready for the next step.
political observers say akhilesh may be hinting at the possible post-poll alliance attempts or the sp-bsp alliance going beyond 2019 just the way mayawati had said at the january 12 press conference where the tie-up was announced.
before the two leaders met, mayawati cancelled a scheduled trip to delhi.
the bsp said: (it) was not meant (for) any scheduled meeting with any political leader in delhi.
in a one-line statement soon after his meeting with mayawati, akhilesh yadav said: we will talk after the results on may 23.
i maintain my stand that the gathbandhan is winning 56 seats in up.
people familiar with the matter in the samajwadi party said the two leaders would now make courtesy phone calls to the non-congress leaders such as west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee or nationalist congress party chief sharad pawar.
the meeting was held three days ahead of the counting of votes and in the backdrop of efforts at opposition unity by andhra pradesh chief minister n chandrababu naidu.
naidu visited lucknow on saturday and met both akhilesh and mayawati separately.
he invited both to the may 21 opposition meeting in delhi.
however, according to a senior sp leader, both alliance partners were non-committal.
the senior sp leader said that akhilesh and mayawati were not keen on participating in any formal opposition meeting before the result day.
in uttar pradesh, the gathbandhan hopes to ride on the arithmetic based on social calculations in a bid to outclass the bjp.
the bjp and ally apna dal won 73 (71+2) of the 80 seats in uttar pradesh in 2014, and the congress two.
the sp had won five seats while mayawatis bsp failed to open its account in 2014.
for this years general election, the two parties, which were arch rivals for 24 years, joined hands in an attempt to limit the bjp.
three days after bengal bjp president dilip ghosh drew flak for personal attacks on economist amartya sen, netajis grandnephew and bjp leader chandra bose took potshots against the nobel laureate.
bose added to the ongoing controversy by alleging that the 83-year old economist has stooped low to playing dirty politics.
his contention: sen criticised the union government and prime minister in political language.
i do not entirely agree with shri #dilipghosh, but i must say that dr #amartyasen called for it by stooping low from his position of being a nobel laureate to playing dirty politics, wrote bose in facebook.
there is no question that amartya sen is one of the best economists in the world right now.
but in his statements and speeches he is speaking the language of politicians.
as an economist he could have debated and criticised the demonetization move.
but calling the move despotic and making sweeping statements against it is purely political, bose told ht.
sen refused to reply to dilip ghoshs attack and said the bjp leader is entitled to his views.
(ht photo)bose, 56, lobbied hard for the declassification of secret files on netaji subhas chandra bose and contested assembly elections in 2016 on a bjp ticket against chief minister mamatabanerjee from bhawanipore constituency in south kolkata.
bose praised sen, but questioned the efficacy of his economic theories.
while studying aboard, i was lucky to hear his lectures a couple of times.
his economic theories mainly for third world countries were great.
but has his theories ever been implemented?
if so, what was the result?
no one knows.
his ideas were leftist, added bose.
boses statements drew sharp criticism from different sections.
read: people like amartya sen spineless, can be bought or sold: west bengal bjp chief dilip ghoshthe rightists have no icons or faces.
therefore, they are targeting stalwarts like amartya sen.
repeated attacks indicate that they want to threaten these intellectuals who make the country proud.
apart from being an economist, sen has continuously worked for the poor and downtrodden, said md salim, cpi(m) lok sabha mp told ht.
they are targeting him because he categorically spoke against the ill effects of demonetisation.
sen stated that the move was wrong and hurt the people.
by attacking a person like amartya sen, bjp leaders are only losing their own prestige and are being exposed, said banerjee.
controversy began after bengal bjp president dilip ghosh on february 11, we have a nobel prize winner.
he is a bengali, he is alive.
we are very proud of that.
what has he achieved?
nobody in bengal understands this.
no one in the world understands it.
i have doubts whether he himself understands it.
ghosh alleged that such intellectuals and spineless and can be bought and sold easily.
prime minister narendra modi on sunday hit out at the opposition parties, attempting to present a united front against the bjp-led ruling coalition, pointing out to prime ministerial ambition of rival leaders.
pm modi said, when i was made a prime ministerial candidate, there was a queue for the pms post in 2014.
many wanted to become prime minister.
the queue has got a bit longer now in 2019.
modi was referring to differing voices in the opposition camp over who could be the pm if the bjp-led ruling coalition is defeated in the upcoming lok sabha elections in april-may.
watch: chowkidar is a spirit, it is a feeling: pm narendra modiduring campaign for the assembly election in karnataka last year, congress president rahul gandhi had said if the party secures majority in the national election, he is ready to become the prime minister.
recently, his sister and congress leader priyanka gandhi vadra said that rahul gandhi could be the pm if the party emerges victorious in the parliamentary elections.
at different point of time, names of west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee , samajwadi party leader mulayam singh yadav and bahujan samaj party mayawati have been projected by supporters as potential pm candidates.
mamata mamatabanerjee is believed to be in the lead as a non-bjp non-congress prime ministerial candidate.
karnataka chief minister hd kumaraswamy, in january this year, said mamatabanerjee has all the qualities to be the pm.
banerjee, on her part, has evaded a clear answer to the question on rahul gandhis prime ministerial candidature fueling speculation about her political ambition.
this has led to bjp leaders, including party president amit shah, taking a swipe at opposition unity.
shah, in his rallies, has been mocking at the opposition saying if they win there will be a prime minister for each day of the week.
chowkidar not a system but spiritpm modi, in his comeback at the congress, turned philosophical to counter chowkidar campaign.
during his interaction with supporters of bjps main bhi chowkidar drive, he said the ruling partys campaign is an extension of mahatma gandhis vision of trusteeship.
addressing people across 500 locations, pm modi said, i have tried to fulfil my responsibility as a chowkidar in the last five yearspeople pay taxes to the government and the poor have right over this money.
i had promised i would not let anyone lay their hands on it.
but there are some people who have limited intellect.
it is their problem that they cant think beyond.
chowkidar is not a system.
chowkidar is not limited to any frame.
chowkidar is a spirit.
it is a feeling, pm modi told around 5,000 supporters of bjps main bhi chowkidar drive, launched to counter the congresss chowkidar chor hai campaign.
follow live updatesthe congress launched its campaign to attack pm modi alleging malfeasance in rafale deal, a defence agreement signed between india and france.
congress president rahul gandhi alleged the pm modi scrapped the rafale deal being negotiated during the upa regime to benefit businessman anil ambani, whose reliance defence is an offset partner of dassault aviation, the french company which has got the contract to supply 36 fighter jets to india.
nation loves chowkidar, doesnt want kingson sunday, pm modi countered the congresss campaign saying, if everyone becomes chowkidar, will there be any thief to loot resources of the country?
i believe that the people of the nation love chowkidar.
they dont want raja and maharaja (kings and emperors) now.
the prime minister launched his counter campaign on march 16.
a day later, pm modi and all the ministers in his cabinet and party members changed their twitter handle by adding prefix chowkidar to support bjps poll campaign.
on march 20, pm modi addressed over 25 lakh chowkidars from across the country.
the word chowkidar (watchman) entered political lexicon of india in 2014, when modi as prime ministerial candidate of the bjp used this at an election rally.
in his inaugural speech ahead of main bhi chowkidar interaction, pm modi explained why he used the word in his election campaign.
i was new in 2014.
i had some identity as a chief minister.
my fame was mostly due to my critics.
their criticism created inquisitiveness about me.
around this time, the bjp made me its prime ministerial candidate.
against this backdrop in 2014, i had said i would be a chowkidar not the prime minister, said pm modi.
emboldened by the west bengal governments support, indian footballs traditional rivals - mohun bagan and east bengal - announced that they will not pay any franchise fee to play in the lucrative indian super league.
west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee extended full support to the maidan heavyweights, according to ifa president utpal ganguli, who had a meeting with the cm.
mamata has promised to give full support to the clubs and said she would do anything possible.
she asked the clubs to keep their heads held high and not compromise on the dignity.
we will not play by giving franchise fees.
its a disrespect to bengals football.
there will be no compromise in that, ganguli said.
with the last date to bid approaching fast, the two clubs officials wasted little time and met sports minister aroop biswas, who took them to the cms office in the state secretariat nabanna.
we are grateful to the cm that she called us to listen to the problem in such a short notice.
she took keen interest as she was not aware of the details.
we made her understood how theres a move to dilute the i-league and give prominence to the isl.
there are barriers for two clubs to get inducted, ganguli said, adding that they are waiting for the aiffs response.
read | isl expansion: what img-reliances move means for aiff and i-leaguethis happened less than 24 after they met with aiff secretary kushal das in new delhi with their proposal to waive off the rs 15 crore franchise fee.
the general secretary felt its a workable suggestion and will let us know in a couple of days after talking to the president praful patel.
the cm said to wait for their response but at the same time asked the two iconic clubs of bengal to keep their heads held high and not compromise on the sanctity.
we will now wait for the aiffs proposal as we have now full support of the government.
their contribution to indian football cannot be compared with a new franchise.
ganguli further said this has no relation to the bid deadline.
asked about their next move if the proposal is rejected, ganguli said: we will cross the bridge when it comes.
we now have the cms blessings.
their second concern was to shift base with atletico de kolkata being the home side.
but reportedly they are ready to shift base for first two seasons given the five-year venue exclusivity clause that was agreed upon by the isl management and atk in 2014.
the meeting lasted for about an hour and was attended by east bengal club official debabrata sarkar, secretary kalyan majumder and assistant secretary shanti ranjan dasgupta.
read | i-league, isl merger once again hits roadblockmohun bagan were represented by club secretary anjan mitra, assistant secretary srinjoy bose and finance secretary debasish dutta along with ifa president utpal ganguli.
mohun bagan meanwhile have decided to collect the bid document from mumbai tomorrow.
we want to play in the isl and have decided to collect the itb document tomorrow.
east bengal have already collected it.
we dont want to take any chances, anjan mitra said.
east bengal had picked up the itb a few day ago.
british foreign secretary boris johnson, who is on a two-day visit to india to take part in the raisina dialogue, will meet finance minister arun jaitley and minister of state for external affairs mj akbar on wednesday.
raisina dialogue is indias flagship geo-political conference organised annually by the observer research foundation (orf) in association with the ministry of external affairs.
he will also call on prime minister narendra modi.
johnsons visit comes little over two months after prime minister theresa may chose india as her first port of call outside the european union after assuming office.
a host of issues such as visas, pending extradition request, trade ties, the united kingdoms preparations to exit the european union are expected to come up in his talks with the ministers.
mobility issues are of importance to us.
we cannot separate free movement of people from the free flow of goods, services and investments, an indian official said.
india has been raising its concern related to visa and migration with the uk for some time now.
in the past five years, the number of indian students studying in the uk has come down from 40,000 to 20,000 due to the change in the visa rules on post-study work.
india is an important country for the uk.
and curbing the flow of good minds, whether they are students or skilled workers, is not good for the uk, s irudayarajan, migration expert and a long-time consultant for the government on mobility issues, said.
the extradition cases are another important issue.
liquor baron vijay mallya, who is facing a loan default case of over rs 9,000 crore, left in march last year and is reportedly living in london.
the former rajya sabha mp is wanted by the enforcement directorate (ed).
the indian government suspended his diplomatic passport after a special court in mumbai issued non-bailable warrants against him.
a group of banks led by the state bank of india (sbi) has already rejected his offer to repay part of the dues and told the supreme court they wanted him to return to india so they could negotiate with him personally over the total amount owed by him.
johnson is expected to brief the indian side on the uks plan to move out of european union, an important matter for indian companies who see the uk as a gateway to europe.
indian officials maintained any talks on a free trade area will start only after the uk leaves eu.
johnson will meet business leaders on thursday and will also visit kolkata and call on bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjee.
he will also visit maidan park and interact with cricketers and representatives of the cricket association of bengal (cab).
prime minister narendra modi on thursday sharpened his attack on the opposition and said afraid of defeat in the elections they are spreading lies.
pm modi said opposition unity will become a thing of the past once the results of the lok sabha elections are declared.
tukde-tukde gang is worried that it will break if were back in power, he said at a rally in bihar.
leaders from various opposition parties, including delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal and trinamool congress chief mamatabanerjee , have said that there might be no elections if the bjp wins the lok sabha elections.
follow live updatespm modi said the opposition is scared because once the bjp comes back to power their corruption will be finished.
when modi comes back again then their corruption will be completely finished, their dynastic politics will be finished, their loot in name of poor will stop, their politics of case and religion will stop, he added.
the prime minister said his government has been making efforts to bolster the quota system introduced by baba saheb ambedkar.
they are saying that if modi comes to power again, elections would be done away with.
all constitutional bodies will be under threat.
and reservations will be done away with.
the fact remains, this chowkidar of yours has been making all efforts to strengthen the quota system introduced by baba saheb ambedkar, modi said.
in may 2014, it took four hours of counting before india grasped the momentous significance of a verdict that broke the 25-year record of no single party securing a clear majority on its own.
on thursday, the more emphatic reiteration of the 2014 verdict was evident just two hours into counting.
the final tally took longer to emerge and the suspense over a few seats where the margins were wafer thin continued late into the night but there was no ambiguity over india voting in one direction.
the magnitude of what is being called tsunamo was evident after the exit polls.
however, this gale force escaped detection by those who chose to view the election in terms of caste alignments and arithmetic aggregation.
the importance of leadership and focussed direction  the two most important attributes of prime minister narendra modi  to the electorate were insufficiently grasped.
also seriously underestimated, by rahul gandhi and mamatabanerjee at least, was the popular faith in the integrity and selflessness of chowkidar modi and the simmering resentment against the culture of entitlement.
modi had been in power for five years but during his tenure he consciously projected himself as a figure out to break a rotten status quo.
he was able to blend the projection of continuity with a very strong anti-establishment flavour  witness his asides against the naamdars (dynasts) and the khan market gang.
the miscalculations of the opposition, not least of which was its inability to either address or resolve the question of who would lead any alternative coalition arrangement, can explain why the challenge to the bharatiya janata party (bjp) fizzled out inside the polling booths.
however, bjp workers across the country reported that the campaign for the modi governments re-election rested more on a groundswell than on the partys organisational rigour.
in states such as west bengal, where the bjp performed spectacularly well, even the absence of polling agents inside booths didnt have any bearing on the final vote.
people voted for modi because he appealed to them.
in 2014, modi was still a hazy figure to large sections of the electorate.
he was more known to the bjp faithful than to people whose interest in politics was confined to the two months before an election.
no doubt the campaign and sustained tv exposure helped project his charisma but, overall, his appeal was still patchy.
in this election, modi was a known commodity.
five years of sustained media exposure ensured that there was no corner of india where he was unknown.
people either liked what they saw or recoiled in horror; there was no ambiguity.
the csds-lokniti post-poll survey indicates that 44  of voters approved of him.
the approval rating rose to 49  for voters in the 18-25 year group.
this may explain why the pms rallies often resembled rock concerts and carried so much energy and enthusiasm.
the anti-corruption credentials of the government played a big role in modi being seen as an instrument of both change and modernity.
the post-poll survey also revealed that endorsement of modi was as high as 50  among hindu voters.
this, along with the 62  support among upper castes and 53  among backward castes have often been interpreted to mean that the bjp succeeded by stoking majoritarian hindu impulses.
no doubt there was a strong undercurrent of hindu nationalism among bjp voters.
interestingly this was marked in the partys new areas of growth, particularly west bengal.
however, this was a passive element of the campaign.
the intersection of national pride and hindu pride was marked after the balakot air strikes.
it brought a bout of national assertiveness to the top of the agenda.
but it is facile to attribute the national democratic alliance-bjp victory to a kneejerk outpouring of hate against the national enemy.
over the past four years, but particularly after the bihar debacle of 2016, there has been a sustained attempt by the bjp leadership to enlarge the social bases of the party.
unlike the atal behari vajpayee government where governance and political mobilisation were detached, the modi government took exceptional care to link the delivery of its welfare schemes to the need to shift the social centre of the bjp lower down the economic ladder.
today, the perception of the bjp as a party of the urban middle classes, with a preponderance of traders, is a complete caricature.
in this election, the bjp was able to cream off a significant slice of poor voters from both the congress and regional caste-based parties, enough to make a big difference to the final outcome.
however, what paid the party the biggest dividend was its ability to convert a parliamentary election into a presidential one.
this was a well-crafted approach which the opposition understood but could only respond with platitudinous gibberish such as invoking the idea of india.
modi invoked it far better and in a language people understood.
the opposition didnt win the battle for the bjp but they certainly did help immeasurably in showcasing what the party faithful hated.
she, however, asked the police to take steps to stop cow smuggling in the border district of north 24-parganas at any cost.
the police should take stern action to put an end to it.
cattle smuggling in north 24-parganas district bordering bangladesh is a sensitive issue with the bharatiya janata party (bjp) accusing the trinamool congress (tmc) government in the state of not doing enough to put an end to the illegal trade.
banerjee asked the police to deal sternly with communal flare-ups, while accusing the bjp of making efforts to incite communal violence in the state.
the police should keep its eyes and ears open.
if someone tries to incite communal violence, beat up both the parties.
do not spare anybody, irrespective of the persons political affiliations.
the bjp is trying to incite communal violence in the state, she said.
speaking on the ban on sale and purchase of cattle at animal markets for the purpose of slaughter, she asked the district administration to ensure that no one followed the centres notification in that regard.
the holy month of ramzan is on.
everybody has the right to observe religious festivals.
just like durga puja, kali puja and christmas, eid is also observed in our state.
what one will eat, is his or her choice.
no one has the right to dictate it.
do not follow that (centres) order, the state has not issued any such order, she said.
the administration should ensure that there was no confusion regarding the issue, the tmc supremo told the officials at the meeting.
on monday, she denounced the centres notification saying it was a deliberate attempt to encroach on the states rights and destroy the federal structure.
mamata had also said her government would challenge the notification.
bangladesh prime minister sheikh hasina will be the first head of government of a foreign country to be present on the dais of visva-bharati on friday.
incidentally, mamatabanerjee will also be the first chief minister of bengal to be present on the dais along with indian prime minister narendra modi, who is chancellor of the central university.
west bengal governor keshari nath tripathi, who is the rector of the institution, and vice chancellor sabujkali sen will also be present on the dais.
read: bengal govt readies defence on rohingya issue ahead of modi-hasina meeti was not even aware that i will the first chief minister to be present on the dais during convocation.
it has been 42 years since a bengal chief minister attended a convocation at visva bharati.
in 1976, former chief minister siddharttha shankar roy attended the ceremony.
this time around, the chief minister will be on the dais.
but as far as i can remember, roy attended the convocation but did not sit on the dais, sen said.
the tradition is being broken for the first time, the vice chancellor said.
after the convocation, which will take around an hour, modi, hasina and mamatabanerjee would attend the inauguration of the bangladesh bhavan at santiniketan.
this will be followed by a meeting between the two prime ministers.
read: activists write to pmo to raise atreyee river issue during hasina visitbengal government officials said mamatabanerjee may be invited to be present at the meeting between the two prime ministers.
if she attends it, possibilities are high that crucial issues such as teesta water accord and influx of rohingya refugees will be discussed, said a senior bureaucrat accompanying the chief minister on conditions of anonymity.
this will be a meeting between the prime ministers.
i cannot say now if i will be there.
it is probable.
however, i would have a meeting with sheikh hasina in kolkata on saturday evening.
but i do not think there will be a discussion on teesta water accord.
we have many issues to talk about.
she is very affectionate towards me and i love her very much, said banerjee.
banerjee was, however, unhappy that the university will not give away the desikottam awards, which is usually done during the convocation ceremony.
this is unfortunate.
it is visva bharatis highest award.
had the award function taken place, the convocation would have been more significant, said banerjee.
sabujkali sen said the bangladesh bhavan project was initiated after hasina expressed her wish to construct a structure that would strengthen the cultural ties between the two countries much on the one lines of china bhavan and japan bhavan.
the entire cost, which is around rs 25 crore, has been borne by the bangladesh government but bisva bharati will look after it, sen said.
the architecture is a blend of contemporary and old designs, with the exterior walls having terracotta designs.
it has a huge auditorium, two seminar halls, a museum, a photo- gallery and a cafetaria.
as the political competition heats up for 2019, there is a growing sense in the opposition that political space has opened up.
the bharatiya janata party (bjp) remains the dominant, almost hegemonic, party in the indian political theatre.
but it does not look as invincible as it did a year ago, after its resounding victory in uttar pradesh.
bypoll successes in rajasthan, uttar pradesh and bihar in particular have emboldened opposition parties.
they also believe that given that the bjp peaked in north, central and west india, it would be difficult for the party to replicate the performance.
but this is coupled with realism.
narendra modis personal popularity remains high; the bjps organisation remains robust; its power is spread across states; and even with a dip in numbers, the party may well be the largest force in the next parliament.
and that is why if the opposition is fragmented, it has little chance of success.
the effort, therefore, in the past few months in the opposition camp, has been two-fold: stitch up as broad a pre-poll alliance as possible in each state and at the national level; and ensure channels are open among all non-bjp parties to forge a post-poll alliance if necessary.
but this is not an abstract process.
it requires individuals with the relationships across party lines to reach out and reconcile interests and ambitions; it requires individuals with political stature who will command respect.
harkishan singh surjeet, the former general secretary of the communist party of india (marxist), was one such leader.
he played a crucial role in the formation of the united front governments after 1996; he also ensured that the left front supported the congress in 2004.
in both cases, his ambition was straightforward : keeping out the bjp.
he harboured little personal ambition of his own and that helped, for other leaders did not feel insecure of him.
many in the opposition today seek to play this role.
telangana chief minister, k chandrashekhar rao, has been engaged in political consultations with leaders as varied as dmks mk stalin and samajwadi partys akhilesh yadav.
west bengal chief minister, mamatabanerjee , sees herself as the key anchor of the alliance which will take on the bjp.
sharad pawar  the veteran political leader and strategist  is working to convince the congress to shed its arrogance towards regional parties and regional parties to recognise the congresss centrality.
mayawati is quietly building alliances with regional players  be it the janata dal (secular) in karnataka or the inld in haryana.
indias opposition is looking for a modern day surjeet, but with one crucial difference.
all the modern aspirants want the top job for themselves.
besides getting the numbers, managing individual ambitions will be their big challenge in 2019.
i think there will be a hung situation in karnataka with congress and bjp both getting seats that are comparable.
in a situation, the role of hd deve gowda will become crucial.
he can win 28-30 seats.
the trinamool congress chief, who, over the past few months, has been trying to cobble together an anti-bjp front of regional parties in the run-up to the 2019 lok sabha elections.
referring to congress president rahul gandhis recent statement that he can be the prime minister (after the 2019 lok sabha elections), she said, he is a congressman and has stated the position of his party.
there is nothing wrong in what he said.
she predicted bjp reached its peak in 2014 lok sabha elections, and the general elections next year will witness an erosion of its support base.
this year there are important elections in the states of karnataka, rajasthan, madhya pradesh and chattisgarh.
bjp will go downhill, she said.
in uttar pradesh, if mayawati and mulayam singh yadav unite, 50 to 60 seats will go to the alliance.
in bihar, no matter how much you put lalu prasad yadav in jail, he will do well, i believe.
dmk will be a factor in tamil nadu.
i will not be surprised if they win 38 out of 39 seats, remarked the bengal chief minister.
bjp cannot win elections in maharashtra, telangana, odisha, tamil nadu of any other parties in the south, where the regional parties are extremely strong.
if the regional parties get united and form a government, there will be political stability in the country, and the regional parties can make congress and bjp rectify their flaws, she said.
i consider myself as a servant of the people.
i would be happy to see bengal playing a big role in the nations affairs.
underground gorkhaland janmukti morcha leader bimal gurung said on thursday he was not leading any separatist movement as claimed by his rivals and that he was ready for a dialogue with west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjee.
the leader, with 381 criminal cases filed against him during june-september agitation for statehood, said in an interview in new delhi that his demand was within the ambit of indian constitution and the gorkhas will remain part of this country till their last breath.
dialogue is the solution and i am ready to talk to mamatabanerjee if she approaches the issue with an open mind, gurung said.
he added that the fight for the identity of gorkha people will continue in a peaceful and democratic manner, despite regressive action by the police and local administration.
i am ready to face a probe by an independent agency, he said, terming the state polices action as motivated.
darjeeling was on the boil for over three months last year with the gjm launching a violent agitation over its demand for a separate gorkhaland state to be carved out of west bengals northern hill districts.
the state government managed to quell the movement and installed binay tamang, once a close aide of gurung, as chief of the board of administrators for the hills.
while the state government claims to have restored normalcy, it seems only temporary with gurungs dominance still continuing.
the gjm, the leading political force in the hills for over a decade, is an ally of the bharatiya janata party-led national democratic alliance.
indiaupdated: aug 17, 2019 15:18 isttwo bangladeshi citizens were killed and another injured in a bizarre late- friday-night road accident in south kolkata when a jaguar travelling at high speed hit a mercedes sedan which was flung on a kolkata police traffic post killing the victims who had taken shelter under it from rain.
the traffic post was uprooted from its concrete base due to the ferocity of the impact.
the dead identified as kazi mohammad mainul alam (36) and farhana islam tania (28) were standing under the shed of the traffic post along with another bangladeshi who is reported to have escaped with injuries in the impact.
the accident took place around 1:50 am, only a few metres from the shakespeare sarani police station.
hearing the impact, cops came running out and took the injured to the hospital, where the two were declared dead, said a police officer, who refused to be identified.
an official of bangladesh deputy high commission in kolkata said that kazi mohammad, a resident of jhinaidaha in bangladesh was in kolkata for eye treatment and farhana islam tania used to work for citibank.
we have not been able to speak to the third person, who, we gather, was released after treatment, said the bangladeshi official.
policemen say they have identified the owner of the jaguar bearing registration number - wb20au9797.
the vehicle belonged to a biryani outlet on park street.
we have identified the owner.
the culprit would be arrested shortly, said an officer.
the jaguar was speeding at over 100 km per hour at the time of the accident.
the absconding driver has been booked for culpable homicide not amounting to murder and rash driving along with some sections of the motor vehicles act.
according to the police, the occupants of the mercedes were also injured but were released after initial treatment.
police officers did not reveal their identity.
the bodies of the two victims who had come to kolkata about two weeks ago are likely to be handed over on saturday evening.
the bodies are at the morgue of the sskm hospital, the bangladeshi official said.
only on august 15 night, the son of bharatiya janata party mp roopa ganguly was arrested for rash driving when his car hit a wall in golf garden area of south kolkata.
however, none was injured in that accident.
vehicles, speeding especially at night, are a headache for the city administration.
chief minister mamatabanerjee has been personally monitoring a road safety programme over the past two years.
indiaupdated: sep 03, 2019 08:35 isttrinamool congress (tmc) on monday decided to hold an agitation against the exclusion of about 19 lakh names from the national register of citizens (nrc) in assam with chief minister mamatabanerjee set to lead a rally in kolkata on september 12.
before that separate rallies would be held in all the states 341 blocks on september 7 and 8, it was decided at a meeting held at a place close to the chief ministers residence in kalighat that was attended by all mps, district presidents and ministers and district coordinators of didike bolo public outreach campaign.
political strategist prashant kishor, whose indian political action committee (i-pac) was roped in by the tmc in june after the lok sabha elections setback, was also present at the meeting.
the party will organise agitations protesting harassment of genuine indian citizens due to the nrc in assam at every community development block of west bengal over september 7 and 8 and a central protest rally will be taken out in kolkata on september 12, said tmc rajya sabha member sukhendu sekhar ray.
during the meeting, the party also decided to better its present coordination with political parties active in the northeast.
sayantan basu, general secretary of the state unit of the bharatiya janata party said, right now we are busy holding interactive sessions with intellectuals in every district of bengal on nrc and abrogation of article 370.
ahead of durga puja we will take out rallies demanding citizenship for hindus from bangladesh and push back of bangladeshi muslim infiltrators into bangladesh.
didi also instructed the partys lawmakers (mps and mlas) to cooperate with cbi and other investigative agencies in the probes into the ponzi scam and the narada sting operation.
she asked that none should avoid summons by central agencies, said a lok sabha member, who spoke on condition of anonymity.
over a dozen mps and mlas are facing investigation by cbi and the enforcement directorate in connection with ponzi scams such as saradha and rose valley and narada sting operation.
for bengal, the tmc chief has also asked the partys district unit presidents to ensure that the members of the parliament and the state assembly do not leave their respective localities during the puja festivities.
didi has instructed that no elected public representative should go on vacation during the festive month of october, when durga puja will be followed by laxmi puja and kali puja, said a district unit president who did not want to be identified.
snehasis chakraborty, the tmc legislator from jangipara and the newly-appointed coordinator for didike bolos hooghly district programmes, said that the tmc chief has strictly instructed party leaders and workers against politicising the puja.
we have been asked to stand by the people during the festive season but have been categorically instructed against putting up the partys flag or any banner containing the partys name in and around the puja pandals.
the message is clear  we have to help people in hassle-free organisation of the community pujas, without involving the partys name, chakraborty said.
rahul gandhi has always had the image of being a reluctant leader.
he is 47, but chanakya has heard enough people in delhis political circles still referring to him as a boy, although this may well have more to do with the relative age of indian politicians in general than any disrespect for the man.
prime minister narendra modi is 67, a full two decades older.
in general, indian politicians arent supposed to hit their stride till they are well into their 50s.
bharatiya janata party president amit shah, at 53, is considered young.
gandhi also has the image of a part-time politician, perhaps because of his frequent (although not as frequent as his political rivals would have us believe) holidays or breaks from work.
it has become important for a political leader to be 24x7x365, especially in the context of the bjp, an always-on political party which approaches every election, small and big, with similar intensity.
the most energetic manifestation of this, of course, is the prime minister, who remains the bjps ace in the holethat was then, though.
for several months now, starting from before the gujarat elections, gandhi has seemed a different person.
some bjp leaders attribute this to a tendency among liberals, the preferred four-letter word of the modi administration, and liberal media to talk up a rival to modi ahead of the general elections in 2019.
other, more neutral political analysts, put it down to growing fatigue with the national democratic alliance (nda) government in the run-up to the polls.
and, of course, a few link it to actual, real, on-the-ground change in gandhi.
some members of the congress believe the second theory is closer to the truth.
one of gandhis associates told chankaya, rahul hasnt changed; you guys have.
but something had changed in gandhi.
his campaigns in gujarat and karnataka were intense.
he addressed 30 rallies in gujarat, scores of smaller meetings, and visited 12 temples; in karnataka, he had addressed over 100 rallies and meetings till the end of campaigning on thursday.
he has spent much of the past few months (24 days across eight legs) in the state.
meanwhile, his and his partys messaging has improved, becoming more uniform and cogent, and largely lacking in the kind of gaffes that did neither party nor man any good in the past.
and unlike in the past, the congress seems to have learned how to use local factors to its advantage.
in gujarat, this took the form of the h-a-j partnership with patidar leader hardik patel, backward classes leader alpesh thakor, and dalit leader jignesh mevani.
in karnataka, this has taken the form of respecting the strengths of local leader, karnataka chief minister siddaramaiah.
finally, gandhis party seems to have got its head around how modern-day campaigns, online and offline, are run.
on may 8, gandhi indicated, for the first time, his willingness to be prime minister.
for 10 years, between 2004 and 2014, and especially after the congress-led united progressive alliances surprise win in 2009, which many attributed to him, gandhi steadfastly refused to be part of the union cabinet.
gandhis readiness to take the top job changes several dynamics.
it signals the beginning of a straightforward mano-e-mano fight at the hustings with prime minister narendra modi.
the two, to state the obvious, are very different people, and not just from the popular kaamdar vs naamdar (worker vs dynast) line the prime minister has grown very fond of in recent weeks.
modi is by far the better orator, and also has an earthy sense of humour that connects well with the audience, but gandhi does come across as more sincere and approachable.
perhaps this is because modi is on the campaign trail so much that at least some of his oratory looks like a stump speech.
gandhi, unlike modi, has no administrative experience.
he hasnt run either a state or a ministry, and it is only a few months since he started running a party.
that isnt much of a resume in terms of the work experience required to run a country and could pose a problem even with the congress own allies, current and potential.
in uttar pradesh, which sends the most representatives to parliament, the samajwadi party and the bahujan samaj party, look likely to fight together in the polls.
bsp leader mayawati has prime ministerial aspirations, as does another leader who is trying to build a federal front against the bjp, the trinamool congress chief and west bengal chief minister, mamatabanerjee banerjee.
with the possible exception of the samajwadi partys akhilesh yadav, many of these leaders see themselves as peers of former congress president and rahuls mother sonia gandhi, whose mandate now is to manage relationships with existing and future partners.
and the congress will need partners.
while it is certain that the congress will better its 2014 tally of 44 lok sabha seats in 2019, it is unlikely to be in a position to have, on its own, the minimum numbers required to form a government.
indeed, even with partners, it will be a challenge to derail the bjp juggernaut.
still, stranger things have happened in politics and 2004 is still far too recent (and shocking) for anyone to have forgotten it.
if that happens, gandhi may be willing; he may even, giving him the benefit of the doubt, be able, but will he be acceptable?
the supreme court on tuesday granted bail to the bjp leader jailed for sharing a meme of west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjee.
the top court ordered priyanka sharma to apologise for her comments.
subject to priyanka sharma tendering an apology in writing for putting up an objectionable picture on facebook account, she shall be immediately released.
at the time of release, she shall tender an apology in writing, a vacation bench comprising justices indira mamatabanerjee and sanjiv khanna said, news agency ani reportedpriyanka sharmas plea was mentioned before the bench for an urgent hearing on monday.
the court had agreed to hear it on tuesday.
priyanka sharma had moved the sc on monday.
the bjp yuva morcha leader, allegedly shared on facebook a photo in which banerjees face has been photoshopped on to actor priyanka chopras picture from the met gala event in new york.
her arrest was followed by protests from bjp and other social media users.
west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on saturday alleged that the four senior police officers transferred by the election commission on friday was at the behest of the opposition bharatiya janata party (bjp) leaders.
while she made the allegations at two election rallies in north bengal, state bjp president dilip ghosh said, this is only the beginning.
more officers will be transferred because they are the ones who conduct polls for the trinamool congress.
if the bjp thinks that by transferring my officers they would make me weak, they are mistaken.
those who have replaced these officers are also my officers.
they cannot put me down so easily.
the bjp has submitted a list of 51 administrative and police officers who are performing poll duties in 26 lok sabha constituencies to the election commission accusing them of acting as tmc cadres.
bengal has 42 lok sabha seats.
this list (of officers who were removed on friday) is just the beginning.
more will be coming shortly.
no police officer who is tainted, corrupt and a lackey (of the ruling party) would be allowed to participate in the election process, said dilip ghosh, while conducting campaign in malda district.
we want that the ec should deploy central forces in sufficient numbers, and remove all officers, including cops, who played partisan roles in the past so that people get the confidence to come out and vote, said congress rajya sabha mp and past president of bengal pradesh congress pradip bhattacharya.
in a letter to the bengal chief secretary on friday, the ec ordered immediate removal of kolkata top cop anuj sharma, bidhan nagar police commissioner gyanwant singh and the superintendent of police of birbhum district, shyam singh, and p s selvamurugan, the superintendent of diamond harbour police district.
the ec letter also said that compliance report must be filed within 24 hours.
diamond harbour happens to be the constituency from where mamatabanerjee banerjees nephew abhishek mamatabanerjee is contesting.
opposition leaders have frequently alleged partisan behaviour against the administration in birbhum district, where, in may 2018, the ruling party won all 42 zilla parishad seats without a contest.
the poll panel appointed rajesh kumar, additional director general, pollution control board, as the kolkata police commissioner.
natarajan ramesh babu was appointed the commissioner of bidhan nagar police, avannu ravindranath the police superintendent of birbhum district and shrihari pandey, the superintendent of diamond harbour police district.
anuj sharma and gyanwant singh were among a few police officers seen by the side of chief minister mamatabanerjee , when she started a dharna at esplanade in kolkata on the night of february 3 to protest the attempt by a team of central bureau of investigation officers to enter the residence of former kolkata police commissioner rajeev kumar to question him on his alleged involvement in the saradha ponzi scam.
other senior officers seen at the spot, along with the chief minister, included director general of police, virendra, and former kolkata police chief rajeev kumar.
while virendra remains dgp, the state government, on february 19, had appointed kumar the additional director general of police and inspector general of police in the cid.
the union home ministry took a stern view of the presence of the senior police officers at the chief ministers sit-in and in the first week of february wrote to the bengal chief secretary saying the officers had violated provisions of the all india service conduct rules.
mumbaiupdated: jul 30, 2019 00:35 istthe nationalist congress party (ncp), which is struggling to keep its flock together, began talks with raj thackerays maharashtra navnirman sena (mns) for alliance in the upcoming state polls on monday.
state ncp president jayant patil held a meeting with mns chief raj thackeray in mumbai on monday.
peasants and workers party of india (pwp) leader jayant patil and swabhimani paksha leader raju shetti were also present at the meeting that was held at the state ncp chiefs napean sea road residence.
what transpired in the meeting will be declared very soon, patil said.
we had informal talks on the alliance, as we want to bring all parties that are against the bjp and shiv sena together, said a senior leader.
ncp insiders said they are in favour of taking the mns along.
our stand was the same during the recent lok sabha elections.
it was the congress that had opposed the move, he said.
a section of ncp leaders believe mnss support will make the opposition strong in urban areas such as mumbai, thane, kalyan-dombivli, pune and nashik.
there are some 25 assembly seats, where the mns will have a direct impact, said a senior ncp leader.
pwp leader jayant patil said the meeting was on the issue of electronic voting machine (evm).
we want ballot paper back for the elections, the pwp leader said.
raju shetti recently said his party would go solo in the upcoming state assembly elections, if prakash ambedkar-led vanchit bahujan aghadi (vba) and raj thackerays mns were not taken on board in the opposition front.
meanwhile, thackeray will meet west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee this week, seeking her support for his campaign against the use of evms.thackeray will reach the state on tuesday night, and will visit various sites in kolkata on wednesday.
he will meet the cm on thursday.
rajsaheb wants to seek her support for his back to paper ballot demand for the maharashtra assembly elections.
as she is a powerful regional leader, her support will be vital, said an mns leader.
opening yet another front of confrontation with the centre, bengal government is unwilling to share crucial information on narcotics in the state.
the state government has directed the state excise department not to share any information with the central agency, narcotics control bureau (ncb) unless cleared by the chief ministers office (cmo).
this means that ncb, which always operate in coordination with state excise departments concerned, will face major hurdles in operating in west bengal.
our coordination with ncb is related to sharing of information of illegal cultivation of poppy, the principal raw material for manufacture of drugs like opium, cocaine and heroine, in different pockets of the state, following which joint raids are conducted to destroy the illegal poppy.
but last week a clear instruction has been given to us that in case ncb asks for any report from us, we should share the same with the central agency only after clearance from cmo, said a senior state excise department official, on condition of anonymity.
the relation between prime minister narendra modi and bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee is passing through a historic low.
(ht photo)state finance minister dr amit mitra, who is also the state excise minister was incommunicado, and so was his departmental secretary h k dwivedi.
in similar move in the last week of december 2016, the state government directed the state police directorate not to send any report to the union home ministry on the states law and order situation unless cleared by the cmo.
such multi-layered sharing of information between central and state agencies is being viewed as threat for national security, considering the fact west bengal excise department has witnessed earnest preparations on the ground for illegal cultivation of poppy in the bangladesh-bordering district of malda, which was also known as the national of hub of fake indian currency notes.
this is an undesirable example of mistrust and animosity in a federal structure.
.
.
bengal and centre had been in politically opposite directions since 1977.
but was never routine exchange of information compromised, said a city-based political analyst.
opening another front in her fight against prime minister narendra modi on demonetisation, west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on wednesday accused him of removing crucial files related to the notes ban.
she also alleged that demonetisation was a ploy to transform white money into black and black money into white.
crucial files are being removed by narendra modi and his office.
we will get to know the magnitude of the scam only after modi is ousted from office.
this demonetisation is nothing but a ploy to change white money into black and black money into white, she told a rally outside the rbi office here.
mamata urged the reserve bank of india authorities to stand up against the anti-people modi government and reveal the amount of money provided to various states after high-value currency notes were taken off circulation.
claiming that the cbi was being used to victimise her party because it raised its voice against demonetisation, the trinamool congress chief accused the central investigating agency of using former employees of saradha and rose valley chit fund companies to create back offices in order to come up with false evidence to implicate tmc leaders in the scam.
the tmc has been staging a 72-hour sit-in outside the rbi office here against demonetisation since january 9.
the rbi was kept in the dark about the decision.
it should stand up against the modi government and reveal the real reasons behind demonetisation.
she alleged that only modi and two-three of his associates were aware of the decision to scrap old rs 500 and rs 1,000 currency notes.
read| trinamool mps met president, urge to intervene against modis super emergencybanerjee indirectly hit out at a section of industrialists and officials close to modi, describing them as part of modis team behind the demonetisation decision.
they (modi government) have turned the cbi into the conspiracy bureau of india and are using it for pursuing vendetta politics.
the cbi has created a back office to come up with false evidence against our leaders to implicate them in chit fund cases, she alleged.
the tmc chief was referring to the cbis arrest of two of her party mps, sudip bandyopadhyay and tapas pal, in connection with the rose valley chit fund scam.
mamata alleged that the cpi(m) had entered into a political match-fixing with the bjp as it was under the left rule that the chit funds had mushroomed in the state.
it was during the cpi(m) regime that rose valley and saradha chit funds came into being.
what were the sebi and rbi doing then?
several top cpi(m) leaders were involved in the chit fund business but none of them was summoned.
it only shows that the cpi(m) and the bjp have teamed up in bengal, she said.
opposition parties trained their guns on state election commissioner (sec) ak singh with the cpi(m) and the congress accusing him of conniving with the trinamool congress following widespread violence on monday in the west bengal panchayat polls.
after 15 deaths were reported on monday, opposition leaders alleged that the casualties could have been avoided if commissioner singh did not toe the trinamool congress line and pressed for a staggered poll schedule instead of going for a single-phase polling.
since april 2, the first day of submission of nomination for the panchayat elections, a total of 30 people have been killed so far.
sec must act to restore faith in the process.
else it will be seen as complicit to trinamools project of destroying democracy.
allowing tmc to get away with throttling democracy has implications well beyond west bengal, said cpi (m) general secretary sitaram yechury.
as reports of violence and deaths started flowing in from different districts on monday, the secs office started frequent interactions with the state police bosses.
additional director general (law & order), anuj sharma started sending messages to district police superintendents to take action.
however, opposition leaders described these initiatives as farcical.
these are just an eye wash.
tomorrow, if the state government, or sec, faces any legal battle on poll violence, they have to keep some documents ready.
the election commissioner and adg (law & order) should be removed from their position.
the chief minister, too, should resign, said cpi (m) legislator tanmay bhattacharya.
since the beginning sec had been working as the stooge of trinamool congress, alleged congress legislator, abdul mannan.
bjps state president in bengal, dilip ghosh said the party would demand re-election in the districts where there had been maximum violence by ruling trinamool.
we are not sure whether the sec will work impartially and order re-polling.
but we will be persistent in our demand, ghosh said.
trinamools secretary general, partha chatterjee rubbished all allegations and said that the opposition had created trouble in pockets to malign the state government, which is evident from the murder of a number of trinamool workers.
he defended the sec saying he managed the polling process efficiently with active cooperation from trinamool and the state government.
singh has been at the centre of controversy since the beginning of the poll exercise.
in its notification on march 31, singh had announced a three-phase polling on may 1, 3 and 5.
however, after chief minister mamatabanerjee advocated polling before the islamic month of ramzan started (likely on march 16), he issued another notification switching to a single-phase schedule.
singh was also criticised by the opposition parties for not asking for central forces and reposing his faith in state police.
in the run up to the polls, the congress had moved the calcutta high court seeking quashing of the single-phase election date on may 14 on grounds of inadequate police force to ensure law and order.
the violence that the opposition parties had widely anticipated, unfolded quickly in the day to soil the secs reputation even more.
in a bid to counter the carcass meat racket, the kolkata municipal corporation (kmc) on thursday brought into force new regulations under which shopkeepers in city markets run by the civic body will not be allowed to sell any type of frozen meat as well as chicken that has not been dressed in front of customers.
sale of meat and meat products at eateries and stores in kolkata has touched an all-time low ever since it was found that meat of dead animals left in dumping grounds in four districts was sold as food by a racket operating for more than five years.
in a simultaneous development, the criminal investigation department (cid) of bengal police took over the ongoing investigation started by budge budge police station in south 24 parganas district on april 20.
the cid on thursday formed a special investigation team to take the probe forward.
read: bengal carcass meat probe: cops posed as traders to nab key players; bank accounts under scannerthe high-level committee set up by chief minister mamatabanerjee held its first meeting on thursday and instructed civic bodies across bengal to conduct surprise inspections at eateries and shops.
the committee also asked civic bodies to install close circuit cameras at all dumping grounds so that nobody can steal animal carcasses without being noticed.
banerjee formed the committee on tuesday.
the state chief secretary heads the committee which comprises the director general of bengal police, commissioner of kolkata police and principal secretaries of health, animal husbandry, panchayat and urban development departments.
read: carcass meat probe: citizens shun eateries, stores in kolkata; ngo to file pilearlier this week, the second public interest litigation (pil) on the carcass meat issue was filed by citizens for social justice, an ngo, at the calcutta high court.
arindam das, lawyer and secretary of the ngo, said the petition has prayed for not only strict laws against food adulteration but also laws that ensure safety of citizens.
the racket was first detected on april 20 at budge budge, about 28 km from kolkata.
thirteen people, including manik mukherjee, a former cpi(m) leader who was expelled by the party in 2010 and biswanath ghorui, one of the key players in the operation, have so far been arrested by budge budge police station.
the accused have been charged under sections 272, 273 and 308 of indian penal code and section 16 of prevention of food adulteration act, west bengal.
indiaupdated: aug 06, 2019 16:18 istsukhendu sekhar ray, a senior lawmaker from mamatabanerjee banerjees party trinamool congress, appeared to join the growing list of opposition leaders who backed the nda governments huge move to strip jammu and kashmir of its special status contrary to their partys stand.
decades old comedy of errors are being rectified now, sukhendu sekhar ray, who is also the trinamool congresss chief whip, tweeted after the rajya sabha passed the bill and resolution to reorganise jammu and kashmir into two union territories.
in a cryptic tweet, ray seemed to describe the nda governments kashmir initiative as a thunderbolt and wondered if more were on the way.
change is the wheel of our national life.
we are mortals.
but the nation is not.
we must not sing yesterday once more.
let it be today and tomorrow, he tweeted.
also read: we will die for kashmir, says amit shah during debate on article 370the trinamool congress had boycotted voting in the rajya sabha yesterday to protest what its senior leader derek o brien called was procedural hara-kiri and constitutional immorality.
asked if the tweet by the tmcs chief whip reflected the party stand, derek o brien pointed to a statement put out by the bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee that, he said, spelt out the party line.
in this statement, mamatabanerjee made it clear that the trinamool congress could not support or vote for the bill moved by the nda government that was being pushed through parliament without taking the stakeholders into confidence.
we cannot support this bill.
we cannot vote for this bill.
they should have spoken to all political parties and the kashmiris.
will give life for kashmir, amit shah pans congress on article 370the bengal chief minister also put out an appeal directed at the centre.
she underscored that former j&k chief ministers omar abdullah and mehbooba mufti were not terrorists and should be released in the interest of democratic institutions.
when hindustan times reached out to sukhendu sekhar ray, the senior trinamool congress mp declined to clarify on his tweet vis--vis the party line.
i have tweeted what i have.
my tweet doesnt need any clarification.
you may interpret as you wish, he said, adding that he was new to twitter and learning.
the government move on kashmir had caught opposition parties off guard on monday and struggled to put up an effective front after union home minister amit shah introduced in the house a constitutional order, a statutory resolution, and a bill, that together revoked the special status granted to the state of jammu & kashmir and its permanent residents, and also sought to bifurcate the state into two union territories.
the smooth passage of the bill signals disarray in the opposition ranks  the government is in a minority in the rajya sabha and the general expectation was that it would start having its way in the upper house only in late 2020.
instead, it has managed to pass all the bills it wanted to in the house.
but the move to revoke article 370 has also led to divisions within other opposition parties such as the congress.
after several party leaders went public calling for a rethink within the party on its stand on article 370 or welcoming the governments move, the congress has called a meeting of its top decision-making body to firm up its stand and its strategy.
west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee and her delhi counterpart arvind kejriwal will campaign for chandrababu naidus telugu desam party at a mega rally in the port town of visakhapatnam on sunday evening.
though many other leaders from the proposed grand alliance of anti-bjp parties including janata dal (secular) president deve gowda, dmk chief m k stalin, nationalist congress party president sharad pawar, rjd leader tejaswi yadav and former jammu and kashmir chief minister farooq abdulla were invited to the rally they were unable to make it due to hectic campaigning in their respective states, a tdp leader familiar with the development said.
farooq abdullah did address a series of rallies in andhra pradeshs rayalaseema region while kejriwal attended the tdp rally at vijayawada last week.
deve gowda will join the campaign for the tdp next week.
more leaders are expected to participate in various rallies to express their solidarity with the tdp, the party leader said.
the three-hour rally of the tdp will commence at indira priyadarshini municipal grounds at 5.
30 pm.
after the rally, all the three chief ministers will stay back in visakhapatnam to discuss the national scenario and work out strategies in the coming days.
like hyderabad, visakhapatnam is a cosmopolitan city with a large number of people from west bengal, odisha and northeastern states settling there for education, employment and business activities.
we are hoping that mamatas campaign would help garner their votes, the tdp leader said.
congress though is staying away from the visakhapatnam rally because the party is fighting the elections independently in all 175 assembly and 25 lok sabha constituencies in andhra pradesh.
congress president rahul gandhi is also addressing a rally in vijayawada in the afternoon, before proceeding to bangalore.
chandrababu naidu had pulled his tdp out of the nda in march 2018 alleging injustice being meted out to the state by the narendra modi government.
since then, he has been in the forefront of the proposed grand alliance (mahagathbandhan), trying to get together all opposition parties, including the congress.
the bitter battle between the centre and west bengal government is casting its shadow on other areas too.
the indian administrative service (ias) association has sought intervention of union government to ensure that more ias officers from west bengal cadre are released for central deputation.
alleging that ias officers from the west bengal cadre are increasingly losing out career progression opportunities because of the reluctance of the mamatabanerjee government in releasing officers for central deputation, the association pointed out that currently only 12 ias officers from the state are on central deputation against the states central deputation reserve (cdr) poll of 78.
read: avoid functions hosted by politicians before polls: ias body to memberswe have pleaded to union government so that it takes up the matter with the bengal government so that the number of ias officers from the state released for central deputation is at least doubled to 24 immediately, said an office bearer of the association.
according to many, the deteriorating relation between prime minister narendra modi and bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee has also cast its shadow on the movement of bureaucrats between the state and the centre.
(ht photo)it has also asked its west bengal unit to be more vocal.
unless the state unit keeps up the pressure and takes up the matter with the state government, the effort of only the national body will not be fruitful, he said.
read: senior ias officer leads by example, cleans toilet pit in telangana villagethe west bengal government, however, has its own logic for the reluctance to release officers.
the total number of vacancies of ias officers in west bengal is quite high at 101, and therefore, it is difficult to release more officers on central deputation, pointed out an officer of west bengal personnel & administrative reforms department.
this department is under the charge of chief minister mamatabanerjee herself.
ias association refuted the logic and claimed that states with even higher vacancies send more officers on central deputation.
bihar has the highest number of vacant posts of ias officers at 128.
but it has sent 41 officers on central deputation, the ias association office bearer pointed out.
besides an exposure in central ministries and crucial ministries and departments, a higher pay-band is an additional incentive for ias officers to go for central deputation.
striking junior doctors in bengal turned down chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjees invitation to their representatives for talks behind closed doors on saturday, effectively dashing hopes of an immediate resolution to the five-day-long heathcare crisis in government hospitals.
the junior doctors had struck work on tuesday to protest the brutal assault on colleagues on the nrs medical college and hospital campus the night before following the death of an octogenarian patient.
they have refused to resume work till security is provided in all government hospitals and turned a deaf ear to the chief ministers threats to take action.
hard pressed to find a way out, mamatabanerjee had invited four representatives of the protesters for talks at the state secretariat at 5 pm in the presence of five prominent doctors of the city.
but the striking doctors snubbed the chief minister.
we doubt the objectivity and safety of talks with a handful of our representatives behind closed doors.
we want the chief minister to come to nrs (medical college and hospital) and hold talks with all of us, a statement issued by nrs doctors after a general body meeting said.
subsequently, mamatabanerjee held a series of meetings with the junior health minister, chief secretary, health secretary and five veteran doctors.
we tried to break the impasse.
we failed.
we give up, said abhijit chowdhury, one of the five doctors who met the cm.
on saturday, the health department issued a directive for revamping security at all state-run hospitals.
officials aware of developments said the department proposed to deploy private security agencies that will work in coordination with the police.
the government will also install alarm systems and increase the number of security cameras at hospitals.
over the week, the doctors strike that began in bengal spread across 17 states and union territories.
resident doctors of the all india institute of medical sciences (aiims) and safdarjung hospital, who boycotted work on friday, gave mamatabanerjee a 48-hour ultimatum to meet the junior doctors demands, failing which they plan to begin an indefinite strike.
at the same time, doctors in bengal continued their resignation threat.
on saturday, as many as 40 doctors from kalyanis jnm medical college and hospital and 26 from midnapore medical college and hospital submitted letters to the authorities expressing their desire to resign.
so far, over 700 doctors have threatened to put in their papers.
on saturday afternoon, the police made security bandobast outside the institute of neurosciences in south kolkata where the chief minister was expected to visit paribaha mukherjee, the junior doctor assaulted on monday night.
but she did not show up till evening.
mukherjee is doing well and is out of danger, said p bardhan, superintendent of the institute of neurosciences.
the efforts to break the deadlock began on saturday morning with indian medical association all-india president santanu sen holding a meeting with protesters at nrs medical college and hospital, the epicentre of the agitation since monday night.
sen appealed to the strikers to speak to the chief minister.
but they got furious after sen told reporters, outsiders present in the meeting were trying to derail efforts to resolve the impasse.
even those not involved with the medical profession were present in the general body meeting with junior doctors.
they are trying to prolong the anarchy.
opposition leaders reacted sharply to the failure of the government to resolve the crisis.
the doctors defied the chief ministers ultimatum and she has acted obstinately by not visiting them, thereby causing endless trouble to the common people.
she should resign, said bharatiya janata party national secretary rahul sinha.
congress mp adhir chowdhury tweeted, common people are selling their valuables and buying expensive private healthcare, while didi is not going for talks with the doctors.
is she trying to fully privatise bengals healthcare system?
more deaths at hospitalsa three-day-old baby boy died in midnapore medical college and hospital (mmch) on saturday, as hundreds of patients continued to face hardships because of the strike.
the baby had troubled breathing since his birth on wednesday but he did not get any treatment due to the doctors agitation, said mustakin bibi, the babys grandmother.
trouble erupted in mmch after the family members placed the babys lifeless body in front of the agitating junior doctors and blamed them for the death.
policemen from kotwali police station were called in to control the situation.
mmch principal panchanan kundu said the infant had a problem in the lungs, and denied allegations of lack of treatment.
in murshidabad medical college and hospital, chandnihara bibi (51) died on saturday afternoon.
we admitted my aunt with severe breathing problems.
but the doctors didnt even administer oxygen and saline due to their strike, said faizur rahaman, a nephew of bibi.
after her death, hundreds began agitating but police restored order.
the scene at state-run medical colleges did not change much on satutrday.
outpatients departments were closed and, in some cases, emergency services, too, remained suspended.
three persons were killed in different elephant attacks this week in bengals jhargram and west midnapore districts.
on saturday morning, nilkantha mahato (75) was killed in kharikashuli area in jhargram by an elephant.
on friday, sailen mahato (33) was killed in lalgarh area of jhargram district, while 73-year-old manglu mahato lost his life in west midnapore.
both nilkantha mahato and manglu mahato were trampled by elephants when they went to respond to natures call.
on an average about 30 people are killed every year by elephants in and around jhargram, west midnapore and bankura.
forest officials claimed that villagers were jeopardising their lives by disobeying their advice.
we are asking the people that they should not go inside forests to respond to natures call, or move in the forests, especially in the morning and evening, when the elephants are roaming in the area.
but many are not paying heed to our advice, said basabraj hellaichi, the divisional forest officer (dfo) of jhargram.
however, sailen mahato lost his life when he was taking pictures, triggering an attack by elephants.
on friday, a new born elephant died in pakhibandh area of lalgarh, and sailen mahato was taking pictures of the elephants.
the angry elephant attacked him.
had he not gone close, he would not have lost his life, said sandeep berawal, the dfo of midnapore.
two others, nepal mahato and ganesh mahato, were injured when they were attacked by elephants in baghmundi area of the ayodhya hills in purulia district.
they are undergoing treatment in purulia district hospital.
every year, elephants come to this area from the dolma hills of jharkhand.
the trend started in the late eighties, when about 40-50 elephants would come and stay in the state for about three months.
but now more than 150 animals arrive and stay for about 10 months.
in the past two years, chief minister mamatabanerjee pulled up the forest department and local administration for failing to rein in instances of elephants killing human beings and destroying crops and property.
west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee is displaying selective amnesia when it comes to land movements.
the state government has imposed sections of the unlawful activities (prevention) act (uapa) against bhangar land agitators, protesting against a power project coming up on 13.
5 acres of agricultural land that the government had acquired in the south 24 parganas district.
initially, the government told the farmers it will set up a sub-station, but it now plans to install a sf6-gas insulated power grid, claim villagers.
not just are they upset about alleged coercion to part with their farmland, they havent even been compensated adequately they say.
read: the bhangar land row shows that mamatas land acquisition model has failedthe uapa has been slapped on two leaders of cpi(ml)(red star), an ultra left outfit and nine villagers, including a student set to appear for higher secondary exams.
usually, the act is invoked against terror outfits.
sections  16 and 18 of uapa relate to acts of terrorism and conspiracy and carry capital punishment as the maximum sentence.
in 2015, chattradhar mahato, one of the faces of the maoist movement in lalgarh, was among the first to be convicted under uapa in the state.
as expected, rights activists are seeing the move to brand land agitators as terrorists as heavy-handed and misplaced.
what is ironic is that the person wielding the hand is none other than ms mamatabanerjee , the pugnacious leader who took to the streets for farmers rights and came to power riding on her role in the anti-land acquisition movements in singur and nandigram in 2006 and 2007, respectively.
still, even at the height of the movements, the buddhadeb bhattacharjee government did not deem it fit to slap uapa sections on the protesters.
far from this, when the power grid corporation began buying land in 2013-14 and faced resistance, local trinamool strong-man arabul islam allegedly flexed muscles to coerce the villagers.
also, the villagers say a 400/220 kv power grid could be a potential source of health hazards owing to high electo-magnetic fields but the logic has cut little ice with a government.
rather than branding villagers like terrorists, it is time ms mamatabanerjee addressed their legitimate concerns.
thats the minimum one can expect from a government that less than a decade ago was claiming to champion the rights of the displaced.
the election of 2019 threw up many dramatic outcomes  the decimation of the mahaghathbandhan in uttar pradesh and bihar, the total failure of the congress in the three states it had won barely six months earlier and, of course, the defeat of rahul gandhi in amethi.
however, apart from smriti iranis spectacular feat, the other triumphs were repeats of the 2014 election.
the real surprise of this election was the outcome in west bengal  a state where the campaign was exceptionally bitter and marred by violence and even vote rigging.
in the end, the bjp  hitherto a fringe player  won 18 of the 42 seats and polled 40  of the popular vote  a sharp 23  increase from 2014; the trinamool congress won 22 seats with 43  of the popular vote.
the west bengal outcome was a big setback to chief minister and trinamool congress (tmc) chief mamatabanerjee banerjee.
having positioned herself as a player in national politics  even a possible prime minister in the event of modi losing his majority  mamatabanerjee found herself on the backfoot in her home turf.
the disaggregated results showed the bjp in the lead in 120 of the states 294 assembly segments  a big leap forward from the seven assembly seats it won in 2016.
the csds-lokniti post-poll survey suggested that the tmc secured the support of only 32  of hindu voters  down from 40  in 2014  against 57  for the bjp.
the tmc managed to salvage its reputation by winning 70  of the muslim vote.
the 2019 outcome demolished many myths about west bengals political behaviour.
first, it punctured the notion that bengal invariably detached itself from the national trend.
since 1980, bengal had reposed faith in either the left or the tmc and both were, in effect, regional outfits.
the bengali intelligentsia loved to sneer at the bjp which it viewed as a party of the hindi belt, detached from the ethos of west bengal.
the bjp made inroads among bhadralok voters in this election but its electoral muscle was provided by the 65  support among other backward castes, 61  among dalits and 58  among adivasis.
in the past, both the left and the tmc emerged from the towns and then penetrated rural bengal.
the bjps road to political acceptability has begun from the villages.
second, the belief that sectarian mobilisation had been made redundant in this island of communal amity stood disproved.
there was a silent but significant hindu consolidation behind the bjp and an equally sizable muslim consolidation in favour of the tmc.
this has profound implications.
it suggests that if this trend continues and hindu voters rally behind the bjp in even greater numbers, the tmc will be very vulnerable in the assembly polls of 2021.
in this context, by flying off the handle over taunts of jai shri ram and following it up with a visible show of solidarity with muslims at an id gathering in kolkata, mamatabanerjee may have deepened communal faultlines.
today, the tmc stands in real danger of resembling the congress in assam and becoming equated exclusively with minority interests.
finally, despite the outward show of irritation, mamatabanerjee may not be displeased that jai shri ram has become the symbol of protest.
in a recent tv interview, senior tmc parliamentarian sougata roy argued that this quasi-religious invocation is un-bengali.
highlighting the bengali-hindi divide has become a facet of the tmcs fightback ever since the incident involving the destruction of ishwar chandra vidyasagars bust just prior to the final round of polling.
the vandalism was blamed on the bjp and gave mamatabanerjee an opening to invoke bengali sub-nationalism and project the bjp as a party of non-bengali cretins.
the state bjps over-dependence on central leaders for tactical direction helped banerjees finger-pointing.
bengali pride is a powerful plank that was subtly used by the left in earlier decades.
however, in the case of mamatabanerjee , the culture war would have stood a greater chance of success had the state not borne silent witness to the tmcs crude high-handedness.
a reason why hundreds of villages voted collectively for the bjp was to protest against the throttling of democracy during the panchayat polls of 2018.
in urban bengal, a vote for the bjp was a protest against the organised extortion rackets  popularly known as syndicates  run by tmc leaders.
while dashing her national ambitions, west bengal hasnt entirely repudiated mamatabanerjee as yet.
however, it has put her on notice.
the future will depend on how she conducts herself in the coming months.
as prime minister narendra modi travels across the length of bengal on wednesday to address two rallies, one in the north in siliguri and the other in the south in kolkata, the bjp would be hoping that the apparent enthusiasm of the party workers on the ground would convert into lok sabha seats.
although the bjp has come a long way since the heydays of the left when it was less than a fringe force, the rising votes may still fall short of that required by the party to win sufficient seats in the state where the trinamool congress (tmc) has a stranglehold.
but modis party is in a hurry and party president amit shah has repeatedly emphasised that he will not be satisfied with anything fewer than 23 of the 42 lok sabha seats in the state.
that the bjps votes will increase in bengal this time is widely acknowledged.
but will that be enough to beat all opponents in the race and in about two dozen seats, is the moot question.
over the past two lok sabha and two assembly elections in bengal, the vote share of the party has remained at a level that is way behind that of the ruling tmc.
tmc chief mamatabanerjee is all set to take on the prime minister on her own turf.
to counter modi, she has tweaked her schedule and brought forward her rally at dinhata by a day.
though her election campaign was to begin on april 4, she will now be addressing a rally today immediately after pm modis address in siliguri gets over.
while the pm will address the rally around 1 pm in siliguri, mamatas rally at dinhata will begin at 3 pm.
dinhata goes to polls in the first phase.
the chief minister will address the rally at dinhata on wednesday at 3.
00 pm, tmc coochbehar district secretary rabindranath ghosh said.
in 2009 lok sabha elections the bjp won 6.
14  of the votes and secured only one seat.
five years later, the figures climbed to 17.
02  and two seats.
in comparison, tmc secured 31.
18  of the votes and 19 seats in 2009 which rose to 39.
79  votes and 34 seats in 2014.
in the 2011 assembly polls, the bjp won 4.
06  of the votes but failed to win a single seat in the 294-member state legislature.
in 2016 assembly elections, the bjp won 10.
16  votes and three seats.
mamata banerjees party, on the other hand, won 38.
93  votes and 184 seats in 2011 (in which it swept the 34-year-old left front government out of power).
in 2016, its numbers rose to 44.
91  of the votes and a whopping 211 seats.
these numbers indicate the uphill task the bjp is facing.
to win elections in bengal, booth-level committees are important.
these committees provide the base of the vote machinery and on polling day they try to ensure that faces who are known to be party sympathisers in the area can smoothly cast their votes.
but there are serious doubts whether bjp has been able to build a booth-level network, so crucial for turning fragmented support into solid votes for a candidate.
west bengal has about 77,000 booths and building a five-member team for each is a challenging task.
until a few years ago, state bjp leaders used to mention the need to build a booth-level committee, but over the past two years they have gone silent on this much-needed machinery in the state that was perfected by the left and later assimilated by the tmc.
political observers feel that the bjp leaders insistence on declaring all booths in bengal hyper-sensitive and be manned by central forces is an indication that they lack the booth-level machinery which the tmc has.
this is an organisational gap that the bjp has to overcome if it has to reach anywhere near its stated goal of 22-23 seats.
political observers also feel that narendra modi is likely to focus on four points in his speeches.
these are corruption, law and order, lack of industry and citizenship screening exercise.
in the past, shah has alleged in public meetings that some scams in the state directly lead to the first family of the tmc.
bjp leaders have been alleging deteriorating law and order situation in the state with the bjp national president claiming in a press conference in new delhi that bengal accounts for 26  of the political murders in the country in a year.
lack of democratic space is another pet point for the bjp leaders.
all of them invariably mention how muscle flexing by the ruling party resulted in tmc candidates winning more than one-third seats without a contest in the three-tier panchayat elections in bengal in april-may 2018.
lack of big-ticket investments in industry is believed to be a failure in mamatabanerjee banerjees rule and modi is likely to point it out.
modi can also promise a citizenship screening exercise in bengal to weed out infiltrators (read muslims who have crossed over from bangladesh to bengal).
he had earlier said that infiltrators were consuming a share of the economic pie.
modi has another sentiment to tap.
the trinamool congress government has been in power since may 20, 2011 and in the past eight years, anti-incumbency has started creeping in.
the violence and strong arm tactics of the ruling party in the panchayat polls have added to pockets of discontent.
some signs are quite evident.
in roadside tea stalls and markets, whispers of ruling partys acts of omission and commission are growing louder.
but the bjp may not be able to capitalise on it because its own house is not in order.
some state bjp leaders also apprehend another factor that may be silently working against them  the discontent among a section with some of the candidates nominated from different seats.
it was difficult to imagine bjp workers vandalising their district party office protesting against a lok sabha candidate  something that took place in cooch behar on march 22.
in basirhat and malda, party workers stuck posters and festoons criticizing the choice of candidates.
a few district presidents openly admitted that they had no idea about who the candidate was.
at least eight party candidates are those who have come from the tmc, congress and the left in the past few months.
with the party facing the formidable tmc machinery and mamatabanerjee banerjees charisma, factionalism and half-hearted support for the official candidates are the last things that the bjp needs in bengal.
had he not joined the gorkha volunteers cell (gvc) in 1986 when he was 22, bimal gurung, the son of poor tea workers, would have lived an inconsequential existence.
but that year the headstrong youth jumped into the wave of gorkha protests that followed subhash ghisings call for a separate state of gorkhaland.
two years later, gurung left the gvc after ghisings party, the gorkha national liberation front (gnlf), signed the 1988 darjeeling accord with the centre and the west bengal government that led to the formation of the darjeeling gorkha hill council (dghc).
gurung came into the limelight once again in 1992 when he floated an organisation for unemployed youth from the hills.
though he shared the fire of ghising in his early years, unlike his mentor, gurung was always accessible.
since 2007, when he formed the gorkha janmukti morcha (gjm) to fight for gorkhaland, gurung has always maintained cordial ties with the media to carry his mission forward.
bimal gurung was born to fight for gorkhaland and i will not ditch my people by compromising with something else.
if i do not spearhead the movement for gorkhaland, the hill people will not spare me, he told ht on june 9.
but mere rhetoric will not help the 53-year old gorkha leader now, faced that he is with the full might of chief minister mamatabanerjee who has vowed to prevent any bifurcation of west bengal at any cost.
on thursday, gurung got a taste of what he may be up against.
the police raided his office, his home and some people even set fire to a vehicle parked in his house.
gurung was in hiding throughout the day, barely managing a video message to the media.
thousands of gjm supporters and activists have rallied on the streets of darjeeling, kalimpong and kurseong, even fighting pitched battles with security forces.
but if the current confrontation drags on, it will be a challenge for gurung to keep up the morale of his supporters and the party machinery intact if he has to remain in hiding for long.
as a child gurung was used to a hard life.
the family was so poor that he was forced to give up schooling and spent his adolescent years doing odd jobs to support his family.
he could not even attend high school.
he used to miss his primary school classes and was punished by his teachers regularly as he had to carry lunch to his mother who worked as a tea garden worker.
in 1999, gurung won the dghc bypoll from tukvar constituency as an independent candidate.
given his popularity in the area, gnlf entrusted him with the responsibilities of the dghc sports and youth affairs department.
he soon became a close confidant of ghising.
gurung floated his gjm on 7 october 2007, riding high on the accolades he received for drumming up support for prashant tamang, a local who went on to win the popular music reality show indian idol.
gurungs move to form a new party was also prompted by growing public disenchantment with ghisings way of functioning and his proposal to include the darjeeling hills within the sixth schedule of the indian constitution, which was seen as a compromise by those fighting for a separate state.
he soon started gaining popular support and this spelt the political downfall of an ageing ghising who was forced to leave the hills in june 2008.
gurung has two children, a son who has also acted in a nepali film, and a daughter who is a practising lawyer.
his wife asha is also an elected member of the gta.
teetotaller gurung is a health freak and makes it a point not to miss his daily morning badminton and exercise session.
his younger brother bijay was killed in during the violent gorkhaland movement of the mid-1980s.
he may have stirred a nationwide controversy by announcing a rs 10 lakh bounty for anyone shaving bollywood singer sonu nigams head, but in reality, syed sha atef ali al quaderi is no imam or maulana, and has zero religious authority.
the head priest of the little-known khanka sharif at bagnan in west bengals howrah district, quaderi is a little-known face in the states muslim community and has almost no influence.
muslim leaders say the bounty offer was also not a fatwa because he isnt an islamic scholar.
the media is wrongly portraying him as cleric, maulana and maulavi.
we fail to understand why the media ended up giving so much importance on what he said, an islamic religious leader told ht but refused to be quoted on a silly matter.
quaderis offer had come hours after nigam tweeted against the islamic call for prayer, azaan, and called the custom forced religiousness.
the bounty was widely criticised and ridiculed, especially after nigam got his head shaved and challenged quaderi to pay up.
quaderi appeared at a press conference on thursday and was accompanied by priests from different religions (hinduism, buddhism, jainism, christianity) who came in his support but were largely silent.
(ht photo)in fact, quaderis perceived importance appears to rest on his self-declared connection with prophet mohammad.
i am the 35th descendant of the prophet, he told ht.
his visiting card, too, claims the same.
he also calls himself a spiritual leader and a social worker.
it requires a scholar in islamic law to issue a fatwa  a legally non-binding decree on issues having no clear guidance from quran or hadith.
but on thursday when asked if he had the authority to issue a fatwa, qaderi appeared to row back.
i did not issue a fatwa in the first place.
all i announced was a reward for shaving sonu nigams head, garlanding him with old, torn shoes and touring him across the country.
since he neither wore a garland of shoes nor toured the country seeking apology from people whose sentiments he has hurt, there is no question of rewarding anyone.
he has no right to ask me to keep the money ready, quaderi added.
he might have taken a leaf out of the book of bengals fatwa imam noor-ur-rehman barkati.
, who in 2006 issued a fatwa on live tv, announcing a reward of rs 50,000 to anyone who blackened bangladeshi author taslima nasrins face.
responding to how quaderi wriggled out of his promise, nasrin tweeted on thursday, kolkata imam once issued fatwa whoever blackens my face will get rs 50,000.
a friend blackened my face.
but imam didnt give money.
imams r liars.
exiled bangladeshi author taslima nasreen twitted and claimed that the imam who issued a fatwa to blacken her face in june 2006, did not pay up the amount when one of her friends smeared ink on her face.
(ht photo)quaderi holds the position of vice-president of west bengal united minority council, a little-known organisation, but is known in the islamic religious circles as a close associate of barkati, who has also issued a fatwa against prime minister narendra modi after his demonetisation announcement.
on thursday, however, quaderi brought up references to how modi respected the azaan in a bid to justify his act.
during his electoral campaign in west bengal, the prime minister stopped his speech midway after he heard the sound of azaan coming from a mosque.
he maintained silence until the azaan was over.
our chief minister mamatabanerjee , too, has shown similar gestures.
they represent indian culture.
sonu nigam should leave the country, quaderi said.
on thursday, quaderi came to attend a press conference flanked by representatives of other religions, who came to support him, but did not speak much.
they were keshab chatterjee, priest of kalighat temple; dr arunjyoti bhikku, a buddhist monk; muni moni kumar maharaj, a jain priest and father c chittaranjan, a christian leader.
indiaupdated: jul 31, 2019 10:53 istthree days after organisers of a community durga puja held close to west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjees south kolkata residence shelved plans to invite a bharatiya janata party (bjp) leader at the inauguration, a second organiser in the same area faced the wrath of trinamool congress (tmc) on tuesday night.
organisers of the durga puja held by adi dakshin kolkata baroari samity near rashbehari avenue held a meeting with bjp state general secretary sayantan basu and the partys local trade union front leader ajay agnihotri inside the community club on tuesday evening.
shortly after basu left, a large crowd comprising tmc workers arrived and staged a blockade, forcing agnihotri and his associates to lock themselves inside the club for around two hours.
a police contingent rushed to rescue agnihotri but he and his associates were allegedly thrashed.
the police took them to tollygunge police station for their safety.
tmc workers arrived at the police station as well and tension prevailed till late in the night.
agnihotri could go home only after the crowd dispersed.
i was thrashed.
two of the policemen who came to rescue us received a few blows as well.
we were invited by the puja organisers.
a mob attacked us soon after basu left the club.
this cannot happen in a civilised society, said agnihotri.
local tmc leader biplab sarkar said the puja is organised entirely by local residents.
it never had anything to do with the bjp.
the puja committee members invited bjp leaders without anybodys consent.
this is an effort to take over the festival, sarkar alleged.
officers at tollygunge police station refused to comment, saying it was not a major law and order problem.
after the bjp won 18 of the 42 lok sabha seats in the april-may elections, around 70 community durga puja committees from kolkata and the districts have approached state bjp leaders with requests to have top leaders inaugurate their pujas.
many committees have requested the presence of bjp president amit shah or state president dilip ghosh.
one of the puja organising clubs that approached the bjp is sanghashree, located within 500 metres of mamatabanerjee banerjees residence in kalighat.
till last year, the chief ministers brother, kartick mamatabanerjee , was an honorary member of the puja committee.
this year the organisers wanted amit shah to inaugurate the puja.
they also met sayantan basu and made him a member.
however, on saturday the club members made a u-turn and said they did not want any association with the bjp.
senior tmc leaders, many of whom are either organisers or patrons of some big-budget pujas, are accusing the bjp of politicising the festival.
durga puja should be left out of politics.
it is an integral part of bengals culture.
they (bjp) have become desperate, state panchayat minister subrata mukherjee, who has been closely associated with ekdalia evergreen clubs puja, one of the biggest crowd-pullers, said last week.
indiaupdated: aug 30, 2019 20:27 istthe west bengal state assembly on friday passed a bill that laid down the death penalty as the highest punishment for anyone involved in an act where the victim could be killed.
the prevention of lynching bill 2019 was passed by a voice vote.
the draft bill distributed in the assembly earlier this week had life imprisonment as the maximum punishment.
but the government on friday tabled a revised version that carried the capital punishment.
the left and the congress supported the bill; however, the bharatiya janata party (bjp) opposed it.
in a house of 294 members, bjp has 14 legislators, six of them won elections and eight switched over from other parties.
earlier, manipur and rajasthan have brought in anti-lynching legislations.
manoj tigga, leader of the bjp legislative team, said that they had opposed the bill.
we do not support mob lynching but we have a strong suspicion that the new legislation will be used against the opposition, particularly the bjp, tigga said.
tigga pointed out that the bill mentions that whoever takes part in a conspiracy to lynch another person or abets an act of lynching shall be punished in the same manner as if he had himself committed lynching, and claimed that this provision might be used against political opponents by the ruling party.
communist party of india (marxist) legislator sujan chakraborty said, we supported the bill because it is against mob lynching.
however, the bill has loopholes and there is no provision for holding government officers concerned accountable if necessary.
we wanted it to be sent to the select committee.
the bill defined lynching as any act or series of acts of violence or aiding, abetting or attempting an act of violence, whether spontaneous or planned, by a mob on the grounds of religion, race, caste, sex, place of birth, language, dietary practices, sexual orientation, political affiliation, ethnicity or any other ground.
it also stated that mob means a group of two or more individuals.
the purpose of the legislation was to provide for effective protection of the constitutional rights off vulnerable persons and to prevent the lynching and to punish acts of lynching in the state.
explaining their opposition, manoj tigga said, our leaders, including the state unit president, are frequently coming under attack from tmc goons.
are these not cases of mob lynching?
we suspect that the bill has been brought to be used only when people belonging to a particular community come under attack.
three categories of punishment were proposed in the bill.
if an act leads to the victim suffering hurt, the perpetrator could be sent to jail for a maximum of three years and slapped a fine of rs 1 lakh.
if the victim suffers grievous hurt, the punishment may extend up to life in jail and a fine between rs 25,000 and rs 3 lakh.
in case of death of the victim, the convict may face capital punishment, or rigorous imprisonment for life and a fine between rs 1 lakh and rs 5 lakh.
the bill also states that no police officer below the rank of an inspector of police shall investigate any offence committed under this act.
while there have been several incidents in the state over the past few years, the subject of lynching has also ignited a war of words between the leaders of the bharatiya janata party and the ruling trinamool congress.
according to the proposed legislation, the state would have a state coordinator not below the rank of an inspector general of police, who would be chosen by the director-general of state police.
he would be called the nodal officer and would monitor and coordinate prevention of lynching.
in the case of kolkata, the commissioner of police would appoint the nodal officer who would not be below the rank of an additional commissioner of police.
according to the bill, the nodal officers would hold meetings at least once a month with the local intelligence units of the districts and police commissioners to identify the existence of the tendencies of vigilantism, mob violence or lynching in the area.
the nodal officers would also take steps to stop the dissemination of offensive material through different social media platforms or any other means.
the special task force of the cid has been desperately looking for alik chakraborty, a politburo member of small naxalite outfit cpi(ml)(red star) and the face of movement in bhangar against a power grid, since violence broke out at bhangar five weeks ago.
booked under provisions of the ua(p)a, chakraborty has been evading the police while organising the movement through his network.
the leader in his mid-40s spoke exclusively to ht from an undisclosed location.
despite being a leader of a registered political outfit, you have been virtually living underground for about a month.
how would you describe the situation?
our party does not endorse violence and we have always worked staying within the legal system.
but the mamatabanerjee government seems to allow no space for democratic means of protest.
otherwise, how would you describe booking leaders of a political party, who have no links whatsoever with any banned organisation, under provisions of the ua(p)a?
a total of 36 persons have been booked under ua(p)a.
apart from two of our arrested leaders (pradip singh thakur and sharmistha chowdhury) and myself, the others are common people.
the governments undemocratic approach has forced me to evade the law for the sake of the movement.
had it not been for the need of the movement, i would have surrendered before court.
the bhangar land movement has turned out to be one of the biggest embarrassments for the mamatabanerjee government.
(ht photo)the chief minister has said that action should be taken only against outsiders who instigated local people.
its indeed funny to hear the theory of outsider from mamatabanerjee who herself had contested this theory when the cpi(m) accused her of being an outsider in singur and nandigram.
are you open to discussions?
locals always wanted the government to talk to them but were never heeded.
moreover, the chief ministers words and deeds lack consistency.
one the one hand, she is making public statement asking the administration to ensure that no local resident of bhangar is harmed and on the other, nine bhangar residents, including a boy who is to appear in higher secondary exams the next month, are languishing in jail for five weeks because they have been booked under a law generally used against terrorists.
are there chances of further violence?
the movement gained momentum more than three months ago and there has been only one day of violence  some police vehicles were vandalised  but that too after two persons were killed in firing suspected to be by the police.
further, the police were accompanied by trinamool-backed goons.
one month has passed since that day and there has not been a single incident of violence.
what is your next plan of action?
since the chief minister has publicly said that the power grid project will be scrapped if people of bhangar did not want it, we have launched a signature campaign.
nearly 10,000 signatures were collected between february 20 and 23.
the campaign will go on for another week.
by early march, the signatures endorsing the statement that the people do not want the project will be submitted to her.
do you expect the government to respond?
well pursue all democratic means.
well conduct a public hearing on april 4 and 5 where eminent personalities, including retired judges and scientists would participate.
till then, do you intend to stay underground?
the demand for separate state of gorkhaland comprising parts of bengals darjeeling district resurfaced at the national echelon when bimal gurung, president of gorkha janmukti morcha (gjm), appealed to all the 33 national democratic alliance (nda) partners to support the cause.
the meeting was held on monday evening in delhi.
the nda meet in new delhi was attended by prime minister narendra modi, bjp president amit shah, union ministers arun jaitley and sushma swaraj, andra pradesh chief minister chandrababu naidu, shiv sena chief udhav thackrey and others.
in the 2009 and 2014 lok sabha elections, the gjm, which commanded a massive base in the darjeeling hills, supported the bjp and helped jaswant singh and s s ahluwalia win the darjeeling seat.
in both elections, the bjp promised in its poll manifesto that it would look into the long-pending demands and aspirations of the people of north bengal, including the gorkhas.
read: nda partners raise beef issue at pm modis unity dinner, call for sensitivitybinay tamang, assistant secretary of the gjm told hindustan times from delhi that gurung raised the gorkhaland issue in his seven-minute speech.
gurung raised several issues.
these included gorkhaland, the demand for schedule tribe status to 11 gorkha communities and a central university in the darjeeling hills, said tamang.
gurung said that gjm is a committed partner of the nda and wants to see the promises made in the bjp election manifesto fulfilled.
gurung also appealed to nda partners to support the cause of gorkhaland, said tamang.
the hill region has so far witnessed two aggressive political movements for creation of gorkhaland.
the movement from 1986 to 1988 was led by gorkha national liberation front and it witnessed the death of 1200 people in violent clashes.
the second - between 2007 and 2011 - was led by the gjm.
the gjm is likely to face tough challenge from trinamool congress in the municipal elections which are likely to be held on may 14.
the gjm has already lost considerable ground ever since chief minister mamatabanerjee created 15 development boards for different hill communities and carried out development projects despite opposition from the gjm-run gorkhaland territorial administration (gta).
read: prime minister narendra modi praised at nda meet: five things you need to knowan autonomous body, the gta was formed in 2012 through a tri-partite agreement between the centre, the bengal government and gjm after a long movement by the gorkhas.
the gjm however alleged that the state government violated the gta agreement by interfering in the functioning of the autonomous body.
also, the creation of a separate kalimpong district out of the darjeeling hills and formation of jan andolan party (jap) - which is close to the trinamool congress - have substantially weakened the gjm.
local politicians feel that unless the gjm gets assurance from the centre that at least schedule tribe status will be granted to 11 hill communities, the going will be tough for gjm in the elections to four hill municipal bodies which will be followed by panchayat and gta polls.
interestingly, the bjp state leadership is against the creation of gorkhaland and the centre has not yet responded to gjms demand.
harka bhadur chetti, the jap president and former gjm mla said: gjm leaders, including bimal gurung, are good at telling lies.
it is impossible to believe that gurung raised the gorkhaland issue at the nda meeting attended by leaders of 33 parties because in the past he could not raise the issue before the prime minister.
tamang however claimed that it was great moment for the gorkhas because never before had the issue been raised at a national forum of such significance.
the janata dal (united), or jd(u), has left it to poll strategist prashant kishor to explain his recent meeting with west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee at the party national executive in patna on sunday.
kishor is the jd(u) national vice-president.
he was inducted into the party in september 2017.
he runs a company that provides support to different political parties at the time of elections.
he will attend the national executive on sunday and explain his stand, jd(u) national president and bihar chief minister nitish kumar told reporters on saturday after launching the partys national membership drive.
there was no problem with the task given to him and with party work.
but he will explain on his own about his meeting with the west bengal cm.
.
.
we have not received any complaint against him.
if we get a complaint, we will take a decision accordingly, he said.
clarifying that the jd (u) had nothing to do with the meeting, kumar said that as a poll strategist, he (kishor) has a good relationship with all parties.
he recently worked in andhra pradesh and got success.
kumar expressed surprise that nobody had made a noise when kishor worked for a party in andhra pradesh but was doing so after his meeting with mamatabanerjee in kolkata on thursday.
asked if it was because the bharatiya janata party (bjp) was is in a direct fight with banerjees trinamool congress (tmc) in bengal, he replied, bjp has not objected to his meetings.
no to joining cabinetkumar has reiterated that the jd(u) is not interested in joining the union cabinet and denied any rift with alliance partner bjp.
we are not interested in symbolic representation in the union council of ministers but we are very well entrenched with the nda [national democratic alliance].
as far as bihar is concerned, we are working together, said kumar.
when we were offered a berth, we thought it was not required.
but it should not be construed that we are opposed to nda.
every party has its own way of working.
our thinking is different, he added.
the bihar cm maintained there was no problem in the bjp-jdu alliance and it would jointly contest the bihar assembly polls due next year.
they (the bjp) have absolute majority on their own and we are with them, kumar added.
grandnephew of netaji subhas chandra bose and bengal bjp vice-president, chandra kumar bose, has demanded a special investigative team to solve the mystery around boses death once and for all.
only declassification of files means nothing.
there has to be a special investigative team to scrutinise the declassified files along with intelligence files still lying with the pmo, kgb, mi5, mi6 and japans intelligence wing, chandra bose told ht on saturday.
read: now, centre says it reiterated upa position on netaji death, issue not closedhe has sought an appointment with prime mister narendra modi, who is presently travelling abroad, to press for this demand.
bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee , too, does not believe that netaji died in the 1945 disaster.
(ht photo)bose has led a section of the family members who doubted the official theory that netaji died in the air-crash in taiwan on august 18, 1945 and demanded declassification of secret files with the centre.
even after the files were published beginning january 23, 2016, bose has kept up the demand that prime minister modi start negotiations with the governments of russia, england and japan to get to the bottom of the mystery.
members of bose family have learnt from various unconfirmed sources that files on netaji lying with kgb are coded and needs to be decodified.
also, japan has not yet made three netaji files public.
the special investigative team needs to go through all these documents to end the mystery for good, he told ht.
read: netaji died in 1945 aircrash, says centre in rti reply; family demands probethe recent rti disclosure from the central government, declaring that netaji died in the plane crash, has earned severe criticism not only from the members of the bose family, but also from the bengal unit of bjp, which feared chief minister mamatabanerjee would use it to her advantage against the modi government.
german economist anita pfaff, the daughter of subhas chandra bose, is convinced that her father died in 1945.
she has also asked for scientific tests of his remains to end the controversy.
(ht photo)on friday, within hours of mamatabanerjee banerjees facebook post criticising the centre for casually treating the question of netajis death, the state unit of bjp issued a statement on facebook, trashing the rti reply and distancing the party from it.
the union government, too, has distanced itself from the reply.
the issue is not closed.
any new fact, if it comes up, will be examined by the government on merit and an appropriate decision will be taken, a home ministry spokesperson said on friday.
read: netajis daughter convinced he died in crash, wants dna test of remainson saturday, chandra bose told ht that any party that looks to neglect the question of solving the netaji mystery may suffer politically.
the latest round of controversy began this week when the centre reiterated in a rti response sent to open platform for netaji that the leader died in the 1945 plane crash.
incidentally, another grand nephew of netaji, historian sugato bose, who is also a trinamool congress mp, believes that the leader perished in the plane crash.
trinamool congress chief mamatabanerjee , however, believes otherwise.
is the kidney racket still going on in your hospital?
lashed out chief minister mamatabanerjee leaving the representative of one of the prominent private hospitals of kolkata fumbling for answers.
in a meeting at the town hall with the top representatives of dozens of private hospitals and nursing homes of the state, the chief minister uncorked her acerbic best, hauling them up for overcharging patients and shoddy service that constitutes one of the most popular grievances in society.
the administrative meeting was telecast live on television channels.
she also said that a west bengal health regulatory commission will be set up under a retired judge.
the bill will be introduced on march 3.
i was speaking with someone from bangladesh.
they told me that they are thinking of not sending patients to your hospital.
the official tried to answer her queries but faced a torrent of allegations from the chief minister.
i will not allow any kidney racket, or baby racket, to run in bengal, she remarked while speaking said to authorities of medica superspeciality hospital.
(incidentally, cid had investigated a case of alleged kidney racket against the hospital.
the case is subjudice.
)the immediate trigger for the meeting was the vandalism in cmri, a premier hospital in south kolkata, by an angry mob that complained of shoddy treatment leading to the death of a girl, but the chief minister made it clear that the state government has to bear the expenditure of the treatment of mlas many of whom are treated in the private hospitals.
the chief minister also pulled up belle vue clinic, a private hospital where she, her nephew abhishek mamatabanerjee and other trinamool congress leaders were admitted.
she said both the government and the state assembly conducted surveys of private hospitals and nursing homes.
of a total of 2,088 hospitals and nursing homes, 70 were issued show cause notices in kolkata and 33 had their licenses cancelled.
we condemn acts of vandalism in hospitals, but you must understand that your business should be devoted to serving people.
but there are so many complaints of exorbitant and inflated bills.
for simple ailments patients have to go through an array of diagnostics tests.
if one has fever, they will test your from head to toe.
emergency patients are turned down in private hospitals, remarked mamatabanerjee baneerjee.
she also recounted a personal experience.
i was once admitted in a hospital.
i had a mri scan and was operated upon.
later i consulted a local doctor who told me that the hospital tested even the body part that was removed, she said.
she urged the hospitals to follow the government model to launch subsidised pharmacies and diagnostic centres for poor patients.
the chief minister also stated that west bengal clinical establishment act has to be modified and lent more teeth.
the west bengal health regulatory commission will have representatives of private hospitals, health department, consumer affairs department, doctors and police representatives, said the chief minister.
four persons including the owner and staffs of the private nursing home was arrested by police after man killed self allegedly unable to pay daughters inflated medical.
the incident took place in burdwan town about 100 kms from kolkata.
recently chief minister mamatabanerjee cracked whip on private hospital and nursing homes and proposed to bring in state health regulatory commission.
owners and a staff of g d nursing home in burdwan town was arrested by police on sunday.
sheikh joynal, munshi muhammed hasibul kabir, abul khatib and souvik santra was arrested by police.
seikh joynal is the owner of the nursing home, while kabir and munshi are his partners.
santra is a staff of the nursing home.
those arrested have been booked under various sections including abetment to suicide< said a senior police officer of burdwan.
chumki lete of katti village in birbhum district was admitted to the nursing home in burdwan town on february 20.
chumkis father tapan, a farmer, allegedly committed suicide as he was unable to pay the hospital bill of rs 44,000, sources said.
following the incident police registered a suo moto case and initiated investigation.
the villagers complained to the burdwan district administration about the alleged over charging by the nursing home authorities which prompted tapan to commit suicide.
based on the complaint the police detained the four persons for questioning in regard to the alleged over-charging and lack of basic infrastructure in the nursing home on saturday.
later they were arrested.
top private hospital in kolkata courted controversy for allegedly refusing to release a patient without settling of dues.
chief minister mamatabanerjee had on wednesday at a meeting with representatives of different private hospitals warned them against over-charging patients and negligence in treatment, apart from announcing setting up of a regulatory commission to monitor their functioning.
indiaupdated: aug 24, 2019 06:54 ista stampede situation broke out in heavy rain on a narrow approach road to a temple in west bengals north 24-parganas district hours past midnight on friday, killing three persons and injuring over 20 others, officials familiar with the matter said.
the incident happened near kachua loknath temple at kachua, 50km from kolkata, around 3 am when a crowd had gathered to celebrate the birth anniversary of baba lokenath brahmachari, an 18th century bengali saint.
it started raining heavily and people tried to take shelter at makeshift bamboo stalls on the approach road to the temple.
the bamboo structures collapsed.
bjp state chief dilip ghosh criticised the state government for not setting up proper infrastructure to deal with the rush of pilgrims.
the state government should have had proper arrangements in place, keeping in mind the huge turnout.
three national-level trade unions of employees and workers of 41 indian ordnance factories under the kolkata-headquartered ordnance factory board (ofb) have announced that they will go on a month-long strike from august 20 in protest against the centres likely decision to corporatise and privatise all units.
the 41 units employ more than 1,00,000 people.
some of the oldest units, such as rifle factory ishapore, the sole maker of rifles for the armed forces, are located near kolkata.
the move comes a week after the matter came up for discussion at a high-level meeting called by the centre in delhi.
top ofb officials who are aware of the development but did not want to be named said no formal notice or order has been issued by the centre but matter was discussed at the highest level on july 18.
ofb chairman saurabh kumar was present at the meeting.
on friday, ofbs deputy director general niraj kela wrote to the heads of all ordnance factories to ensure that the strike does not affect smooth running of the units.
in a circular to ofb, the unions described the strike as first phase of the movement and demanded withdrawal of the governments decision.
the three unions are all india defence employees federation (aidef), indian national defence workers federation (indwf) and bhartiya pratiraksha mazdoor sangh (bpms).
the last one is affiliated to the bharatiya mazdoor sangh, the labour wing of rashtriya shayamsevak sangh (rss).
the three unions will be joined by confederation of defence recognised associations.
these factories are the backbone of our armed forces.
they cannot be treated like tea-stalls, said ashok singh, president, indwf.
ever since the centre enforced arms rules 2016, which introduced new laws to facilitate production of weapons by private players in collaboration with foreign partners, a large section of officials and staff in the state-owned ordnance factories were apprehending a similar move to streamline the ofb units.
some major units, including rifle factory ishapore, are located in bengal.
the workers unions have staged agitation in many cities, demanding state support.
on july 23, bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee had written to prime minister narendra modi not to corporatise and privatise ordnance factories.
senior ips officer and former kolkata police chief rajeev kumar on thursday reported at the ministry of home affairs (mha), a day after he was relieved from duty in west bengal by the election commission, officials said.
kumar, who was involved in a face-off with the central bureau of investigation (cbi) in connection with the agencys investigation in saradha and rose valley chit fund cases, was on wednesday removed as additional director general, cid, in west bengal for allegedly failing to control the incidents of violence in the state.
he was directed to report to the home ministry, the cadre controlling authority for the indian police service (ips) officers, by the commission, the officials said.
in an unprecedented move, the election commission had on wednesday invoked article 324 and ordered campaigning in nine west bengal constituencies to end at 10 pm on thursday, a day before its scheduled deadline, in the wake of violence between bjp and tmc workers in kolkata.
the constituencies where campaigning has been curtailed are -- dum dum, barasat, basirhat, jaynagar, mathurapur, diamond harbour, jadavpur, kolkata dakshin and kolkata uttar.
polling will be held in all these constituencies on may 19.
the vandalisation of ishwarchandra vidyasagars bust and clashes during bjp chief amit shahs road show in kolkata on tuesday triggered a fierce blame game between bjp and the trinamool congress.
shah, at a press conference, had alleged that west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjees tmc was involved in vandalising the bust and unleashing violence during his road show as part of a conspiracy to blame the bjp.
on its part, the tmc released videos to claim that bjp goons damaged the statue of vidyasagar and said the videos not only establish what the saffron party did, but proved that shah is a liar and a dhokebaaz (betrayer).
the election commission had on wednesday also ordered the removal of principal secretary (home) atri bhattacharya and kumar from their postings.
kumar was questioned by the cbi in february this year in connection with its probe in multi-crore saradha chit fund case.
a team of cbi officers was stopped from entering the residence of kumar, when he was kolkata police chief on february 3 when they had gone to question him in connection with the saradha and rose valley cases.
a team of cbi officers on sunday recorded the statements of several persons, including naradanews.com ceo mathew samuel and those who had moved calcutta high court seeking a cbi investigation into the narada sting episode.
the agency is supposed to submit them before the high court on tuesday.
while the statement of congress leader amitabha chakraborty, who along with two other had filed the case in the high court, was recorded at the cbi office, samuel was sent a set of 12 questions via email, to which he promptly replied.
from samuels residence in delhi, cbi officers took in their possession the tools used for editing the footage.
on the other hand, the trinamool leaders accused in the case and the state government officials were busy finalising lawyers to appeal in the supreme court against the high court verdict.
the three persons who had filed public interest litigation in the high court seeking cbi probe has already filed a caveat in the apex court to avoid the states appeal to be heard without the presence of the petitioners lawyers.
we have already filed a caveat in the supreme court and our lawyers are prepared to counter the state government and accused trinamool leaders in the apex court.
we hope the cbi investigation will be neutral, as the high court itself will monitor it, chakraborty told the media after the cbi recorded his statement.
sources in the state government claimed a senior congress leader-cum-lawyer has agreed to represent the government in the apex court.
on friday, the calcutta high court division bench comprising acting chief justice nishita mhatre and tapabrata chakraborty gave the cbi three days to examine the footage, documents, devices and all other relevant material and file a report to the court and start an fir if it is warranted.
acting chief justice nishita mhatre wrote in the order, i direct the cbi to conduct a preliminary inquiry without any delay and in execution thereof, to take custody of the devices and the cfsl reports, which are maintained by the special committee in a bank locker, within 24 hours.
depending on the result of the inquiry, the cbi shall forthwith register an fir, in respect of the alleged crimes and proceed to investigate the same, in accordance with law, justice mhatre wrote.
following the order, a team of eight cbi officers, led by superintendent nagendra prasad, swung into action and on saturday collected storage devices from bank lockers to examine the narada footage, the laptop of naradanews.coms mathew samuel and the recording device.
the stock of more than 400 minutes of raw footage was kept in a bank locker under the courts instruction.
the central forensic science laboratory in chandigarh had certified the footage as genuine.
the narada sting operation has posed the biggest trouble for chief minister mamatabanerjee so far, as the faces seen in the video are some if the most prominent and powerful leaders in the party  saugata roy, suvendu adhikari, sultan ahmed, aparupa poddar, kakoli ghosh dastidar, prasun mamatabanerjee (lok sabha mp), subrata mukherjee, firhad (bobby) hakim, madan mitra (ministers), iqbal ahmed (mla), sovan chatterjee (mla and kolkata mayor) s m h mirza (ips officer who claimed to be taking the money on behalf of party mp mukul roy).
the bengal government has refused to check bihar-bound trucks for liquor bottles, something that the bihar administration requested its neighbouring state to help it enforce the prohibition.
the refusal comes against the backdrop of differences between bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee and her bihar counterpart nitish kumar over demonetisation.
read: after liquor prohibition, bihar to achieve de-addiction: nitish kumara joint team of bihar police and excise & prohibition department officials met their counterparts in west bengal on june 8, in kolkata and a placed a request to check commercial vehicles terminating in bihar so that those carrying alcohol to the dry state are apprehended before they enter its territory.
bihar chief minister nitish kumar incurred the wrath of bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee when he refused to join her in her campaign against demonetisation.
(ht photo)sources said, on an average 20 to 25 trucks carrying liquor bottles are apprehended at the borders of bihar, most of which are from nepal.
bengal accounts for the second highest culprits.
the bengal officials expressed their inability to extend any cooperation in this regard citing manpower problem as well as some technical problems.
a senior official from west bengal excise department told ht that it is impossible to check each and every bihar- bound truck from bengal and identify those carrying liquor bottles.
read: mcd election: nitish kumar calls for liquor ban in delhisecondly, possessing liquor with valid cash receipts is not an offence in west bengal.
so there is difficulty in seizing liquors from bihar-bound trucks, or any other vehicle, he said.
the mamatabanerjee government earns more than 10  of its own tax revenue from alcohol.
the bengal administration has recently taken steps to increase availability of liquor in the state.
(ht photo)officials from bihar excise & prohibition department said a team will approach the governments of two other neighbouring states of jharkhand and uttar pradesh with the same appeal.
bihar officials are confident of getting positive response from both these states unlike west bengal.
if jharkhand and uttar pradesh governments reacts positively to bihars plea and stop trucks carrying liquor bottles within their borders, bihar police can focus on the bihar-nepal border through which most of the vehicles carrying liquor sneak in.
read: no liquor ban impact on revenue, says nitishbengal government sources said mamatabanerjee is extremely unhappy with the role of nitish kumar during her nationwide protest against demonetisation announced on november 8 last year.
on november 30, 2016, when mamatabanerjee organised an anti- demonetisation rally in patna, she described nitish kumar as a traitor without naming him for supporting the note ban.
sources said, on an average 20 to 25 trucks carrying liquor bottles are apprehended at the borders of bihar, most of which are from nepal.
bengal accounts for the second highest culprits.
the ministry of railways has issued a rate card after being flooded with complaints by passengers of being overcharged for meals, water bottles and tea and coffee on trains.
the ministry posted the rate list on its twitter account and asked people to lodge a complaint if they are overcharged.
know the rate list of @ircatering in case of any discrepancies must reported to @railminindia: we work for you 24x7 (sic), the tweet said.
know the rate list of @ircatering in case of any discrepancies must reported to @railminindia: we work for you 24x7 #awareness pic.
twitter.com/3ac59jakwi  ministry of railways (@railminindia) march 21, 2017disgruntled passengers have taken to several grievance portals, including twitter, to lodge their complaints about the quality of food and catering services provided by private vendors, picked by indian railway catering and tourism corporation (irctc), the public sector undertaking of the worlds fourth-largest rail network.
under the contract, the assigned contractor is expected to provide services at rates specified by irctc, display a menu card and serve hygienic food.
but more often than not passengers have complained about being fleeced by staff on board and served bad food.
in october 2015, railway minister suresh prabhu ordered a review of all the catering contracts and asked for a blacklist of companies involved in unfair and corrupt practices.
in february this year, prabhu announced a new catering policy under which the food production and distribution functions were separated in an attempt to ensure that healthy and hygienic food is served on trains and railway platforms, following regular complaints against food quality.
the railways is attempting to rope in established hoteliers to build base kitchens at major stations under public-private partnership mode.
the irctc, incorporated in september 1999, will be responsible for distributing food.
the railways psu was relieved from the catering responsibility by the then railway minister mamatabanerjee in 2010.
the new policy also stresses on the need to promote e-catering activities, which provides passengers with the option of booking meals from a panel of caterers selected by the irctc.
besides the 40 stations currently covered, several other stations will soon offer e-catering service in coming months.
indiaupdated: aug 22, 2019 19:59 ista trinamool congress (tmc) leader and former vice chairman of a municipality of bengals cooch behar district allegedly took poison wednesday evening after a group of people showed up at his home to demand that he return the cut money or commission he had extorted from them.
mantu mondal, former councillor of mekhliganj municipality was admitted to jalpaiguri super speciality hospital and his condition continues to be critical.
mekhliganj is nearly 640 km away north of kolkata.
mondal had a confrontation at his home with several people from whom he had allegedly taken cut money promising government houses.
the amount was around rs 21 lakh.
also read: on bjps cut money attack, mamatabanerjee banerjees black money riposteyesterday a group of people came to our home and stated demanding that my father return the money he had taken.
he consumed poison and slumped to the ground within a few minutes, said mondals son suman on thursday.
sandhya saha, one of those who claimed to have paid mondal, said, i had paid him rs 35,000 last year after he promised me a government house.
we had gone to demand our money.
but he went inside his room and came back after some time saying he consumed poison.
caught by surprise, some of those who went to demand their money joined hands with the family members of mondal to take him to a local hospital.
from there, he was referred to the jalpaiguri hospital.
the condition of my father continues to be critical, suman said.
mondal consumed pesticide, said locals.
mondal went inside his room keeping those who came to demand money waiting outside.
after some time he told them that he consumed poison since he was not in a position to return the money, said mitthu singha sarkar adhikari, former chairperson of mekhliganj municipality.
the tmc said it was looking into the allegations that mondal had extorted money.
we are looking into the allegations against mondal, said binoy krishna barman, cooch behar district president of the tmc.
no police complaint has been lodged, said siddhart dorjeee, sub divisional police officer of mekhliganj.
in the past month and a half, mondal, a four-time councillor, returned rs 3 lakh to different people in two instalments, local people said.
all opposition party leaders have said that the remark of the chief minister was a desperate attempt for an image makeover.
during the lok sabha election campaign, senior bharatiya janata party leaders alleged in public meetings that leaders of bengals ruling party extorted money freely from the people and even coined the name trinamool tolabaji tax to refer to it.
chances of bahujan samaj party (bsp) national president mayawati attending an anti-nda rally called by rjd chief lalu prasad yadav at patna on august 27 are dim.
a senior bsp leader said lalu yadav called on behanji (mayawati) on sunday to urge her to participate in the rally.
lalu also told her to play a leading role in the formation of the anti-nda alliance.
she did not commit and might depute a senior leader to attend the rally, he said.
earlier, lalu had offered mayawati a rajya sabha seat from bihar.
a poster in which mayawati calls for opposition unity was uploaded on micro blogging site twitter on sunday.
in a press release on monday, mayawati said, bsp does not have a twitter account.
she rebutted reports carried in a section of media that she was joining the congress led grand alliance in the 2019 lok sabha election.
terming her poster with congress chief sonia gandhi, sp chief akhilesh yadav, west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee , rjd chief lalu prasad yadav and jd (u) leader sharad yadav as mischievous, mayawati said, reports carried in media on the basis of the poster uploaded on twitter were wrong.
after three consecutive defeats - 2012 assembly election, 2014 lok sabha election and 2017 assembly election, mayawati is striving hard to regain her lost base.
the rise of bhim army in west up and inroad made by the saffron brigade in her vote bank are giving the bsp camp the jitters.
to counter the strategy of the rival political parties she plans to start early preparation for the 2019 lok sabha elections, said a political observer ak mishra.
though she has extended support to upa presidential candidate meira kumar and vice- presidential candidate gopal krishna gandhi, she gave indication that she was not keen on the joining the anti-bjp front at a meeting of the party leaders held in the first week of august.
she is also battling opinion of senior leaders in the party who are divided over joining the congress-rjd alliance.
in the 2017 assembly election though bsp bagged merely 19 seats but it polled over 20  votes.
her resignation from the rajya sabha on july 18 for not being allowed to speak on dalit atrocities has generated sympathy among the dalit community.
she is of the view that rather than the bsp the alliance partners always benefitted in the election.
she gives example of the 1993 alliance with the samajwadi party (sp) and 1996 alliance with the congress and says while both parties gained the bsp failed to get desired seats in the assembly election.
three political workers, including two from the bharatiya janata party (bjp) and one from the trinamool congress, were killed in a clash between the supporters of the two parties in west bengals north 24 parganas district, on saturday, police said.
however, the bjp claimed five of its workers were killed, while trinamool leaders claimed that three of their workers were murdered in the clash in the hatgachi area under najat police station of sandeshkhali assembly constituency.
hatgachi is about 84 kilometers from kolkata.
bjp leader mukul roy called on union home minister amit shah on saturday night and apprised him of the situation.
a team of bjp mps will visit the area on sunday and submit a report to shah, she said.
three political workers - two of them from the bjp and another from trinamool - were killed, said a police officer.
state bjp general secretary sayantan basu claimed three of its leaders - pradip mondal, tapan mondal and sukanta mondal - were killed and five other functionaries injured in the clash.
bjp state general secretary (organisation) subrata chattopadhyay said a fourth bjp worker debabrata mondal also died of bullet injury, while 18 other villagers were missing.
later, another injured bjp worker shankar mondals body was found.
the trinamool said while its worker qayum mollah was stabbed to death, two others were thrown into the water.
according to the bjp leaders, the clash erupted after trinamool workers allegedly removed the saffron partys flags in sandeshkhali area, while local trinamool leaders accused the bjp workers of defacing their flags.
during a booth level meeting of our workers in hatgachhi, some miscreants, backed by the bjp, attacked them.
mollah, a 26-year-old trinamool worker, was taken out of the party office and stabbed to death, state minister and trinamools district president jyotipriya mallick claimed.
two other workers were thrown into the river.
eighteen trinamool workers, including six women, are injured, he said.
i would like to ask the bjp whether we dont even have the right to hold a meeting.
a large posse of police personnel, including those from the rapid action force, have been rushed to the spot.
union minister and bjp leader babul supriyo in a tweet said he was deeply disturbed about the murders of bjp functionaries.
the people of west bengal will very soon put an end to tmcs atrocities, said supriyo.
mukul roy held chief minister mamatabanerjee directly responsible for unleashing violence against the bjp workers.
(this story has been published from a wire agency feed without modifications to the text.
only the headline has been changed.
about three years ago, a school with just one teacher run by vanabandhu parishad started in a nondescript shiva temple at hatipota on the banks of the jayanti river in the buffer zone of buxa tiger reserve in north bengal.
the informal school called ekal vidyalaya imparted free tuition to tribal children of state-run primary schools.
a committee was formed with the guardians to discuss village development and create awareness about government schemes.
villagers were trained to produce organic fertiliser and grow vegetables.
shree hari satsanga samiti, an rss-inspired ngo, established a sanskar kendra to organise religious events and impart nationalistic moral teachings.
read: water from india is a poll issue in these tea gardens along the bhutan bordernow, such school-centric village development activities are taking place in 60 villages kumargram block alone.
in the whole of alipurduar district, there are 210 schools, nearly 100 of which were opened during the past two years.
as the panchayat polls draw near, bjp looks all set to reap benefits of the ground work done by the rss-inspired organisations.
significantly, comprising 54 of the states 294 assembly seats (8 of 42 lok sabha seats), north bengal is the only zone beyond the steamroller of trinamool congresss dominance.
this is the region that gave the opposition 30 of their 54 assembly seats.
read: bjp fields record number of muslim candidates for bengal panchayat pollspeople from the scheduled caste and scheduled tribes together comprise more than 45  of the regions population, north bengal is one of the most backward regions of the state.
there were 120 ekal vidyalayas in cooch behar in 2013.
there are 270 now.
in darjeeling district, 100 schools will be added by october to the 186 we have now.
in north dinajpur, 30 schools in 2015 have grown to 270 now, said rahul deb barman, office secretary of vanabandhu parishad, alipurduar.
shree hari satsang samiti and vanavasi kalyan ashram, too, are active in the tribal-dominated pockets running pre-primary informal schools and hostels for tribal students and secondary and higher secondary schools and holding social events as mass marriage.
read: amit shahs strategy: bjp treating bengal rural polls as quarter-final match before 2021 assembly electionin areas dominated by scheduled castes, organisers of rss jagran wing holds meetings with members of various dalit communities.
rss dalit wing, samajik samrasta manch, are also active.
arogya bharati, rss health wing, conducts free medical camps in tribal and dalit-dominated areas.
in april 2018, rss organisers in malda district, where muslims, scs, sts comprise 51 , 21  and 8  of the population, held meetings with members of cobbler and barber communities.
our focus in north bengal is set on the dalit and tribal population.
the idea is to create a sense of oneness among all sects and castes of the hindu society.
helping these impoverished villages to become self-reliant and getting its residents imbibed in the spirit of nationalism are other reasons behind our focus on these areas, said tarun kumar pandit, spokesperson of rss north bengal unit.
read: stakes are high for trinamool congress and bjp in upcoming bengal rural pollspandit said that rsss daily shakhas have more than doubled in numbers in the muslim-majority districts of malda and uttar dinajpur since 2015.
bjp has always benefitted from rss work.
all over india, tribal belts now have our mps and mlas.
north bengal will be no exception, said bjp bengal president dilip ghosh, who was a rss pracharak.
we are confident of capturing several gram panchayats and panchayat samities.
if people can vote freely, we may even win the alipurduar zilla parishad (district council), said manoj tigga, whose victory from the tribal-dominated madarihat assembly seat in 2016 gave the first signs of rss ground work reaping benefit for bjp.
the developments did not escape chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjees eyes.
i urge you to stay away from those informal schools and so-called satsang samitis that are working to create communal hatred, she said in a public meeting in alipurduar.
according to trinamools alipurduar mla sourav chakraborty, a prominent leader of north bengal, the party and the administration took steps following the chief ministers public speech.
we have managed to close down some of their informal schools but they are opening new ones at new places.
we are keeping watch, said chakraborty.
the west bengal government is readying its defence for a controversial decision to shelter dozens of rohingya families in various parts of the state ahead of a meeting between prime minister narendra modi and his bangladeshi counterpart, sheikh hasina, at santiniketan on friday.
bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee will also be present at the convocation of the visva-bharati university, an institution founded by rabindranath tagore that modi heads in the capacity of chancellor.
senior state officials said that while no meeting was planned between the three, they want to take no chances.
the issue of rohingya resettlement is one of the many subjects on which mamatabanerjee differs sharply with the bjp-led central government.
the centre and the state government have been at loggerheads on the issue of settling rohingyas on indian soil.
therefore, the state government wants to be ready with all the facts.
details of every settlement are being collected, and every rohingya staying in bengal now holds the united nations refugee card, said a senior official with the state secretariat.
nobody except the chief minister will go on record on this issue.
though the issue is not on the agenda, we will be prepared even if the question is raised informally, he added.
while the modi government wants to deport all rohingya refugees, who are considered as the most persecuted ethnic minority in the world, the bengal chief minister publicly expressed her empathy for them last year.
we support the un appeal to help the rohingya people.
we believe that all commoners are not terrorists.
we are really concerned, mamatabanerjee tweeted in september 2017.
several dozens of rohingya families have been accommodated in different villages of the south 24-parganas district by ngos, an initiative that received the tacit support of local trinamool congress leaders.
earlier this month, union minister of state for drinking water and sanitation ss ahluwalia alleged that the west bengal government had accommodated over 320 rohingya families from myanmar at deolo, lava forest, melli and rangpo in the north bengal hills.
darjeeling and kalimpong districts and the dooars region share three international borders, all of which are porous.
settlement of rohingyas in this sensitive region can pose a serious national security threat, the bjp mp from darjeeling wrote in a letter to modi on may 3.
bangladesh has absorbed about five lakh rohingya refugees fleeing persecution in myanmar, and sheikh hasina has been urging international communities to share the responsibility of sheltering the population on humanitarian grounds.
many refugees in india have come from bangladeshi camps, which have become overcrowded due to the heavy influx of rohingyas from the countrys eastern neighbour.
if theatrics are an integral part of indian politics then left and congress mlas at the bengal assembly certainly did their best to steal the limelight on friday.
while finance minister amit mitra placed the budget with chief minister mamatabanerjee by his side, opposition mlas, who boycotted the days session in protest against a proposed anti-arson law, held a mock budget session on the lawn outside the house with all the trappings of a street theatre.
a couple of news channels went live with the unique protest.
i seek permission from the honourable speaker before placing the budget, said congress mla and retired ias officer sukhbilas barma who played finance minister.
entrusted with the coveted role of the speaker and armed with a full-scale replica of the mace placed inside the house, veteran rsp leader and former minister biswanath choudhury took position beside congress mlas one of whom even played chief minister.
read: by 2018-19 trinamool government set to overtake debt raised by the lefti am happy to announce that bicycles will be given to school students but these will be manufactured in bengal.
we will not allow purchase from companies based in other states, barma went while members of the mock assembly applauded.
the same rule will apply to other goodies that are given away, he added.
barma even rebuked the minister for cattle smuggling and minister for coal smuggling for failing to generate enough revenue.
they were subsequently sacked as well.
the mock session was almost as long as the real budget session.
apparently the opposition was eager to keep the media engaged.
however when the real chief minister called a press conference, most of the media-persons rushed to duty.
in another low in coarsening political discourse in the ongoing lok sabha elections, bjp president amit shah on monday described west bengal as kangal bangla.
hitting back in an equally disturbing comment, trinamool spokesperson derek obrien called the bjp president pukeworthy.
derek questioned shahs audacity to use such a term for the state of west bengal and said that the people of bengal will give him and modi a fitting reply in phase 7.
addressing a rally at canning in joynagar lok sabha constituency, shah said mamatabanerjee has turned sonar bangla (golden bengal) into kangal (pauper) bangla.
shah also promised that he will restore bengals glory.
the bjp leader also dared west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee to arrest him for chanting jai shri ram, claiming that the tmc supremo can stop him from attending rallies in bengal, but wont be able to stop bjps victory march in the state.
mamata didi gets angry if someone chants jai shri ram.
i am chanting jai shri ram here today, if you (mamata) have the guts, arrest me.
i will be in kolkata tomorrow.
a video clip showing mamatabanerjee fuming at people for chanting jai shri ram in ghatal lok sabha seat went viral on social media recently.
on a day when the situation in darjeeling showed signs of returning to normal, the mamatabanerjee government mounted further pressure on gorkha janmukti morcha president and gorkhaland territorial administration ceo bimal gurung by adding six more officers to the existing team of six-member special audit team probing financial misconduct in gta.
the 12-member team will scrutinise finances of the semi-autonomous body since it was set up in 2012.
according to state secretariat sources, the finance department will file police complaint is they could spot irregularities.
read: if i dont fight for gorkhaland, hill people will not spare me: bimal gurungthe need to double the strength of the auditors was felt as the government is in a hurry to wrap up the exercise as soon as possible.
army personnel kept patrolling the streets of darjeeling on saturday.
(bikram sashanker)on saturday, the six-member team that reached darjeeling on friday to conduct the special audit met gta secretary don bosco lepcha, chief controller of finance nimesh sundas, financial officer sangey bhutia and the audit officer.
the team will formally begin its audit from monday, sources told ht.
the team will visit different gta offices in darjeeling.
earlier he used to indulge in financial irregularities.
but now that i come here regularly, it has become diffcult.
therefore, he is angry, remarked mamatabanerjee addressing the media on saturday.
though she did not name anybody, it was obvious that her target was the gta chief executive.
on the ground, the situation was nearly normal in darjeeling.
as calm prevailed, some tourists were seen going to the hill station from siliguri.
the scene of locals distributing food to stranded tourists was not to be seen in darjeeling on saturday.
(ht photo)the term of gta ends this month and it is clear that if financial irregularities are established, the ruling party of the state will go all out to use it against gjm in the campaign to the run up of the gta elections next month.
only in may, trinamool congress posted its first electoral victory in the hills by winning the mirik municipal elections after tying up with gorkha national liberation front.
read: mamatabanerjee govt steps up pressure on bimal gurung after darjeeling clashesin the first gta elections in 2012, gjm won all the 45 seats.
trinamool congress contested 17 seats but lost all.
trinamool leaders have alleged that gjm has indulged in financial irregularities while running gta for the past five years.
the government also sent darjeeling police super amit p javalgee on leave from june 10 as a punishment for failure to prevent the violence in the hills on thursday.
akhilesh chaturvedi, deputy commissioner, central division, kolkata police has replaced javalgee.
the inspector-in charge of kalimpong and kurseong police stations were also removed.
gta was formed following a tripartite agreement on july 18, 2011 in pintail village near siliguri in the presence of union home minister p chidambaram and bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjee.
three people drowned and at least 13, including two women, went missing on wednesday when a wooden jetty in west bengals hooghly district collapsed during the morning high tide in the hooghly river, officials said.
the incident took place at telenipara in bhadreshwar area of hooghly, about 35 km north of kolkata, around 11.
15am when around 70 people were waiting for boats that ferry passengers to jetties on the other bank.
witnesses said the old and poorly-maintained structure gave way when it was hit by the waves.
local people dived into the choppy waters and rescued 18 people, who were later taken to the chandernagore government hospital.
search operation being carried out after a jetty collapsedat bhadreswar in west bengal on wednesday.
police divers were looking for the missing people till late in the afternoon, district officials said.
the chief minister also ordered a probe and asked the trinamool mla from chandernagore, indranil sen, who was on tour with her, to rush back.
search operation being carried out after the collapse of a jetty at bhadreswar in west bengal on wednesday.
(pti)a local resident, rakesh gupta, told the media that despite repeated appeals, the administration did not care to repair the jetty for a long time.
nor did it provide inflated car tubes -- the standard and cheaper alternative to life belts in jetties across india -- in adequate numbers for use during accidents like the one on wednesday.
incidentally, the death of gangasagar pilgrims at jetties on the sagar island in the bay of bengal hit headlines several times over the years.
on january 16 this year, at least six elderly pilgrims died while returning from the gangasagar fair.
people at the spot claimed that there was a stampede but the state government attributed the deaths to heart attack.
too many pilgrims reportedly rushed to board a vessel that was ferrying people to the mainland.
the memories are faint but the scars run deep.
exactly 50 years ago , police inspector sonam wangdi was killed in naxalbari in a peasant uprising that quickly snowballed into a conflagration singeing large swathes of india and killing hundreds.
wangi was the first casualty of what is now known the world over as the naxal movement.
but lhadom wangdi, the policemans widow, says all the deaths including that of her husband were in vain.
the naxal movement cannot be justified as only innocent people got killed.
.
.
my husband was unarmed, his death was a huge loss.
what stings the 81-year-old today is how her husbands death was reduced to a footnote in the remarkable history of the naxalbari movement.
for four decades, she collected just rs 1,300 as his monthly pension.
it has been recently hiked to rs 3,000.
is this not ridiculous?
sonam wangdi was the first casualty of the naxal movement.
(ht photo)lhadom, a doctor by profession, gave birth to her son in july 1967 and today lives with her two children in darjeeling.
sonam won the presidents police medal but was quickly forgotten, even in the hill town where a small road is named after him.
to avoid painful memories, the family left their sprawling house in siliguri that for 30 years housed the state intelligence office, ironically coordinating strategy to vanquish the radical left ideology that killed sonam.
sadananda roy chowdhury had no such luck.
the 60-year-old lives a stones throw away from naxalbari, ringed by the families of the killers of his grandfather nagen, the first landlord to be lynched by the naxalites a month before sonam was killed.
the man who murdered nagen died last month, and his daughter works under sadananda in a local trade union.
people dont like naxals even now, and they gave our area a bad name.
i met many naxals and asked them was the killing good?
they all recognize the mistakes.
sadananda was 10 then but remembers how his mother fled with the children as peasants crashed through the door around 10am and captured nagen for a public hearing.
in his memoirs, leading naxal ideologue kanu sanyal wrote nagen tortured peasants and refused to heed to their genuine demands for more grain.
but sadananda denies this, instead pointing out the loot of grain and valuables, and the tortuous nine-hour hiding that saved his mother and himself.
when they returned home late at night, it had been ransacked, his father was dead and blood oozed everywhere.
the naxalbari of today bears little signs of the bloody struggle that put it on the world map.
rickety but colourful buses jostle for space in the central square that is overrun with baahubali posters, and cratered roads betray the poverty of the region.
like every small bengal town, many shops shut by sundown except for the scores flaunting new smartphones, and stale sweets.
the nepal border is just five kilometers away and petty smuggling has entrenched itself in recent years.
a four-lane highway is coming up to divert traffic from the narrow village road where an occasional royal enfield bullet or pulsar roars by.
a big block of flats is planned there.
the beniajot high school that houses iconic statues of left ideologues is now a regular evening hang-out for local boys.
most of them wear snazzy t-shirts.
two have coloured their hair.
which filmstar did you copy it from?
honey singh produm singh shyly replies.
most of the others havent heard of the naxals.
but they know trinamool or bjp, says nripen singh, a student at the local naxalbari college.
by then, evening is falling and several egg-roll and chowmein stalls throng the main market, little rings of young men around each one.
do you know what naxalbari is known for, we ask a group of class 12 students  yes, some terrorists used to live here, but thats a long time ago, pat comes the reply.
the naxalbari of today bears little signs of the bloody struggle that put it on the world map.
(samir jana/ht photo)this exodus of youth support proved disastrous for the left that was swept out of power six years ago.
the cpi (ml) appears to evoke little reaction in its birthplace either.
but another organisation is slowly spreading its reach in the erstwhile left citadel, scooping up hundreds of young men and women in what seems to be an addictive ideology in a region that has seen little development.
in the heart of naxalbari stands a school run by the rashtriya swayamsevak sangh affiliates that started two decades ago but has thrived in recent years.
the school today has 500-plus students until class 8 and has applied for higher secondary clearance.
its chief and rss district in-charge sujit das  who was born and has lived his life in naxalbari -- says more disillusioned youth walk into the arms of the sangh everyday.
there was so many years of left rule.
but people suffered.
even today, it is impossible to get medical attention for a woman in labour in naxalbari.
hence, people have come to us.
the soft-spoken das is in his early thirties, and is married with two children.
he alleges the rss is the only force fighting chief minister mamatabanerjee who has pandered to muslims and helped their population explode.
most districts will become muslim majority in a few years.
bangladeshi immigrants are given illegal obc cards.
these charges are not new.
neither is the rss draw in a region riven with poverty and caste.
we are the only organisation where a sweeper can sleep on any bed or eat anywhere.
dalits arent discriminated.
thats what the sangh has taught us.
we get people together.
morning prayers at the vanavasi kalyan ashram that caters to tribals and tea-garden workers.
(samir jana/ht photo)but what is remarkable is how deftly the sangh has maneouvered to take the pro-poor space that the enfeebled left vacated.
top rss leaders have camped in north bengal for months, and a big camp for new recruits is ongoing in malda.
there are several camps and new shakhas that have sprouted across the impoverished north bengal region , often besting official facilities on infrastructure and discipline -- das school forbids students from plucking fruits and one lychee is shared by four students.
there are four such schools in the area, in addition to a tribal-focussed vanavasi kalyan ashram on the outskirts of siliguri, that houses a skill, sewing and medical centre, and caters to desperately poor tribals and tea garden labourers.
the government school next door is dilapidated.
our teachers are punctual, they go home to home to give coaching.
who else will do this?
the people have rejected naxalism.
the bloodsucking left has been replaced by nationalism, a triumphant das says.
a massive relief and restoration effort went underway in odisha on saturday, a day after cyclone fani killed at least 16 people and left a trail of devastation in the coastal state, snapping power and electricity supplies, and telecommunication links.
the authorities were trying to assess the extent of the damage done by the cyclone, which was accompanied by winds gusting up to 205 kilometres per hour that uprooted trees, toppled power pylons, and disrupted road, rail and air traffic.
lack of access to remote areas and disruption of telecommunications was proving to be a hindrance in the rescue and relief effort.
this is a rarest of rare summer cyclone, the first such to hit odisha in 43 years, chief minister naveen patnaik said in his first remarks after the storm, whose name means hood of the snake.
thousands of emergency workers, people from civil society organisations and personnel of national and local disaster response teams were engaged in relief operations, patnaik said in a statement before conducting an aerial survey of the cyclone-battered areas.
watch | crane topples on building; bus blown away: cyclone fani destruction on cameight people were killed in the storm on friday and the death toll increased to 16 on saturday, and the authorities said the number could go up.
that the number of fatalities was so low was seen as a testament to the disaster management skills developed over the years by odisha, where in 1999, between 9,000 and 10,000 people perished in a super cyclone.
patnaik said a record 1.
2 million people were evacuated within 24 hours from ganjam, puri and other vulnerable areas.
almost 7,000 kitchens catering to 9,000 shelters were made functional overnight.
this mammoth exercise involved more than 45,000 volunteers, he said.
on saturday, fani crossed over into west bengal and moved northeast toward bangladesh, weakening from a severe cyclonic storm to a cyclonic storm.
at least a dozen people were confirmed killed in bangladesh.
rain lashed kolkata and trees and electricity poles were uprooted in coastal towns such as digha, mandarmani and tajpura.
prime minister narendra modi spoke to patnaik and discussed the situation in the aftermath of fanis landfall.
the entire nation stands in solidarity with all those affected by the cyclone in different parts day after tomorrow, on the 6th morning, i will be going to odisha to take stock of the situation arising in the wake of cyclone fani, he tweeted.
the districts of puri and khurda were the worst affected, patnaik said, adding that cuttack, bhadrak, kendrapara, jagatsinghpur, balasore, mayurbhanj, keonjhar, dhenkanal and nayagarh were also hit by the cyclone.
in puri and parts of khurda, where the electricity infrastructure has totally been devastated, we have the challenge of having to set up the entire electrification afresh, he added.
engineers and technicians were working to restore services after electricity poles and mobile towers were uprooted in several coastal areas.
thousands of trees were blocking the streets in vast swathes of the state.
railway officials said train services will run normally from bhubaneswar from sunday, though they will be available only for those trains that originate from the state capital.
the services were kept on hold as the rail lines were damaged by the cyclone.
till now, we are unable to reach disconnected blocks such as krushnsprasad, bramhagiri and astaranga.
though we have managed to somehow clear the national highway connecting bhubaneswar and the roads in the town, many interior roads are still inaccessible.
we have pressed ndrf [national disaster response force] and odraf [odisha disaster rapid action force] teams for the job, said puri district collector jyoti prakash das.
people in the town struggled with heat and lack of drinking water.
i have lost my home to the cyclone.
theres nothing to eat and not a drop of water to drink.
i am forced to buy bottled water.
how do i feed my five kids?
said pushpalata patra, a resident.
the states special relief commissioner bishnupada sethi said restoring power and mobile connectivity was a huge challenge.
by monday, we are trying to restore bsnl connectivity in puri and bhubaneswar.
we are trying to restore power in large parts of bhubaneswar by sunday.
in puri, power restoration will take at least a week, sethi said.
santosh das, public relations officer of the state disaster management department, said the plan for rebuilding grounded houses will be made after assessing the extent of the damage.
whether the government will seek help in building [houses] will be decided after completing an assessment of the nature and extent of damage, dash said.
odisha energy secretary hemant sharma said 10,000 electric poles in bhubaneswar were completely damaged, affecting about three million consumers.
i dont know when the officials will restore power.
it will take at least three months to bring my hotel back in shape, said laxmidhar sahu, who owns a hotel in puri.
the eastern naval command of the indian navy also launched rescue and rehabilitation efforts in the state.
based on aerial surveys, the command was undertaking a three-pronged rescue and rehabilitation effort centred around puri and its suburbs in coordination with the state government.
food material, essential medical supplies, clothing items, disinfectants, repair material, chain saws for removing damaged trees, torches and batteries, etc.
, have been sent to the ins chilka, a naval establishment at odisha, closest to puri, it said.
the indian air force said it was launching 3 c-130j super hercules aircraft from hindon with relief material, emergency equipment and medicines.
mayor of kolkata on thursday directed advertisers to take down all hoardings in the city to prevent them from injuring people if they are dislodged by the force of strong winds as cyclone fani hurtled towards neighbouring odishas puri.
the decision was taken during a meeting of the kolkata municipal corporation (kmc) in the city, about 500km away from odishas coastal temple town of puri, where the cyclone is supposed to make landfall on friday.
kmc will also evacuate the residents of the dilapidated buildings in the city and take them to nearby schools to prevent any loss of life, kolkata mayor firhad hakim said.
hakim also said kmc will issue residential certificates in order to allay fears among some residents of such dilapidated buildings that real estate promoters may grab their houses if they vacate them.
kmc along with the departments of disaster management and irrigation have already cancelled the leaves of employees till further orders.
follow updates herethe administration in seven to eight districts, especially in the coastal areas, is on high alert.
the chief secretary held a meeting with all the relevant departments.
also read| pm chairs high-level meet to review cyclone fani preparednesshotel owners in tourist spots along west bengals coastline such as digha, mandarmani, tajpur and shankarpur fear a loss of business even if their resorts escape the brunt of the storms fury.
digha, bengals most popular beach resort, is about 342 kilometres east of puri and close to the odisha border.
there are about 650 hotels in the area that attracts average footfalls of about 0.
2 million people every day.
even if you take a bare minimum of them spending rs 600 per head per day, the direct loss of business is at least rs 12 crore a day, said bipradas chakrabarti, secretary of the digha shankarpur hoteliers association.
president of the association girish raut said many tourists have cancelled bookings following an alert about cyclone fani.
raut fears that even the thousands of tourists who take the four to five-hour drive to digha and the other popular coastal town without prior reservations will desist from doing so over the next several days.
we have arranged six rescue centres.
we are urging tourists to leave, and in any case, not to venture near the sea till the weather becomes normal, said partha ghosh, district magistrate in east midnapore.
mocking prime minister narendra modi for his failure to build ram temple at ayodhya in the last five years, west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee criticised him for seeking votes in the name of soldiers and martyrs.
armed forces belong to each and every indian and modi and bjp should not think the forces to be their fiefdom, she said at an election rally here in uttar dinajpur district.
for the last five years he could not build the ram temple (at ayodhya).
but whenever election approaches, he rakes up the issue.
the people are not fools.
you cannot befool them every time, she said and mentioned that she has respect for every religion in the country.
the trinamool congress supremo said modi should be ashamed to seek votes in the name of soldiers and martyrs.
banerjee said, he is now seeking votes in the name of martyrs and soldiers as if the army belongs to him, as if it their fiefdom.
armed forces belong to everybody.
it is our pride.
he should first answer why so many jawans were killed in pulwama despite intelligence inputs of such an attack.
comparing narendra modi and bjp president amit shah with duryodhana and dushshasana of the mahabharata, she claimed that they are trying to take away the independence of the country.
(this story has been published from a wire agency feed without modifications to the text.
only the headline has been changed.
indiaupdated: aug 14, 2019 15:59 istcongress mp adhir ranjan chowdhury on tuesday hit out at the income tax department over its clarification on notices given to durga puja committees stating that it is giving birth to tax terrorism.
income tax department is questioning the functioning of durga puja committees and asking them to file tax returns.
they are creating a scenario to make it seem like these committees are using black money.
income tax officials are becoming tax terrorists, who are giving birth to tax terrorism, chowdhury said here at the congress party office.
he said it is the people of west bengal who donate their hard-earned money for setting up pandals and for the puja.
the culture of giving money for the puja is not new.
it is a very old tradition in kolkata, he said.
meanwhile, protesting against the centre for issuing income tax notices to several durga puja committees in the city, the trinamool congress said that festivals should be exempt from tax.
claiming that there is something fishy about the income tax departments stand on durga puja, the congress lawmaker said: if anyone from the political parties attends, donates or celebrates this festival then it is wrong to attach durga puja with any political party.
he added it is not acceptable that the environment of the puja is being destroyed.
i will not support this move and protest against the income tax department, he said.
west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee also slammed the central board of direct taxation (cbdt) over its clarification on the notice to durga puja committees and claimed that it was factually incorrect.
she termed tax deduction at source (tds) as terrible disaster scheme.
cbdt clarification that no notices have been issued for this year makes little sense.
it is only obvious that for pujas held this year, notices will only be issued next year, which is as per their scheme of tax assessment, mamatabanerjee explained asking why the agency was misleading people.
banerjee said that the cbdts press release is a sheer distortion of facts with an aim to create confusion in the minds of local people and puja committees.
this is an attack on our culture and on our durga puja festival.
i do not know whether this is being done knowingly or unknowingly, but it is certainly in bad taste, especially when people of all religions, caste and creed participate in our durga puja, she said.
she demanded the taxation be withdrawn and said that the festival should be allowed to be celebrated with its usual fervour.
trinamool congress delivered a thumping victory in the violence-ridden rural polls, pushing bjp to a distant second position and virtually reducing the left and the congress to irrelevance in all three tiers of the panchayat structure.
the rural polls are significant since it is the last pan-bengal exercise before the lok sabha elections and would indicate the support base for the different parties.
while bjp aims to win at least 22 of the lok sabha seats in the state, trinamool supremo and west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee , who is trying to help form an anti-bjp front of regional parties for the parliament elections, looks toward an opposition-mukt state at every level.
till 8 pm, the ruling party had won 19,394 (68 ) of the 28,456 gram panchayat seats, the results for which were declared.
it also bagged 1,842 (88.
34 ) of the 2,085 panchayat samiti seats and 62 of the 63 zilla parishad seats declared till then.
bjp managed to win 5,050 (17.
7 ) of the gram panchayat and 166 (7.
9 ) of the panchayat samiti seats.
left won 1,480 seats (5.
2 ) and 32 seats (1.
5 ) and the gram panchayat and panchayat samiti tiers.
congress managed just 918 (3.
2 ) and 14 (0.
6 ) at the two levels.
however, despite the bjps overall distant second position, it made a mark in the former maoist belts in the districts of jhargram, purulia, west midnapore and bankura  a region where mamatabanerjee was fond of highlighting the governments welfare projects.
the bjp, cpi(m) and maoists contested together as one.
despite that we have won 90  seats.
there was sporadic violence that we never wanted.
but out of the 13 people who died, 10 were trinamool supporters.
bjp has done better in some of the districts that border bangladesh, bihar and jharkhand.
they brought in troublemakers from bangladesh and big money from bihar, jharkhand and assam, she alleged.
bjps bengal unit chief, said they were advancing steadily.
in some of the districts we have done well.
we will do better in the lok sabha polls.
state congress president adhir ranjan chowdhury met governor keshari nath tripathi and pleaded for imposition of presidents rule according to article 356 of the constitution, or central intervention to protect from internal disturbance according to article 355.
for the ruling party, the show was far more impressive than what it achieved in 2013, when the first rural polls were held after trinamool congress swept out the 34-year-old left front government in may 2011.
in the 2013 elections, trinamool had won 25,175 (51.
61 ) of the gram panchayat seats, 5,306 (57.
47 ) of the panchayat samiti seats and 531 (64.
44 ) of the zilla parishad seats.
both the left and the congress suffered the most.
after the 2013 elections, the left came to control two zilla parishads jalpaiguri and north dinajpur, while the congress got hold of murshidabad.
trinamool won 13 of the 17 zilla parishads.
independents (mostly disgruntled trinamool elements) got seats at the gram panchayat and panchayat samiti level that were more than both the left and the congress.
this year, the ruling party seemed set to control all 20 zilla parishads.
in tarakeswar of hooghly district and majdia of nadia district, ruling party supporters allegedly stormed counting centres.
in several districts, clashes erupted between the supporters of congress and bjp.
elections were held in 20 districts.
of the 58,692 seats up for grabs, in as many as 20,076 (34.
3 ) opposition candidates could not file nominations, something that opposition parties attributed to violence by ruling party supporters.
the supreme court has directed the sec not to announce the results in those seats without its consent.
income tax authorities are investigating discrepancies detected in the permanent account number held by rujira naroola alias rujira mamatabanerjee  wife of west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjees nephew and tmc mp abhishek mamatabanerjee  which she apparently procured as an indian citizen despite having a thai passport, three government officials with direct knowledge of the matter said.
the home ministry has also been asked to investigate the overseas citizenship of india (oci) card issued to her and her friend, menka gambhir, the officials added, asking not to be named.
the finance ministry (which oversees the tax department) is the latest to step into what has become a political slugfest between the trinamool congress and the bharatiya janata party, which are locked in an intense, and sometimes violent electoral battle in west bengal.
it all started on the intervening night of march 15-16, when customs officials on duty at the netaji subhas chandra bose international airport (nscbi), kolkata accosted the two women, who had arrived from bangkok on the suspicion that they were trying to smuggle in something.
a tiff erupted, rujira mamatabanerjee made a call, and the state police appeared inside the airport to escort the women out -- without customs clearance.
the kolkata airports air intelligence unit filed a fir on march 22, a copy of which has been seen by ht.
the officials said that while ocis can live and work in india indefinitely, they are expected to get pans as foreign citizens and not as indian citizens.
after the customs department flagged these issues, the revenue department shot off a letter to the home ministry in this regard.
according to the letter, a copy of which has been seen by ht, rujira naroola (alias rujira banerjee) had been found with the passport and oci card issued to her as a citizen of thailand.
the documents mention her fathers name as niphon naroola.
however, it has been found that for the pan issued to ms naroola under the name of rujira mamatabanerjee , the fathers name has been mentioned as gursharan singh ahuja, the letter said, adding, while gambhirs has a passport and an oci card as a citizen of thailand, it has been found that she has obtained a pan as a citizen of india.
the home ministry is now asked to look into the issue.
tmc mp abhishek mamatabanerjee did not respond to an email seeking comment.
a tmc spokesman, however, said the matter is politically motivated and continues the trend of political vendetta by prime minister narendra modi and bjp president amit shah against political opponents.
the three government officials quoted above said that the matter is of serious nature, a breach of national security and added that claims being made that the issue has been are not correct.
the last is a reference to media reports citing an rti application filed by an activist with kolkata customs and the response, which states that no one has been detained or accosted in kolkata airport thus far this year for illegally carrying gold into indiaon may 11, the central board of indirect taxes and customs (cbic) had issued a statement on may 11.
it said the rti application had sought information concerning detention of one ms. jasmit ahuja mamatabanerjee (another name of rujira banerjee), and on the night of 16.
03.
2019 or in early morning of 17.
03.
2019 (and not in the intervening night of 15-16.
03.
2019 when the incident described above occurred).
accordingly, the reply of rti was given with respect to the query on jasmit ahuja banerjee.
a professor at dr shakuntala misra national rehabilitation university, lucknow, courted controversy with his facebook post describing west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee as goddess durga (mahishasura mardini -- slayer of mahishasura).
it also made a sarcastic mention about an unnamed person, whom he compared to a parrot.
professor of hindi department, dr devendra nath singh, wrote on facebook, on monday: atal bihari vajpayee once referred to indira gandhi as durga.
to me, if there is anyone who resembles durga, it is mamatabanerjee banerjee.
referring to the ongoing cbi-kolkata police episode unfolding in bengal, singh further wrote: after raiding the delhi cms office, the cbi got excited.
having taken a dip in kumbh, the parrot flew straight to bengal.
little did he know that fighter mamatabanerjee didi lives there.
when contacted, singh said that his post should be viewed as not that of a professor, but that by a littrateur.
i have not referred to any political leader as parrot.
many people took a holy dip in kumbh and went to bengal.
people should not read my post with any political angle.
there was no disrespect meant for any leader.
to those who are calling the post controversial, i have nothing to say.
however, the post did not go down well with the university teaching fraternity.
professor pushpendra mishra of commerce department who is the patron of the rashtriya shaikshik mahasangh (university unit) said, reading the post, one can easily make out as to whom prof dn singh was referring to as parrot.
it is a disrespectful to our leader who heads the governing body of the university.
prof singh is also a varsity spokesperson and this was not expected from him.
his post is highly objectionable.
the opposition parties will leave no stone unturned to garner support for presidential election, west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee said.
in an exclusive chat with ht, she also hoped that the opposition combination leads to an anti-bjp political formation for the 2019 general elections.
we will talk to all possible sources of support.
we will play our game and leave no stone unturned to reach out to other parties, she said.
the term of president pranab mukherjee ends in july.
banerjee, who had tried to rope in her delhi counterpart arvind kejriwal in the opposition camp, indicated she is in touch with her odisha counterpart naveen patnaik, shiv sena and other parties.
the congress-led opposition is falling short by more than 1.
5 lakh votes from the majority mark and its an uphill task for them to get their candidate elected.
the bjp-led nda, which rules most of the bigger states and enjoys comfortable majority in the lok sabha, appears to have an advantage in the election.
but mamatabanerjee maintained, i will be really happy if pranab da (president mukherjee) gets another term in office.
it all however depends on the government to build a consensus around his name.
odishas ruling bjd has around 36,500 votes in the electoral college of the presidential election while sena has more than 25,800 votes.
naveen and i are old friends.
i am talking to him for presidential election, said the bengal cm.
she is the second opposition leader after cpi(m) general secretary sitaram yechury to woo patnaik for the upcoming poll for the countrys top office.
banerjees trinamool has the largest vote share after the bjp and the congress in the electoral college with 64,500 votes.
on tuesday, she met congress president sonia gandhi and pledged her support for an opposition candidate.
trinamool sources said that she has also spoken to bahujan samaj party chief mayawati.
on the day she spoke to gandhi, same evening didi had a long conversation with mayawati, claimed one of banerjees trusted lieutenants.
banerjee is popularly referred to as didi, meaning elder sister in bengali.
but right now, its too early to say.
parties should realize that the bjp is ruining the social and democratic fabric of our country.
even as her party fought against the congress-left combination in bengal last year, trinamool chief said, she maintains excellent equation with both congress president sonia gandhi and vice president rahul gandhi.
we know each other for a long time.
sonia ji knows me very well.
some state-level congress leaders behave very badly but that doesnt mean that my relationship with gandhi family is spoiled, she said.
indiaupdated: sep 15, 2019 21:44 istsix men, who tried to lynch a woman on saturday night suspecting her to be a child lifter and even attacked a police team that came to her rescue, were nabbed near siliguri in north bengal before being sent to judicial custody for five days on sunday.
assistant public prosecutor sushant niyogi said, a woman was assaulted on the suspicion of being a child lifter on saturday night in siliguri.
when police reached the spot the mob vandalised their vehicles and assaulted the officers.
while the police tried to restore order the injured woman fled.
incidents of mob rage are on the rise in bengal.
a man was lynched at salanpur area of asansol in west burdwan district on wednesday morning, again on the suspicion of being a child lifter.
the man was declared dead on arrival at the hospital.
we are trying to establish the identity of the victim, said abhishek gupta, deputy commissioner, zone 1, asansol durgapur police.
this was the second death by lynching since the state assembly passed the west bengal (prevention of lynching) bill 2019 on august 30.
three other victims of attempted lynchings managed to survive.
the (prevention of lynching) bill 2019, provides for life imprisonment for injuring a person and capital punishment for causing death.
the left and the congress supported the bill, however, the bharatiya janata party (bjp) opposed it.
lynching is a social evil and all of us have to come together to fight against this evil.
the supreme court has given direction to take action against lynching.
the central government should have brought a law against it.
but as it is yet to do so, we are bringing this law in our state.
a defence framework agreement and us $500-million credit to buy indian military hardware are likely to be signed during bangladeshi prime minister sheikh hasinas four-day visit from friday, but the protracted teesta water pact is off the table.
dhaka and new delhi dont have any long-term defence cooperation pact, but two memorandums of understanding (mou) are expected in this sector.
besides, the two neighbours may sign two dozen agreements on a wide range of subjects, including counter-terrorism cooperation, trade, transport, energy and investment.
but the much-delayed teesta water-sharing pact will remain on hold as the centre has failed to get west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on board.
teesta is a work in progress, said sripriya ranghanathan, joint secretary in charge of bangladesh in the foreign ministry.
banerjee, though, will attend president pranab mukherjees banquet for hasina.
the teesta river is crucial for the neighbouring low-lying country, especially during the lean december-march season when the water flow reduces from 5,000 cusecs to less than 1,000.
a water-sharing pact was set to be inked during then prime minister manmohan singhs visit to bangladesh in september 2011.
but it was postponed at the last minute because of banerjees objections.
the west bengal chief minister objected to a 50-50 water-sharing ratio for the lean season, which she said would go against her states interests.
her governments consent is essential as water is a state subject constitutionally, and the teesta originates in sikkim and flows through west bengal before entering bangladesh.
another top bilateral agenda would be better connectivity between the two countries.
the issue will come up during talks between prime minister narendra modi and the ruling bangladesh awami league leader hasina on saturday.
an mou is likely to be signed to run indian passenger and goods trains through bangladesh, a move that will benefit the northeastern states.
a bus and train service between kolkata and khulna will be launched during hasinas visit, as also a rail link from radhikapur in north bengal.
energy cooperation has shown a lot of positivity with india already transmitting additional power to its eastern neighbour.
senior bjp leader mukul roy saturday claimed that nearly 107 mlas, a majority of them from the ruling tmc in west bengal, are in touch with the saffron party and are likely to join it very soon.
several trinamool congress (tmc) leaders, both at the state and district levels, have lost confidence in the mamatabanerjee banerjee-led party and are fed up with the way it is functioning, he told a group of reporters here.
nearly 107 mlas are in touch with us.
majority of them are from the tmc.
few are from the congress and the cpi(m).
they are willing to join the saffron camp very soon, roy said.
he, however, did not provide any further details.
roys comments comes amid several tmc councillors returning to the party after switching to the bjp.
since the lok sabha poll results, in which the bjp won 18 out of the 42 parliamentary seats in the state, six tmc mlas and one each from the congress and the cpi(m) switched to the saffron party.
roy, a former tmc leader who joined the saffron camp in 2017 following differences with mamatabanerjee , also mocked the trinamool congress over it appointing political strategist prashant kishor.
the appointment of prashant kishor is an ample evidence that the tmc has lost confidence in the so called charisma of mamatabanerjee banerjee.
that is why it needs a political strategist to save its sinking ship, he said.
kishor recently held a series of meetings with mamatabanerjee and her nephew abhishek mamatabanerjee over the tmcs performance in the lok sabha polls and on the ways to revive it ahead of the 2021 west bengal assembly polls.
(this story has been published from a wire agency feed without modifications to the text.
only the headline has been changed.
bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjees diktat to trinamool congress leaders and peoples representatives at all levels to return the cut money they extorted from beneficiaries of welfare schemes since 2011 has opened a pandoras box.
echoing allegations made by prime minister narendra modi and bharatiya janata party president amit shah during lok sabha poll campaign, hundreds of people, ranging from landless farmers to businessmen, are publicly naming tmc leaders who have taken money from them.
opposition leaders and political observers feel that this will have severe repercussions on the prospects of the tmc in the civic body polls in 2020 and assembly elections in 2021.
she alleged that some tmc leaders dont even spare the dead and charge rs 200 from releasing the sum of rs 2,000 the state government gives to poor people to cremate family members.
on june 19, following a mass demonstration at ratura in malda district, police had to arrest sukesh yadav, a former gram panchayat pradhan on charges of embezzling rs 1 crore from nirmal bangla project funds.
in the same case a government employee, pramod kumar sarkar, was arrested on saturday.
allegations are pouring in and demonstrations are taking place across districts every day.
the accused range from common panchayat members and civic body leaders to a rajya sabha mp.
on saturday, tmc removed shanta sarkar, the vice chairman of rajpur-sonarpur municipality in the southern fringes of kolkata following allegations of corruption.
i only followed orders from the party.
i dont know why this was done but the post of the vice chairman has been done away with, said pallab kumar das, the chairman.
in birbhum district, villagers at sainthia demonstrated outside the home of panchayat member dalim bagdi alleging that he embezzled funds from the prime minister awas yojna and nirmal bangla project.
people in the districts parui village demanded the arrest of panchayat pradhan sirajul shah for allegedly embezzling their dues accrued under national rural employment guarantee act (nrega) project.
also read: tmc cries conspiracy as bengal still on edgeeven as local tmc leaders claimed that the bjp engineered the agitations, residents of mangalkot in burdwan district set up a kangaroo court on sunday morning and forced a tmc leader and his associate promise that he would return all the money he took from them.
kalimoy gangopadhyay, the tmc panchayat leader accused in mangalkot said, i took the money at the instruction of tmcs regional president ramjan sheikh.
he told us that the party would not give any money to run the local organisation and we would have to arrange our own funds by charging from villagers.
gangopadhyays associate, apurba ghosh, the second accused said, we raised around rs 3 lakh.
we will sell our land and return the money.
ramjan sheikh dismissed the allegations.
they (the two accused leaders) are not our party members.
this has been staged by the bjp, sheikh said.
in kolkata, a real estate businessman, sumanta choudhury, alleged on friday that between 2012 and 2018 he had to give rs 40 lakh to tmc councilor shantanu sen who is now a rajya sabha mp and president of the indian medical association.
since 2012 i have not been able to do my business without paying money to the tmc.
i am speaking out since mamatabanerjee has given us an opportunity, he alleged.
sen said the charges were false and politically motivated and he will sue for defamation.
the tmc leadership did not react to any of the allegations till sunday morning.
however, kolkata mayor and urban development minister firhad hakim set up a helpline for the metros citizens to lodge a complaint against people asking for a bribe.
kmc also put up huge hoardings.
the chain of events has clearly vindicated narendra modi.
he repeatedly talked about syndicate raj and tolabaji (extortion) by tmc leaders.
the chief minister has only made the job of the opposition easier, political analyst and columnist suvashis maitran said.
after institutionalizing corruption she now wants to portray herself as the only honest leader in tmc.
when her own party mp and popular singer kabir suman spoke out against extortion a few years ago she took no action.
it is common knowledge that everybody in the tmc gets a share of the booty, communist party of india (marxist) politburo member md salim said.
also read:in setback to mamatabanerjee , trinamool mla, 11 councillors switch to bjpbjp bengal unit president dilip ghosh said, from getting admission in the college to set up a toilet, people have to give tmc leaders a share for everything.
even policemen should return the money they extort from people.
a new twist was added to the issue on saturday when popular bengali singer nachiketa chakraborty, who is known to be close to mamatabanerjee , uploaded on youtube his new song on commissions or cut money in which the lyrics include the word didimoni (elder sister) which is commonly used for banerjee.
the song went viral by sunday morning, but chakraborty insists that he will remain banerjees follower.
the song refers to corruption across india.
i am a blind follower of the chief minister and will always be so, said chakraborty even as bjps asansol mp and union minister babul supriyo, also a singer, shared it in his social media post and thanked chakraborty.
a remark by uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath at his rally that referred to the army as modiji ji sena (pm modis army) has set up a huge political firestorm with the opposition demanding yogi adityanaths apology.
the 46-year-old chief minister, who addressed election meetings in ghaziabad and greater noida on sunday, had lashed out at the congress for, what the bjp often alleges, its soft approach towards terrorism and terrorists.
congress-led government used to serve biryani to terrorists while modi jis army sends bullets and bombs their way.
congress encourages terrorists such as masood azhar by adding ji after their name, yogi adityanath said, according to a video clip of the speech put out by news agency ani.
yogi adityanath was attempting to contrast the congress and bjp regimes handling of terror.
it has been a running theme through the bjp campaign that pm modi, through his decisive steps had improved indian capabilities in the realm of security.
pm modi also does make a similar point.
last week, he took credit for launching surgical strikes on land, in air and even in space  a reference to the recent anti-satellite missile test.
but this time, yogi adityanaths choice of words sparked a huge row.
it is shocking to hear the up cm saying that the indian army is the modi sena.
such blatant personalisation and usurping of our beloved indian army is an insult and a humiliation, she tweeted.
priyanka chaturvedi of the congress, who was among the first to red flag the comment, made a similar point.
this is an insult to our armed forces.
they are indias armed forces not the private army of prachaar mantri (publicity minister).
adityanath must apologise, she said.
former army chief general shankar roychowdhury said the armed forces were not anyones private army.
they (politicians) must know the basic fact.
indian defence forces serve the government of the day, not a political party, he told news channel ndtv.
the election commission had earlier asked political parties to desist from indulging in political propaganda involving activities of the defence forces and told them not to use their photographs.
next week bjp president amit shah will visit bengal, now a focus state for the party, to launch booth chalo drive, an exercise to focus on strengthening the party organisation at the grassroots level.
to begin the exercise, he has chosen chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjees constituency bhawanipore as one of the three spots from where he will flag off the drive.
shah will undertake the drive in three constituencies bhawanipore in kolkata, gauranganagar in rajarhat, north 24 parganas and siliguri in north bengal.
read: post up, bjp to focus on bengalthe bjp president will also visit five households in each constituency where he will not only speak to the members of his partys programmes, but also will share meals.
the ram navami celebrations in bengal this year was organised by the saffron camp at an unprecedented level and witnessed young girls walking on the roads with sharp weapons.
(ht photo)fresh from its spectacular electoral sweep in uttar pradesh, bjp has fixed bengal, odisha and kerala as priority states.
in bengal, the party has traditionally been a marginal player with three mlas in an assembly of 294 its best show.
bjp wants to make a dent in the 2018 rural polls in bengal, which it also wants to use as a rehearsal for the lok sabha polls in 2019.
read: election results: why bjps sweep in up could be ominous for mamatabanerjee banerjeeafter the renewed vigour post up polls, the saffron camp have organised ram navami celebrations in an unprecedented scale in the state.
on april 9 in the assembly bypoll in kanthi dakshin, one of the bastions of trinamool congress, bjp has raised its vote share from 9  in 2006 to 31 , further boosting the morale of its workers.
after our party president launches the exercise between april 25 and 27, all state leaders and workers will unleash a drive to visit all houses and meet people between june 7 and 23.
we will also visit the house of the chief minister, sayantan basu, general secretary of bengal bjp told ht.
bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee is one of the fiercest critics of bjp and has vowed to contain the partys growth in her state.
(subhankar chakraborty)however, amit shah will not address any public rallies this time.
apart from the booth chalo drive, shah will hold meetings with bjp kers and will try to attract intellectuals from bengal into the bjp fold.
most bengali intellectuals have traditionally sided with the left, while some have aligned with centrist parties.
this is a vacuum that the party leaders want to fill fast.
read: tmc in a fix over rise of bjps aggressive hindutva in bengalaccording to the itinerary, shah will meet party leaders and intellectuals and prominent citizens in mahajati sadan on april 27.
party leaders told ht that in the 1,200-capacity auditorium, there will be 800 party leaders/workers from the five organisational districts into which they divide kolkata.
intellectuals/prominent citizens will be invited to the rest 400 seats.
shah will arrive in siliguri on april 25, where he will go for the booth chalo abhiyan and the meet party workers.
he will reach kolkata next day by train.
bjp also views the cbi investigation in narada against an array of trinamool mps and ministers as an opportunity to turn on the political heat on ruling trinamool congress.
alampur, a locality on the western edge of kolkatas metiabruz area, continues to be tense since january 23 after some chunks of alleged beef were thrown into a temple.
no arrests have been made so far.
authorities have imposed prohibitory orders disallowing assembly of four or more people in the area that has a mix of slums and high rises.
the prohibitory orders also banned workshops after hindus groups blocked traffic following the alleged desecration of the two temples.
muslims are in majority in the area which also houses a government undertaking - garden reach ship builders and engineers.
but, what makes alampur incident alarming is that it is not a stray incident.
there has been a pattern.
ten districts of west bengal have seen similar such communal incidents since october 2016 which is proving to be a major challenge for the state government.
police is dealing with such things with a strong hand.
we will soon bring a strong legislation against arson, where anyone setting fire to government or private party will be have to pay.
one political party is trying to fan violence, she said, without naming the bjp.
for its part, the bjp had submitted a representation to governor keshari nath tripathi on october 21 demanding central intervention on ground that the government has failed to control law and order.
attacks on hindus are going on in different parts of the state.
metiabruz is the latest in the series and the administration has failed to control them, said sayantan basu, state bjp secretary.
the congress and the left have also claimed that the situation was getting dangerous in bengal.
trinamool congress brought in communal politics in bengal by appeasing communities for political gains.
now things are going out of control, said abdul mannan, congress mla and leader of the opposition in the assembly.
over the past few months incidents of communal clashes have been reported in over ten districts of bengal.
the clashes have eerie similarity with such incidents in bihar and uttar pradesh last year.
for instance last october, bihariganj town in madhepura district of bihar and bijnore in uttar pradesh saw such low scale communal clashes.
here is an urgent need for political will and wisdom.
they should not show oversensitivity for a particular community who are its loyal vote bank.
the ruling party must ensure fair dealings while handling the culprits.
on one hand there is a rise of radical islam and on the other there is an attempt from the opposite section to flare up things.
this is an unprecedented atmosphere in bengal, said shibaji pratim basu, political analyst.
since october, pockets and villages in kaliachak, chanchol (malda district), jalangi (murshidabad), chandannagar (hooghly), bhagabanpur (east midnapore), kharagpore (west midnapore), hajinagar, kanchrapara (north 24 parganas), sankrail, dhulagarh (howrah), katwa, jamuria and kaksha (burdwan) have witnessed clashes.
on october 11 and 12 last year, a series of small clashes took place in different parts of bengal over durga puja immersions and muharram processions which coincided on the same day.
on december 12 and 13, clashes in dhulagarh (26 km from kolkata) began after muslims took out a religious procession through the main market road in banerjeepara neighbourhood.
hindus objected, but the procession was allowed by the police.
houses and shops were set ablaze which left hundreds from both communities homeless after the clash.
police arrested 65 people but the clashes continued for the next few days.
the dhulagarh incident, unlike others before it, got political attention with bjp, congress and cpi(m) dispatching leaders to the spot.
general secretary sitaram yechury was a part of the cpi(m) team.
in other areas political parties were prevented by police to enter after the clash.
one hand the government is giving stipends to imams, but creates pressure and stops a seminar on kashmir and balochistan in kolkata citing that it will create communal problem.
miscreants and radicals are taking advantage of this situation, said amal kumar mukhopadhyay, political science expert and former principal of presidency college.
although communal clashes have so far been of small intensity, the potential of large scale damage continues to increase with every new skirmish.
indiaupdated: sep 10, 2019 16:54 istunion minister smriti irani on tuesday hit out at west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee for her opposition to the nrc, saying that the bjp-led government at the centre is committed to protecting the rights of each and every citizen of the country.
the illegal infiltrators will be dealt with as per law, she asserted.
no indian will be left out.
.
.
we are dedicated towards protecting the rights of the citizens of the country, the union minister said on nrc.
criticising mamatabanerjee for her opposition to the nrc, irani said, it proves the dichotomy on her stand on illegal immigrants.
the chief ministers opposition to policies of the central government are well known to the people, she said.
the belligerent stand taken by mamatabanerjee is preventing the people of the state from availing the benefits provided by the central government, that could have reached farmers, women and children.
establishment of industries have been stalled by the west bengal government.
.
the lok sabha election results in west bengal has shown that people of the state want change, irani said.
soon after his return from the shanghai cooperation organisation summit in bishkek last night, prime minister narendra modi unveiled his vision for the indian economy at the niti aayogs meeting held at the rashtrapati bhavan on saturday.
the pm said he wants india to be a 5 trillion dollar economy by 2024, which is also the time by when he will complete his second term in office.
goal to make india a 5 trillion dollar economy by 2024, is challenging, but achievable, with the concerted efforts of states, said modi at the aayogs first meeting after his party won a handsome victory in the general elections.
stressing the role of the aayog, pm said the body will play a key role in fulfilling the mantra of sabka saath, sabka vikas, sabka vishwas.
speaking in the central hall of parliament soon after his latest victory at the polls, pm modi added sabka vishwas to his slogan of sabka saath, sabka vikaas.
he also pointed out to his mps that they must work for all, not merely those who voted for the bjp.
bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee , who is involved in a bitter tussle with the bjp in bengal, and telangana chief minister k chandrashekar rao, who is reported to be busy due to inauguration of kaleshwaram lift irrigation project, did not attend the meeting.
punjab chief minister amarinder singh too did not attend the meeting.
he is reportedly unwell.
recalling the recent general elections as the worlds largest democratic exercise, the prime minister said that it is now time for everyone to work for the development of india.
meanwhile, ahead of the meeting of the niti aayog, former prime minister manmohan singh met chief ministers of states ruled by the congress and its allies at the congress headquarters.
madhya pradesh chief minister kamal nath, rajasthans ashok gehlot, karnatakas hd kumaraswamy and puducherrys v narayansamy were present at the meeting.
chhattisgarh chief minister bhupesh baghel also joined later.
they discussed the proposed agenda/issues of states ruled by the congress and its allies to be taken up with prime minister narendra modi in the meeting of the niti aayog, sources said.
the pm spoke of waging a collective fight against poverty, unemployment, drought, flood, pollution, corruption and violence etc.
the prime minister said that everyone at this platform has a common goal of achieving a new india by 2022.
he described swachh bharat abhiyan and pm awaasyojana as illustrations of what the centre and the states can accomplish together.
noting that the export sector is an important element in the progress of developing countries, he said both the centre and the states should work towards growth in exports, in order to raise per capita incomes.
he said there is immense untapped export potential in several states, including the north eastern states.
he said a thrust on export promotion at the state level will provide a boost to both income and employment.
the prime minister called for effective steps to tackle drought.
he said that the spirit of per-drop, more-crop needs to be promoted.
reiterating the union governments commitment to double incomes of farmers by 2022, he said this requires focus on fisheries, animal husbandry, horticulture, fruits and vegetables.
on the health sector, the prime minister said that several targets have to kept in mind, to be achieved by 2022.
he also mentioned the target of eliminating tuberculosis by 2025.
the shadow of demonetisation on the electoral sphere appears to have faded with ground reports suggesting that politicians from across party lines have put the issue on the back burner while seeking votes.
parties have relied on local issues to woo voters in the run up to the ongoing assembly elections.
in uttar pradesh, the alliance between the samajwadi party (sp) and the congress along with the resurgence of mayawatis bahujan samaj party (bsp) appears to have diluted the political slugfest over demonetisation.
although the significance of the demonetisation issue as a poll plank appears to have reduced, it oddly still features in political attacks.
the first 100 days after demonetisation are the biggest disaster in the indian economy.
till today, we do not know what was the real reason behind conducting this exercise, trinamool congress (tmc) member of parliament (mp) saugata roy said.
the course the ongoing assembly elections take could well decide the future of the political discourse on the note ban exercise.
both the bharatiya janata party (bjp) and congress could take a call on their next course of action on the contentious issue depending on the poll result.
if bjp comes out victorious after the elections then it is likely to project the result as a direct reflection of peoples support for the demonetisation policy.
however, a defeat for the party would put it in a tight support as the opposition would project the verdict as a validation of its anti-demonetisation stand.
the opposition could also stitch a rare unity against the narendra modi government over demonetisation.
political observers feel that this unity has the possibility of turning into a full-fledged alliance.
we may have differences, but we have decided to come together on this issue, congress vice-president rahul gandhi had said last year, indicating to trinamool congress (tmc) chief and west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee , who was sitting beside him.
the two leaders had come on the same stage in opposition to the modi governments november 8 announcement.
the opposition also managed to get bihar chief minister and janata dal (united) president nitish kumar, a key anti-modi figure, on board despite his initial support for the demonetisation exercise.
the government is busy protecting cows not women, said samajwadi party mp jaya bachchan in rajya sabha on wednesday.
bachchans remark came after protests by trinamool congress mps who raised the issue of a bjp youth leader announcing a rs 11 lakh reward for anyone who beheads west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjee.
must take steps for protection of women aggressively.
you are protecting cows but atrocities being committed on women, said bachchan.
the bjp government has come under criticism for not doing enough to rein in hindutva groups that have been pushing noisy campaign to protect cows.
instances of vigilantism have grown with so-called gau rakshaks accused of violence and even murder.
earlier this month, a muslim dairy farmer succumbed to his injuries after he was thrashed by vigilantes in rajasthan.
cows, considered sacred by many hindus, came back into focus after yogi aditynath won a landslide victory in uttar pradesh in march, and launched a crackdown on illegal slaughterhouses.
mohun bagan said that they would not submit the bid document unless their three demands are met in order to be inducted into the indian super league.
last years i-league champions collected the invitation to bid document on the last day and tomorrow is the deadline to submit it.
the indian constitution has been amended many times after its formation, and similarly here, the dates for a private organisation can also be changed, mohun bagan general secretary anjan mitra said, taking a dig at football sports development limited, a subsidiary of img-reliance that runs the isl.
we did not want to give any scope to img-r who cannot deny that we have not bought the documents.
the date of submission of the bid documents is not a factor to us, mitra said after their executive committee meeting.
east bengal are expected to follow suit as the maidan heavyweights were bolstered by the backing of west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjee.
aiff moots stakeholders in kuala lumpur meetingwe are extremely grateful to the chief minister.
the two clubs main demand is the waiver of franchise fee of rs 15 crore.
apart from this we also need the money of the central pool and would like to play the tournament in kolkata.
these three demands have been brought up in our executive meeting today and has been agreed by all the officials of the club.
throwing an open challenge to the isl organisers, finance secretary debasish dutta said: the revolt has already started and would spread all over bengal.
we would like to see how well the tournament progresses if the two most popular teams of the state, mohun bagan and east bengal, are not allowed to participate.
chief ministers in the past have experimented with their names like former tamil nadu cm late j jayalalithaa adding an extra a or west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee adding an extra letter for a while.
but in case of uttar pradesh chief minister aditya nath yogi.
.
.
errr, yogi aditya nath it has been more than just a letter.
the name plate outside his 5 kalidas marg residence has been regularly changing in the last 10 days since he became the chief minister.
changed thrice from yogi adityanath to aditya nath yogi to the latest yogi aditya nath just before he made an official entry to his 5 kalidas marg residence on the first day of navratra  the nine day period considered auspicious by hindus.
before he was sworn in as the chief minister on march 19 the name plate read: yogi aditya nath with yogi written in smaller fonts than the rest.
but at the swearing-in ceremony he called himself aditya nath yogi.
subsequent press notes that were sent from the information department didnt help matters as some of them referred to him as aditya nath yogi while others described him as yogi aditya nath.
his verified twitter handle says myogiadityanath.
his facebook account says yogi adityanath.
none of his election affidavit used yogi at all.
in all the elections affidavits he has mentioned his name without using yogi.
but in affidavits too there are variations in his name.
some say aditya nath while others say adityanath.
technically it is two words: aditya nath.
aditya is his first name.
nath is a separate word that denotes the nath sect to which the chief minister, who is also the head priest of gorakhnath mutt, belongs.
for us it doesnt matter how his name is being spelled.
we know him as chhotey maharaj and thats what he is to us.
many also call him baba while others still call him as mahantji, an aide told ht.
no official was willing to comment on the cms name-change with one describing it as a personal issue.
indiaupdated: aug 19, 2019 09:54 iston august 13, trinamool congress mla manas majumdar travelled to kamalbati village in west bengals hooghly district as part of the gramey chalo (go to villages) campaign, launched by chief minister mamatabanerjee to give disgruntled people a chance to vent their grievances.
in the village, where he stayed overnight, majumdar got a mouthful from the people on how badly social welfare schemes were run, an issue that is certain to haunt the tmc leadership ahead of the 2021 elections.
laxmikanta ghosh, a doctor, told majumdar there was nothing wrong with the governments policies but the attitude of lower-level workers was a matter of concern.
they must learn to show restraint, he said, citing the example of a local tmc leader who extorted money last year for a bigger durga puja.
stunned by the bharatiya janata party (bjp) picking up 18 of the states 42 seats in the general elections, mamatabanerjee has drafted in political strategist prashant kishor to help with damage control.
trinamools tally fell from 34 in the 2014 elections to 22 this year.
on kishors advice, mamatabanerjee has launched the didike bolo (tell didi) campaign, in which people can send her complaints on a helpline number and an email id, and the gramey cholo campaign, in which 1,000 elected public representatives will visit 10,000 villages in 100 days.
the villages to be visited are chosen by kishors indian political action committee (i-pac) team .
so far, about 220 tmc leaders have visited villages and the helpline has received about 600,000 complaints.
goghat was a focus area as the tmc was trailing there by 8,000 votes in the lok sabha polls despite winning all previous elections since 2016.
like majumdar, tmc legislator hamidul rahman had to face public anger when he visited sonapur tin mile and bhotamari villages on august 4.
nearly 500 people gathered outside the house of a local tmc leader, in whose house he was staying, and demanded concrete roads, culverts and toilets.
the most startling revelation came when some residents presented documents showing that money allotted against their job card (for mgnrega) went to bank accounts of another person and that funds allotted against a recipient of the pradhan mantri gramin awas yojna was deposited in another persons account.
an investigation has been ordered.
complaints will be lodged with the police once we gather all relevant data, said rahman, mla from chopra in uttar dinajpur district.
likewise, state law minister malay ghatak  he is the mla from asansol dakshin in west burdwan  too had a rough time.
he went to suidi village, where a youth spoke on behalf of the locals about lack of basic amenities, water for irrigation and the bad condition of the roads.
these visits have given the bjp a handle to attack tmc.
it proves that tmc leaders had no touch with the ground, bjp state unit president dilip ghosh said.
amal mukhopadhyay, former principal of presidency college, said the tmc leadership would now get a fair idea of what cost them so many lok sabha seats.
the party is using it like a safety valve of a pressure cooker, he said.
bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee who had ruled out negotiations with junior doctors who stopped work to demand better security on friday received dollops of advice from different quarters on ending the doctors strike.
one also came from the calcutta high court.
a two-judge bench of the calcutta high court chaired by chief justice tbn radhakrishnan told the state government to persuade the striking doctors to resume work and provide usual services to patients.
the judges, who took up a request to intervene to end the agitation, did not, however, issue an formal order except asking the state to report back on the steps taken after the attack on the junior doctors at a city hospital on monday night.
the court, which also reminded doctors of the hippocratic oath, will take up the case again next week.
the courts suggestion came around the same time union health minister harsh vardhan in delhi pinned the blame for the escalation of protests by doctors on the chief minister and asked her not to make it a prestige issue.
also read: dont make this prestige issue: harsh vardhan says mamatas ultimatum led to doctors strikedoctors only asked her for security and demanded action against perpetrators of the violence, dr harsh vardhan told reporters.
but instead, she warned them and gave an ultimatum which angered doctors across the country and they proceeded on strike, he said.
watch | doctors protest in wb part of conspiracy by bjp, cpm: mamatabanerjee banerjeeoutpatient facilities were affected in several government-run hospitals in several cities as doctors held protests to express solidarity with their counterparts in kolkata.
junior doctors in west bengal are on a strike since tuesday after a doctor was attacked and seriously injured allegedly by relatives of a patient who died at nrs medical college and hospital in kolkata.
the indian medical association has called for a nation-wide strike on june 17.
actor-filmmaker aparna sen also nudged mamatabanerjee to change her stance a bit and take a more humane view of the threats faced by doctors.
the chief minister is our guardian.
i would request her to change her stance a bit on this issue and talk to the young doctors here.
they are like your children.
please come here once and talk to them to sort out the problems, she said.
banerjee did meet the doctors demanding security yesterday but lost her cool with them after left after delivering an ultimatum to get back to work by 2 pm.
in between, she also ruled out negotiations, told them about the strike was illegal even according to court verdicts and told them that they would be thrown out of their hostels if they dont work.
a day after the lok sabha elections ended and exit polls predicted gains for the sp-bsp alliance in politically crucial state uttar pradesh, akhilesh yadav called on mayawati at her residence in lucknow on monday.
the meeting comes two days ahead of the counting of votes for the lok sabha elections and in the backdrop of efforts at opposition unity by another regional leader tdps chandrababu naidu.
naidu, who exit polls say faces a tough challenge on home turf by jagan mohan redddy of the ysrcp, met mayawati and akhilesh yadav last week and is scheduled to meet trinamool leader mamatabanerjee in kolkata today, a day after pollsters predicted good gains for the bjp in west bengal.
naidu called on the up leaders separately in lucknow on saturday to invite them for the may 21 opposition meeting in delhi.
however, according to a senior sp leader, both alliance partners were non-committal.
the senior sp leader said that akhilesh and mayawati were not keen on participating in any formal opposition meeting before the result day and will discuss issued between the two of them to decide the future course.
read: chandrababu naidu opens anti-bjp front door, says rival kcr also welcomenaidu has been in the forefront of efforts to forge opposition unity and has had several rounds of talks with key leaders.
exit poll predictions notwithstanding, the opposition is planning to launch a pre-emptive strike by submitting a list of parties committed to an alternative government to the president before may 23, when the results will be declared.
the exit polls, often known to go wrong, has given a clear edge to the pm modi-led nda, while projecting seats in the range of 70-125 for the upain uttar pradesh, the mahagatbandhan hopes to ride on the arithmetic majority they possess in the social calculations and win more seats than the bjp.
though all exit polls agreed that the nda tally would come down from the spectacular 73 of 80 seats five years ago in the state, they disagreed on the impact the sp-bsp alliance, formed just before the lok sabha elections, would have in state.
in winning 73 seats in 2014, the bjp and ally apna dal had left only two to be won by the congress and five by the sp, all of them by members of the first families of the two parties.
mayawatis bsp could not win a single seat in 2014.
for this years general election it joined hands with arch rival sp in an attempt to limit the bjp.
any significant gain by the combine or gathbandhan in up will mean a deep cut in the bjps overall tally.
karnataka chief minister bs yeddyurappa resigned on saturday ahead of a supreme court-mandated trust vote in the assembly, capping five days of political drama that saw elections results throwing up a hung house, political parties accusing each of horse-trading and lawmakers hiding in hotels.
the supreme court ordered the trust vote after the congress and the jd(s) challenged karnataka governor vajubhai valas decision to invite yeddyurappa to take over as chief minister after election results that revealed a hung house.
with the fall of bjps three-day-old government, hd kumaraswamy heading the congress-jd(s) coalition is set to become the chief minister for a second time on may 23.
here are the highlights:11.
10 pm: we are going to take oath on wednesday as monday is rajiv gandhis death anniversary and so that is not a proper date, says hd kumaraswamy, reports ani.
10.
38 pm: swearing-in ceremony of jds-congress government will be on may 23 instead of may 21, says jd(s) leader kumaraswamy.
10.
23 pm: bjp chief amit shah says governments formed by such unholy alliances are unlikely to last long, rubbishes charges of horse-trading by his party.
10.
20 pm: congress to chalk out its strategy and power-sharing arrangement with the jd(s) in karnataka tomorrow.
top leaders to hold discussions with party chief rahul gandhi in new delhi.
10.
00 pm: manipur pradesh congress committee (mpcc) t n haokip says .
.
.
this is the beginning of the end of modi regime.
today yeddyurappa is the victim.
we are not blaming yeddyurappa.
the two big bosses are there in delhi, narendra modi and amit shah.
they asserted their influences unduly to the governor of karnataka.
how strange and funny?
yeddyurappa was seeking a weeks time to prove majority of his government but the governor had granted 15 days time for floor test, haokip says.
8.
19 pm: congress distances itself from sanjay nirupams remark on karnataka governor.
congress doesnt agree with any such statement.
karnataka governor murdered democracy, however, any statement made on him personally wont be accepted.
rahul gandhi and congress have regard for their worst enemies unlike pm modi, says randeep surjewala, according to ani reports.
8.
20 pm: hd kumaraswamy goes to pays his obeisance to adichunchanagiri mutt, the spiritual guru of vokkaligas.
7.
59 pm: union minister mukhtar abbas naqvi says congress celebrating a victory of jugaad.
advice to arrogant congress and its feudal leadership, who are celebrating victory of jugaad  sitaron ke aage jahan aur bhi hain, abhi waqt ke imtehan aur bhi hain (there is world beyond stars, many test of times yet to be held).
#floortest, tweets minority affairs minister naqvi.
7.
54 pm: mayawati, owaisi, k chandrashekar rao, tejaswi yadav to be present at the swearing-in ceremony to be held at kanteerva stadium.
7.
48 pm: i have invited all regional leaders for oath ceremony.
ive also invited sonia gandhi ji and rahul gandhi ji personally, says hd kumaraswamy.
7.
40 pm: hd kumaraswamy says, governor has invited us to form government.
he says governor has given him 15 days to prove his majority, but asserts we dont need 15 days.
kumaraswamy says he will take oath as chief minister on monday.
7.
25 pm: these are the likely portfolios in the hd kumaraswamy government according to people familiar with the matter.
these portfolios could eventually change.
hd kumaraswamy, jd(s) chief minister and finance minister, g parameshwara, congress deputy chief minister and home minister cs puttaraju, jd(s) agriculture, h vishwanath, jd(s) education kj george, congress bengaluru development minister m krishnappa, congress sports krishna byre gowda, congress information and publicity n mahesh,jd(s) social welfare gt devegowda, jd(s) cooperatives bandeppa kashempur, jd(s) textiles and endowments dc thammanna, , jd(s) labour dinesh gundu rao, congress excise dr k sudhakar, congress health tanveer sait, congress higher education roshan baig, congress forest md patil, congress food and civil supplies rv deshpande, jd(s) law and parliamentary affairs satish jarkiholi, congress small industries and sugar dr ajay, congress science and technology s shivashankarappa, congress revenue ramalinga reddy, congress transport at ramaswamy, jd(s) industries r narendra, congress animal husbandry ut khader, congress health --- ---7.
20 pm: jd(s)s hd kumaraswamy reaches raj bhavan to meet governer vajubhai vala, to stake claim for forming government.
7.
11 pm: samajwadi party president akhilesh yadav tweets that the collapse of b s yeddyurappa government karnataka is a victory of the peoples mandate and asks the central government to resign on moral grounds.
7.
09 pm: cpi(m) demands resignation of karnataka governor vajubhai vala.
if the governor of karnataka has any shame left, he should submit his resignation as well.
the union ministers sitting in bangalore, facilitating and enabling corrupt deals, are equally culpable, tweets sitarama yechury.
7.
05 pm: hd kumaraswamy to meet karnataka governer vajubhai vala at 7.
30 pm, to stake claim for forming government.
6.
34 pm: congress leader ghulam nabi azad says the announcement of yeddyurappas resignation was victory of democracy.
we thank the mlas of congress, jd-s, one bsp candidate and independents, who resisted all sorts of temptation and arm-twisting by the central government and its agencies, and stood by the decision taken by their party leaderships, says azad.
6:36 pm: janata dal (secular) leader h d kumaraswamy says congress-jd(s) combine is waiting for an invitation from the governor.
6.
30 pm: mumbai congress chief sanjay nirupam tweets apology after making remarks on karantaka governor.
,             ,                        sanjay nirupam (@sanjaynirupam) may 19, 20186.
26 pm: javadekar says congress has insulted the institution of the governor by making comparisons with a dog.
he was commenting on the statement of congress leader sanjay nirupam about karantaka governor vajubhai vala6.
19 pm: bs yeddyurappa by resigning has shown grace and followed ideal democratic tradition: javadekar.
6.
18 pm: congress is celebrating defeat as victory, javadekar6.
10 pm: its congress that has no trust in institutions, retorts javadekar to rahul gandhis.
6.
05 pm: bjp leader prakash javadekar says says jd(s) - congress is the most opportunistic alliance, it is congresss surrender deal.
he says the alliance is not based on ideology.
it is the congress that has lost not bjp: javadekarrahul gandhi said pm is corrupt, it is laughable.
.
.
congress is synonymous with corruption, says javadekar.
6.
00 pm:in the end, indias voice and democratic spirit will always triumph over tyranny.
satyamev jayate  rahul gandhi (@rahulgandhi) may 19, 20186.
00 pm: delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal says bjps attempts to subvert democracy has miserably failed in karnataka.
bjps attempts to subvert democracy have miserably failed in karnataka.
bjps lust for power through foul means stands completely exposed.
will bjp learn any lesson now?
tweets kejriwal.
5.
50 pm: everyone will be happy about it.
pm and bjp pres tried to deride democracy.
what message did they give by encouraging the corrupt?
bjp brought back janardhan reddy to the forefront and did politics, says andhra pradesh cm chandrababu naidu.
5:45pm: bs yeddyurappa submits his resignation as chief minister of karnataka to governor vajubhai vala, reports ani.
5.
40 pm: congress leader sanjay nirupam says governor vajubhai vala has established a new standard of loyalty.
now every citizen of this country will name his dog vajubhai vala because no one can be more loyal than him, says sanjay nirupam according to ani reports .
#watch derogatory statement by congress' sanjay nirupam, says, 'iss desh mein wafadari ka naya kirtimaan sthaapit kiya hai vajubhai vala (#karnataka guv) ji ne, ab shayad india ka har aadmi apne kutte ka naam vajubhai vala hi rakhega kyunki isse zyada wafaadaar koi ho nahi sakta' pic.
twitter.com/p0etwwo58i  ani (@ani) may 19, 20185.
30 pm: bsp supremo mayawati reacts to bs yeddyurappas resignation.
this is a big blow for them(bjp) and i think what they had been planning all along for 2019 has failed, they will now have to rethink and alter their strategies, she says.
5.
22 pm: hd kumaraswamy is likely to be sworn in at 12:30 on monday, on the advice of his astrologers, people familiar with the mater told hindustan times.
5.
12pm: karnataka shows there is still some morality left in politics but alas not in the bjp.
now the governor should also resign, tweets former bjp leader yashwant sinha.
5.
06pm: union minister ananth kumar reacts to rahul gandhis pm is corruption remark, says: what is he saying about pm modi?
this is the pm who has provided a scam less govt.
if he puts such an allegation, the people will say he has lost his mind.
5.
03pm: let everybody in this country know the pms model of governance is not democratic.
everyone knows that.
.
.
even the pm.
4.
58pm: if the bjp had full majority, we would have let them form the government.
but the truth is, the bjp doesnt have karnatakas support, says rahul gandhi.
4.
57pm: my message to pm is that the pm is not bigger than the people of india.
he is not bigger than sc, than the members of parliament.
pm needs to understand he was chosen to lead this country and to respect the instt of this country.
4.
56pm: bjp has been shown that the countrys instt are bigger than the party, than power.
bjp openly tried to buy the mlas.
4.
55pm: i am proud the opposition has put together a government and defeated the bjp, says the congress president.
4.
54pm: the idea that (narendra) modi is fighting corruption is a lie, he is corruption.
he is doing everything that to subvert the institutions of india.
4.
53pm: i hope the bjp and rss learn their lesson that not all institutions of this country can be subverted, says rahul gandhi.
4.
50pm: bjp disrespected the mandate of karnataka, goa and manipur, says congress president rahul gandhi.
4.
36pm: congresss chief spokesperson randeep singh surjewala tweets: operation lotus fails!
#bsyeddyurappa remains 2 day cm as the country predicted, breaking his own record of being 7 days cm.
democracy wins!
constitution wins!
(sic)4.
35pm: former union minister p chidambaram says that the democracy in karnataka was saved for time being.
poor mr yeddyurappa.
when the puppeteers fail, the puppet falls and breaks, he says on twitter without naming the bjps central leadership.
4.
34pm: we are waiting for invitation from the governors house, says jd(s)s hd kumaraswamy on being asked when he will take oath as chief minister.
4.
29pm: democracy wins.
congratulations karnataka.
congratulations deve gowda ji, kumaraswamy ji, congress and others.
victory of the regional front, tweets west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjee.
4.
26pm: the mlas of the congress, jd(s), independents and bsp who resisted to all temptations by bjp and central government agencies, says azad.
4.
24pm: some of our legislators were kidnapped, were under the illegal custody of the bjp.
none from our from members have defected, says ghulam nabi azad.
4.
22pm: andhra pradesh chief minister chandrababu naidu says: right now news has come that bs yeddyurappa has resigned as karnatakas cm, are all of you happy?
all those who believe in democracy are happy.
4.
19pm: bjps bs yeddyurappa reaches raj bhavan after resigning as chief minister of karnataka.
4.
12pm: congress dk shivkumar, jd(s)s hd kumaraswamy and other mlas at vidhana soudha after resignation of bjps bs yeddyurappa as the chief minister of karnataka.
bengaluru: congress' dk shivkumar, jd(s)'s hd kumaraswamy & other mlas at vidhana soudha after resignation of bjp's bs yeddyurappa as chief minister of karnataka.
pic.
twitter.com/qdgu8zgxwk  ani (@ani) may 19, 20184.
05pm: im resigning as chief minister.
im grateful to the speaker for giving me this opportunity, says yeddyurappa.
4.
03pm: till my last breadth, ill fight for the farmers.
ill give my life for people.
4.
02pm: i request mlas to vote according to their conscience.
4pm: if only people would have given us 113 seats instead of 104, we would have made this state a paradise.
ill win 28 out 28 lok sabha seats for the bjp in 2019.
i want to prove that theres no question of going back.
ill travel across the state.
i want to thank the people for the kind of support they gave me, says yeddyruppa.
3.
55pm: i will ensure farmers have a life of dignity.
i wanted to allot 1.
5 lakh crore for irrigation, increase support price for farmers, and help the farm labourers.
my heart beats with compassion, says yeddyurappa.
3.
52pm: siddaramaiah has not responded to the peoples aspirations.
it doesnt matter how many seats ive won.
look at the anger of the people who have voted the congress out, says the chief minister.
3.
50pm: till the last breadth of my life, i will go on working for the people of karnataka.
3.
47pm: people have blessed us with 104 seats.
the mandate wasnt for congress or jd(s), says yeddyurappa.
congress numbers have reduced.
but we didnt get the mandate in majority.
there were allegations and counter allegations, he says.
3.
45pm: yeddyurappa says prime minister narendra modi and bjp chief amit shah made me the chief ministerial candidate.
.
.
i have received tremendous response and support from karnataka.
3.
40pm: chief minister yeddyurappa starts speaking at the assembly.
last three mlas too took oath where anand singh, pratap gowda patil and somashekhara reddy.
3.
38pm: congress leaders ghulam nabi azad, ashok gehlot, mallikarjun kharge with bjp leaders ananth kumar and shobha karandlaje are sitting together at the karnatakas vidhana soudha.
3.
35pm: missing congress mla anand singh also turns up at the assembly, takes oath, sits next to dk shivakumar.
oath-taking of mlas is nearly over.
3:30pm: karnataka mlas take their seats inside the vidhan soudha ahead of the floor test.
3:27pm: bjp mla somashekara reddy says he wasnt in contact with any congress legislators.
i was with my brother in taj west end.
nobody was in my contact.
i dont even know who are they  anand singh and pratap gowda patil (congress mlas).
i did not even go to goldfinch hotel, ani reported him as saying.
3:20pm: bjp leader shobha karandlaje refrains from answering when asked about the floor test.
wait and see, she says in response.
#watch: the reaction of bjp's shobha karandlaje when asked about the #floortest, which will be conducted shortly, smiles and says, 'wait and see.
in politics every decision is wonderful & happy.
' pic.
twitter.com/8p8hgy6oqc  ani (@ani) may 19, 20183:12pm: union minister ananth kumar and cm bs yeddyurappa are present in the chief ministers chamber in the vidhana soudha, reports ani.
3:10pm: bc patil who was purportedly approached by bjp leaders was a police sub-inspector who acted in dramas and movies.
his reputation for playing duryodhana earned him the nickname kaurava.
2:54pm: another audio clip surfaces.
the clip purportedly shows bjp leaders b sriramulu and muralidhar rao talking to congress legislator bc patil.
the clip also purportedly shows patil telling the bjp leaders that he has 3-4 people with him.
hindustan times has not verified the authenticity of the clip.
2.
44pm: pratap gowda patil has come (to the assembly).
he will take oath as an mla, then he will vote for the congress.
he will not betray the congress party, says shivakumar.
pratap gowda patil surrounded by congress mlas in the karnataka assembly.
(ht photo)2.
43pm: dk shivakumar of the congress says he is sure yeddyurappa will resign before the trust vote.
2.
16pm: shiv sena, which is a bjp ally in the maharashtra government, says the supreme courts decision of slashing the 15-day window given to chief minister bs yeddyurappa to prove majority showed that karnataka governor vajubhai vala had favoured the bjp and he was at fault.
the karnataka power play reached the corridors of the supreme court, which virtually nullified the governors decision.
despite the bjp not having the clear majority, governor vajubhai vala hurriedly invited it to form the government and gave it 15 days time to prove majority, the sena said in an editorial in its mouthpiece saamana.
2.
03pm: one of the allegedly kidnapped mlas, pratapgouda patil, is seen leaving the goldfinch hotel in a special police car with sirens blaring.
1.
40pm: kumarswamy of the jd(s), who contested from two seats, resigns from ramanagara and keeps channapatna.
1.
12pm: the two missing congress mlas are allegedly being kept captive in golden finch hotel in bengaluru.
police are heading to the hotel for inspection, people familiar with the matter tell hindustan times.
security tightened outside goldfinch hotel in bengaluru where reportedly the two 'missing' congress mlas are holed up #karnatakafloortest pic.
twitter.com/sejfpvwals  ani (@ani) may 19, 20181.
10am: as mlas take oath, the congress has released another audio clip that purportedly shows yeddyurappa trying to influence hirekerur legislator bc patil.
according to the clip, patil is promised a ministerial post if he backs the bjp.
the conversation apparantly happened while patil is on a bus.
according to the voices in the clip, the bus is on its way to kochi.
congress and jd(s) mlas actually took buses to hyderabad early on friday and returned saturday morning.
hindustan times has not verified the authenticity of the clip.
12.
59pm: bjp mla g somashekhar reddy is with the two missing congress mlas anand singh and pratap gouda, says ani quoting sources.
12.
56pm: vs ugrappa of the congress says bjps by vijayendra called the wife of a congress mla and asked her to request to her husband to vote for yeddyurappa.
he said, well give your husband a ministry or else well give rs. 15 crore to your husband, ani reports.
12.
45pm: congress leader and lawyer kapil sibal says they did not press for replacement of pro-tem speaker in the supreme court after it said live telecast of trust vote proceedings would take place.
12.
30pm: congress leader veerapa moily says the bjp will be exposed.
they know very well that they are 104, still they are trying everything and anything to buy our mlas.
but, our mlas are intact.
two of our mlas are still not here, whenever they come they will surely support us, says the former union minister.
11.
50am: after winning the assembly elections, bjps b sriramulu and bs yeddyurappa have resigned from lok sabha, and their resignations have been accepted by the speaker, ani reports.
11.
38am: two congress mlas anand singh and pratap gowda patil have not yet come to the assembly for oath-taking, ani reports.
11.
35am: the supreme court heard the pleas of the congress and all their pleas have been rejected.
the desperate attempts of the congress to remove him (bopaiah) from the post have failed.
i think they are scared and did not even want a floor test in the first place, says mukul rohatgi.
11.
29am: congress lawyer abhishek manu singhvi says the most important objective was to establish transparency.
since the statement has come from asg that live feed of proceedings would be given, we hope and trust there would be fairness.
i have no doubt that the victory would be of the congress and jd(s), he says.
11.
14am: chief minister bsyeddyurappa and siddaramaiah take oath as mlas at vidhana soudha.
#watch: cm bs yeddyurappa siddaramaiah, dk shivakumar & bjp's b sriramulu inside vidhana soudha.
#floortest to be held at 4 pm today.
#karnataka pic.
twitter.com/knm70mlewa  ani (@ani) may 19, 201811.
11am: congress, jd(s) drop their demand to change pro-tem speaker in karnataka.
supreme court orders local channels be given live feed of trust vote proceedings.
live broadcast of floor test would be the best way to ensure transparency of proceedings, says the supreme court.
sc says: law cant direct the governor to appoint a particular person as pro-tem speaker.
unless convention becomes legal norm, it cant be enforced by court.
11.
04am: justice ak sikri asks who will conduct floor test, if pro-tem speaker will only administer oath.
sibal wants trust vote to be conducted by segregating mlas.
additional solicitor general tushar mehta points voting will be telecat on tv channels.
11am: justice arvind bobde observes that if sibal wants an order based the suitability of speaker, court will have to listen to bopaiah but till then there will be no floor test.
10.
57am: sibal says bopaiah must not be allowed to take trust vote as pro-term speaker.
the last time a pro-tem speaker conducted floor test was in jharkand in 2006.
10.
45am: senior lawyer mukul rohatgi counters sibal, says there are many instances when junior mlas have been appointed as pro-tem speaker.
10.
42am: kapil sibal tells sc that established principles were not being followed in the appointment of a junior mla as pro-tem speaker.
it creates problems, he says.
if pro-tem speaker has to take a trust vote, we have a problem, sibal argues, stressing that according to parliamentary practice the senior-most member is appointed pro-tem speaker.
10.
40am: chief minister yeddyurappa, bjp mlas, congress and jd(s) legislators arrive at the vidhan soudha.
10:32am: in the supreme court, karnataka side will be represented by senior lawyer mukul rohatgi and additional solicitors general maninder singh and tushar mehta.
the congress side will be represented by senior party leaders and lawyers abhishek manu singhvi and kapil sibal.
10:27am: meanwhile, in delhi, the supreme court will soon begin hearing a congress plea against pro-tem speaker kg bopaiahs appointment by governor vajubhai vala.
janata dal (secular) leader hd kumaraswamy says its not an important day for him, asserting the important days will come in the future, reports news agency ani.
up to 4pm, bjp will try to poach our mlas.
all the mlas are together, no one is10:24am: janata dal (secular) leader hd kumaraswamy says its not an important day for him, asserting the important days will come in the future, reports news agency ani.
up to 4pm, bjp will try to poach our mlas.
all the mlas are together, no one is going to go to the other side.
none of our mlas are trapped.
10:20am: in bengaluru, congress mlas leave from hotel hilton for vidhana soudha.
9.
32am: congress lawyer abhishek manu singhvi leaves for the supreme court for hearing in plea filed by the congress-jd(s) regarding the appointment of pro-tem speaker kg bopaiah today.
what if the congress or janata dal (secular) members were to (a) cross-vote (b) remain absent or (c) be present but abstain from voting?
will they be disqualified?
all about the floor test in karnataka today.
9.
18am: congress leader ramalinga reddy says mla anand singh is not with them physically but he is in contact with our leaders.
he has to come to vidhana soudha today.
he will definitely vote for us.
he is with us.
he will come back.
8.
57am: chief minister bs yeddyurappa arrives at shangri-la hotel for the party legislature meeting.
he will then leave for the assembly with others.
security personnel keep vigil at the vidhana soudha in bengaluru.
8.
50am: wait till 4.
30pm, we will win and bs yeddyurappa will be the chief minister for five years, says sadananda gowda of the bjp.
8.
48am: union minister ananth kumar says both the congress and the jd(s) have an unholy alliance.
they are going to be rejected, people are going to reject them.
8.
42am: im going to have 100  absolute majority.
tomorrow i am going to take all that decision which i promised to the people of karnataka, says chief minister yeddyurappa.
8.
40am: congress ghulam nabi azad says the numbers are against the bjp and in favor of their alliance.
we will form the government, he says.
8.
35am: congress leader mallikarjun kharge expresses confidence about the floor test win.
the bjp doesnt have the numbers.
it is just trying to prove their majority and they will fail to do so, he says.
8.
20am: the petition by congress-jd(s) regarding appointment of pro tem speaker states that the court should pass appropriate orders directing that voting in floor test has to be carried out by division by segregating mlas supporting and opposing the motion in different lobbies of house.
chief justice dipak misra has listed the congress plea before the three-judge bench, headed by justice ak sikri and also comprised of justices sa bobde and ashok bhusha.
7.
56am: chief minister bs yeddyurappa will leave for shangri-la hotel at 9 am for the party legislature meeting.
he will then leave for the assembly with others.
7.
10am: supreme court will hear congresss plea regarding the appointment of pro tem speaker kg bopaiah today at 10:30am.
7am: two buses carrying congress mlas arrive in bengaluru ahead of the floor test in karnataka assembly scheduled at 4pm.
6.
50am: karnataka pradesh congress committee has filed a complaint and demanded action against bjps janardhan reddy for offering hundreds of crore rupees and a minister portfolio to raichur rural mla basvanagowda daddal through telephone.
the central bureau of investigation (cbi) claims it has found at least five calls between former kolkata police commissioner rajeev kumar and an employee of saradha group who directly reported to the chit fund scams mastermind sudipta sen.
a top cbi official, who spoke on condition of anonymity, added that the agencys investigators are inching closer to establishing that the officer was involved in tampering with evidence in the case.
the calls are from the period when kumar was bidhan nagar commissioner of police and the multi-crore ponzi scam broke out in 2012-13.
the cbi officer, however, did not disclose whether these calls were exchanged when he was commissioner or after he became head of the special investigation team (sit) looking into the scam.
the scam and kumars alleged involvement in it have become a hot-button political issue, with the bharatiya janata party (bjp) saying several leaders of the trinamool congress were involved in it (prompting kumars alleged interference) and the latter claiming that the bjp is using the central investigation agency to settle political scores.
mukul roy, once tmc chief mamatabanerjee banerjees confidant, was grilled regarding his involvement in the case, but he has since shifted loyalties and is now a member of the bjp.
in recent months, cbis efforts to question kumar have been seen by mamatabanerjee and the tmc as part of the bjps grand plan for the state.
the party and the cm are also not pleased by the election commissions decision to transfer kumar to the ministry of home affairs following violence during a rally by bjp president amit shah earlier this week, and claim that the poll body is doing the governments bidding.
prompted by the supreme court, telcos vodafone and airtel recently shared with cbi detailed cdrs (call detail records) of five numbers belonging to sudipta sen (three) and close aide debjani mukherjee (two).
both the west bengal police and the telcos were not cooperating with it, the agency said in court, and had shared only limited cdrs, prompting the courts order.
on friday, the supreme court said kumars protection from arrest would expire in seven days, that is may 24, and the agency has already started discussing when to arrest him as his custodial interrogation will open a can of worms, the top cbi officer said.
he added that kumars arrest is imminent.
his custodial interrogation is necessary to find who he was protecting and his links with the scam accused.
during his sc-ordered questioning in shillong in february, he was not cooperative, said the cbi officer.
another cbi officer said the agencys evidence against the west bengal officer is adequate to not just arrest him, but also to convict him.
a cbi spokesperson declined comment.
the anti-corruption probe agency informed the apex court, which had ordered the probe into the saradha scam, earlier this year that kumar destroyed and tampered the material evidence in the form of cdrs of the prime accused and potential accused.
apart from kumar, the cbi officer added, six more west bengal police officers are under the scanner.
one of these officers has earlier worked in cbi and he used to guide west bengal police on the possible next steps of the agency investigators citing his experience.
cbi began investigating the saradha chit fund scam in 2014.
at least 1.
7 million depositors were duped to the extent of ~3,500 crore in the scam.
in april 2013, saradha founder sudipta sen wrote an 18-page confessional letter to cbi, in which he admitted that he had paid large sums of money to several politicians, businessmen, journalists and others.
the companys modus operandi was to lure investors to deposit money in its schemes with glossy brochures and the promise of abnormally high returns.
so far, properties worth around ~1,000 crore have been attached by the enforcement directorate in west bengal, assam, delhi, uttar pradesh and maharashtra.
the attached assets include flats, bungalows, bank deposits, land, resorts, a school, a dairy farm, and vehicles.
the west bengal government led by chief minister mamatabanerjee on tuesday approved 10  reservation in government jobs and educational institutions for the economically weaker sections (ews) from general category.
west bengal was among the few states that had not implemented the 10  ews quota introduced by the centre though a constitutional amendment earlier this year.
while the trinamool congress governments move was welcomed by all three opposition parties in the state  the bharatiya janata party (bjp), the communist party of india (marxist) and the congress, they also expressed concerns over the process of identifying the potential beneficiaries.
currently, west bengal has 22  reservation for those belonging to the scheduled castes, 6  for scheduled tribes and 17  for other backward classes (obc), taking the total quota to 45 its a historic decision.
there are many factors to define someone who belongs to the economically weaker section.
these details will be mentioned in the government order that will be issued soon, said partha chatterjee, parliamentary affairs and education minister.
backward classes welfare minister rajib mamatabanerjee explained that the reservation is for the people from the general classes.
reservation for the scs, sts and obcs remain as they were.
bjp leader manoj tigga, said, while it is good to see that the state is following the centres footsteps, we have concerns whether corruption will mar the process of identifying the beneficiaries.
abdul mannan, the leader of the opposition in the state assembly, welcomed the move, so did communist party of india (marxist)s sujan chakraborty, the left leader in the state legislature.
years of struggle finally yielded results.
we are happy, but have raised concerns over the process of identification.
we want a foolproof system to ensure that only deserving ones are identified as beneficiaries, mannan said.
meanwhile, the congress-led madhya pradesh government on tuesday issued an order to provide 10  quota to ews category in the general category in education and jobs in the state.
the quota will be applicable in all the direct recruitment test of the government department.
the 10  seats will be reserved for ews in all the education institutes from now onwards, said pc meena, additional chief secretary, general administration department.
controversial muslim cleric noor-ur-rehman barkati was sacked on wednesday as the shahi imam of kolkatas tipu sultan mosque after months of controversy over a series of fatwas and refusal to give up the red beacon.
a meeting of the trustees of the 165-year-old mosque decided to remove barkati - considered close to west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee - for objectionable and inflammatory remarks against the country.
barkati, known as the fatwa imam, had courted controversy over a series of diktats against prominent personalities including prime minister narendra modi.
what prompted his sacking was threat of a jihad if india was declared a hindu state.
he had also refused to remove the red beacon on his vehicle following the centres decision to do away with what is considered a status symbol for many.
barkati was later forced to remove the beacon by the bengal government.
the termination notice was sent today.
the notice has told him that he is not the imam from today (wednesday), said arif ahmed, chairman of the prince gholam mohammad wakf estate, the custodian of the mosque.
the trust gave him seven days to vacate the office or potentially face forcible eviction by police.
a defiant barkati, however, said the committee had no right to sack him.
i have been the imam for 30 years.
the committee is functioning for 12 years only.
it cannot sack me.
they are conspiring against me with the help of a section of the media.
i have to explore what legal step i can take, he told reporters.
the cleric said he was will speak to mamatabanerjee on her return from delhi.
other prominent names to have faced barkatis fatwas include author salman rushdie, bangladesh-born writer taslima nasreen and canadian columnist tarek fateh.
the wakf estate authorities has given the mosque trustee board the responsibility to find a new imam.
a senior cleric will perform barkatis duties till his successor is found.
shahezada anwar ali shah, the head of the mosque board, earlier described barkati as a blot on our community.
the man known for his burgundy beard and about a dozen pet cats seemed to enjoy a degree of impunity as he got away even after announcing the fatwa against modi, over which a bjp leader had filed a police complaint.
but barkatis relation with the establishment soured last week after his jihad comments.
on may 13, mamatabanerjee sent urban development minister firhad hakim to chastise him and also to force him to remove the red beacon on his car.
the same day, library minister siddiqullah chowdhury also held an agitation against the imam outside his mosque.
the trustee board head said the mosque received a flood of complaints against barkati, prominent among which is the false claim of being shahi imam.
according to shah, a shahi imam is one who administers namaaz to royal families, or is appointed by a royal family.
barkati is the second generation imam from his family after his father.
he took over the charge as the imam in 1989, he said.
the trustee board chief also said that a police complaint has been filed against barkati for forcefully snatching away the keys of rooms of the mosques including the record room.
there are also complaints against the imam for misusing the mosque complex for press conferences and running personal businesses like conducting marriages.
west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee alleged on monday that the centre and the cadres of the ruling bjp were trying to incite violence in the state and conspiring to bring down her government.
she also said the bharatiya janata party (bjp) was trying to throttle her voice as she was the only one in the country to protest against them.
they (bjp) are spending crores and crores of money to spread fake news through different social networking websites.
also read: home ministry seeks report on bengal violence that killed 3; trinamool fumesshe said the centre also had an equal responsibility as the state governments in case any violence or riot took place in any state.
if there is any riot or violence in any state, then the central government cannot shrug off its responsibility, she said.
this (inciting violence in west bengal) is a planted game.
this is their game plan to throttle my voice, because they know that mamatabanerjee is the only person in the country to raise voice against them.
this conspiracy to bring down our government will not succeed, the trinamool congress (tmc) chief said, hitting out at the centre for sending an advisory to her government in the wake of the sandeskhali killings.
thats the reason the advisory was sent to the state government.
but i will not speak on it because the chief secretary has already given his reply on it, she said.
also read: bengal governor briefs pm modi, amit shah on violence in statethe centre expressed deep concern on sunday over the continuing violence in west bengal, saying the unabated violence even after the lok sabha polls appeared to be a failure on the part of the state government.
stating that there were a few stray post-poll clashes in the state, the west bengal government claimed that the situation in the state was under control in a letter to the centre, which issued the advisory after four persons died in incidents of violence between the workers of the tmc and the bjp.
state chief secretary malay kumar de wrote in the letter that firm and appropriate actions were initiated in all cases of violence without any delay.
(the story has been published from a wire feed without any modifications to the text, only the headline has been changed.
doctors of state-run medical colleges and hospitals in west bengal demanding better security will meet chief minister mamatabanerjee on monday to put across their demands as thousands of patients have been affected by the ongoing agitation.
the protests began last monday after at least three junior doctors were assaulted by family members of a patient who died in the state-run nrs medical college paralysing operations of outpatient departments (opds) and spilling over to other parts of the country, including new delhi.
officials said mamatabanerjee may hold a meeting at the state secretariat at 3pm on monday.
the doctors are expected to seek better infrastructure at state-run hospitals, better security and the arrest of the attackers at nrs hospital during the meeting.
they said on sunday they are ready for talks with mamatabanerjee but said the chief minister will have to meet them in the presence of journalists and representatives of all the 14 medical colleges in the state.
they had earlier insisted that mamatabanerjee visit the citys nrs medical college and hospital, the epicentre of the agitation.
the protesting doctors said that mamatabanerjee is free to choose the venue for the meeting but the conditions set by them will have to be met, a demand that came a day after they turned down the chief ministers appeal for a dialogue at the state secretariat.
after indications that the government may not allow the media in the meeting, doctors asked the administration if they could use personal cameras to record the proceedings.
banerjee softened her stand on saturday and said her government did not want to take action against junior doctors and hurt their careers.
let good sense prevail.
health care across india could be affected on monday as the indian medical association (ima) has announced in a country-wide call that all services related to opds, routine operation theatre and ward visits will be withdrawn for 24 hours from 6am on monday.
union health minister harsh vardhan on saturday asked states to consider enacting specific legislation for protecting doctors and medical professionals from any form of violence.
ima, the top medical body, has also demanded a comprehensive central law in dealing with violence on doctors and health care staff.
the services continue to remain affected in the emergency wards, outdoor facilities and pathological units of many state-run hospitals and private medical facilities in west bengal.
rss and vhp have seized the occasion of ram navami to expand its presence in bengal, which has emerged as a focus state for bjp post the up blitzkrieg, by organising a clutch of programmes such as religious gatherings, processions, chanting of the gita in neighbourhoods and raising of the saffron flag atop houses.
the sangh parivar is highlighting the new drive in the state as a push to its agenda of rebuilding the ram temple in ayodhya that has gathered steam after the up landslide.
incidentally, ram navami that is celebrated with fanfare in states such as up and bihar have never been organised in such a scale in bengal by any outfit.
read: adityanath orders security, amenities in temples ahead of navratri, ram navamiwe will consolidate the hindu community through an array of programmes.
to that end, we are organising ram navami in a big way in every district so that we can teach the urgent need to for the hindus to come together in bengal, said jishnu basu, rss general secretary, (south bengal).
an invitation card distributed in malda district for ram bavami.
(ht photo)though the vote share of the saffron camp has gone up in bengal since 2014 lok sabha polls -- from 6  in 2009 to 16.
8  in 2014 -- its remains a marginal player with two lok sabha mps and three mlas.
we are organising a statewide programme that will be a wake up call for the people of bengal for the ram janmabhoomi moveement in the state.
it will be not only a celebration of lord rama but also a show of might of hindus in bengal, remarked sourish mukherjee, vhp spokesperson.
while rss has planned gatherings and gita path (recitations from the gita), vhp has planned colorful processions in the districts and special pujas on and after april 5, the birth date of lord rama.
read: mumbai temples gear up for grand ram navami celebrationsvhp has also planned a hindu dharma sabha in kolkata on april 11.
its national leaders and religious figures have been invited to the programme at esplanade in the heart of the business district of kolkata.
incidentally, the saffron camps plan to celebrate ram navami has already triggered a reaction from chief minister mamatabanerjee who pointed out that she doesnt have any objection to anybody celebrating the birthday of rama, but it should not create communal disharmony in the state.
file picture of babri masjid.
the sangh parivar will use the ram navami celebrations to push its programmme for building public opinion to build the ram temple in ayodhya.
(ht photo)rss masterminding communal riots on the d of ram nabami in different parts of d state.
d vigilant left has 2 protect communal harmony at any cost, twitted cpi-m bengal secretary and politburo member surya kanta mishra on monday evening.
the sangh parivars announcement comes close on the heels of the rss expressing grave concern at the akhil bhartiya paritinidhi sabha meet in nagpur over the unabated rise in violence propagated by jihadi elements in bengal.
read: vhps temple passion to run high on ram navami this yearrss also alleged that the state government/ruling party is hand-in-glove with anti-national elements and are encouraging them to play muslim vote bank politics right.
the initiative will build confidence among the hindus of bengal.
it will foster the much needed brotherhood.
hindus are under attack and there is an unchecked rise in fundamentalist elements in the state.
in a way it will be a show of might too, bjp state president dilip ghosh told ht.
though bjp is formally not associated with the programmes, its workers and leaders of the state unit will join.
keralite naxal leader k n ramachandran, who went missing in kolkata on sunday, reached new delhi on tuesday morning after a group of unidentified people  allegedly intelligence officers  took him to an undisclosed location where he was detained overnight and put him on a delhi-bound train on monday evening and packed off to the national capital.
octogenarian ramachandran came to kolkata to attend at rally at bhangar, where his outfit, cpi(ml)(red star), is spearheading a movement against a power grid.
the movement has become a major embarrassment and headache for the mamatabanerjee government.
in a statement issued shortly after his arrival in new delhi, ramachandran alleged that he was overpowered by a group of men soon after his arrival at kolkata station on sunday evening.
he was gagged, blindfolded and forced into a vehicle.
later he found himself at place that he thought was located in the outskirts of kolkata.
his mobile phone was taken away and, following thorough grilling by officers who knew malayalam  ramachandrans mother tongue  he was again forced into a car on monday afternoon, blindfolded, and taken to durgapur station, about 150 kilometres from kolkata.
the ruling party in bengal is worried that maoists may be behind the land agitation in bhangar that did not allow trinamool leaders and the police to enter for a few days.
(ht photo)(they) gave me back my suitcase.
they took away rs 3,000 from the bag and did not give me the mobile, ensuring that i cannot return to kolkata for the scheduled january 24 visit to bhangar and the press conference at kolkata, ramachandran said in the statement.
i have no comment on this incident.
i have no idea at all, dgp surajit kar purakayastha told ht.
while according to ramachandrans statement, those who picked him up claimed to the officers of central intelligence agencies, cpi(ml)(red star) leaders told ht it is more likely that state agencies were involved and deliberately gave false information.
they also pointed out that while, the outfits leaders were busy in finding out ramachandrans whereabouts, trinamool congress led a peace rally in bhangar, their first since trouble broke out on january 16.
ramachandran alleged that he was grilled particularly over his outfits relations with the maoists and whether maoists were involved in the agitation at bhangar.
according to ramachandran, he told the intelligence officers that they were trying to build the movement keeping both the maoists and the cpi(m) away.
the whole episode of kidnapping and detention of the general secretary of a party which is working openly at all india level is a naked repetition of what the central and state governments are doing at bhangar in south 24 parganas it was a naked fascist act to gag me, to prevent me from going to the villages to declare solidarity with the affected people and families of the two martyrs, and to address the media at kolkata explaining the details of the bhangar movement, the octogenarian said.
incidentally, cpi(ml)(red star) is known in the left circles as a naxalite faction that is strongly opposed to the maoists.
they have been stern critics of the policy of armed struggle.
the party takes part in elections at all levels -- municipal, assembly and lok sabha.
the developments in bhangar show that mamatabanerjee , who came in power using the singur and nandigram movements, is doing a worse act in bhangar and the people will not allow her to get away with it, the octogenarian said.
the gathering of opposition leaders in bengaluru on wednesday to celebrate the swearing-in of the janata dal (secular)-congress government quickly turned into a platform to discuss plans for 2019.
across the political spectrum in the non-bharatiya janata party camp, the broad agreement is to focus on state-specific, pre-poll pacts and sew up strategies against the bjp as a precursor to a post-poll national alliance.
the approach, as detailed by several leaders present in bengaluru, will also obviate the need to discuss sticky issues  such as the identity of a consensus prime ministerial candidate.
congress spokesperson abhishek manu singhvi summed up the thinking behind the proposed strategy.
prevention of split of votes holds the key for success.
in triangular contests, the bjp has won only because of division of votes.
submergence of egos, creation of a mega coordination committee with sub-committees for micro-management should be formed, he said.
both bahujan samaj party head mayawati and trinamool congress chief mamatabanerjee are believed to harbour prime ministerial ambitions.
ahead of the karnataka polls, congress president rahul gandhi said he could be a candidate for the position if his party had enough seats in the lok sabha.
we spoke about how karnataka has shown a way to tackle the bjp.
we have to fight collectively.
on wednesday, she even shook hands with communist party of india (marxist) general secretary sitaram yechury  a rare moment in their mutual history.
when she asked yechury about his well-being in bengali, yechury retorted in the same language: you know what is happening with my party in bengal, referring to the recent panchayat polls in which the trinamool strong-armed its way to total dominance.
yechury also emphasised the need for a state-specific approach to oust the bjp from the centre.
according to people present in the discussion of opposition leaders on wednesday, he told congress president rahul gandhi and a few others how late cpi(m) general secretary harkishan singh surjeet used to say, let us go from region to region to maximize seats.
gandhi, these people added, told yechury that they would meet up soon to take forward the plans for 2019.
even as the congress is in power in just four states, it is the principal opposition powerhouse in states such as madhya pradesh, rajasthan, maharashtra and kerala.
the people present at the event on wednesday also said the leaders discussed how the samajwadi party (sp) and bsp came together in uttar pradesh and the bjp had to bite the dust in the bypolls to two lok sabha seats in march.
they pointed to the warmth of the greetings between united progressive alliance chairperson sonia gandhi and bsp chief mayawati .
at one point on wednesday, they added, gandhi asked someone to make way for rashtriya lok dal chief ajit singh.
singhs candidate is backed by the sp, the bsp and the congress in the upcoming bypoll to the kairana lok sabha seat from uttar pradesh.
analyst shiv vishvanathan said, what we saw was festivity.
everyone standing together doesnt mean they are united.
but i agree this could be the beginning of something new but for that, they have to come together on different issues.
.
.
the bjp didnt think much of the bonhomie between opposition parties, nor of a possible grand alliance.
we are already fighting those parties in different states, bjps media cell chief and rajya sabha member anil baluni said.
do you think (rjd leader) lalu prasad will make any difference in tamil nadu or (andhra pradesh chief minister n.) chandrababu naidu in uttar pradesh?
its a joke.
talks of a united front to take on the bjp have been gathering momentum in recent months.
the formation of a jds-congress government in karnataka has, apart from adding to this, has also ensured the congress remains part of the equation.
west bengals mamatabanerjee , who was talking of a non-congress, non-bjp club, made it clear that the congress must also play a role.
i have never said congress has no space in the federal front.
there are areas where the congress is powerful.
they should take the lead in those areas to defeat the bjp, she said.
people familiar with the matter in the tmc added that although she wants the congress to take on the bjp is certain states, she is not open to congresss leadership in a federal front.
according to people present at the function, mamatabanerjee had long chats with nationalist congress partys sharad pawar, sps akhilesh yadav, rashtriya janata dals tejashwi yadav and others.
the galaxy of the opposition leaders was also keen to send out the right signal from the platform.
delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal and former jharkhand cm babulal marandi wanted to know what the common message could be.
yechury told them to tell people that they have gathered after foiling the efforts of bjp to kidnap democracy by forming government even after losing election and for the first time, the winning combination got 56.
6  of peoples votes in the state.
andhra pradesh chief minister chandrababu naidu, who recently broke away from the national democratic alliance, held a separate meeting with mamatabanerjee and the two are believed to have discussed plans for 2019.
crude bombs were hurled at two places on sunday in west bengal, where polling is underway in nine constituencies in the last phase of polling of the lok sabha election amid reports of vandalism and malfunctioning evms.reports of bombs thrown in gilaberia area in deganga of north 24 parganas district under barasat constituency and in raidighi of south 24 parganas district under mathurapur constituency came in as voters queued up in polling booths.
there were allegations that bjp supporters were beaten up and its camp office vandalised allegedly by tmc workers in kultoli in jaynagar lok sabha constituency as 14.
17  polling was recorded till 9am from across the state.
sayantan basu, the bjps candidate for basirhat constituency, alleged rigging in several areas and said police was doing nothing to stop it.
people have queued up from as early as 4:30am to vote.
but there are a lot of allegations of muscle flexing and rigging in areas such as sandeshkhali, hingalganj and baduria.
the inspector-in-charge of shashan police station is virtually helping to rig in favour of the tmc, basu said.
about 150 complaints were lodged with the ec (election commission) in the first three hours.
i have not seen effective steps of the poll panel so far, basu, also the general secretary of the bengal unit of the bjp, alleged.
follow live updates heremala roy, the tmcs candidate in kolkata south constituency, alleged that central force personnel did not allow her to enter booth number 72 in a polling station in mudiali under her constituency.
roy said she went after learning that polling was stopped for 45 minutes.
she said she will lodge a complaint with the poll watchdog.
trinamool congress rajya sabha member sukhendu sekhar ray alleged electronic voting machines in all the parliamentary constituencies were not working as he questioned the ec over the evms.hundreds of evms found to be dysfunctional from the very start of poll in various booths of the 9 parliamentary constituencies of west bengal where elections are being held today, ray wrote on facebook.
rs 3,173 crores sanctioned by the government in april 2017 for purchase of 16 lakh new evms. it seems that old and junk machines have been put on service in these 9 constituencies with the evil design to delay the process of voting, he said.
because if the voters after waiting for hours together fail to cast their votes will leave the polling stations in disgust, which will affect percentage of polling severely.
shame election commission, ray said.
widespread violencebefore this, the state witnessed numerous incidents of violence in the last six rounds of polling, which included vandalism, attacks on candidates, party workers, security officials and the media, and those of stopping voters from voting.
sporadic incidents of booth capture, smashing and malfunctioning of electronic voting machines (evm), intimidation of voters have also been reported from west bengal in all these phases.
several workers of both the parties have also been killed in violence reported from across the state.
the past week also saw a high-pitched battle between the bharatiya janata party and the tmc, during and in the immediate aftermath of bjp president amit shahs roadshow in kolkata, which included the vandalising of a bust of 19th century bengali icon ishwar chandra vidyasagar in an educational institute.
this led to the election commission bringing forward the campaign period by 19 hours, a move that received all-round criticism from opposition leaders.
the eastern state is important for both the tmc and the bjp as 42 seats are on offer  the third highest after uttar pradesh and maharashtra  which the ruling party at the centre is eyeing to offset possible losses in northern india, and which are crucial for chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjees national political ambitions.
candidates, as well as party workers, of both the tmc and bjp have accused each other of violence throughout the six phases of polling in the state.
during the sixth phase on may 12, the bjps candidate from ghatal constituency bharati ghosh alleged she was heckled at a polling booth and pushed by some women supporters of the trinamool congress.
the former indian police service (ips) officer, once considered close to chief minister mamatabanerjee , also said stones were thrown at her convoy and that crude bombs were hurled at her car.
also read: poll violence at several places in bengal, bjp to meet ec in delhiin barrackpore parliamentary constituency, the bjps candidate arjun singh alleged he was attacked by goondas of the trinamool congress in the fifth phase on may 6.
on the same day, at bongaon lok sabha seat, one tmc worker and one cop were injured in the violence.
in hooghly district, which borders kolkata, the rented accommodation of bjps womens wing chief locket chatterjee, an actor-turned-politician who is also the partys candidate from the hooghly lok sabha constituency, was allegedly vandalised on may 6 by tmc workers.
a complaint was also filed against chatterjee for allegedly threatening a presiding officer at a poll booth in hooghly constituency during the same phase.
sporadic clashes were reported in west bengal, especially from asansol, in the fourth phase of the general election.
the bjps sitting member of parliament and candidate babul supriyos car was vandalised in asansol allegedly by stone-throwing trinamool congress supporters.
the minister escaped unharmed with only the rear glass of the vehicle being damaged.
on april 18, the second phase of polling, the communist party of india (marxist) candidate and raiganj sitting mp mohammed salims car was attacked when he went to a polling booth on islampur.
reports of sporadic violence came from darjeeling constituency as well.
places such as nalhati (birbhum), nanoor (bolpur), barabani (asansol) and suri (birbhum) saw pitched battles between political workers involving knives and long sticks.
crude bombs were hurled by unidentified men outside polling stations at tiktikipara in domkal, murshidabad, and kaliachawk in malda south.
the election commission has deployed hundreds of security personnel forces to cover the booths in the battleground eastern state to ensure free and fair polling.
the votes will be counted on may 23.
i could have fought from several places.
people asked me why im not contesting as our tmc has got national party recognition.
i can contest from uttar pradesh, rajasthan and bihar.
if im winning i can contest from anywhere but i do not want division of votes, she said while addressing a public gathering at siliguri in west bengal.
i want regional parties to go ahead.
lalu yadav in bihar, mayawati and akhilesh in uttar pradesh and aap in delhi.
i have helped everyone and brought everyone together, she stressed.
we will contest from jharkhand on three to four sets but bengal is our main focus and loyalty.
we will not leave any stone unturned to come into power in the state.
everyone vote is very important to bring development in bengal.
the trinamool congress (tmc) supremo said wherever regional parties are strong they should not lose their votes from their area.
bjp is at no place, cpm is something in kerala but nothing across the country.
even congress can do nothing.
whatever little they have in other states let them fight from there.
.
.
we have no issue with it.
but where i am strong why would you vote for the congress.
where chandrababu naidu is strong why would you vote for some other party, she said.
scheduled castes and scheduled tribes are facing atrocities.
we will not allow this.
we will follow the footsteps of dr br ambedkar.
no political party has the right to torture the minority.
air india no more serves non-vegetarian food.
it is like what he (pm modi) wants to eat everyone has to eat that.
we will eat what we want.
it is my choice whether i want to eat veg or non-veg.
who is modi to tell us?
she said.
she added it is dangerous for us that there is a party called rss who carries danda (stick) and roam around with goondas (goons).
asserting that prime minister modi is spreading rumours about two most prominent religious festivals -- saraswati pooja and durga pooja, the tmc chief said: is it so?
are not we celebration durga pooja and saraswati pooja.
who is he to tell us about our people, state and culture.
can he chant a single mantra?
for his whimsical thoughts, he has started behaving like hitler.
the lok sabha polls for 42 parliamentary seats in west bengal began on april 11 and it is staggered in all seven phases till may 19.
the results will be declared on may 23.
(ani)but i assure you that i will not allow it in my state, she added.
banerjee also took a jibe at the saffron party and said she has fielded a bhumiputra (son of the soil) from the darjeeling seat, unlike the bjp, which has nominated a candidate who hails from manipur.
its sad that the bjp could not find a candidate in darjeeling and had to bring someone from manipur to fight the election, she added.
asserting that bjp will not return to power at the centre, she claimed that it will not win seats in many states.
the congress has sought time until may 14 from the election commission (ec) to file a reply in a complaint against party president rahul gandhi.
the complaint, filed by the bharatiya janata party, pertains to a poll speech made in shahdol, madhya pradesh, on april 23 in which gandhi had purportedly said that the bjp has made a new rule under which tribals can be shot at, referring to a new draft law of the indian forest act.
this is the second time that gandhi has asked for an extension over this complaint.
additionally, the bjp on tuesday complained to the poll watchdog that gandhi had indulged in repeated and persistent violations of the model code of conduct (mcc) by making intentional, repetitive, baseless, malicious and defamatory allegations against prime minister narendra modi and bjp president amit shah.
the party submitted four different memorandums to the ec seeking strict steps against gandhi and west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjee.
in a memorandum, the ruling party mentioned six different incidents where the congress chief had called the pm a thief and, without any evidence, called many union ministers thieves.
the party said that gandhi,during his rally in ahmedabad on march 12, had said violated the mcc by saying that the pm gave rs 30,000 crore meant for the indian air force to industrialist anil ambani.
in a separate complaint, the bjp mentioned a video that went viral on social media where the west bengal cm could be seen scolding a crowd for shouting some slogans when her convoy was passing.
banerjee was trying to intimidate the voters by telling them that they had to stay in the state even after the polls, the memorandum saidon monday, the congress complained against a film, bhagwa atankwad bhramjaal, which was supposed to be screened on monday in bhopal.
the congress said that the film was being released to vitiate the atmosphere of communal harmony in bhopal.
it also complained against modis remarks calling former prime minister rajiv gandhi, corrupt (person) no.
1.
the mcc came into force from march 10 when the ec announced the schedule of the lok sabha polls.
the results of the seven-phase elections will be announced on may 23.
kolkataupdated: aug 08, 2019 17:57 istthe jai shri ram slogan and cut money that became key issues in the lok sabha elections earlier this year and have since rocked bengal politics found their way into a question paper of a school.
the bengali language paper of akna union high school in hooghly district, 55km from kolkata, asked class 10 students to write how the jai shri ram slogan was generating adverse effects in society and how the return of cut money was benefiting people.
the students, in the exam held on august 5, were asked to write a report for a newspaper on any one of the two  harmful effects on the society of chanting jai shri ram or on the bold step of the government to stop corruption by returning cut money.
the reference was obviously to the bjp workers shouting jai shri ram slogans during election rallies and later greeting chief minister mamatabanerjee with the chants wherever she went prompting her to declare that her party would counter bjps slogan with the jai hind and jai bangla slogans.
the cut money is a reference to mamatabanerjee asking those who embezzled funds from government welfare schemes through cut money (commission) to return it to the original beneficiaries.
bjp leaders, through the lok sabha election campaign, had often referred to tolabazi tax to refer to this commissionno one has lodged any complaint but we took steps on our own.
we decided to cancel the question.
if anyone attempted to answer it, the student would be given full marks, said headmaster rohit pyne.
subhasish ghosh, the bengali teacher who set the question paper has apologised, added pyne.
bjp leaders lashed out at both the school authorities and the ruling trinamool congress.
it is clear that the school authorities have taken up the responsibility of beating the drum for trinamool congress.
they accuse us of saffronising education, but now the people of the state should see what they are doing.
the teachers have become slaves of the ruling party.
i dont have words strong enough to condemn it, said subir nag, president of hooghly district organisational unit of the bjp.
nag also pointed out how in early 2017, the movement of returning the land of the tata motors plant in singur led by tmc chief mamatabanerjee was made a part of the class 8 history books in the state.
six pages of the 10-page chapter entitled jamin jal jangal: jiban jibikar adhikar o ganaandolan were devoted to mamatabanerjee banerjees singur movement.
though senior tmc leaders chose not to respond on the question controversy, gopal roy, the karmadhyakha (official in charge) of education in the hooghly zilla parishad (district council) said, current topics are chosen to ask students to write reports for a newspaper.
an individual is entitled to have an opinion on the subject.
therefore, there is no room for controversy.
but now a section of the people is trying to take the opportunity to stir controversy.
however, nirmal ghosh, the deputy chief of akna gram panchayat, who is also a local tmc leader said, such a political question would create confusion in the minds of the students.
incidentally, the question carried an error.
the state government did not ask for the return of cut money.
banerjee made the appeal at a party programme (where mainly councillors of the party in the states civic bodies were present) and the administrative machinery was not involved in it.
beef stirred the political pot on monday, after congress activists in kerala killed a cow in a public square to defy the central governments new curbs on the sale and purchase of the animal.
the protests were staged after the union environment ministry notified last week that no cattle can be sold or bought in animal markets for slaughter.
the decision brought the opposition and the ruling bjp into conflict.
west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee and the cpm, which rules kerala, spoke in a rare voice of unity between the two arch rivals against the narendra modi government.
kerala chief minister pinarayi vijayan urged his counterparts to raise their voice against the restrictions on cattle trade, saying the centres anti-federal, anti-democratic and anti-secular move is an attempt to usurp power from the state governments.
in a letter to the chief ministers, he said the ban would affect the livelihood of millions of people, especially those in the farming sector.
vijayan said he didnt need a lesson in food habits from new delhi or nagpur, referring to the rss headquarters in maharashtra.
the cpm will organise evening dharnas in 2,000 places across in kerala on june 2.
the date coincides with bjp chief amit shahs three-day tour to the southern state, where the party is trying to make inroads.
focus on cows, considered sacred by hindus, and beef has increased since the bjp won power in 2014.
the partys ideological parent, the rashtriya swayamsevak sangh, has long pushed for a nationwide ban on cattle slaughter and trade.
but a beef ban was viewed as an attempt to limit peoples freedom to choose what they eat.
besides, the curbs on cattle trade have the potential to alienate muslims who dominate the rs 100,000-crore meat business in india.
hindu hardliners and cow vigilante groups have been increasingly asserting themselves since 2014.
muslims are considered a key support base of banerjees trinamool congress, the cpm and congress.
banerjee wondered why the trade curbs were announced on may 23, just before the islamic holy month of ramadan.
the bjp attacked the congress after functionaries of the opposition partys youth wing killed a cow in kannur and distributed the meat to people on saturday.
this is shameful and in many ways provocative.
political opposition happens but it is unfortunate that such an act has been committed, that too by youth congress workers, union law minister ravi shankar prasad said.
the congress suspended three functionaries associated with the slaughter and party vice president rahul gandhi called the incident barbaric, saying his party wont tolerate such acts.
congress spokesperson randeep surjewala said such action by party workers was completely unacceptable and alien to civil society, our culture and founding principles.
the party was in damage-control mode after kerala bjp president kummanam rajasekharan posted the video of the incident on twitter, calling it cruelty at its peak.
the video triggered national outrage.
uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath, who had clamped down on illegal slaughterhouses and cattle smuggling soon after coming to power this april, questioned the opposition parties silence on the incident.
the 44-year-old priest-politician, an active promoter of cow conservation, asked: why are the people who staged vociferous protests over the incidents in du and jnu silent on the issue?
his target was political leaders who supported students involved in alleged anti-national functions in the two premier universities in the national capital.
amid the partys condemnation of the kerala incident, a senior bjp leader of the garo hills in meghalaya allayed fears over a beef ban in his state, which goes to the polls next year.
in meghalaya, most of the bjp leaders eat beef.
the question of banning beef does not arise in a state like meghalaya, bernard n marak said and promised to bring down beef prices if voted to power.
most of the protests on monday over the cattle trade rules were recorded in kerala and neighbouring tamil nadu, where cow slaughter is not banned.
in iit madras, about 80 students organised a beef festival on the campus of the countrys premier engineering institute.
it is our democratic right to choose our food, said abhinav surya, a final-year student.
tamil nadus main opposition dmk has planned a protest on may 31.
dmk working president mk stalin will lead the protest in chennai, the party said, adding the fundamental right to choice of food granted by the constitution has been snatched away.
kolkataupdated: aug 27, 2019 12:05 istover the past seven days, west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee has done it thrice.
after every administrative meeting that she routinely undertakes in different districts of the state, the chief minister has started making unscheduled visits to the homes of common people.
she did it in howrah, east midnapore and east burdwan districts.
on august 19, mamatabanerjee paid a sudden visit to a slum in howrah town on her way to an administrative review meeting for howrah district.
she inquired from the locals about their problems and even entered a few homes to see for herself their living conditions.
at the administrative meeting, she lambasted her party legislators and ministers for the neglect of the slum.
why should i have to do your work?
she asked minister arup roy, who hails from howrah district, at the administrative review meeting that was aired live on tv channels and social media.
read more: kolkata mayor firhad hakim is emerging as mamatabanerjee banerjees man fridayin the evening, the chief minister went to a village in the neighbouring east midnapore district and sat at a panchayat members home to listen to the villagers.
on august 21, she paid another unscheduled visit to the tribal-dominated duttapur village along the border of west bengal and odisha after convening the administrative review meeting for east midnapore district.
this time, she sat on a chair at an open space, inquired from the locals about their needs and problems, distributed candies among the children and then surprised the locals all the more by entering a tea stall and pouring out tea for several persons present at the spot.
on august 26, it was the turn of the residents of baikunthapur village in east burdwan district to be surprised.
she went there straight after holding the administrative review meeting for the district.
true to her style, she mixed freely with the villagers sitting at their homes, sipped tea and distributed the biscuits they offered her with the tea to those who are stood around her.
so, what is the logic, politics or math behind these trips?
elections, pressure on officials and gimmicks are some of the explanations one hears, but the opinion is divided.
the trinamool congress leaders, all of whom spoke on condition of anonymity, had various views.
a trinamool congress minister close to mamatabanerjee said that though a massive public outreach campaign is currently on in the state under the didike bolo and grame chalo campaigns, the chief minister herself wants to understand the psyche of the common people, a good number of who have moved away from the ruling party, as was evident in the lok sabha elections.
didike bolo allows aggrieved persons to lodge a complaint directly with her using a tollfree phone number and an email id.
under the gramey chalo campaign, elected public representatives are visiting villages, spending the whole day and night, listing peoples grievances and distributing the phone number and email id among the public.
even the phone number and email have filters.
the complaints received through didike bolo are scrutinised by the members of a special team and only the very serious issues are taken to her.
here, she is getting to hear everything by herself, said the tmc minister.
she is taking the didike bolo campaign to a different level, said a tmc member of the lok sabha on condition of anonymity.
according to a tmc legislator of hooghly district, she is keeping party leaders under pressure.
her sudden visits are surely aimed at keeping party leaders and administrative officers on their toes.
political analysts consider this as an extension of the didike bolo programme.
according to them, the idea that tmc wants to portray now is that even if other tmc leaders fail the people, there is mamatabanerjee who can turn everything around.
the message that tmc wants to spread now is that if things did not go well in the past, it was because the issues were not coming to her attention.
in short, the tmc-appointed political strategist prashant kishors present focus is on building a larger than life image of the tmc chief and to spread the message that there is no alternative to mamatabanerjee , said psephologist biswanath chakraborty, a professor of political science at rabindra bharati university.
kishore was roped in by tmc in june.
his team has designed and is overseeing the public outreach campaign.
amal mukhopadhyay, former principal of presidency college, thinks that mamatabanerjee is resorting to gimmicks because she has no explanation for her failures, especially in job creation.
this is her desperate attempt to recover her party from the bad image that it earned for its members highhandedness and indulgence in corruption.
its student wing earned notoriety for the college elections and the party earned widespread hatred for turning the 2018 panchayat elections into a mockery.
now, she is trying to impress people by showing how down-to-earth and accessible she is, mukhopadhyay said.
i, though, doubt if it is going to do her any good unless she focuses on the core issues of development, including job creation, mukhopadhyay added.
bjp leaders were acerbic.
the chief minister is trying to mislead the people by giving an impression that she is one of the common people and empathise with their cause, said bjp vice-president of the state unit, jay prakash majumdar.
.
.
.
west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on wednesday launched an oblique attack on the bharatiya janata party, saying one section of a religious group and the sister organisations of the ruling party at the centre have engineered a hate campaign against her.
the chief minister, however, did not name the bjp in a long post on facebook.
.
.
.
in the recent past and also in the recent days, one section of religious group, belonging to a political party ruling at the centre and also in the name of their sister organizations and others (either in their real names or fictitious names are distorting my views, opinions, sayings and thus misleading people with my photos through some fake accounts.
i strongly condemn such scandalous activities by the so-called #hindu zealots, she wrote.
her blistering attack on the bjp has come days after the central bureau of investigation (cbi) filed an fir against 12 trinamool leaders in the narada sting case and slapped sections of the prevention of corruption act (poca).
banerjee even tweeted the links to the fake facebook accounts.
this type of communal forces, with their political vendetta, is maligning people.
the members of minority communities, sc, st, obc, backward communities, general class, and women are not being spared.
i am sorry to say that the current situation is a horrifying signal of dark future of our country in their hands, she added.
the chief minister also spoke against the premier probe agencys action against the leaders of her party in puri in odisha and described the investigation into the narada case as a political conspiracy.
we are against the ideology of bjp.
they are also against us.
the narada case is a conspiracy as we dont subscribe to bjps ideology, she told reporters in the beach town.
banerjees outburst also comes in the midst of an overheated political atmosphere in the state over the saffron camps aggressive push over their hindutva agenda.
the trinamool leader has been targeted on social media in profane language over her stand on various issues.
some have even portrayed her in a hijab and addressed her as mumtaj begum in an obvious dig to her controversial policy of minority appeasement.
we do not need to take lessons on hinduism from them .
.
.
hindu religion is not the monopoly of the so-called hindus, she wrote on facebook.
she also appealed people to not to believe in rumours or gossips.
my official facebook and twitter are already available, and whenever i need to convey anything, i meet the press also, she said.
her visit to puri was marred after a servitor of puris jagannath temple opposed her entry to the temple on the ground that she is not a proper hindu as advocates the consumption of beef.
west bengal  where mamatabanerjee returned to power with a thumping majority last year  has seen mounting clashes between state forces and right-wing elements, who say the trinamool is biased towards muslims and is anti-hindu.
banerjee has picked on the bjp on several issues, including that of cow slaughter and consumption of beef.
she said in public meetings on a number of occasions that she will not tolerate cow politics in the state.
the chief minister has repeatedly said that whatever people eat is entirely a matter of personal choice.
prime minister narendra modi and congress president rahul gandhi escalated their war of words on the campaign trail on saturday, with less than a week left for the first phase of polling in the 2019 general election.
modi said the congress was a sinking ship like the titanic and its dynast had run away to find a safe seat to contest.
gandhi, who this week filed his nomination papers from keralas wayanad, and said he would also run for election from his family bastion of amethi, hit back, accusing modi of having favoured fugitive businessmen and mistreating his own guru, the veteran politician lal krishna advani.
the congresss naamdar (dynast) had to use a microscope to look for a second safe seat.
in the constituency he has chosen, the majority community is in minority.
he has also said he will not speak against his main left rival, modi said in nanded, maharashtra.
earlier, at a rally in odisha, he launched his strongest attack yet on congresss promise of a minimum income guarantee scheme that the opposition party said will entitle the poorest indian families to an annual income of rs 72,000.
i want to tell you about another conspiracy of congress to rob the assistance meant for the poor.
congress wants to implement such policies, which will double the prices of essential items, including rice and wheat,available through pds, modi said.
on april 1, at a rally in wardha in maharashtra, modi had said congress leaders were afraid of contesting constituencies dominated by majority population (hindus)  a speech the opposition party flagged to the election commission for being a violation of campaign rules that prohibit, among other things, claims that are communally sensitive .
the congress has said that gandhis decision to contest wayanad in addition to amethi will help reach out to voters in south india.
addressing a rally in uttarakhand, which goes to polls in the first phase on thursday, gandhi reiterated his allegations against modi.
he said modi had taken public money and given it to the likes of nirav modi and mehul choksi, diamond traders who have fled abroad and are wanted in connection with a rs 13,500 crore fraud at punjab national bank.
and now, when it has come to paying some money to the poorest as an income support, he is asking where will the money come from, the congress president said.
i have consulted economic experts and they said it is feasible without derailing the economy, he added.
he also spoke on the issue of bjp senior leader lk advani not being a party candidate in this general election.
narendra modi talks about hindu religion.
in hindu religion, the guru (leader) is supreme.
advani ji is narendra modis guru.
have you seen the condition of advani ji?
advani ji was kicked out of the stage, gandhi said.
advani, who is 91, has been excluded in line with the bjp policy of not fielding candidates above the age of 75, party president amit shah was quoted as saying in the magazine, the week.
congress general secretary incharge of eastern uttar pradesh priyanka gandhi also took aim at the prime minister and his party.
this is his deshbhakti?
that he can go to africa, america, china, japan, pakistan.
can have biryani and return but cannot seek the well-being of any poor in his own constituency.
he made a tall claim in 2014 that 15 lakh will be deposited in the bank accounts.
who has got that money?
she said in fatehpur.
if bjp leaders, who talk big about patriotism, are true patriots, they would respect martyrs of the country -- whether that martyr is hindu or muslim or the father of their political opponent.
he is a martyr.
you cant be selective in which martyr you respect.
if you are true patriots, respect all martyrs including rajiv gandhi and indira gandhi, she added.
the first phase of polling in the seven-phase election is scheduled to take place on april 11.
the last phase is due on may 19 and counting will be taken up on may 23.
indiaupdated: aug 29, 2019 18:57 ista temple, to be built for the first time by an elected government in bengal, at a cost not yet declared, is showing early signs of a storm even before the laying of the foundation stone.
embarking on her first major project that is not related to public utility or welfare, chief minister mamatabanerjee is all set to construct a temple for lord jagannath, one of the incarnations of vishnu.
but the trinamool congress chief wants no ordinary structure.
worshipped for centuries by hindus as one of the char dhams (four abodes) of lord vishnu, the jagannath temple at puri in odisha will have a replica 344 km away; at digha in bengals east midnapore district.
visit of the char dhams, located in four corners of india, ensures moksha or salvation, hindus believe.
the other three are at badrinath, dwarka and rameswaram.
digha and puri are both beach towns by the bay of bengal and draw people by the millions.
banerjee says her temple is part of an ambitious tourism project and hence will be built by the government.
opposition parties and intellectuals are not buying banerjees argument.
they are accusing her of trying to woo hindu voters who supported the bharatiya janata party in large numbers in the recent lok sabha polls, ensuring the partys victory in 18 of the states 42 seats.
after appeasing muslims for years, mamatabanerjee is building the temple to fulfil her obligation towards hindus.
money from government exchequer cannot be spent to build places of worship, bengal bjp president dilip ghosh said on sunday.
last week, mamatabanerjee visited east midnapore to hold administrative review meetings.
on august 20, she visited digha and offered prayers at a small temple where the proposed temple complex will come up.
banerjee went through the plans and asked officers and ministers accompanying her to start the work immediately and complete the project in two years.
the state government has acquired two acres.
this is a tourism project.
millions come to digha to spend holidays.
tourists will find a place to offer prayers as well.
the temple should be of the same height as the one in puri.
unlike the puri temple we have more open space.
the construction will start soon, said partha ghosh, district magistrate, east midnapore.
the chief minister, however, did not specify the budget.
the budget will be decided by the administration.
i want the job done well.
it should be aesthetically appealing, she said.
the budget will go up since the plan has been amended.
tenders will be floated soon, a senior state government official said on tuesday on condition of anonymity.
building a replica of the jagannath temple has not gone down well with many bengalis.
for a sizeable section of people, a trip to puri is not just an escape from daily life but also a pilgrimage since the town also houses the govardhan math, one of the four monasteries founded by the eighth century monk adi shankaracharya who consolidated the knowledge of the four vedas.
in his social media post, professor indraneel dasgupta of the indian statistical institute, an alumnus of the university of california, has written: now mamatabanerjee wants to set up a jagannath temple in digha to rival the one in puri.
seriously?
this is every bit as heretical a proposal as building another notre dame cathedral bang in the middle of las vegas.
is nothing sacred any more?
dilip ghosh visited east midnapore district over the weekend to supervise his partys membership drive.
he blasted the temple project.
while appeasing muslims the chief minister distanced herself from the vote bank.
now she wants to appease hindus.
temples must be built but not with government funds, he said.
communist party of india (marxist) has also taken a dig at the chief minister.
sentiments associated with the jagannath temple binds hindus across the globe.
mamata banerjees temple can neither replace the original, nor become a distant alternative.
a government starts building temples when it fails in every way to reach out to the masses, said cpi(m) politburo member md salim.
indiaupdated: sep 17, 2019 10:58 istwest bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee is likely to meet prime minister narendra modi in new delhi on wednesday, people familiar with the matter said, setting political circles abuzz in west bengal.
trianmool congress (tmc) leaders aware of the developments said mamatabanerjee is expected to arrive in delhi on tuesday.
speaking on condition of anonymity, a tmc leader familiar with the matter said mamatabanerjee plans to discuss administrative issues with modi.
the chief minister wants to keep political matters and administrative issues separate.
this appointment was sought earlier and has no connection with any recent incident.
another tmc leader said during the meeting, the chief minister might also protest against bharatiya janata party (bjp) leaders demanding a national register of citizens (nrc) in bengal.
bengals opposition parties, however, attacked the state government over the timing of the meeting, which comes against the backdrop of the central bureau of investigation (cbi) seeking custody of former kolkata police commissioner rajeev kumar as part of its probe into the saradha chit fund case.
rajeev kumar has nearly ruined his career by trying to suppress misdeeds of bengals ruling party leaders.
now that the noose around him has tightened and other officers in mamatabanerjee government have started to panic, she is out to protect her nephew (and lok sabha mp abhishek banerjee) and herself.
it is easy to see that rajeev kumar is the stepping stone to kalighat (where the chief minister stays), said left legislator sujan chakraborty.
kumar fails to appear before cbiformer kolkata police commissioner rajeev kumar, accused of tampering with evidence in the multi-crore saradha chit funds case, failed to appear before the central bureau of investigation (cbi) on monday, two days after his plea for protection from arrest was struck down by the calcutta high court.
on monday morning, cbi officers visited the state secretariat in howrah, and delivered letters to the chief secretary and home secretary seeking information on the whereabouts of kumar.
hundreds of patients were affected on monday as the strike called by doctors of north delhis hindu rao hospital entered the second day as they demanded better security at work.
services at the state-run hindu rao hospital were affected on monday after 500 doctors and medical interns skipped work, the second time this year, after their colleagues were allegedly attacked by the relatives of a patient, who died on sunday.
junior doctors of hindu rao hospital are on mass leave until they are given proper security.
today, they did not conduct opds and have threatened to stop emergency services during the day, the vice-president of the resident doctors association dr piyush singh said.
the junior doctors association, however, clarified that senior doctors (senior consultants) may work if they want, dr singh said.
the association said that around 70 to 80 relatives of the patient who died at 1am on sunday assaulted the staff.
junior doctor rajesh kumar suffered severe head injuries during the scuffle and an intern was also treated for external injuries and discharged later, it said.
regarding saturday nights incident, when the relatives of a patient vandalised the hospital and thrashed our doctors, only an fir on behalf of two injured doctors has been lodged, dr sanjeev choudhary, rdas general secretary, said.
we want an institutional fir to be filed by the hospital.
besides, we want professional bouncers to be deployed here and a police pcr to be stationed at the hospital permanently, dr choudhary added.
ranjan kumar, who brought his wife to the opd at the hindu rao hospital in the morning, said they have not been attended by any doctor.
we came here at 6am to avoid queues but are yet to be seen by a doctor.
we hear that there is a strike of the doctors and many are sloganeering inside, kumar said.
in may, the resident doctors had protested for nearly a week alleging that they were not paid their salaries for three months.
last month, doctors in west bengal went on a strike for a week after family members of a patient, who died, assaulted their colleagues at the government-run nil ratan sarkar (nrs) medical college and hospital in kolkata.
doctors in other parts of the country also joined the protest in solidarity with the junior doctors at nrs.
the strike was called off after west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee assured them of improved hospital security.
indiaupdated: sep 18, 2019 18:40 istat her first meeting with prime minister narendra modi in two years, west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on wednesday invited pm modi to inaugurate the worlds second largest coal block in west bengal and asked him fast-track approval to the states request to change its name to bangla.
banerjee told reporters that she had requested prime minister modi to launch the deocha pachami coal block in birbhum district, which the state insists, has the potential to generate nearly one lakh jobs.
the coal block is also expected to bring in investments to the tune of rs 12,000 crore.
banerjee has also sought the prime ministers intervention to get approval for the states name change, following up on an effort to move west bengal up the alphabetical order of indias states.
if they (centre) have alternate suggestions to rename the state, we will welcome them.
we want to change state of name to bangla and i have asked pm modi for his suggestions as well, she said.
the state government had suggested paschimbanga in 2011, but it was turned down by the central government.
in 2016, in 2016, the state proposed bengal in english, bangla in bengali and bangal in hindi, which was also turned down.
last year, it took the feedback from the centre on its earlier proposals into account to request the centre to change the states name to bangla.
but this proposal also hasnt had a smooth ride.
there is a view at the centre that it is strikingly similar to bangladesh and it would be difficult to differentiate the two at international forums.
mamata banerjees party has sought to underscore that the chief minister wanted to keep political matters and administrative issues separate.
mamata mamatabanerjee sought to make the same point when she later met reporters.
there was nothing political about the meeting it was a government to government meeting, she said.
the most significant of the trinamool congress four victories in the west bengal civic body elections is the hill municipality of mirik.
the states ruling party won six of the nine wards and chief minister mamatabanerjee devoted special attention to mirik, calling it the beginning of a new era in the hills.
heres why the win is important:1.
trinamool congress became the first party from the plains in 30 years to win in the hills.
its the first victory of a non-ethnic party that is against gorkhaland, the separate state demanded by hill parties.
2.
it will pave the way for the expansion of mamatabanerjee banerjees party before the election of the gorkhaland territorial administration (gta) that is the autonomous body in charge of the north bengal hills.
the polls to the 42-member gta will take place later this year.
3.
it is also an electoral validation for the development programme of mamatabanerjee , who visited the hills dozens of times in the past few years and deployed many heavyweight ministers in mirik.
banerjee also trounces the gorkha janmukti morcha that has bitterly opposed her.
4.
banerjees masterstroke of announcing land patta (land rights) to the inhabitants of mirik municipality contributed to the trinamool victory.
in seven wards out of nine, many house owners dont have land rights.
5.
earlier this year, mamatabanerjee also upgraded mirik from a block to a subdivision, as a result of which residents dont need to travel to the subdivision town (earlier it was kurseong about three hours away) for various administrative work.
indiaupdated: aug 18, 2019 12:59 istwest bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on sunday asserted that people have the right to know what happened to netaji subhas chandra bose, while remembering the son of the soil on the day he reportedly went missing 74 years ago.
she said the whereabouts of netaji after he disappeared on august 18, 1945 were still not known.
on this day, in 1945, netaji went on a flight from taihoku airport in taiwan, only to disappear forever.
we still do not know what happened to him.
people have a right to know about the great son of the soil, mamatabanerjee tweeted.
several reports have claimed that netaji had boarded a plane from taihoku airport in taiwan, which crashed leading to the death of the great leader.
there is, however, no confirmation on his death as experts came up with different theories about his disappearance.
the centre from time to time had constituted panels -- shah nawaz committee in 1956, the khosla commisson in 1970, the mukherjee commisson in 2005 -- to shed light on the mysteries surrounding the death or the disappearance of netaji, but none could render any answer.
on september 1, 2016, the narendra modi government declassified investigative reports of the japanese government which concluded that bose died in a plane crash in taiwan.
many, however, continue to believe that netaji survived the plane crash and lived in hiding.
(this story has been published from a wire agency feed without modifications to the text.
only the headline has been changed.
sahapur village in bengals birbhum district which is about 200 kms from the capital city of kolkata, turned into a battleground with crude bombs raining, before a protest over cut money could take place outside the house of a ruling trinamool congress (tmc) leader.
the protests were planned to demand return of cut-moneya term implying illegal commissions taken from beneficiaries of government welfare projectsfrom tmc area committee president, sheikh enamul.
hurling of bombs didnt stop even after policemen from kolkata arrived, resulting in gun wielding cops giving criminals a chase.
agitations across the state have left the state of west bengal in turmoil since chief minister mamatabanerjee last month asked the tmc leaders, who took cut money to return it.
on june 25, the only instance of a tmc leader returning cut money was reported from birbhum districts koma area, when trilochan mukherjee returned rs 2.
46 lakhs to the villagers.
bjps birbhum district president shyampada mandal blamed wednesdays violence on tmc leaders reluctance to return the illegal commission.
tmc leaders had embezzled a lot of cut money, and now when the people are demanding that they return the amount, they (the leaders) are attacking the people, he said.
tmcs vice president in birbhum district, abhijit singh, however, claimed that bjp leaders were behind the trouble.
bjp leaders are paying miscreants and asking locals to attack the houses and leaders of our party.
at sahapur, bjp supporters and their hired goons hurled bombs and are now blaming us, singh said.
eight people were detained and a large number of crude bombs and explosives were seized in raids after the incident.
three drums full of crude bombs were recovered from simulia village and another four drums were found near a poultry farm in nanoor, both in birbhum district.
the previous night, police had recovered 223 packets of ammonium nitrate (used for making explosives) and eight bags of gelatine sticks from rampurhat area of the district.
west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee has started revamping her trinamool congress party to checkmate the bharatiya janata party (bjp) ahead of the 2019 general elections even as the saffron party mocked her exercise.
as part of the revamp, the tmc chief axed presidents of six block committees and sacked three key ministers in the first week of june following the bjps reasonable performance in last months panchayat polls.
the changes are part of the trinamool congress strategy to retain each of its 34 seats and wrest eight seats that the opposition had won in 2014 lok sabha polls by installing key party functionaries to achieve banerjees ambition of opposition-free bengal in the 2019 general elections.
according to party leaders familiar with the matter, mamatabanerjee replaced ministers, hailing from lok sabha constituencies of sabha alipurduar, jhargram and krishnanagar north, the three seats where the bjps vote share tripled in the rural polls.
alipurduar and jhargram have seen a phenomenon rise of the bjp while the party earlier had pockets of influence in krishnanagar.
we are in the process of identifying weak spots.
mostly issues concerning local leadership generated grievances against our party.
the damage will be repaired under mamatabanerjee banerjees leadership, said partha chatterjee, state education minister and the partys secretary general.
mamata mamatabanerjee has taken the revamp seriously and has made herself the in-charge of tribal affairs to counter the bjps rising influence in tribal areas, especially in purulia and bankura, where the partys performance was better than anticipated.
the tmcs block in-charges in these areas have also been replaced after drubbing in the rural polls, a tmc leader said.
political observers feel trinamool congress can sweep the 2019 polls considering that of the eight seats held by opposition six are in the muslim-majority districts of murshidabad (3 seats), malda (2 seats) and north dinajpur (1 seat) where political equations have changed in favour of bengals ruling party over the past four years.
in the former congress bastion of murshidabad, the grand old party has lost many leaders including four mlas to trinamool.
in malda and north dinajpur where the bjp has risen eating into the bases of both left and congress, an expected split in opposition votes gives trinamool the edge over the others.
trinamool congress is using unprecedented level of money and muscle power to wrest murshidabad and malda from us.
we hope to put up a fight.
lets see, said bengal congress president adhir chowdhury who has been winning from beherampore since 1999.
in the two seats held by the bjp - darjeeling and asansol - represented by union ministers s s ahluwalia and babul supriyo, the tmc has been able to alter the political equation to its advantage.
in darjeeling, the tmc has been able to split gorkha janmukti morcha, which had ensured ahluwalias victory.
in asansol, the tmc has performed better than bjp in all elections since 2014 lok sabha polls with the party winning five of the seven seats in 2016 assembly polls.
the bjp calls trinamools target of an opposition-free bengal a daydream.
our rising popularity is forcing the chief minister to dismiss ministers and swap responsibilities of leaders and officers.
our target in bengal is 22 seats.
in 2019, when we will achieve the target, she will have to replace her entire cabinet, bjp state president dilip ghosh said.
bengal has 42 lok sabha seats.
political analyst and psephologist biswanath chakraborty said: political equations suggest trinamool should win all.
there is only one x-factor.
many people, including hardcore trinamool supporters, could not vote in the rural polls.
if they consider the trouble as local issue and cast their votes looking up to mamatabanerjee , it will be fine for the ruling party.
but if a section uses their votes for revenge, many equations can change.
the hype and hoopla surrounding the guest list for the wedding of rashtriya janata dal (rjd) chief lalu prasads elder son, tej pratap yadav, seemed to have fizzled out by late saturday afternoon, as many political heavyweights gave it a miss.
however, the highlight of the wedding was bihar chief minister nitish kumars warm embrace with lalu prasad after almost nine months after the breakup of the grand alliance in bihar .
nitish spent around 30 minutes at the wedding venue, the veterinary college ground in patna, and posed for photos with tej pratap and his bride aishwariya rai, the daughter of rjd leader chandrika rai.
lok janashakti party chief, ram vilas paswan, another friend turned foe of prasad, also attended the wedding.
among the notable absentees were congress chief rahul gandhi and west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjee.
congress mp digvijay singh and former mp sanjay nirupam arrived by evening.
mamata mamatabanerjee , who has been leading talks with regional parties to try and cobble up a third front to defeat the bjp, sent her urban development minister, firhad hakim aka bobby hakim.
the guest list has been a matter of intense speculation.
however, only two chartered planes had landed in patna by late saturday afternoon.
the first of the two chartered flights to arrive in patna for tej prataps wedding was of industrialist and media baron subhash chandra, who is the chairman of essel group and a rajya sabha mp.
chandra reached the city from mumbai around noon, visited the family, and left in a couple of hours.
former chief minister of uttar pradesh, akhilesh yadav, his wife dimple and their three children, arrived by another chartered flight, only to leave early before the baraat (marriage procession) assembled.
prasads youngest daughter raj lakshmi is married to mainpuri (in uttar pradesh) mp tej pratap singh yadav, who is akhileshs nephew.
this makes akhilesh a family member of lalu prasad.
nationalist congress party leader and former civil aviation minister praful patel was among the guests who arrived and left early by noon.
patel arrived on a goair flight and left with subhash chandra on his chartered plane.
among the central ministers who turned up by 3 pm were union power minister rk singh, beside paswan, the union minister for consumer affairs, food and public distribution.
actor and bjp mp shatrughan sinha also reached patna from mumbai in the afternoon.
of late, sinha has shown growing proximity with prasad.
he had called on prasad at a ranchi hospital on march 24 during the latters incarceration after prasad was convicted in multiple fodder scam cases.
prasad is on parole for his sons wedding.
former lok sabha speaker meira kumar and former jharkhand chief minister and jharkhand mukthi morcha leader hemant soren also arrived in patna late in the afternoon.
as part of his efforts to unite the opposition, andhra pradesh chief minister and telugu desam party leader n chandrababu naidu held a meeting with his west bengal counterpart, mamatabanerjee , at her kolkata residence in kalighat, on forming a non-bharatiya janata party government at the centre in case of a hung verdict.
meanwhile, a day after exit polls offered mixed predictions for the sp-bahujan samaj party alliance in uttar pradesh  suggesting a wide range of between 33 and 68 seats  sp president akhileshyadav called on bsp chief mayawati at her residence in lucknow on monday.
yadav also telephoned mamatabanerjee during the day and discussed the strategy of the mahagathbandhan, news agency press trust of india reported.
naidu had a 45-minute meeting with mamatabanerjee on the future strategies of the mahagathbandhan (grand alliance), during which he discussed the possibilities of forming a non-bjp government, which would include regional parties, with the support of the congress.
neither naidu nor mamatabanerjee spoke to the media after their meeting.
banerjees nephew and trinamool congress mp abhishek mamatabanerjee , who was the partys candidate from diamond harbour, and kolkata mayor firhad hakim, were also present at the meeting.
the leaders reportedly also discussed a common minimum agenda, pti reported.
it was decided at todays meeting that a detailed discussion will be held among other political players of mahagathbandhan in the event of a hung verdict after the poll results are declared on may 23, highly-placed sources told pti.
naidu also briefed mamatabanerjee regarding his meetings with congress president rahul gandhi, united progressive alliance chairperson sonia gandhi, nationalist congress party chief sharad pawar and communist party of india-marxist general secretary sitaram yechury, on sunday.
i met all so that a collective decision is taken.
i will continue my efforts till may 23, naidu said before leaving for kolkata.
in lucknow, yadav and mayawati met at the latters residence, where the leaders made a constituency-wise assessment of their performance.
yadav posted a photograph of the meeting on twitter, stating, now, getting ready for the next step.
we will talk after the results on may 23.
i maintain my stand that the gathbandhan is winning 56 seats in up, he said.
people familiar with the matter in the sp said the two leaders would now make courtesy phone calls to the non-congress leaders like west bengal cm mamatabanerjee or ncp chief sharad pawar.
on saturday, naidu had visited lucknow and met both yadav and mayawati, separately.
he invited them to the may 21 opposition meeting in delhi.
however, according to a senior sp leader who spoke on condition of anonymity, both were non-committal about the meeting.
he said that yadav and mayawati were not keen to participate in any formal opposition meeting before may 23, as they wanted to adopt a wait and watch approach.
a day before the last phase of polling in maharashtra, differences between the congress and its ally nationalist congress party (ncp) came to the fore on sunday.
while ncp chief sharad pawar said administrative experience made west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee , bahujan samajwadi party (bsp) chief mayawati and andhra pradesh chief minister chandrababu naidu better options for the prime ministership, the congress insisted they would get adequate seats to form the government with its president rahul gandhi as prime minister.
pawar, who has been insisting that the bharatiya janata party (bjp)-led national democratic alliance (nda) is unlikely to return to power, told a television channel on saturday that prime minister (pm) narendra modi, too, was a chief minister before becoming pm.
pawar said that experience as chief minister of their respective states could act in the favour of the three leaders he named when discussions arise over who to consider for the top post in the country.
pawar also said gandhi has already clarified that he was not in the race for prime ministership.
follow live updates for 4th phase of voting in lok sabha elections herepawars remarks have not gone down well with the congress in the state.
it is not clear in what context he has reacted, but it could be his personal opinion.
we are sure about getting clear majority in the lok sabha polls and our president rahul gandhi is our choice for the (pm) post, said sachin sawant, congress general secretary and spokesperson.
according to a section of congress leaders, pawar is unlikely to support gandhi for the post, in the same way he had refused to support sonia gandhi when sonia entered politics.
rahul gandhi has never said that he was not in the race, but pawar will not accept him easily.
ahead of 2014, he had said openly that in his opinion, rahul was not mature enough for the post.
it cannot be overlooked that he was actively trying for a grand alliance of smaller parties ahead of elections, another congress leader said.
watch | lok sabha elections 2019: watch out for these big fights in phase 4political analyst hemant desai said the timing behind pawars statement is important.
he has attempted to polarise middle class votes who would not prefer to vote for rahul gandhi or his party.
by his remarks he has sent out a message that there could be another option if the electorate is determined to throw out the modi government.
the statement could even help mayawati and mamatabanerjee in their respective states to gain more votes by projecting them as potential pm candidate, desai said.
pawar was actively involved in forming the grand alliance of opposition parties ahead of the lok sabha elections.
however, parties led by mamatabanerjee , mayawati and naidu have not joined the congress-led united progress alliance (upa), keeping all possibilities open after the elections.
according to political observers, though pawar has said that he is not in the race for prime ministership, he may make last-ditch attempt if there is a hung parliament.
the ncp chiefs statement is also an indication to the three leaders that a broader coalition of opposition parties can be formed after the election, observers said.
even naidu has clarified that he was not in race, but if the situation permits after the results, he will throw his hat into the ring, a congress leader said.
crude bombs rained down in some areas of bengal that voted on sunday, even as vehicles were smashed, stones pelted at security personnel and pitched political battles fought on the streets of the state capital.
the turnout for the nine seats stood at 73.
51 , according to the voter turnout app of the election commission of india.
the final phase of the lok sabha elections in the battleground state, which sends 42 members to the lok sabha, resembled the earlier six phases that were marked by violence and political clashes.
despite the ec deploying 710 companies of personnel, reports of violence poured in from all nine parliamentary and four assembly constituencies that went to polls.
in kakinara hamlet in bhatpara assembly constituency, trinamool congress and the bharatiya janata party workers clashed with crude bombs and bricks.
three police vehicles were ransacked and one was overturned .
a few shops in a market were set ablaze, prompting central forces to baton-charge miscreants.
the bhatpara seat is a prestige fight because incumbent and four-time mla, arjun singh, switched from the tmc to the bjp.
deputy election commissioner sudeep jain telephoned special central police observer vivek dube, special observer ajay nayak and chief electoral officer aariz aftab and asked them to control all violence.
tmc candidate from barasat, kakali ghosh dastidar alleged that central forces personnel tore banners of her party while chanting jai shri ram slogans.
bjp workers along with central forces were carrying out atrocities, which i have never seen earlier, said chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjee.
bjp candidate from diamond harbour, nilanjan roy, alleged his car was vandalised.
another car, belonging to a local bjp leader, was vandalised in kolkata.
vote was rigged in all 51 booths here.
state police and mizoram police were mute spectators, alleged anupam hazra, bjp candidate from jadavpur.
two drums of crude bombs were found in new town area, in barasat.
crude bombs were hurled in deganga, raidighi and kolkata.
a quick response team came under attack in haroa in basirhat.
glitches in electronic voting machines were reported from a number of areas including dumdum, tollygunge, rajarhat, chetla, golpark, and kestopur, among others.
the government said on friday it has reiterated the position taken by the erstwhile upa government in 2006 that netaji subhas chandra bose was killed in a plane crash but will re-examine the case if new facts come up.
the controversy startedfollowing an rti reply by the union home ministry that said the the government has come to conclusion that netaji died in the plane crash on august 18, 1945.
the ministry referred to the findings of the shah nawaz committee, the justice gd khosla commission and the justice mukherjee commission of enquiry on the subject.
on friday, the union home ministrys spokesperson said the reply was given on the position taken by the government in 2006 following the submission of report by the mukherjee commission on netajis death.
the rti reply was based on that conclusion.
the issue is not closed.
any new fact, if it comes up, will be examined by the government on merit and an appropriate decision will be taken, the spokesperson said.
the government is now sending a supplementary reply to the rti applicant clarifying the new position.
the governments reply has triggered a shrap political reaction, especially in west bengal.
west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee demanded a clarification from prime minister narendra modi.
i am shocked to see this unilateral decision of the central government without evidence, she said.
the bengal unit of the bjp has announced on facebook that they dont support the rti response that asserted that bose, who was born in 1897, died in the air crash.
with the presidential elections just round the corner, the telangana rashtra samithi (trs) on thursday said it will support the candidate of the ruling bharatiya janata party (bjp) if it is in favour of the state.
however, the party warned that they will turn against the union government if they dont work for telanganas welfare.
if it is good for the centre and also good for our state (telangana) then we will definitely support the government, trs mp jithender reddy told ani.
president pranab mukherjees term is set to end this july.
the oppositions efforts to pitch for a joint candidate for the presidential elections are set to gain ground, with congress president sonia gandhi expected to meet bahujan samaj party (bsp) supremo mayawati, trinamool congress chief mamatabanerjee and dravida munnetra kazhagams (dmk) working president mk stalin.
sonia gandhi, who has been out of the political scene for quite some time now, has been holding meetings with various political leaders and according to sources, she met national conference leader omar abdullah on wednesday.
congress vice-president rahul gandhi also spoke to samajwadi party leader akhilesh yadav, while sonia spoke to mulayam singh yadav and rastriya janata dal (rjd) chief lalu yadav.
last week, ncp chief sharad pawar and sonia had held a discussion for putting up a joint opposition candidate.
so far, sonia has held meetings with bihar chief minister nitish kumar, communist party of india-marxist general secretary sitaram yechury and cpis d raja on the same issue.
as the election is near, the idea of a united opposition will face a litmus test in the election which needs to be held before july 25, the day when president mukherjees term expires.
four cooperatives formed by workers of closed tea gardens in bengal as a desperate measure in the absence of bidders have hit a roadblock of policy fix of the mamatabanerjee government that cannot decide whether to lease out the land of the gardens to these cooperatives.
the lease is crucial to the operation of these gardens as it is used as collateral to raise funds.
never earlier did workers form so many cooperatives in the tea sector that has been passing through difficult times for the past few decades.
the state government, however, appears to be indecisive over allowing this model.
read: wages due, darjeeling fears unrest in tea gardensworkers of four gardens dharanipur, surendranagar, redbank and bundapani gardens are waiting for land lease.
the land of all four gardens are in possession of the state government since 2014.
a meeting of the cooperative of bundapani tes estate.
(ht photo)presently, 16 tea gardens are closed in north bengal.
more than 100 tea garden workers of closed tea gardens in north bengal died between 2013 and 2015 allegedly from malnutrition-related reasons.
more than 3,500 workers are involved in the four cooperatives.
forming the cooperative society was a desperate bid by the workers to save the garden, as the owners had fled, abandoning the garden, and workers dues worth about rs 6 crore pending.
the government, however, is not responding to our applications for lease of land, said sanu kherwal, a worker and the chairman of the board of directors of dooars plantation workers service cooperative credit society ltd that is running the dharanipur garden.
in the absence of a policy, the cooperative at dharanipur garden is actually functioning in an illegal way with the administration conniving at it.
read: assam polls: plight of tea garden workers continues despite promisesthe cooperative society has no legal right on the land and the garden but the government, acknowledging that the garden is functioning, has stopped paying its workers the monthly allowance of rs 1,500 under the fawloi (financial assistance to the workers in locked-out industrial units) since the second half of 2016.
a section of the workers of bundapani tea estate that closed in 2013.
about half of the 1,100 workers have migrated, while the rest are waiting for the cooperative to start functioning.
(ht photo)indias first workers cooperative in the tea sector was formed at sonali tea garden in north bengals jalpaiguri district in 1974 but the initiative, despite initial success in increasing yield and making profits, faced roadblocks in 1979 following a litigation over land ownership and the left front governments alleged apathy towards the initiative.
workers at dharanipur garden said that their application for lease of land is pending for more than two years.
they first applied for lease before the land department on march 9, 2015 and sent a reminder on may 26 the same year.
we are preparing to send the department another reminder, kherwal said.
read: demonetisation leaves lakhs of tea, jute workers in bengal, northeast unpaidwhile the societies at surendranagar and redbank gardens have not yet submitted application for lease of land, the newly formed society at bundapani garden has submitted an application in early may.
according to sources in jalpaiguri district administration, the application has been sent to the state land and land reforms department, headed by chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjee.
dharanipur gardens application is lying before the same department.
as many as 16 gardens are closed in north bengal leaving thousands of workers in great distress.
(ht photo)without the land in our possession, we cannot apply for loan, start plantation or do proper marketing.
we have so far managed to keep the garden running for more than a year and workers have not missed out on a single days wage.
the initiative, however, may suffer without getting the rights for plantation and administering, silu mandi, worker and member of the board of directors at dharanipur, told ht.
the society is meeting its expenses through money collected against the promise of paying with tea produces.
read: darjeeling paralysed by multiple strikesthe hesitation of the state government in allowing the cooperative model in the tea industry was evident from contradictory statements made by crucial personalities in the ruling party and the government.
sourav chakraborty, trinamool congress mla and the chairman of jalpaiguri district central cooperative bank, announced in september 2016 that the state government has approved the plan of running dharanipur, surendranagar and redbank gardens through workers cooperatives.
he had also said that the bank has decided to provide the societies with loans on the condition that societies governing body will compromise representatives from the bank and the district administration.
his plan did not materialise as the government did not grant lease of land.
there are some legal problems.
the central tea act of 1953 bars granting lease of land to cooperative societies.
without land in their possession, the societies cannot avail bank loans, chakraborty told ht.
however, there is no such provision in the tea act prohibiting lease of land to cooperative societies.
rather, it is the state land departments jurisdiction.
west bengal government land (regulation of transfer) act, 1993, clearly mentions that lessee includes an individual, a family, a firm, a company, or an association or body of individuals, whether incorporated or not.
therefore, there should be no legal hurdle, said social activist rupam deb, who is associated with the initiative at bandapani.
while state minister of cooperation arup roy too had no idea about the status of dharanipur and bundapani gardens applications, agriculture minister purnendu basu  who is also a member of the states group of ministers on tea  said that the government was not enthusiastic about the cooperative model.
bengals experience in running industries through the cooperative model has not been good.
the government is concerned about the long-term future of the gardens and the workers.
the government will sincerely evaluate the viability of proposals made by cooperative societies but does not plan to proactively push the model, basu said, adding that the governments priority for closed gardens is to find new owners.
workers at bundapani tea estate, however, do not want to pursue to semi-legal course.
in august last year, they paid a visit to tripuras durgabari tea garden, which is being run by workerscooperative since the 1980s.
we have learnt thorough lessons during our visit to durgabari and have drawn detailed plans about running the garden professionally.
we will wait for the lease of land so that we can operate properly, said ashok toppo, vice-chairman of the society.
keen to forge deeper ties with non-bjp parties on a national platform, west bengal chief minister, mamatabanerjee may attend a couple of rallies of samajwadi party- congress in uttar pradesh, where both rahul gandhi and akhilesh yadav will be present.
she is also ready to attend a couple of congress rallies in punjab, where gandhi will be present, where she would directly appeal to vote for congress against the bjp- shiromani akali dal alliance, a senior member of the west bengal cabinet told ht.
incidentally, soon after sp- congress alliance was officially announced on january 22, mamatabanerjee , in a twitter message, hailed the alliance decision and promised full support to the alliance.
full support from trinamool congress to the good alliance for up between congress and samajwadi party.
the chief minister twitted.
it is almost final that trinamool will not field any candidate this time either in up or punjab as the chief minister wants to give a message that she is against division of anti- bjp votes.
but she is keen to be part of a couple of mega rallies in both these states to highlight trinamools relentless movement against the anti- people policies of the bjp- lead union government, especially demonetisation, the minister said.
the schism between mamatabanerjee and narendra modi has never been so wide as it is now.
(ht photo)according to preliminary decision, trinamools national spokesman and raja sabha member, derek obrien will be accompanying the chief minister in rallies both in up and punjab.
in addition, party look sabha member, sultan ahmed and the state urban development and municipal affairs minister, firhad (bobby) hakim, both fluent in hindi and urdu, might accompany the chief minister in the up rallies, the member of the state cabinet said.
in the rallies in punjab, her most likely companion will be trinamool legislator from tarakeshwar in hooghly district and former indian police service (ips) officer, rachpal singh, the only sikh representative in west bengal assembly now.
meanwhile, political analysts said that the chief ministers move to attend rallies in favour of anti- bjp forces in up and punjab is an indicator of her desperation to get congress by her side.
incidentally, congress stood by bengals ruling party after the two mps tapas paul and sudip bandyopadhyay were arrested in connection with the rose valley.
if the investigation of narada sting operation case in which a dozen ruling party ministers, mps and mlas are seen accepting cash, is also handed over to the cbi enquiry, trinamool congress will need political parties such as congress by her side, a city- based political analyst said.
the saffron camp took ram navami- hanuman jayanti celebrations to the heart of kolkata, where hundreds took part in a rally on tuesday.
leaders of vishwa hindu parishad (vhp) expressed confidence in modi-yogi combine for construction of ram temple in ayodhya.
vhp national leaders stressed that a law should be passed in the parliament for the construction of the temple.
they also targeted mamatabanerjee and trinamool congress government for undermining the aspirations of hindus in bengal.
ram navami-hanuman jayanti is being celebrated like never before in bengal, as part of a push by saffron camp in bengal.
chief minister mamatabanerjee has already targeted bjp over the issue and police have lodged firs against organisers for brandishing swords in the rallies.
we have full faith in the leadership of prime minister narendra modi and uttar pradesh cm yogi adityanath.
their commitment towards construction of ram mandir in ayodhya is no less than our commitment and dedication.
we have full faith in the government and we feel that the only way left is to pass a legislation soon to build ram mandir in ayodhya, said surendra jain international joint general secretary of vhp.
read: in west bengal, ram navami gets going on raths, provided by muslimsjain held a press conference at kolkata press club followed by the rally which was hailed as dharma sabha at rani rashmoni road at the heart of the city.
hundreds of vhp followers and bajrang dal activists with lathis and saffron flags marched at esplanade chanting jai shree ram.
vishwa hindu parishad supporters organised a rally in celebration of ram mahotsav and hanuman jayanti and demanding construction of ram temple at ayodhya in kolkata.
(samir jana/ht photo)vhp leaders ruled out out of the court settlement of the issues stating that muslim bodies are not interested in discussions.
when it is the question of triple talaq, muslim bodies wants the court to be out of it.
when it is a question of ram mandir they are unwilling to discuss and wants court to take a decision, said jain.
there are several instances when bills have been passed in parliament through joint session of both the houses.
in ram mandir case also bill can be passed through joint session of parliament.
next year people of bengal will visit ayodhya to celebrate ram navami, said jain when asked about ndas lack of majority in rajya sabha.
vhp leaders condemned bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee alleging that she is siding up with fundamentalist forces and ignoring hindu sentiments in the state.
international joint general secretary of vishwa hindu parishad, surendra jain (left) with hindu leaders at a rally in celebration of ram mahotsav and hanuman jayanti in kolkata.
(samir jana/ht photo)saffron revolution has started in bengal through ram navami processions.
have you ever seen lord ram without weapons.
on one hand government lodges fir against worshippers of lord ram, but turns a blind eye when weapons are brandished in muharram, said jain.
vhp leaders warned that if the ruling party does not change its stance, it may soon be driven out of power in the state.
read: sangh parivar organise unprecedented ram navami celebration across bengaleveryone was silent when police station was attacked in kaliachowk, malda by fundamentalists and criminals.
however, when ram navami rallies take place with weapons it is has become an issue.
the real issue is that lakhs of people have hit the streets which is a clear message that hindus are consolidating, said jishnu basu, rss secretary (south bengal, during the public meeting.
religious leaders and leaders from various hindu organizations participated in the rally.
the bharatiya janata party (bjp) made big inroads into west bengals western and northern parts, two relatively under-developed areas of the state.
incidentally, these parts have been the focus areas of chief minister mamatabanerjee ever since she took charge in 2011, and launched several projects aimed at developing infrastructure in these areas.
of the 18 lok sabha seats where the bjp was ahead or had already registered victories, as many as 13 were in the west and the north.
the bjps clean sweep of north bengal and the western region  despite the areas being in the focus of chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjees schemes for development  shows her populist schemes failed to negate the anti-incumbency created by tmcs [ruling trinamool congresss] factionalism and corruption, and the highhandedness of local leaders, said political analyst sabyasachi basu ray chowdhury, a professor of political science at kolkatas rabindra bharati university.
the western region  an extension of the chota nagpur plateau  was known as bengals maoist belt during 1998-2011.
it turned into a bastion of the tmc after the ruling party managed to end the ultra-left insurgency.
the bjps leads in north bengal include both seats in muslim-majority malda district (malda uttar and malda dakshin) and the raiganj seat in muslim-majority north dinajpur district.
the bjp successfully managed to polarise the hindus, said political analyst amal mukhopadhyay, a former principal of presidency college.
in north bengals tea garden belt  spread over the constituencies of alipurduars, darjeeling and jalpaiguri  people backed the bjp.
political analysts said growing grievances over the state governments alleged inaction in helping the ailing gardens have cost the states ruling party.
turncoats in fraywhile the bjps campaign strategy clearly struck a chord in bengal, its decision to field candidates who defected to the party in the run-up to the elections yielded mixed results.
three of eight such candidates were on course for victory on thursday, while another was locked in a close contest with the ruling trinamool congress (tmc) nominee.
nisith pramanik, a former secretary of the tmcs youth wing in cooch behar district, appeared set for a victory against ruling party candidate paresh chandra adhikary in the cooch behar constituency.
in barrackpore, arjun singh, who switched over from the tmc in mid-march and is seen as a bahubali (strongman), was ahead in a nail-biter against sitting parliamentarian from the seat, dinesh trivedi.
singh also managed to snatch victory for his son pawan, who contested against the tmcs candidate, madan mitra, in the bhatpara assembly bypoll that was held simultaneously with the lok sabha elections.
saumitra khan, who won bishnupur in bankura district on a tmc ticket in 2014 and joined the bjp on march 12, wasnt allowed to enter the constituency by the kolkata high court because he faced a criminal case in the district.
he too was ahead in the race.
a former leader of the communist party of india (marxist), or cpi (m), khagen murmu, made the best of the bjp surge in the malda north seat.
the three-time mla from the regions habibpur assembly seat, too, joined the bjp on march 12.
mukul roy, who left tmc and now decides bjps election strategy, will surely enjoy more importance.
.
.
however, the turncoats benefited from discontent among tmc supporters over infighting, partisan leadership and violence in the panchayat polls, said political commentator suvashis maitra.
bharatiya janata partys bengal unit chief dilip ghosh on sunday threatened to assault members of states ruling trinamool congress, a day after saying that opponents of hindutva will be relegated to history.
ghosh is a senior pracharak of the rashtriya swayamsevak sangh, the bjps ideological parent, and has in recent weeks made controversial remarks, especially on religion.
bharat mata ki jai and jai sri ram will be chanted all over the country  from gujarat to guwahati and from kashmir to kanyakumari.
dare not oppose it, for the consequence will be dire.
they will be relegated to history, ghosh said at basirhat in north 24 parganas district on saturday.
on sunday, he threatened to beat up trinamool congress if they harassed bjp workers.
you are showing your power here.
you are resorting to extortion.
bjp is there throughout the country.
it has 11 crore members.
taking aim at chief minister mamatabanerjee , ghosh said: let the chief minister try stopping dilip ghosh.
bjp will create havoc.
trinamool congress, however, downplayed ghoshs threats.
all their instigating speeches reflect their frustrations.
let him shout.
they will be relegated to history, state education minister and trinamool congress secretary general partha chatterjee said.
he is talking about 11 crore bjp members, but there are another 110 crore population in the country who will not allow bjp to fulfil its dream, chatterjee said.
since he took charge as the bjps state chief in 2015, ghosh has threatened to attack anti-national professors and mounted in april a strident campaign to celebrate ram navami in bengal, which has traditionally not celebrated the festival at a large scale.
he had at the time said that the fight to hold the celebrations was a fight between ramzada (one born of ram) and haramzada (an illegitimate- born).
the calcutta high court said on friday it will not interfere in the schedule of the panchayat elections in west bengal and pulled up the state election commission for not conducting itself in a manner that showed neutrality, reports said.
according to reports, the court said that the poll body floundered in upholding its constitutional obligations.
the election to the states local administrative bodies is scheduled to be held on may 14.
the poll body had earlier said the elections will be held on three days on may 1, 3 and 5.
the new date triggered allegations from opposition parties that the single-phase voting decision was taken to oblige the ruling trinamool congress.
read: bengal panchayat polls: thanks to tmc, the process has turned into a travestysec reduced the number of phases for the panchayat polls in the state from three to one without providing necessary clarification which raised eyebrows, the high court was quoted as saying by news agency pti.
it is expected that the commission will redeem itself by treating the courts observations as a wake-up call, the court said according to pti.
the polling process was earlier stalled after the opposition parties in the state petitioned both the supreme court and high court alleging widespread violence and strong-arm tactics by the ruling party throughout the nomination process between april 2 and 9 and on april 23.
all the opposition parties alleged that the ruling partys supporters were using every weapon of intimidation, from phone calls to crude bombs and firearms, to prevent their candidates from filing nomination, which began on april 2.
the nomination process was supposed to continue till march 9, according to the commissions notification on march 31.
on april 5, the bharatiya janata party (bjp) moved the supreme court seeking an extension of the nomination process and the deployment of central forces to ensure a free and fair election.
the top court refused to step in on april 9 and said the sec should address its grievances.
on april 9 around 9pm, the poll panel extended the nomination process by a day to april 10.
but within 12 hours of the announcement, even as opposition candidates started to file their nomination papers, the poll body withdrew its notification, saying its statement the earlier night was incorrect.
it also said that a letter from the state government and the trinamool advocate and lok sabha mp kalyan mamatabanerjee pointed out legal infirmities in the earlier notification.
the opposition parties rushed to court, with the bjp filing petitions both in the calcutta high court as well as the supreme court seeking quashing of the poll panels latest order.
the top court said the matter will be heard in the high court and the single bench of justice subrata talukdar heard the matter between april 17 and 19 and on ordered april 20 that there will be an additional day for filing of nomination.
on april 21, the poll body fixed april 23 as the last day for filing nominations, which was also marked by allegations of widespread violence by trinamool supporters.
it issued a notification on april 28 that the polling will be held on may 14.
four opposition parties  the bjp, the cpi(m), the congress and party for democratic socialism  moved the high court again, alleging the poll panel succumbed to the ruling partys diktat.
they also alleged that though there were more than 58,400 booths in the state, the police force had only 46,000 armed personnel and 12,000 policemen without firearms.
the situation, opposition leaders alleged, would allow a free run for the ruling party-backed goons in a rerun of the violence during the nomination process that elbowed out a record number of opposition candidates from the contest.
on may 1, justice talukdar observed that the decision of the poll panel to hold the elections on may 14 was not necessarily the final decision and a division bench will review it in the light of security adequacy.
the judge also pulled up the sec for poor homework before the announcement of the date of polling.
west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee has declined an invitation to join prime minister narendra modis meeting with chiefs of political party to discuss four topics including simultaneous lok sabha and assembly elections.
in a letter to the centre, the trinamool congress chief didnt spell out her stand on simultaneous elections but insisted that the government appeared to be rushing to hold the meeting on such a serious and sensitive topic without holding discussions with constitutional experts, election experts and party members.
she asked the centre to first come out with white paper on one nation, one election.
instead of doing the matter hurriedly, i would request you to kindly circulate a white paper on the subject to all political parties inviting their views by providing adequate time.
if you only do so, we will be able to give concrete suggestions on this important subject, mamatabanerjee wrote to union parliamentary affairs minister pralhad joshi.
also read: fruitless to attend: mamatabanerjee banerjees rsvp for pm modis niti aayog meeton friday, joshi had sent out invites to heads of all parties who have a lawmaker in lok sabha or rajya sabha for a meeting on tuesday.
the other three topics that joshi proposed for discussion include the push to develop a selected group of districts to be known as aspirational districts, celebration of the 75 years of independence in 2022 and 150 years of mahatma gandhis birth anniversary this year and improve parliaments productivity.
the bjp had breached mamatabanerjee banerjees citadel in the just-concluded national elections, ending up with 19 seats in a state where it had just two in 2014.
the bjp has vowed to capture power in bengal when the state votes for a new assembly in 2021 and has already emerged as mamatabanerjee banerjees sharpest and loudest critic.
banerjee also struck a discordant note on the concept of giving development projects in selected districts a hard push.
this, she said, would not conform to the overall objectives of achieving balanced and uniform development of all the districts of the state.
chief minister mamatabanerjee wrapped up her last lok sabha campaign address in diamond harbour last thursday by reciting select lines of the chandi, the 700-verse devi mahamaya text in sanskrit, which describes the goddess as the supreme power and creator, along with some from the shahada, islams most sacred declaration.
the constituency, where banerjees nephew abhisekh is contesting again, has both hindu and muslim voters in large numbers.
during her 69-day election campaign, the trinamool congress (tmc) chief outdid bharatiya janata party (bjp) president amit shah, prime minister narendra modi and congress president rahul gandhi by addressing more than 100 rallies across bengal.
but irrespective of the composition of the electorate and at every rally, mamatabanerjee made it a point to recite a few lines from the chandi, that are chanted during prayers to deities durga, jagatdhatri, basanti and annapurna.
banerjee also invoked the shahada by uttering iaa ilaahah illa allaah muhammadur rasool ullaah.
(none has the right to be worshipped except allah and prophet mohammed is the only messenger of allah).
and in a bid to reach out to christians, mamatabanerjee never failed to add god is great, god is good, to her campaign speeches too.
however, politicians and observers said that blending religion with electoral politics in this manner is unprecedented in bengal and exposes the polarisation that may have emerged as the principal influencer on voters in many districts.
political commentator and columnist suvashis maitra said, since independence, no mainstream politician in bengal chanted religious scripts so extensively.
banerjee did it because her opponents projected her as an appeaser of muslims.
she must have sensed that hindu voters, who comprise the bigger chunk of the vote bank, may turn their back on her.
i dont think her counter-strategy will work.
voters made up their mind long ago.
casting votes was only a formality, maitra said.
defending mamatabanerjee , senior tmc leader and minister jyoti priya mallick said, by chanting from religious scriptures she has established her secular credentials.
people have faith in her because of this.
though they have suffered electorally ever since the bjp started rising in bengal, the communist party of india (marxist) leaders allege that mamatabanerjee is following the bjps path.
after coming to power, mamatabanerjee introduced stipends for imams.
later, she started inviting hindu priests to her meetings.
there was never any religious divide in our society, not even during the bangladesh war, solely because of bengals social reformers, poets and intellectuals from the 19th century, outgoing mp from raigunj and cpi (m) politburo member md salim, said.
no matter how many times she chants from the chandi or names allah, nothing can help her.
banerjee has been exposed, said rahul sinha, bjps national secretary who is contesting the crucial kolkata north seat that goes to polls on sunday.
she is bengals biggest anti-hindu leader.
since 2011, there have been riots, deaths and infiltration from bangladesh.
the damage she has done in seven years cannot be rectified in decades, said rashtriya swayamsevak sangh (rss) south bengal secretary, jishnu basu.
no religion divides people.
by reciting the shahada, she is talking of one god, said pirzada jiauddin siddiqui of hooghlys furfura sharif mazar which muslims consider to be one of the holiest shrines in bengal.
banerjee may pronounce a few sanskrit words incorrectly but even non-brahmins are allowed to recite certain portions of the chandi, said priest and sanskrit scholar amitabha chakraborty.
congress mp adhir ranjan chowdhury, a feisty leader from west bengal, came in for a bit of praise from prime minister narendra modi who called him a fighter after the all-party meeting here on sunday ahead of the start of the 17th lok sabha.
chowdhury, who is a strong detractor of west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee , was called by the prime minister at the end of the meeting which he had attended as one of the congress representatives.
modi, who was to leave the conference room, called choudhury and patted him on his back telling others, including congress leaders ghulam nabi azad and anand sharma, that he is a fighter.
reacting to modis remark, chowdhury told ani, i greeted the prime minister.
he then patted me on the back and said before everyone that adhir is a fighter.
i felt happy.
i dont have any personal enmity with anyone.
we are peoples representatives and they (bjp) are also peoples representatives.
we will raise our voices, they will also do.
we are going to speak in parliament, not fight in a war.
chowdhury, who has been representing berhampore in west bengal since 1999, retained the seat in this years lok sabha elections.
he had defeated tmcs apurba sarkar by over 80,000 votes.
amid a tug of war between tmc and bjp, which made deep inroads into the state, chowdhury is the lone congress mp from west bengal, which saw a spurt in political violence during the general elections.
although polls have ended, violence still continues to take place in the state, with both sides trading blame on each other.
former kolkata police commissioner rajeev kumar approached the supreme court on monday seeking an extension of the seven-day period that the apex court had granted him to approach a competent court after his protection from arrest was vacated.
kumar has cited strike of lawyers in west bengal as the reason behind seeking an extension of the time period.
the supreme court had last week vacated the interim protection from arrest to rajeev kumar in the saradha chit fund scam case but granted him seven days time to approach a competent court to seek legal remedies.
read: proof in hand, cbi hints at mamatabanerjee confidant rajeev kumars arrest after 6 daysa bench comprising chief justice ranjan gogoi and justices deepak gupta and sanjiv khanna had said that the order should not be treated as a direction to the central bureau of investigation (cbi) for custodial interrogation and asked the investigating agency to act as per law.
the cbi, in its plea, had sought permission for custodial interrogation of kumar, who earlier headed the west bengal police special investigation team (sit) probing the chit fund scam, over his alleged role in destroying evidence in the case.
it had said that there was prima facie evidence against him of allegedly trying to destroy or tamper with evidence and shield high and mighty in the case.
the agency had pleaded for withdrawal of the february 5 stay order.
read: ex-kolkata top cop reports to mha after ec relieves him from dutythe cbi had also argued that kumars custodial interrogation was required to probe the larger conspiracy to unravel the nexus between directors of saradha group and politicians besides his and other police officials role in causing disappearance and destruction of evidence.
it had said that kumar, who earlier appeared before cbi officials for questioning in shillong as per the supreme courts order, remained elusive and evaded all pertinent questions and also did not assist the agency in making available crucial evidence in the chit fund cases.
the cbi had claimed kumar has not disclosed any crucial information he was privy to.
an unprecedented chain of events unfolded on february 3 when a cbi team was detained by kolkata police when it reached kumars residence to question him.
it was followed by west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjees visit to the officers home.
the cbi officers were taken to a police station and later released.
bjp president amit shah kicked off the partys booth chalo programme, an exercise to strengthen the party organisation at the grassroots level in bengal at the cradle of left wing extremism in india, naxalbari, in a symbolic manner with lunch at the hut of a scheduled tribe couple.
the meal, served on plantain leaves, was a frugal one consisting of daal, vegetables, rice, and roti.
with bjps bengal president dilip ghosh to his right, shah sat cross-legged on the floor of the hut with tin roofs and walls in south kotiajot village in naxalbari block and ate his meal.
shah was seen chatting with gita mahali who cooked the meal.
her husband is a labourer.
the woman seemed overawed by the situation.
the bjp has started showing interest in naxalbari where left wing extremism was born 50 years ago with the killing of a police officer and 11 villagers falling to retaliatory police firing the next day.
hatighisha, the village of legendary naxalite leader kanu sanyal was adopted by bjp mp s s ahluwalia as a model village after he was elected to the lok sabha in 2014.
while campaigning for the lok sabha polls, narendra modi had said in north bengal that the bjp would change the face of naxalbari and alleged that the mamatabanerjee government had done little for it.
bjp will get the maximum number of seats in 2019 (lok sabha) polls.
the history of violence started from this naxalbari.
this is where the prime ministers slogan saab ka saath, saab kaa vikash will be given shape, said shah after a meeting with the party workers.
he also said that bjp workers will visit every home in every village of bengal.
bjp workers are being attacked in bengal.
the more they are attacked, the more bjp will rise in the state, said shah.
after he landed in siliguri on tuesday morning, the bjp president changed his plans and decided to go to mahalis house and have his meal instead of holding a meeting with party workers.
as far as symbolisms go, the party chose this particular house, scrapping the original venue which was the house of the lone bjp panchayat member of the area.
after lunch, shah met booth level workers of the party.
he was accompanied by bjp leaders such as national secretary rahul sinha and bengal observer kailash vijayvargiya.
the booth chalo drive is an exercise designed to focus on strengthening the party organisation at the grassroots level.
when shah was touring naxalbari, mamatabanerjee was attending a public meeting organised by the kamtapur progressive party at rashmela grounds in cooch behar district about 200 kms away.
in 2014 lok sabha polls kpp supported bjp, but in 2016 assembly elections it threw its weight behind tmc after its leaders assured the kpp to recognise rajbonshi language.
on wednesday, shah will visit a few households in bhawanipore, the constituency of bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee , where he will hold a similar exercise.
on thursday, shah will meet party leaders and intellectuals and prominent citizens in kolkatas mahajati sadan on april 27.
in the 1,200-capacity auditorium, there will be 800 party leaders and workers from the five organisational districts into which they divide kolkata.
intellectuals and prominent citizens will be invited to fill up the remaining 400 seats.
bengal is now a focus state for the bjp with shah going on record recently in bhubaneswar that the partys golden age depends on whether it can win bengal, odisha and kerala.
in bengal, the party has traditionally been a marginal player with three mlas in an assembly of 294 in its best show.
the bjp wants to make a dent in the 2018 rural polls in bengal, which it also wants to use to fine tune its bid in the lok sabha polls in 2019.
after the renewed vigour post up polls, the saffron camp have organised ram navami celebrations in an unprecedented scale in the state.
on april 9 in the assembly by-poll in kanthi dakshin, one of the bastions of trinamool congress, bjp raised its vote share from 9  in 2006 to 31 , further boosting the morale of its workers.
the office of the sub- assistant engineer of the state public works department (pwd) at lebong cart road and panchayat officers chamber in bijanbari village near darjeeling were set on fire by gorkha janmukti morcha (gjm) activists on monday during an indefinite strike called by the regional party for a separate gorkhaland.
the centre should now intervene and take some concrete steps in the direction of formation of separate state of gorkhaland, gjm general secretary roshan giri said on monday.
giri emphasised that if there was substantial attendance in the government offices in the hills, it was only because they issued only an appeal to the employees and did not want to flex muscle.
the gjm has called for an indefinite bandh in all the government offices and banks from monday in the gorkhaland territorial administration (gta) in addition to organising weekly meetings and torch light rallies to press for the creation of aseparate state.
in late evening, the police arrested satish pokhrel, the elected gta member of relling-kaijalay constituency.
the arrest could be in connection to the torching of bijanbari block office on sunday night.
the total number of arrests has now reached three.
massive raids are being conducted in the hills.
paramilitary forces are deployed on the streets of darjeeling.
(bikram sashanker/ ht photo)gjm leaders claimed that the bandh was successful.
however, joyoshi dasgupta, the district magistrate of darjeeling, said, the attendance in government offices was more than 93 .
dr vishwanath, the district magistrate of kalimpong, said, the attendance in the district was more than 90 .
the day passed off peacefully on the whole despite tension prevailing throughout the day and barring two incidents of suspected gjm workers setting fire to a block development office in bijanbari and a pwd office in darjeeling.
they also vandalised the office of a state-run power utility in sonada near darjeeling.
there was no report of any untoward incident in kalimpong district, said dr vishwanath.
in south bengal, chief minister mamatabanerjee scoffed at gjm agitators.
i was threatened that i wont be allowed to visit the hills.
but i did not care.
i went there, held meetings, restored peace and came back.
those who are trying to create problems in the hills might hurl a couple of bombs, and then flee, she remarked in a public programme in bhangar in south bengal.
if we wanted, we could have marshaled thousands of people and blocked the offices.
but we only appealed to the employees, said giri in darjeeling.
if bengal pcc president adhir chowdhury wants to join the bjp, we will accept him gladly, bjp state president and kharagpur mla dilip ghosh said on wednesday.
the statement -- an apparent move by the bjp to ridicule the congress -- came a day after chowdhury said that his party would have no tie-up with trinamool congress in west bengal, as long as he remained the state president.
chowdhury was speaking in reference to chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjees meeting with congress president sonia gandhi in delhi on tuesday over election of the next president.
i do not accept a situation where trinamool supporters will assault congress workers in bengal and forge alliance with us in delhi.
as long as i am the state president there will be no understanding with trinamool congress in the bengal, chowdhury told the media.
chowdhury even urged the congress president to keep the condition of congress workers in bengal in mind before holding any political dialogue with trinamool congress .
i urge the congress high command to keep the political situation in bengal in mind before discussing anything with trinamool congress, he said.
last week, he had even wrote to sonia gandhi, informing her about attacks on congress workers.
on wednesday, dilip ghosh did not miss the opportunity.
he (adhir) is a leader of a big stature.
he is an experienced politician and not a state-level leader.
i have not talked to him but i have talked to several congress leaders and they said that they are willing to join us, ghosh said in kharagpur.
we believe in having a broad mind and door of our party is big and always open.
we dont have too many rooms in our office so that one can be provided to him.
but if adhir chowdhury wants to join the bjp we will accept him gladly, said ghosh.
ghosh came to kharagpur on wednesday to meet railway officials and discuss some projects.
following a complaint lodged by a congress mla of molestation inside the state assembly during the ruckus on february 8, opposition parties protested and walked out on monday.
on february 8, pandemonium broke out when the west bengal maintenance of public order (amendment) bill 2017 was tabled.
marshals tried to remove the leader of the opposition abdul mannan, who allegedly was roughed up.
during the commotion a female congress mla complained of molestation.
another left front mla was also allegedly molested during the scuffle.
according to the complaint (a copy of which is with ht) lodged with hare street police station on february 9, the victim alleged .
.
i being a female sc member of the house was attacked in an unprecedented manner by the police force and a section of the staff.
my modesty and chastity was outraged in full public view.
.
she further alleged that marshal debabrata mukhopadhyay touched me inappropriately and physically violated by sanctity by punching me and pushing me away the complaint read.
congress mla lodged a police complaint a day after the incident with hare street police station, kolkata.
(ht photo)she further complained that the marshal abused her as chup kor choto jaath kothakar (shut up low cast), which is a direct insult to me being a member of scheduled caste community.
on the other hand after the incident accused marshal claimed to the media that a section of mlas manhandled him while he was trying to remove mannan after the speaker suspended him.
on monday, congress mlas tried to raise the issue at the assembly but was turned down by the speaker.
thereafter, congress and left mlas started to protest inside the assembly.
they ultimately walked out the house and protested outside.
this is unprecedented.
the leader of the opposition was assaulted by the marshal and the staff.
he is now admitted in hospital.
a female mla had her modesty outraged, but the government is not even ready to listen.
there is jungle raaj going on in the state, said manoj chakraborty, congress mla from berhampore.
along with the left we will continue our protest inside and outside the assembly against trinamool congress government, said chakraborty.
we will have to protest.
there is an attempt to bruch up what happened on february 8.
we have not been allowed to speak inside the house, said sujan chakraborty, cpi(m) mla.
partha chatterjee, trinamool congress mla and state education minister said, this is unparliamentary behaviour on the part of the opposition party.
meanwhile, mannan who, after the incident, is admitted at apollo gleneagles hospitals, kolkata and had a pacemaker implanted.
after chief minister mamatabanerjee met him on saturday, kolkata police offered body guards and police protection.
mannan however refused.
abdul mannan has refused police protection offered to him.
he is stable and recovering well, said amitava chakraborty, senior state congress leader.
in perhaps one of his fiercest attacks on west bengal chief minister and trinamool congress chief mamatabanerjee , prime minister narendra modi on monday claimed that once the results of the lok sabha elections are out on may 23, the tmc lawmakers in the state would desert the party to join the bjp.
didi, on may 23, when the results will be declared, the lotus will bloom everywhere and your mlas will leave you.
even today, didi, 40 of your mlas are in contact with me, modi said at a rally in serampore in bengal.
modi said that mamatabanerjee was sensing defeat and thus was losing her cool.
he said that she couldnt even dream of becoming the prime minister.
with just a handful of seats, didi, you cant reach delhi.
delhi is far away.
going to delhi is just an excuse.
her real intention is to politically establish her nephew, he said.
his reference was to abhishek, mamatabanerjee banerjees nephew, who is a sitting mp from diamond harbour and is also the tmc candidate for the seat.
this is not the first time that the pm has attacked the west bengal chief minister.
modi, who has referred to mamatabanerjee as speed-breaker didi, has during his previous rallies accused her of stalling all development projects in the state.
watch: analysis i violence mars w.b voting; and can bjp score in mamatas turf?
at a rally in west bengals cooch behar, modi had accused her of supporting people who wanted two prime ministers for india.
she is now aiding such people who want two prime ministers in india.
can you imagine this?
didi, your companions are openly claiming that india should have two prime ministers, modi had said, in an apparent reference to the unity rally organised by mamatabanerjee which had been attended by the leaders of more than 20 opposition parties.
also read: pm modi doesnt respect his mother, how can he respect india: mamatathe west bengal chief minister has not been holding back in her attacks on the pm either.
she has, at different rallies, referred to him as expiry babu, claiming that modis tenure as prime minister was about to end but he is not mentally prepared for going out of power.
she had also accused him of ruling india by decree of fear after the income tax department raids at kanimozhis residence earlier this month.
indiaupdated: aug 24, 2019 20:13 istformer union finance minister arun jaitley died of multiple organ failure at delhis all india institute of medical sciences on saturday afternoon.
he was 66.
a stalwart of the bjp, jaitley was admitted to aiims on august 9, after he complained of uneasiness.
a short statement by aiims said jaitley died at 12:07 pm this afternoon.
it is with profound grief that we inform about the sad demise of shri arun jaitley, honble member of parliament & former finance minister, government of india at 12:07 pm on 24th august, 2019.
shri arun jaitley was admitted in aiims, new delhi on 09/08/2019 and was treated by a multidisciplinary team of senior doctors, read the press release.
bjp leader sudhanshu mittal said that the cremation will take place on sunday afternoon at the nigambodh ghat.
arun jaitley was admitted into aiims intensive care unit (icu) and was treated by a multi-disciplinary team of doctors after he complained of uneasiness; he was put on life-support system after his condition deteriorated.
jaitley had opted out of the government citing poor health when the second national democratic alliance (nda) government headed by prime minister narendra modi took oath.
rip arun jaitley: former finance minister and bjp stalwart dies at 66prime minister narendra modi mourned the death of arun jaitley, saying he has lost a valued friend.
with the demise of arun jaitley ji, i have lost a valued friend, whom i have had the honour of knowing for decades.
his insight on issues and nuanced understanding of matters had very few parallels.
he lived well, leaving us all with innumerable happy memories.
we will miss him!
tweeted pm modi, who is in the uae on the second leg of a three-nation visit.
political leaders across the political spectrum, mourned the bjp leaders passing away.
condoling jaitleys death, congress president sonia gandhi said his contributions to public life will be forever remembered.
an outstanding parliamentarian & a brilliant lawyer, appreciated across parties.
his contribution to indian polity will be remembered.
my condolences to his wife, children, friends & admirers.
jaitley has had a history of medical conditions, including diabetes and kidney failure.
he underwent a kidney transplant last year in may, and a bariatric surgery in september 2014.
jaitley was among the first to realise the potential of narendra modi in the bjp, and the two stayed together through thick and thin.
after becoming the pm in 2014, modi handed over the finance, defence and corporate affairs portfolios to jaitley, a clear sign of the trust on him.
maharashtra bjp spokesperson shaina n c thursday said she was upset and appalled as most of the leading political parties, including her own, have not given enough representation to women in the lok sabha elections.
praising west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee and odisha chief minister naveen patnaik for giving 41 and 33 per cent to women candidates respectively, she said all other parties need to wake up as they only pay lip service to womens causes.
of the 48 lok sabha seats in maharashtra, only 13 women fielded by prominent parties are in the fray.
in a statement issued here, shaina said, ability requires opportunity.
talent needs to be showcased.
leadership across the board need to give more women politicians a chance for us to prove our electoral competence.
all parties need to wake up, she said.
the bjp has fielded seven women candidates this time, congress three, ncp and shiv sena one each.
independent mla ravi ranas wife, navneet, is contesting from amravati as an ally of ncp.
bjp candidate for nandurbar seat, heena gavit, is the daughter of former ncp minister vijaykumar gavit, while the partys raver nominee raksha khadse is the daughter-in-law of bjp leader eknath khadse.
similarly, bharati pawar (dindori) is the daughter-in-law of ncp leader late a t pawar, poonam mahajan (mumbai north central) is daughter of bjp leader late pramod mahajan, pritam munde (beed) is daughter of late bjp leader gopinath munde and kanchan kul (baramati) is the wife of rsp mla rahul kul.
mlc smita wagh is bjps candidate from jalgaon.
gavit, khadse, munde, mahajan are seeking a second term.
they had been elected for the first time in 2014.
congress has fielded charulata tokas (wardha), who is the daughter of party leader late prabha rau.
priya dutt, who is contesting from mumbai north central, is the daughter of late actor and politician sunil dutt.
actor urmila matondkar, who joined the congress recently, is contesting from mumbai north constituency.
sharad pawars daughter supriya sule is seeking a re-election from baramati for the third time, while navneet rana is contesting from amravati as an ally of ncp.
shiv sena mp bhavana gawli is seeking a re-election from yavatmal-washim for the fourth time.
women are 50 per cent of the electorate.
upset and appalled to know that other than mamatabanerjee , who has given 41 per cent and navin patnaik, who has given 33 per cent to women candidates, all other parties only pay lip service to our cause.
what is worrisome is that we are still having dialogues and discussions on the most basic rights that any human being should be entitled to.
thats why a 33 per cent reservation must be a collective, concerted, conscious effort of all women in public life, she said.
she vowed to champion the cause of reservation and said she will do it even if she has to fight the male chauvinistic mindset in her own party and all other parties.
here on, i will champion the cause of reservation even if i have to fight the male chauvinistic mindset in my parties in all other parties too, she said.
requesting all women to speak up and demand all parties to give 33 per cent tickets to women as part of their manifesto of their individual party irrespective of legislation in parliament for reservation, shaina said.
while bengal is still simmering in the land agitation at bhangar on the fringes of kolkata, a new chapter of protest was inaugurated in bolpur of birbhum district in south bengal with villagers agitating against a proposed university that will be set up on a 20-acre plot of land.
on monday more than 100 villagers descended on the plot of land -- nabout 20 acre -- and smashed an under-construction boundary wall.
they also set tyres of fire and placed them along the boundary.
villagers armed with iron rods and sticks broke a temporary shed where the construction workers were staying and chased them away.
we will build this biswa bangla university for which land has been identified.
work will commence soon, she said.
on january 14 the chief minister surveyed the plot and the district administration was preparing for construction activity from early march.
a road block in bhangar on the fringes of kolkata that erupted in agitation by villagers protesting against a power grid project.
(ht photo)the area is politically dominated by trinamool congress and its formidable district president anubrata mondal.
incidentally, various left parties have called a rally in kolkata on monday to protest against the bhangar power grid project and in support of the agitators.
in 2001 the land was acquired by the left front government through west bengal industrial development corporation for setting up industry.
the 20-acre plot is a part of a 300-acre stretch where a it hardware park and a theme city are also coming up.
the land owners received compensation too.
on monday, the angry villagers chiefly consisted of sharecroppers who were not paid any compensation.
while they numbered around 60, some locals also joined in pushing the number above 100.
when the government took the land, they told us it was for industry.
it will give jobs to some local youths which will not be possible if a university comes up, said sheikh yusuf of kashipur village.
his uncles land was acquired by the government.
sudhir kumar nilkanth, police super of birbhum, a team has rushed there led by the subdivisional police officer.
we have posted a team there.
some naxals and local cpi(m) supporters have misled the villagers, said anubrata mondal.
the agitators were demanding that the land was taken for industry and they wanted only industrial units there.
birbhum, principally known for tagores santiniketan and visva-bharati university, is one of the backward districts of the state where agriculture is the chief economic activity.
a couple of years ago, the district witnessed frequent clashes between bjp and trinamool supporters.
in the 2014 lok sabha elections, bjp could not make major inroads in bengal.
this time its different as bjp chief amit shah and pm narendra modi visited bengal more than their home state gujarat.
chief minister mamatabanerjee remains confident that trinamool congress will hold west bengal.
click here for lok sabha election results 2019click here for election results 2019 coverageclick here for full lok sabha elections 2019 coverage10:36 am ist no major gains for congress and the left in west bengal once a left bastion, the party has not taken lead in any of the constituencies.
congress adhir ranjan chowdhury, who is a staunch critic of cm mamatabanerjee , has the lead from berhampore constituency.
10:32 am ist bjp bengal president dilip ghosh is leading from medinipur constituency manas bhunia of the tmc is currently trailing.
10:28 am ist in purulia, bjps jyotirmoy singh mahato leads against dr. mriganka mahato of the trinamool.
in ranaghat and srerampur, bjps debjit sarkar and jagannath sarkar take the lead.
10:15 am ist bjp is leading in 19 constituencies in west bengal sukanta majumdar of balurghat , shantanu thakur of bangaon, subhas sarkar in bankura are emerging with clear leads.
10:02 am ist kolkata south sees bjps chandra kumar bose trail by 21621 votes.
both kolkata north and south has seen the trinamool taking the lead after two hours of counting.
9:54 am ist mimi chakraborty, actress-turned-politician of the tmc takes the lead in jadavpur constituency once close to mamatabanerjee , former ips officer bharati ghosh, is leading from ghatal by almost a 1000 votes, according to the recent trends from the eci.
bharati ghosh had returned a medal and certificate for commendable service that west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee gave her on august 15, 2014.
read our report here.
9:47 am ist saumitra khan of the bjp takes lead over shyamal santra of the trinamool congress mamatas nephew abhishek mamatabanerjee who had sent a defamation notice to the prime minister leads from diamond harbour by 3800 votes, according to early trends.
birbhum sees satabdi roy taking the lead again.
9:22 am ist adhir ranjan choudhury, four-time congress mp from berhampore is leading.
satabdi roy is trailing in birbhum, as bharatiya janata partys dudh kumar mondal leads by 735 votes.
catch the live updates from all over the nation.
it is a neck-to-neck fight in bengal.
9:17 am ist babul supriyo baral of the bjp leads in asansol.
the star-studded fight for asansol sees actress-turned-politician moon moon sen trailing by almost 12100 votes according to the early trends.
9:14 am ist in hooghly, bjp candidate, actress-turned-politician locket chatterjee is leading.
trinamool candidate dr. ratna de is trailing by 4489 votes9:04 am ist according to early trends, subrata mukherjee of the trinamool congress is trailing from bankura sajda ahmed and ratna de take the lead in uluberia and hooghly according to early trends posted by the election commission of india.
8:59 am ist one hour into the counting, the initial leads have come in.
leads for several constituencies have come in, counting of postal ballots are almost.
evms have been opened across several constituencies as counting begins and the leads pour in.
8:39 am ist its a close contest.
tmc leads in seven constituencies in west bengal sougata ray, mahua moitra, actress-turned-politician satabdi roy (banerjee), dibyendu adhikari and asit kumar mal lead from their respective constituencies.
bjp inches towards 6 seats as tapan kumar ray and arjun singh take the lead in barrackpore and arambagh.
.
.
abhijit mukherjee of the congress is leading from jangipur8:30 am ist congress candidate from malda dakshin abu hasem khan chowdhury is leading trinamool candidate apurba sarkar leads from baharampur8:21 am ist bjp leads in four constituencies in bengal bjp is leading in cooch behar, jalpaiguri, darjeeling and alipurduar.
tmc is leading in maldah north with actress mausam noor of tmc.
8:05 am ist counting begins across 42 constituencies in bengal bjp and tmc go head to head in heated electoral battle .
left and congress look forward to boost their chances.
stay tuned for whos leading and trailing in west bengal and all over the country.
7:55 am ist amid chaos regarding evm tampering, tmc workers are guarding evm strongrooms.
trinamool congress leadership has asked its workers in west bengal to guard strongrooms in their respective areas, fearing that the bjp might try to smuggle out evms.7:22 am ist bjp had won 2 out of 42 lok sabha seats in 2014 elections bjp chief amit shah has set a goal of winning 22 of those 42 seats this lok sabha elections.
union minister smriti irani also echoed similar sentiments in a tweet yesterday ahead of the counting of polls we are conscious of the sacrifices made by the families of karyakartas especially in kerala and west bengal.
no words will ever be enough to pay homage to those who died.
however , the best tribute would be that every day we contribute constructively to nation building.
a year to the date after they came together on a stage in bengaluru to celebrate the formation of a janata dal (secular)-congress government in karnataka and the defeat of the bharatiya janata party (bjp), many of the parties involved are hoping they will have a chance for an encore in new delhi.
a new grouping of the united progressive alliance (upa) plus six parties, the trinamool congress, the samajwadi party, the bahujan samaj party (bsp), the aam aadmi party, the telugu desam party (tdp), and the left front, tentatively called the secular democratic front (sdf), is hoping to make a bid to form the government if the election results to be announced today gives it the numbers  and provided the bjp-led national democratic alliance doesnt have the numbers.
also read | for karnataka coalition, a year of living dangerouslyhindustan times has reviewed a draft of the letter prepared by the parties as part of their plan to ensure they get a chance to form the government in case no single party has the numbers required.
to be sure, most exit polls suggest the bjp will have the numbers on its own, and almost all say the nda will cross the halfway mark of 272 in the 543-member lok sabha.
follow live updates here.
the letter was supposed to be part of the three-step process these parties agreed to adopt; the original plan was to send the letter to the president ahead of the results, announcing a post-poll, pre-results alliance, but this was abandoned after the bsp said it wasnt comfortable with announcing an alliance before the numbers came out.
click here for lok sabha election results 2019the name sdf was suggested by the congress, according to people directly involved in the process of forming the alliance who asked not to be named .
a team comprising jairam ramesh, abhishek singhvi, randeep surjewala, and ahmed patel was tasked by party president rahul gandhi four days ago to come up with a plan in case no party had a majority.
the team came up with a three-step plan.
one, to send a letter a day before the results with the intention of staking claim with the names of all the parties in the coalition.
the draft states their intention to continue to stay together even after the results are declared.
two, to stake claim with the signatures of leaders all the parties.
and three, to announce the leader of the coalition.
however, three leaders ht spoke to, one in the tdp and two in the congress, confirmed that a last-minute decision was taken not to send such a letter after the bsp thought it would be premature.
also read | congress, bjp go all out in mega publicity drivewe would have sent the letter today but it was felt that in case the numbers were not in our favour, it would have been a premature move, said one of the three.
the tdp leader and a left front leader added that the name sdf has also not been approved by all members.
nor, they admitted, has there been any consultation on the possible leader of such a grouping.
according to the people involved in the process of forming the alliance, three leaders have been tasked with getting on board the three parties that are not part of any grouping, the biju janata dal, the telangana rashtra samithi and the ysrcp: mamatabanerjee , sharad pawar and chandrababu naidu.
the leaders of all parties in the grouping are set to fly in to delhi, provided the numbers are favourable.
a tentative meeting has been fixed for thursday evening, the people added.
the letter which was supposed to go today was supposed to be a precautionary step by opposition -- preventing the president from acting in haste, said an ncp leader.
the congress said that this would have given moral authority to the alliance, but didnt insist once parties such as the bsp expressed their unease with it, this person added.
west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee appealed to agitating doctors in the state to rejoin work and the centre asked her government for a report into the matter, even as striking medical professionals said on saturday they will continue their protest against attacks on doctors because there was no honest initiative by the chief minister to resolve the matter.
thousands of doctors are protesting across the country over an incident in which three junior doctors at nrs medical college in kolkata were assaulted by the relatives of a patient who died during treatment on monday.
hours before mamatabanerjee appeared to soften her stance on saturday by assuring that the careers of the doctors will not be hampered, the striking junior doctors in west bengal turned down the cms proposal for talks at the state secretariat.
they demanded that mamatabanerjee hold an open discussion at the hospital and not a closed-door meeting.
we doubt the objectivity and safety of talks with a handful of our representatives behind closed doors.
we want the chief minister to come to nrs (medical college and hospital) and hold talks with all of us, a joint statement by the agitating doctors said.
stirs and demonstrations by doctors continued across several states and union territories, prompting the ministry of home affairs to issue an advisory to the west bengal government on the ongoing strike.
the advisory said: this ministry is in receipt of a number of representations from doctors, health care professionals and medical associations from different parts of the country for their safety and security in view of the ongoing strike by doctors in west bengal.
it is requested that a detailed report be sent urgently on the representations and ongoing strike by the doctors.
union health minister harsh vardhan called for punitive action against those attacking health care professionals, saying strict action must be taken against anyone who assaults them.
banerjee responded to the union ministers remark by saying that health was a state subject.
ask him to look after health care in the country, she said.
on the centres advisory, the cm said: it is a routine affair.
they keep sending these.
dont pay too much attention to it.
in delhi, health care services were hit as doctors from various hospitals including the ram manohar lohia hospital, gb pant hospital and lady hardinge medical college went on strike in solidarity with the agitating doctors in west bengal.
emergency and icu services, however, remained functional.
the resident doctors association of the all india institute of medical sciences (aiims) called off its day-long strike but gave the west bengal cm a 48-hour ultimatum to meet the demands of the protesting doctors in her state.
doctors in west bengal and other states took out protest marches and wore black bands and helmets to work.
the indian medical association has called for a nationwide strike on monday, stepping up protests to demand better security at hospitals after the attack on doctors in kolkata.
we have the laws, but we do not want to use them.
.
.
.
we are not going to take any stringent action against any of the agitating junior doctors and hamper their career, she said in what can be seen as a climbdown at a news briefing after the agitating doctors refused to visit the secretariat for talks at 5 pm.
the chief minister said that the state government had accepted all the demands of the doctors and was ready to accept more, but she added that they must resume work.
on friday, i waited for the junior doctors for five hours.
and today, i cancelled all my programmes for them.
you must show some respect to the constitutional body, she said.
responding to banerjees remarks, archisman bhattacharya, a representative of the agitating junior doctors said: at the press conference, she tried to divert peoples attention from the real issue.
we are compelled to continue with the agitation.
banerjee cited instances of steps taken against doctors in similar situations by other states, adding that the west bengal government had not taken any tough action against them as she did not want to hamper their careers.
the west bengal cm was criticised on friday after saying that those living in her state will have to learn to speak in bengali.
she said that outsiders were instigating the doctors strike.
among the demands of the protesters are an unconditional apology by the cm, a personal visit by her to the injured doctors, a condemnation of mondays attack, and a judicial inquiry into alleged police inaction against the assailants.
at least one death, that of a child who could not be admitted to a government hospital, was reported on friday amid the strike.
the family of a three-year-old alleged that he died because of the lack of medical aid on saturday, but doctors denied the charge.
the cm met five prominent doctors and her office invited four representatives of the doctors from nrs medical college on friday to the state secretariat for discussion but the offer was turned down.
if the junior doctors think i am incapable, they can always talk to the governor or the chief secretary.
.
.
or the commissioner of police, she said.
west bengal governor keshari nath tripathi wrote to mamatabanerjee and advised her to take immediate steps to provide security to the doctors and find a solution to the impasse.
banerjee later said she spoke to the governor and apprised him about the steps taken by the state government to break the deadlock.
the crisis in darjeeling seemed to deepen with the all-party meeting called by gorkha janmukti morcha (gjm) leaders on tuesday afternoon ending a unanimous decision to fight for a separate state of gorkhaland that was a direct challenge to chief minister mamatabanerjee who has vowed not to allow a split of bengal.
the five political parties and an apolitical body that attended the meeting were -- gjm, gorkha national liberation front (gnlf), gorkhaland rajya nirman morcha, bharatiya gorkha parisangh (apolitical), communist party of revolutionary marxists and bjp.
the meeting started at 1:30 pm and went on till 4 pm.
read:if i dont fight for gorkhaland, hill people will not spare me: bimal gurungthough two parties -- all india gorkha league (aigl) and jan andolan party (jap) -- did not attend, their leaders expressed their support for a separate state.
gjm supporters agitating in darjeeling in 2015.
(samir jana)we have unanimously decided to fight for gorkhaland, said gjm general secretary roshan giri.
r p waiba, the vice-president of gjm chaired the meeting in absence of morcha president bimal gurung.
suman sharma, assistant secretary of the bjp hill district committee, was present in the meeting.
i signed the resolution supporting gorkhaland, he told ht.
bjp hill committee president, manoj dewan, told ht that he deputed sharma to attend the meeting.
for ruling trinamool congress, the decision of the all-party meeting signals a setback.
gnlf, its ally in the recently concluded civic elections that helped it to post a victory in mirik municipality -- the first by a party from the plains in decades -- clearly voted for a separate state.
trinamool congress was our electoral ally and not an ideological ally.
it was in a different context.
this is politics, the art of the possible, niraj zimba, the spokesperson of gnlf, who was present at the meeting told the media.
read: darjeelings british legacy: a journey in timegnlf was sold out earlier.
they just made an alliance with us for electoral benefits.
they pretended to be with us, but actually helped gjm to win the polls, alleged darjeeling district trinamool president and state tourism minister gautam deb.
bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee has vowed not to allow gorkhaland to carved out of west bengal.
(ht photo)bjp leaders, too, were a tad uncomfortable.
while a bjp representative was present in the meeting, he did not stay back for the press conference.
in kolkata, partys national secretary and former state president rahul sinha told ht, we will find out what happened in the meeting.
but let me state that bjp is against the division of bengal.
incidentally, gjm is an ally of the nda.
in its manifestos of 2009 and 2014 lok sabha polls, bjp stated that it would sympathetically examine and appropriately consider the long pending demands of the gorkhas.
though bjp leaders never spelt out their support for gorkhaland, gjm has always considered these words as an endorsement of the same.
meanwhile, on the ground normal life was completely paralysed in the hills on tuesday, the second day of the gjm-sponsored indefinite bandh in offices of the state and cwntral government and gorkhaland territorial administration, thanks to a one-day general strike called by 25 tea unions.
tea is the biggest industry in north bengal and employs about three lakh workers.
on tuesday, police lathicharged a rally by gjm workers in darjeeling.
read: kalimpong district may stoke gorkhaland fireapart from the vow to fight for gorkhaland, two resolutions were adopted in tuesdays meeting.
the parties described as unfortunate the police action on june 8 and on tuesday.
they also said that the chief minister should issue a clarification that bengali should remain an optional subject in the hills and not impose it on students in the region.
file picture of aigl leader bharti tamang.
though she did not attend the meeting on tuesday, she said gorkhaland was the only permanent solution.
(samir jana)aigl chief bharati tamang, who is the wife of slain leader madan tamang said just a day ago that she supported the demand for gorkhaland.
(incidentally, bimal gurung and other gjm leaders are among the accused in the murder of madan tamang on may 21, 2010.
) jap president harka bahadur chhetri, who was a gjm leader, also endorsed a separate state as the only long term solution to the problem.
the latest bout of trouble started on june 8 when a clash broke out between gjm supporters agitating against what they alleged as imposition of bengali on hill students by the chief minister.
the administration had to seek the help of the army even as the police failed to control the situation even in the presence of the chief minister.
the all-party meeting also called for collective leadership to push for gorkhaland.
an official of the state home department said that the centre has verbally communicated that it will send a set of queries on the existing situation in darjeeling.
once we get it officially, we will send a reply after consultation with thee chief minister, said the official.
hundreds of bjp workers led by their state and central leaders clashed with the police, set a jeep on fire and damaged vehicles on thursday as the partys lalbazar agitation ended in chaos on brabourne road, bentinck road, phears lane and bowbazar street.
the police used lathi and teargas to disperse the crowds.
bjp state president dilip ghosh, national general secretary kailash vijayvargiya and more than a hundred bjp supporters were injured.
vijayvargiya, ghosh, mahila morcha president roopa ganguly and several others were arrested.
read: police fire tear gas shells, use water cannons and wield lathis to control left agitators in kolkatathough the police cracked down after the agitators set a jeep on fire and lobbed loud bombs, the men in uniform appeared less marauding than they were on may 22, when the cpi(m) led a much bigger crowd towards nabanna, the state secretariat.
also, journalists covering thursdays agitation, did not find themselves at the receiving end of police lathis.
lathis rained on thursday but to a lesser degree than on monday during the left agitation.
(samir jana/ht photo)incidentally, chief minister mamatabanerjee was in a one-on-one meeting with prime minister narendra modi in delhi when the bjp-police showdown went live on television.
there is no issue to agitate about.
the cpi(m) and bjp are competing each other for the second position in bengal politics.
till a few days ago, both parties were reduced to mere signboards.
today, they are practising goondaism, she said.
a petrol bomb was hurled at the police without provocation.
property of metro rail was vandalised at central station.
more than 20 police personnel were injured.
a total of 141 persons were arrested, said supratim sarkar, joint commissioner (hq), kolkata police.
among those arrested were bjp leaders such as dilip ghosh, rahul sinha, kailash vijayvargiya and roopa ganguly.
on thursday, the police used a strategy that left bjp supporters clueless and made the task of mob dispersal easy.
using areal drones, they quickly identified the location of top bjp leaders and whisked them away much before the large processions could come close to lalbazar.
with the leaders in police custody, the followers didnt know what to do.
the police chased them away.
read: tmc in a fix over rise of bjps aggressive hindutva in bengalthe only place where a couple of tear gas shells were lobbed and water cannon used was brabourne road where bjp activists led dilip ghosh had to be stopped.
a couple of loud bombs were also hurled, allegedly by the bjp activists.
police arrested ghosh.
bjp leaders however claimed that the bombs, which apparently had no splinters, were hurled by outsiders.
water cannons were liberally used on the agitators.
(samir jana/ht photo)the procession at b b ganguly street was led by vijayvargiya while at bentink street, former state president rahul sinha and roopa ganguly steered the agitation.
however, all three were arrested before the processions could reach the barricades.
frustrated, bjp supporters set a police vehicle on fire and smashed the windows of some other vehicles on b b ganguly street.
read: make more noise than the left: mantra of bengal bjp leaders before thursdays agitationthe overall normalcy around dalhousie square was evident from the fact that almost all the shops including three gun shops had their shutters open.
we even sold a couple of guns today while the agitation was on, said a shop owners.
the bjp does not believe in violence and hence the credit for less bloodshed goes to the party.
whatever happened was because of the unprovoked attack on our supporters by the police, said dilip ghosh.
cpi(m) politburo member mohammad salim alleged the agitation was entirely staged.
bjp organised an agitation in kolkata while mamatabanerjee met modi in delhi.
this exposes the dichotomy on both sides, he said.
prime minister narendra modi on wednesday greeted the nation on the occasion of basant panchami.
greetings on the special occasion of basant panchami, prime minister modi tweeted.
west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee also greeted the nation on this occasion.
heartiest greetings to all on the occasion of saraswati pujo, mamatabanerjee tweeted.
basant panchami marks the beginning of the spring season.
the festival is celebrated every year on the fifth day of the month of magha.
basant means spring and panchami means the fifth day.
on this day, the hindus wearing yellow clothes visit temples and pray to goddess saraswati - the goddess of knowledge, and celebrate the day as saraswati puja.
schools and educational institutes celebrate saraswati puja.
in allahabad, basant panchami bathing, one of the important occasions of magh mela will take place today at sangam and other ghats of holy rivers.
large number of devotees who are staying in magh mela area and kalpwasis will take holy dip at the confluence of ganga and yamuna.
elaborate security arrangements have been made at the sangam area.
besides police and paramilitary forces, drone camera and cctv cameras will also keep close vigil in the magh mela area.
in a surprise move, the bengal government on thursday evening registered criminal case against bjp state president dilip ghosh and others under non-bailable sections of the arms act and indian penal code for carrying swords at ram navami rallies the day before.
it all happened three hours after chief minister mamatabanerjee announced at a government programme in bengals purulia district that she would take legal action against those who brandished weapons at ram navami rallies.
i am not going to tolerate any muscle flexing in the name of religion, she said.
the cases against ghosh were registered suo motu by the state police at kharagpur town, where he is the sitting mla.
in a simultaneous move, the kolkata police filed separate cases at posta, bhawanipore and entally police stations.
the indian medical association (ima) sunday said it will go ahead with its strike on june 17 with withdrawal of non-essential health services across the country in the wake of the recent assault on doctors in west bengal.
the announcement came a day after union health minister harsh vardhan asked states to consider enacting specific legislation for protecting doctors and medical professionals from any form of violence.
the apex medical body, ima, however, demanded a comprehensive central law in dealing with violence on doctors and healthcare staff, and in hospitals.
security measures and the determinants leading to violence should also be addressed, it said in a statement.
exemplary punishment for perpetrators of violence should be a component of the central law and suitable amendments should be brought in the indian penal code (ipc) and code of criminal procedure (crpc), the ima said.
the ima said all non-essential services, including outdoor patient department (opd) services, will be withdrawn for 24 hours from 6 am on monday to 6 am tuesday.
emergency and casualty services will continue to function, it said.
the medical body had launched a four-day nationwide protest from friday and wrote to union home minister amit shah demanding enactment of a central law to check violence against healthcare workers.
it had also called for a countrywide strike on june 17 with withdrawal of non-essential health services.
on saturday, vardhan, along with a letter to all chief ministers, also attached a copy of the draft act provided by the ima --the protection of medical service persons and medical service institutions (prevention of violence and damage or loss of property) act, 2017.
in its statement, the ima said effective implementation of the central law has to be ensured by incorporating suitable clauses.
nineteen states have already passed legislations in this regard and in 2016, an inter-ministerial committees recommendations document was signed by the ima with the central government, the medical body said.
hospitals should be declared as safe zones.
structured safety measures, including a three-layer security, cctv cameras and restriction of entry of visitors should be well defined and enforced uniformly across the country in all sectors, it said.
healthcare violence has its origin in high expectations, lack of infrastructure and inadequate human resources.
issues of medical profession involving doctor-patient relationship, effective communication regarding the nature of illness and professional counselling play a part as well.
the ima expects the government of india to provide for each of these components, according to the statement.
the situation in west bengal is still grave and fear of violence is present in all medical colleges and major hospitals, the ima claimed.
the violence following the attack on resident doctor paribaha mukherjee in west bengal has been allowed to deteriorate into a major law and order situation, the medical body alleged.
the crisis should be resolved to the satisfaction of the residents and the medical professionals of west bengal.
ima proclaims solidarity with the resident doctors of west bengal and appeals to the government of west bengal to address and resolve the issue on war footing, the statement said.
representatives from the ima and delhi medical association (dma) had also called on vardhan on saturday.
stressing further on the need for avoiding such incidents in future, vardhan had said law enforcement should prevail so that doctors and clinical establishments discharge their duties and professional pursuit without fear of any violence.
strict action against any person who assaults them, must be ensured by the law enforcement agencies, he had emphasised.
vardhan cited a letter dated july 7, 2017 sent by the union health ministry to all chief secretaries of states which contains the decision taken by an inter-ministerial committee constituted by the ministry to review the issues raised by ima.
the committee, in its report, had recommended that the health ministry shall suggest to all state governments which do not have specific legislation to protect doctors and health professionals to consider one to strictly enforce the provisions of special legislation wherever they exist or enforce the ipc and crpc provisions with vigour.
the draft of the protection of medical service persons and medical service institutions (prevention of violence and damage or loss of property) act, 2017, circulated to the states, includes clauses on penalty and recovery in case of loss/damage to property.
doctors at the centre-run lady hardinge medical college and hospital, and rml hospital, and delhi governments healthcare facilities such as gtb hospital, dr baba saheb ambedkar hospital, sanjay gandhi memorial hospital and ddu hospital, boycotted work and held protests on saturday.
however, emergency and icu services were not hampered in these hospitals.
resident doctors of aiims and safdarjung hospital, who resumed work after having boycotted it on friday, saturday have a 48-hour ultimatum to west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee to meet the demands of the states agitating doctors, failing which they said they would go on an indefinite strike.
they attended patients wearing helmets and bandages on forehead as a sign of protest.
after constantly highlighting her opposition to the demonetisation move over the past three months in the political sphere, bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee has registered a fiscal protest as well braving deep financial crisis.
in the state budget presented on friday, state finance minister amit mitra announced a one-time cash assistance of rs 50,000 for all those who lost their jobs due to demonetisation.
mitra announced a demonetisation relief corpus of rs 250 crore, an amount that can be distributed to 50,000 individuals at the most.
the state is in deep fiscal crisis with debt repayment alone consuming 81  of the states tax revenues the next year.
the fiscal deficit is projected at rs 19,351 crore.
demonetisation has forced thousands of skilled workers from different parts of the country to come back to the state.
they are now living in pitiable conditions.
we would give these workers a one-time grant of rs 50,000 so that they can start an alternative business.
an allocation of rs 250 crore has been set aside for this in the budget, said mitra.
the district magistrates have been asked to identify those who have lost their jobs due to the move announced by the prime minister on november 8 last year, announced the finance minister.
the chief minister said that lakhs of people have lost their livelihoods.
has the state done any survey?
i apprehend that this corpus of rs 250 crore would go to the party fund, dilip ghosh, president of the west bengal bjp, told ht.
the finance minister also announced a special assistance fund of rs 100 crore that has been created in the budget to mitigate the sufferings of farmers hit by demonestiation.
the farmers couldnt procure fertilizers and seeds in time.
the cooperative credit system, on which a large section of farmers depend, has been paralysed because of demonetization.
the relief fund is indeed a welcome move.
but with lakhs losing their livelihood, how does one ensure that the victims will be picked for assistance?
it might lead to nepotism, remarked pradip bhattacharya, immediate past president of bengal congress.
besides the demonetisation relief fund, the budget contained features that seemed to mark preparations for the panchayat polls in the state next year.
the monthly honorarium of anaganwadi workers and asha workers has been increased by rs 500.
to provide relief to small businessmen, the threshold under vat has been increased from rs 10 lakh to rs 20 lakh.
the allocation for agriculture and rural development has been increased by 17 .
this is the best budget.
not a single ongoing development scheme has been scrapped.
we couldnt do anything more as our hands are tied.
since november 8 last year, she has turned out to the most vocal critic of the prime ministers demonetisation move.
the army was deployed in the darjeeling town after gorkha janmukti morcha (gjm) supporters clashed with police, damaging police vehicles and setting vehicles ablaze as west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee held a cabinet meeting there.
things to know about the run-up to the darjeeling clashes1.
gorkha janmukti morcha (gjm)president bimal gurung called for agitation against chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjees decision to teach bengali in school in the hills, terming it an assault on the nepali-speaking population.
2.
in a public meeting in mirik on tuesday, the chief minister stepped up the pressure on gjm by announcing a special audit of the gorkhaland territorial administration (gta), the autonomous body controlled by the morcha.
the term of gta is set to end in july and elections will be held soon.
3.
bimal gurung began stepping up his opposition in a calibrated manner, starting out with a two-day shutdown of all educational institutions in the hills on june 1 and 2.
4.
gurung decided to exploit the presence of chief minister mamatabanerjee and more than two dozen of her ministers in darjeeling on thursday to step up his agitation.
5.
while gjm leaders insisted that the state cabinet must pass a resolution that bengali should be optional in the hills, it was not discussed in the cabinet meeting.
6.
though the chief minister had said earlier that bengali would not be compulsory, on thursday she evaded the issue and told media that it was a minor matter and that one could learn any language one wanted.
7.
the flare-up on thursday afternoon took place after mamatabanerjee chaired a meeting of the state cabinet, the first in 45 years, at the raj bhavan.
thousands of gjm supporters had gathered near the venue, shouting slogans.
even as the chief minister emerged from the meet to address mediapersons, the agitators tried to burn her effigy and began pelting stones at the police contingent posted outside.
8.
the police resorted to a lathi-charge and fired tear gas shells to disperse the mob.
but that failed to quell the gjm agitators, who set fire to four police vehicles and a public transport bus.
banerjee was barely half-a-kilometre away from the scene of the clashes.
9.
bimal gurung has blamed trinamool congress supporters for triggering the clash by resorting to violence.
trinamool leaders denied the allegation.
10.
the gjm has called for a 12-hour strike in the region on friday.
gurung is expected to announce further plans at a press conference this evening.
marine scientists from jadavpur university in kolkata are developing a model to predict how much hilsa would reach the bengali platter every year.
the model will not only tell us how much hilsa would be available in the rivers and estuaries, but also the sustainable fishing limit.
the quantity could vary from year to year depending on various factors such as availability of food (plankton), turbidity, fresh water flow, wind direction, lunar phase and sea surface temperature among others, said sugata hazra, director of school of oceanographic studies at jadavpur university, who is leading the project.
hilsa is often reckoned as the queen of fishes by bengalis, most of whom are fanatic about its aroma and taste.
the declining availability of hilsa is of great concern to almost all bengalis in the country that peaks every year during the monsoons.
the obsession is such that chief minister mamatabanerjee was flooded with requests to persuade bangladesh prime minister sheikh hasina to lift the ban on hilsa exports to india that dhaka imposed in july 2012.
work on the model is progressing and the ju team hopes to come up with the predictive model sometime later this year.
we are studying several models including ecopath with ecosim  a path-breaking model developed by us agency national oceanic and atmospheric administration  which helps scientists to accurately understand complex marine ecosystems.
we are trying to come up with a single model which would allow us to predict month-wise and if possible daily availability of hilsa population in the fishing zone, he added.
both the catch of hilsa and the size of the fishes had been dwindling over the years.
experts have pointed out various reasons behind this ranging from siltation of rivers, unbridled fishing of juvenile hilsa, pollution, loss of habitat among others.
incidentally before the farakka barrage was built on the ganged, hilsa was found in hardwar too.
according to the government estimates the hilsa catch has come down from 33,102 tonnes in 2000-01 to 9,269 tonnes in 2014-15, a decline of close to 72  percent.
hyderabad-based indian national center for ocean information services (incois) under the ministry of earth sciences sends out advisories to governments and fishermen about availability and congregation of fish shoals in the sea.
the ju-model would help scientists to send similar advisories for hilsa to incois and the state government.
once the model is prepared scientists would feed it with data such as availability of algae, freshwater discharge rate, rainfall, wind direction, lunar period, turbidity, depth of rivers and temperature among other information.
this, in turn, would throw up data on fish availability and how much could be netted sustainably.
if can go for sustainable fishing with bans and restrictions during some months during the year and in the spawning areas, the hilsa population would recover within the next few years, said hazra.
the bangladesh government has already put in place stringent legislation to conserve the hilsa population.
dozens of fishermen are arrested for fishing baby hisla (below 500 gms) every year.
west bengal is also planning to bring in similar legislation which would help authorities to arrest anyone buying or selling baby hilsa.
the west bengal government has told police officers and constables not to apply for deputation to the central bureau of investigation (cbi) that is looking for personnel to work on cases such as the narada investigation and the chit funds including saradha and rose valley.
incidentally, a number of ruling trinamool congress leaders are allegedly involved in these high-profile investigations that chief minister mamatabanerjee has described as politics of vendetta by the narendra modi government.
recently, cbi sought applications from bengal to form a panel of 12 deputy superintendents of police, eight inspectors, 20 sub- inspectors and 40 constables.
read: mamatas trinamool faces heat, cbi files fir against 12 leaders featuring in narada stingthere has not been a single application from west bengal and kolkata police responding to cbis notice for inducting these personnel.
the cbi investigation into the narada sting operation has rejuvenated the opposition in bengal like the left parties.
(ht photo)sources from the west bengal personnel & administrative reforms department said that clear instructions have come from the state police directorate and police associations that no policemen (constables to deputy superintendents of police) should make any written application for deputation to cbi.
the decision of the government not to send anyone on deputation to cbi will not only put the agency into trouble and slow down investigation in these high-profile cases, but also deprive the policemen who could have been selected of monetary benefits.
while they serve the cbi, even a constable would have got a deputation allowance that would be a minimum of rs 8,000-10,000.
the amount would go up as one went up the scale and rank.
on one hand, the union government will use cbi to unnecessarily implicate our leaders, mps, mlas and even ministers in false cases.
at the same time, the agency expects these will be investigated by cops from our state.
these two things cannot happen at the same time.
we have made this clear to our cops that their career will begin in this state and end here only, a member of the state cabinet said.
cbi is the only central investigative agency that inducts non-ips cops from different police forces to carry on investigations.
considering its acute manpower shortage against the backdrop of large number of cases that the agency handles.
read: mamatabanerjee on cbis fir against trinamool leaders: will fight it out politicallythe central investigative agency regularly faces shortage of manpower in the ranks between constables and deputy superintendents.
trinamool lok sabha mp sudip bandyopadhyay, who was arrested in early january by cbi for his involvement in the rs 17,000-crore rose valley scam, was granted bail by odisha high court after four and a half months.
(ht photo)not a single application has been made from any of these ranks (dsp, inspector, sub-inspector, constable) and, therefore, the state government is not in a position to forward any panel to cbi, a senior state government official said.
the decision of not allowing non-ips cops from the state to go on deputation to cbi has been taken by chief minister mamatabanerjee herself.
jharkhand governments decision to enter liquor retail business could upset bihar chief minister nitish kumars anti-liquor campaign in the tribal state.
the decision, however, has irked several ministers in the raghubar das government and women organizations, who have been fighting for ban on sale and consumption of liquor.
the jharkhand cabinet on tuesday approved an excise and prohibition departments proposal paving the way for the jharkhand beverage corporation limited (jbcl) to control the retail business of foreign liquor and beer from august 1, 2017.
state drinking water and sanitation department minister chandra prakash choudhary told hindustan times, i had opposed the decision in the cabinet meeting.
it is not a welfare scheme that government will take over.
everyone should understand that alcohol has been a curse to our society.
i would oppose the decision.
choudhary, an ajsu legislator from ramgarh, said two-three bjp ministers had also tried to convince the cm that the decision would impact jharkhands image.
das, however, is treading the same path, that his counterpart, mamatabanerjee has charted for west bengal and has run into opposition for legislators of other parties.
the jharkhand decision has also drawn sharp criticism from opposition parties, trade bodies and several womens organizations, who have been demanding ban on sale and consumption of liquor, as in bihar.
former chief minister and jmm working president hemant soren said, now government will open liquor outlets in villages, which will ultimately impact the lives of poor tribals in jharkhand.
i appeal to the rural residents of the state to not allow liquor outlets in their villages.
soren said women organizations would have to come forward to launch a struggle against governments liquor campaign.
congress workers also burnt the effigy of jharkhand government at albert ekka chowk in protest against the governments decision of selling liquor.
nithish kumar had inspired several women organizations through his rallies in jharkhand for prohibition last year.
the organizations carried out aggressive campaigns across the state for last several months demanding ban on sale and consumption of liquor.
the decision is shocking.
when voices for complete ban on sale and consumption of liquor is resounding across the state, how could the state think of selling liquor on its own.
we will oppose it, said rani kumari, president of nari shakti sena, locally known as gulabi gang.
the organization has been spearheading an anti-liquor campaign and awareness drive against and sale and consumption of liquor in the state.
women suffer the most economically and socially.
government claims to have launched several projects for womens empowerment but when it comes to banning liquor, it does just the opposite, she said.
a survey conducted by the registrar general of india (rgi), which was released on june 8 last year, said 23.
4  of men above 15 years in jharkhand drink alcohol, which is the second highest in the country after chhattisgarh.
the figure for chhattisgarh is 33 .
federation of jharkhand chamber of commerce and industries have also lodged their protest the governments move, saying it would put 1500-2000 people associated with the business out of jobs.
west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on monday decided to take the bimal gurung led-gorkha janmukti morcha (gjm) head on and announced a special audit of the gjm-run gorkhaland territorial administration (gta).
banerjee made the remarks hours after being greeted in the hills with black flags by supporters of gjm.
well conduct a special audit of gta.
if malpractices are found, the law will take its own course.
elections to the 45-seat autonomous body gta will take place in a few weeks.
this was banerjees first visit after trinamool won the civic body election in mirik last month.
west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee hit out at prime minister narendra modi on wednesday for his demonetisation decision, and seemingly compared him to bollywood villain gabbar singh.
if you (modi) want, you can arrest us all.
we dont care.
mamata, however, did not name any leader.
after the announcement of demonetisation, the bengal cm has repeatedly attacked modi, alleging that his decision to scrap rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes have only hurt the poor.
prime minister narendra modi had announced on november 8 last year the governments decision to scrap rs 500 and rs 1000 bank notes, in a move aimed at tackling black money.
recently, i read in newspaper reports, that all our party leaders will be arrested in days to come.
are all your leaders (bjp) white and the rest of us are black!
the people of the country have never witnessed such a government, she said.
bjp leaders, including state president dilip ghosh, had said on monday that other trinamool congress leaders will be arrested by the cbi in the chit fund scam after the conclusion of assembly elections in five states.
modi, in his first defence of currency recall in parliament, compared demonetisation to fight tax evasion and illicit wealth with surgery on a human body.
when can you have an operation?
when the body is healthy.
the economy was doing well and thus our decision was taken at the right time, a combative modi said, peppering his speech with stinging attacks on opposition.
the bengal chief minister has also alleged that the arrest of her party mps sudip bandyopadhyay in january this year and tapas pal the month before in the rose valley scam is also a fallout of the opposition that her party put up around the country.
tmc mps demonstrated in front of parliament last week and marched towards the prime ministers residence when police intercepted them.
gabbar singh, the villain from bollywood movie sholay, has acquired a legendary status since the films released in 1975.
the dialogue -- pachas kos door gaanw me jab bachcha raat ko rota hai, toh maa kehti hai beta soja .
.
soja nahi to gabbar singh aa jaayega (when babies cry at night in villages fifty miles away, their mother says sleep or else gabbar singh will come), -- has become a part of the folklore.
the bharatiya janata party (bjp) on wednesday alleged that a vehicle carrying the body of a crpf soldier, who was killed in maoist ambush in chhattisgarh, was stopped to allow smooth passage to the chief ministers cavalcade.
bjp leader and union minister ram kripal yadav said the body of constable naresh yadav was being taken to darbhanga on tuesday night when the vehicle was stopped near gate no.
2 of patna airport to give passage to chief minister nitish kumars cavalcade.
this is height of insensitivity, he said.
naresh yadav and five other crpf men from bihar were among 25 soldiers killed in one of the deadliest ambushes by maoists in sukma area of chhattisgarh on monday.
neither the chief minister, who was attending a programme nearby, nor his cabinet colleagues were present when the bodies of bravehearts arrived at the airport, ram kripal yadav said.
i was at the airport since 5.
30 pm, while the bodies arrived much later.
i could see only shyam rajak, mla, from the ruling janata dal (united) there.
five bodies, that arrived later, were being taken to the native places of slain soldiers on different trucks when one of the vehicles was stopped, he added.
the cm was returning after attending a function of bihar state road development corporation, held near the airport.
even the chief secretary, director-general of police, home secretary and the cabinet secretary were not present, the union minister added.
rashtriya janata dal (rjd) chief lalu prasad promptly came to the defence of his ally nitish kumar.
may be, he was not aware that the vehicle carrying the body of the crpf jawan was being made to wait, prasad said.
rjd spokesman manoj jha said the vehicle might have been stopped due to some bureaucratic slip-up or lack of communication.
a senior crpf officer said the force had sent a request to the state government to make arrangements for state honours to martyrs at the airport.
west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee had gone to the native place of one of the martyrs at nadia, the officer said.
patna senior superintendent of police manu maharaaj said he had ordered an inquiry into the alleged stoppage of the procession carrying the body of crpf jawan.
the report has not confirmed the incident, he added.
west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee has urged prime minister narendra modi to treat contributions by business houses to the chief ministers relief funds as money spent by companies on corporate social responsibility (csr) activities, which would entitle the donors to claim tax breaks.
if the proposal is accepted by the centre, the relief funds might attract larger contributions from companies based in their jurisdictions, enabling them to spend more money on social welfare and to finance relief efforts at times of natural calamities.
the inclusion of contributions made to cms relief fund as one of the eligible activities under csr will not only bring parity with the existing provision allowing csr for pms national relief fund (pmnrf) but would also go a long way in helping poor and needy in the state to get support, mamatabanerjee wrote in a letter to the pm earlier this month.
a copy of the letter was seen by ht.
as of friday, the pmnrf had a balance of rs2,875 crore.
csr rules came into effect on april 1, 2014, and require companies with a net worth of rs500 crore or revenue of rs1,000 crore or net profit of rs5 crore to spend 2  of their average profit in the last three years on social development-related activities such as sanitation, education, healthcare and poverty alleviation, among others.
while many public sector companies directly take up projects to comply with the rules, many others prefer to deposit the money in the pmnrf to take advantage of the 100  tax incentive it offers, for the centre to decide where and when to spend it.
the pmnrf was formed in 1948, when indias first prime minister, jawaharlal nehru, set up the fund with public contributions to assist people displaced from pakistan after partition.
money from the fund has been spent on people affected by natural calamities, major accidents and riots.
the pm also releases money from the fund for expensive medical treatment of the poor.
the fund consists entirely of public contributions, without any budgetary support.
the government invests the corpus of pmnrf with scheduled commercial banks.
banerjee, who had earlier been at loggerheads with the centre over deduction of interest on loans taken by the previous left government, argued that her chief ministers relief fund is always under financial stress as not much contribution is made by the corporations.
due to paucity of funds, we are not being able to fulfill all the requests made for support, she wrote in the letter.
abhirup sarkar, an economist with the kolkata-based indian statistical institute, supported banerjees argument.
it is always desirable that the corporate money is spent near the area where it is established.
when the money goes to pmnrf, a company would not know where it is spent, he said.
resident doctors of aiims and safdarjung hospital, who boycotted work on friday in protest against attacks on their colleagues in kolkata, have now given a 48-hour ultimatum to west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee to meet the demands of the states agitating doctors, failing which they said they would go on indefinite strike.
members of the aiims resident doctors association (rda), who resumed work on saturday, said that if the demands of the west bengal doctors are not met within 48 hours, they would be forced to resort to an indefinite strike.
we condemn the hostile and unapologetic attitude of the government of west bengal.
our protest at aiims, new delhi continues until justice is meted out.
according to the decision taken in a general body meeting held on june 14, rda issues an ultimatum of 48 hours to the west bengal government to meet the demands of the striking doctors there, failing which we would be forced to resort to an indefinite strike at aiims, new delhi.
we hope that our colleagues across the nation will join us in this hour of need, the aiims rda said in a statement.
watch | doctors protest in wb part of conspiracy by bjp, cpm: mamatabanerjee banerjeethey expressed their gratitude to union health minister harsh vardhan for his prompt and proactive steps to resolve the impasse.
we sincerely hope that he will address this matter of utmost importance with the urgency that it merits, they said.
safdarjung hospital rda president parakash thakur also echoed a similar stand on the matter.
the doctors, however, will continue to wear helmets and bandages at work as a sign of protest .
the 48-hour ultimatum by aiims doctors comes days after mamatabanerjee gave a four-hour ultimatum to the striking doctors in her state to withdraw their strike or vacate hostels.
to express solidarity with the doctors who are agitating against an attack on their colleagues in west bengal, the indian medical association (ima) has called for a strike on june 17.
the ima has also decided to continue their protest on saturday and sunday condemning the continued suffering of the resident doctors and repeated occurrence of harassments, it said.
these protests will include wearing black badges, dharnas, peace marches.
ima has also requested the support from all associations of the fraternity to join the agitation.
the apex body of doctors in the country also renewed its demand for a central law to check violence against healthcare workers in hospitals and said that the law should provide a minimum sentence of seven-year jail to violators.
vardhan on friday supported the medical fraternitys demand for a central law to check violence against healthcare workers in hospitals and said such crimes should be made non-bailable.
scores of doctors in delhi friday held demonstrations, with many seeing patients in emergency wards wearing bandages on forehead or helmets, marching and raising slogans to express solidarity.
(this story has been published from a wire agency feed without modifications to the text.
only the headline has been changed.
external affairs minister sushma swaraj on monday said india-us ties are progressing under the trump administration as they were during the obama presidency and the pace had not slowed down.
addressing a press conference on key initiatives of her ministry in three years of the modi government, swaraj also described the proposed changes in h1b visas as a matter of concern.
she said the government was engaged with the donald trump administration as well as us congressmen on the issue and was alert to any possible negative impact.
the matter will also figure during prime minister narendra modis visit to the us, she said, but did not give the date of his travel.
modi is expected to visit the country by the month-end.
some of the other major points made by swaraj during the press interaction are -- india to raise airspace violation issue with china after chinese choppers flew over chamoli district.
india opposed chinas one belt one road (obor) project as it violated indias sovereignty which was not acceptable.
china will be forced to rethink as other countries while participating in the obor meet, conveyed their view on territorial integrity and sovereignty.
india is also involved in various connectivity projects, including the bangladesh-bhutan-india-nepal (bbin) initiative, the bangladesh-china-india-myanmar forum for regional cooperation (bcim) and chahbahar port in iran, but goes by principles on maintenance of territorial integrity and sovereignty of other countries.
india wants countries which back its bid for nsg membership and are friends with china, to talk to beijing on the issue.
indias nsg membership to be credential-based and not criteria-based.
india wants to resolve all issues with pakistan bilaterally, but talks and terror cannot go together.
no flip-flop in indias policy on pakistan.
pakistan cant take kashmir issue to international court of justice (icj).
kashmir can only be resolved bilaterally.
arab nations, including saudi arabia and egypt, cutting ties with qatar is an internal matter of the gulf cooperation council (gcc).
india is only ascertaining if any of its nationals are getting adversely impacted by it.
all issues pertaining to chahbahar port have been resolved.
all the projects are reviewed by me every three months and by the prime minister, every six months.
so, the pace of these projects are picking up.
fishermen issue is of primary importance to the government, which has taken several steps to address it jointly with the sri lankan government.
there cannot be any timeline in finalising teesta waters agreement with bangladesh as there has to be consensus among the centre, the west bengal government and the bangladesh government.
the government is looking into concerns expressed by west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on the sharing of teesta waters.
totally baseless pakistani allegations that afghanistan was afraid of india and that was the reason for kabul to blame islamabad for terror attacks there.
the ministry will not hesitate in utilising budgetary allocation to bring back indians stuck abroad.
there is no decision on modi visiting the maldives.
the prime minister and the external affairs minister have covered all the saarc countries.
indias relations with west asia have become one of the best.
80,000 people stranded abroad brought back to india in the last three years.
there is a 37.
5 per cent increase in fdi since nda government took over three years ago.
on being pointed out by an anchor during a television programme in march that he had the image of an anti-hindu leader, samajwadi party president akhilesh yadav said he would tweet pictures of religious functions at his house to prove he was also a hindu.
replying to the query, akhilesh said: as always, i will observe fast for all the nine days during navratri but this time i will release a picture of puja paath (religious programmes) at my home so that people may know i am also a hindu.
akhilesh might have made the remark in a lighter vein, but he kept his word by tweeting a picture of his wife and kannauj mp dimple yadav offering food to kanyas (girls) on ram navmi.
the post, captioned kanya pujan ka saubhagya, garnered 1.
71 lakh likes on facebook and 29,000 on twitter, besides thousands of shares and re-tweets as on april 2.
this is not a one-off case.
many secular politicians are trying to be demonstratively hindu by wearing their religious identity on their sleeves  something they had been refraining from in the past.
during gujarat assembly elections, congress leader rahul gandhis visits to temples sporting a janeu (sacred threat) raised many eyebrows.
his temple visits continued when he visited his lok sabha constituency amethi in january this year after being appointed the congress president.
before entering his constituency, he made a point to pay obeisance at lord hanuman temple in bachhrawan.
rahul also participated in khichdi puja in rae bareli, the parliamentary constituency of his mother sonia gandhi, on the occasion of makar sankranti.
he has also been visiting temples in karnataka where assembly elections are due in april-may.
bharatiya janata party spokesman chandramohan said besides akhilesh yadav and rahul gandhi, even west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee was trying to prove she was not anti-hindu.
in january this year, an mla of mamatabanerjee banerjees trinamool congress held a brahmin sammelan in birbhum district where 15,000 brahmins were reportedly presented a copy of the bhagavad gita.
what rahul, akhilesh and mamatabanerjee are doing is a desperate bid to correct their anti-hindu bias, chandramohan said, adding the public was intelligent enough to see through their game.
the bjp too, is not far behind.
facing competition, many bjp leaders have been trying to outdo their rivals in demonstrating their hindu identity.
on ram navami, bjps national spokesman sambit patra appeared on a television debate with his entire forehead covered with a tilak.
to show his love for hindu religion, mohsin raza, the only muslim minister in the yogi adityanath government, offered prayers at hanuman temple in lucknow on hanuman jayanti.
later, he made it a point to make the pictures public.
during tv debates, especially on hindu festivals, spokesmen for various parties are seen wearing tilak on their foreheads, tying a kalava (sacred red thread) on their wrist or having the idols of gods and goddesses behind them while connected from home or office.
they also begin by greeting the audience on the festival to send out right signals.
according to rajesh mishra, a social scientist, some non-bjp parties are resorting to hindu religious symbols due to their sense of insecurity.
the bjps surge to power riding the hindutva plank has created a sense of insecurity in many non-bjp parties that are trying to adopt soft hindutva by publicly bearing hindu religious identities, he said.
accusing the bjp of taking its communal agenda to a new low, senior congress leader satya dev tripathi said the saffron party was trying to portray its opponents as anti-hindu.
it is high time we replied to the bjp in the same coin by conveying the message that we are as much hindus as anyone else.
so far as rahul gandhi is concerned, he has been visiting all religious shrines  be it temples, churches, or gurudwaras  as a true secular leader, he said.
mishra, however, said the trend of leaders consciously demonstrating hindu religious symbols was not good either for secularism or for democracy.
the non-bjp parties should continue to mobilise people on secular issues like poverty, unemployment and corruption rather than resorting to soft hindutva, he said.
at a recent panel discussion to launch a book of essays by senior lawyer and congress spokesperson, abhishek singhvi, i pushed the speakers to define what secularism is.
singhvis introductory chapter identifies secularism as the first principle of indian democracy.
as a philosophical notion of diversity and a constitutional guarantee of equality, of course i entirely agree.
it is what makes india unique and wonderful.
but i was more interested in exploring whether it still holds as a marker of political differentiation.
hasnt secularism become corroded and compromised as an electoral slogan?
dinesh trivedi of the trinamool congress retorted  rather candidly  this secularism debate is all politics.
he wasnt dissing the idea of religious pluralism which he said was innate to india; his remark was on the electoral squabble over the word.
but perhaps nothing illustrates the fact that the old political silos no longer apply than the meeting between his partys boss mamatabanerjee and the shiva senas uddhav thackeray.
unlike his father, uddhav is someone i have often described as the reluctant fundamentalist.
but notwithstanding his seeming discomfort with the traditional militant parochialism of his party, it would be hard for anyone to call the sena a secular force.
yet, an unfazed west bengal chief minister said she respects shiv sena; no one is more communal than the bjp.
since then, uddhav has become an unlikely rallying force for the anti-modi federal front, even though he hasnt yet left the alliance with the bjp in maharashtra.
the message is clear: the rhetoric notwithstanding, in the run-up to 2019, the pivot around which the non-bjp parties will organise themselves will be regionalism and federalism  and not secularism.
the anti-narendra modi sentiment among these state satraps is higher than an anti-bjp ideology per se.
in any case, most of the regional political protagonists have had alliances and understandings with the bjp in the past.
naveen patnaik, mamatabanerjee , nitish kumar, mayawati, n chandrababu naidu, k chandrasekhar rao have all either been in alliance with the bjp or showered praise on its leadership at different points of time.
nitish kumars janata dal united  stung by three consecutive losses to the tejashwi yadav-led rjd  has begun to murmur its disenchantment with the bjp, amid rumours that a faction could split under sharad yadav.
in fact, nothing better represents the demise of secularism as a meaningful political slogan more than the bihar chief ministers fickleness.
nitish was hailed by liberals as a secular alternative to modi.
last year, before nitish walked into the arms of the bjp, historian ramachandra guha suggested that the congress back nitish as its prime ministerial candidate.
he is a leader without a party, guha told me, and the congress is a party without a leader.
but neither nitishs alliance with the bjp, nor his second exit, should it come later this year, will have anything to do with secularism or an antithetical ideology.
his decisions will be a by-product of realpolitik.
the oppositions win in kairana has offered a ready blueprint for what lies ahead  alliances, arithmetic and an attempt to make the elections as local as modi will try and make them presidential.
on this chessboard of moves  and despite jayant chaudharys memorable winning line  ganna, not jinnah  the organising principle of the arrangement of power will be regional blocs, caste calculations and the cementing of anti-modi calculations.
dont be surprised if the shiv sena joins such a federal front officially revealing that the old rules of secularism have changed.
no one is a political pariah any more.
and the traditional notions of left vs right have collapsed.
the party that will be hurt the most by the ascent of regional forces and their localised identities will be the congress.
for years the congress has argued that the fundamental difference between it and the bjp is that it is secular.
but now  unless wins in rajasthan and madhya pradesh can tilt the scales  the congress not just has to play second fiddle in a rainbow coalition of regional parties; it also has to accept that these state forces will set the narrative.
most likely the political fault line in 2019 will be hindutva vs caste disruptions.
the congress displayed its confusion on the secularism issue by showing visible anxiety about the right-wing labelling it anti-hindu and pro-muslim.
its slightly vague attempt to be hindu lite to the bjps hard hindutva hasnt got it significant gains yet.
as it wraps its head around how best to define a new version of secularism  different from the nehruvian ideal  the regional parties have bypassed the question altogether.
the janata dal (u) on sunday distanced itself from its national vice president and poll strategist prashant kishor helping west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee , asking why questions were not raised when kishor helped jagan mohan reddy in andhra pradesh.
the jd(u) has no connection with kishors professional firm.
nobody questioned when he (kishor) worked for jagan mohan reddy in andhra pradesh.
the jd(u) wants mamatabanerjee banerjees trinamool congress (tmc) to lose west bengal, said jd(u) national general secretary and spokesman kc tyagi after the national executive meeting here.
also read:mamata reaches out to prashant kishor for 2021 polls.
this time, he says yesit was being speculated that the bjp, which is leaving no stone unturned to dethrone mamatabanerjee in the assembly elections to be held in 2021, is not happy with kishors intervention in west bengal to help the tmc.
kishor is doing well in the party in accordance with the role he has been assigned, said tyagi.
at the meet, kishor was sitting beside cm nitish kumar, who is also the jd(u) national president.
however, there was no explanation from the master poll strategist as he did not speak during the meet.
on saturday, nitish kumar had stated that kishor would explain the reason for his firms association with the bengal cm.
also read:hell tell about it himself: nitish on prashant kishor in mamatabanerjee teammany in the opposition dubbed kishors act as an apparent snub to the bjp, particularly after nitish kumar declined to accept the one berth being offered in the nda government at the centre.
nitish called bjps offer of one berth a symbolic representation.
in an alliance, our feeling was that there should be a proportional representation,m nitish was quoted at saying at the time.
kishor, who helped jagan mohan reddy sweep andhra pradesh, was inducted into the jd(u) in september 2017.
earlier, he also extended his professional support to the congress in punjab that led to the formation of amarinder singh-led government there in 2017.
west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee is pushing her bureaucrats and ministers to deliver on development projects by september-october in the firm belief that the 2019 lok sabha polls could be advanced to any time later this year.
in both private conversations and public meetings, the trinamool congress (tmc) chief is saying that the general elections may be brought forward suddenly and they have to be ready with completion of the development projects.
the polls might be announced any time.
so be ready.
i will not tolerate any lapse or delay in completion of development projects, the chief minister said in an administrative meeting in howrah district on thursday.
submit reports on the development projects funded by your mplad schemes by september, she told party mps.
she had earlier said that it suits the purpose of development work if all the seats are won by the ruling party in the state.
bengal has 42 lok sabha seats out of which bharatiya janata party (bjp) president amit shah wants to win at least 22.
for the tmc chief, the 2019 lok sabha polls are extremely significant because she has stepped out of her state politics to help set up an anti-bjp front of regional parties at the national level.
over the last few weeks she has held meetings, or spoken on phone with leaders of a number of parties, from the dmk to shiv sena, telangana rashtra samithi to patidar movement leader hardik patel of gujarat.
she has also recently redistributed administrative and political responsibilities within the party and government to focus on this new role.
it is clear thatas the polls will draw near, bjps religious polarisation tactics will become nastier.
if the chief ministers assumption of polls being brought forward comes true, we will have to be ready for it,said a senior member in her cabinet.
according to state panchayat minister subrata mukherjee, since trinamool congress came to power in may 2011, their focus had been overall development.
carrying out development work has been the reason for our increasing support.
on the one hand, we will continue our programme, and on the other, we will weave our campaign around this theme, said mukherjee, the seniormost minister in the bengal cabinet.
another cabinet member said that besides highlighting the development work of the state government, the chief minister also instructed them to campaign on how non-cooperation from the union government in releasing the states dues are creating problems for the cash-starved administration.
we would project that despite such constraints the state government is not neglecting development of the state, said a minister.
party mp and chief ministers nephew abhishek mamatabanerjee has already become the most prominent face leading the agitation programmes on the streets of kolkata.
two persons were shot dead and five wounded on thursday in bhatpara area of west bengals north 24 parganas district following clashes between two groups, even as ruling trinamool congress (tmc) and opposition bharatiya janata party (bjp) traded charges over the latest outbreak of violence in the state.
authorities imposed section 144, prohibiting assembly of more than four persons, in bhatpara and jagatdal areas of west bengals north 24 parganas district as local police struggled to restore order in the area after groups of miscreants allegedly attacked locals with crude bombs and firearms.
the injured were taken to a hospital in kolkata, where they were undergoing surgeries and are reportedly in critical condition, locals were quoted by news channels as saying.
the clashes started around 10.
30am with reports of crude bombs being thrown in the area.
cctv footages aired on local television news channels showed men, their faces covered with pieces of cloth, hurling crude bombs down a narrow lane.
rapid action force and quick response teams were deployed to bring the situation on the control, district officials said.
a few hours after the clash, crude bombs were seen lying on the streets in the area.
locals also pointed out a bullet hole in a steel shutter of a shop.
officers said the hole indicated firing from high-calibre weapon.
after a meeting at the state secretariat with the chief secretary and senior police officers, home secretary alapan bandyopadhyay said prohibitory orders under section 144 of the criminal procedure code prohibiting the assembly of more than four persons have been imposed on areas under bhatpara and jagaddal police stations.
meanwhile, bharatiya janata party (bjp) west bengal president and lok sabha mp dilip ghosh and barrackpore mp arjun singh alleged that the police had opened fire on locals in the area.
senior bjp leader mukul roy said that the local police have turned trigger-happy and alleged west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee was responsible for the clashes.
a bjp delegation would visit the area and meet the family members of the deceased.
we will also send a report to the centre, said bjp national general secretary kailash vijayvargiya.
bandyopadhyay did not comment on whether the police resorted to firing.
the additional director general of police (south bengal) was given special charge of barrackpore police to restore order in the area.
in the afternoon, the director general of police was asked to visit the area even as a crowd threw stones at the vehicle of assistant commissioner of barrackpore police.
officials said that the chief minister expressed deep unhappiness at the ongoing violence and the failure of the police in seizing weapons in the area.
she ordered arrests irrespective of political colour, an officer told reporters.
one of those who died was identified as rambabu shaw, a roadside vendor.
he was hit by a bullet in his head, one of his relative told reporters.
the other person who died in the clashes was identified by locals as dharamvir shaw.
clashes are taking place all over the state and there is anarchy everywhere.
both the persons fell to police bullets, said vijayvargiya.
keeping poll and post-poll violence in mind, the barrackpore police commissionerate had decided to set up a new police station in bhatpara to bring the law and order situation under control.
the facility is yet to be inaugurated.
barrackpore bjp mp arjun singh blamed the police for the deaths and the failure to restore law and order in the area.
both were killed by the police, singh said.
countering the bjp comments, north 24 parganas tmc district chief jyoti priya mallick alleged that the clashes were a result of infighting among bjp workers.
tmc minister tapas roy said, those who did not want a new police station to be set up in the area were fanning trouble in the area.
arjun singh and his followers are indulging in politics of violence.
the police are trying to restore order, said tmcs madan mitra, former minister who unsuccessfully contested the assembly bypoll in bhatpara last month.
incidentally, bhatpara and kankinara areas suffered violence for a few days since the last phase of the lok sabha elections on may 19.
the area turned restive after four-time tmc legislator arjun singh switched over to the bjp before the polls and defeated the ruling party candidate in the barrackpore lok sabha constituency.
siwan ex-mp mohammed shahabuddin may be lodged in delhis tihar jail but his importance for the rjd does not seem to have diminished.
on sunday, rjd chief lalu prasad sang paeans to the siwan strongman in his native place and even admitted his conversation with the former mp while in a bihar jail, as featured in an audio tape aired by a tv news channel in may.
yes, i did have a talk with shahabuddin when he was in jail.
he had complained about the trouble brewing in siwan during ram navami and how the sp was not discharging his duties properly, he said.
prasad also referred to the bad publicity he had faced after the tape was aired, for talking to a criminal.
but i am grateful to shahabuddin for not switching loyalties, he said, claiming that ex-mp had refused to leave rjd despite being asked to do so by cm kumar once.
shahabuddin is following the law, he said, referring to the former mps incarceration in tihar jail.
sources said lalus praise for shahabuddin was to show solidarity with the siwan strongman, knowing well the latters considerable clout among muslims in the siwan-gopalganj-saran region of north bihar.
it was also intended to drum up support for his upcoming rally against the bjp at gandhi maidan in patna on august 27.
the rjd chief is addressing the muslim constituency more aggressively now, realizing how the bjp and jd (u) having joining hands to form a government may alter rjds poll prospects in the three districts, where polarisation on caste and religious lines is a deciding factor in poll victory, said an rjd leader.
in the november 2005 and 2010 assembly polls, the nda had won a big number of seats in this region, breaking rjds dominance in the three districts, as also in other north bihar districts.
this is perhaps why prasad, on sunday, inducted into the rjd former minister awadh bihari choudhary, who had left the rjd in 2012 and had lost the 2015 assembly polls as an independent candidate.
during his address, the rjd chief took potshots at cm kumar for joining hands with bjp to form a new government by breaking ranks with the grand alliance, saying he had now become popular as paltu ram.
he also reiterated the demand for a cbi probe into the allegedly fraudulent transfer of funds from government accounts to account of an ngo, srijan, in bhagalpur.
we will not allow the matter to be hushed up.
the government is only arresting lower rung officials whereas big people are involved.
deputy cm sushil kumar modi should be dismissed (for his alleged culpability in the scam), he said.
referring to the august 27 rally, prasad said it would be attended by big anti-bjp leaders including congress president sonia gandhi, tmc chief mamatabanerjee , bsp chief mayawati, sp president akhilesh yadav and others.
prasad also showed his usual wit when he invited all to come to the rally wt, clarifying the acronym wt should be understood as with ticket.
controversial kolkata cleric noor-ur-rehman barkati said on friday he will remove the red beacon atop his car if prime minister narendra modi and other minister scrapped their security arrangements.
barkati, the imam of kolkatas tipu sultan mosque, stirred a controversy this week when he refused to comply with a central government order to remove red beacons atop all cars, saying the british had permitted its use.
let the prime minister and his cabinet members give up their security including black cat commandoes, and other privileges such as flying in helicopters, and i will give up my red beacon, a defiant barkati told the media.
the imam reiterated that chief minister mamatabanerjee didnt ask him to take the beacon off.
a police complaint was lodged against him late on thursday night, demanding his arrest.
this was the second police complaint against the imam, who flaunts his proximity to mamatabanerjee banerjee.
on january 8, a complaint was lodged against the controversial cleric demanding his arrest after he slammed prime minister narendra modi and issued a fatwa against the bjp leader.
the imam described the police complaints against him as awards for him.
the rss are trying to create a divide between the hindus and muslims.
if rss members are so brave they should go to the borders and fight, barkati remarked.
he also said that if he were given the charge of the armed forces, he would give a fitting reply to pakistan.
make me the general and i will show how to fight the enemies of the country.
we know how to fight, barkati said.
reacting to cpi(m)s jibe that his statement was actually helping rss to spread its tentacles in west bengal, barkati said, first let the left parties put up a fight against rss.
they day they will do so, i will shut my mouth.
asked whether he had a word with the chief minister on the police complaint filed against him, barkati said he did not feel it necessary to speak to her on every issue.
barkati is better known as the fatwa imam for issuing fatwas against personalities ranging from taslima nasreen to narendra modi.
other prominent names to have drawn his ire include author salman rushdie and canadian columnist tarek fateh.
the exiled bangladeshi author, nasreen, in fact, had three fatwas issued against her -- once in 2004 for her anti-islamic comments, then in 2006 and again in 2007.
while the cpi-m alleged that it was part of her strategy to bargain with prime minister narendra modi, the bjp said she would backtrack when muslims take out muharram processions with weapons.
read: sangh parivar organise unprecedented ram navami celebration across bengalbanerjee made the announcement at a government programme in purulia district, hours after left parties and a section of the intelligentsia criticised the bjp, rss and some hindu groups for parading school children and teenage boys and girls with swords, axes, knives and machetes on wednesday.
only sikhs have the right to carry kirpans in public and they enjoy legal exemption.
if any other group hits the streets with weapons, action will be taken in accordance with law.
if one religious group carries weapons today, another will follow suit tomorrow.
are we supposed to witness war on our streets?
i am not going to let this happen, said banerjee.
in some places of bengal even children and women were seen carrying swords and axes in the processions.
(samir jana)it was apparent that the chief minister was referring to imposition of the indian arms act as demanded by a section of lawyers and pro-trinamool intellectuals.
mamata mamatabanerjee is scared, and this announcement is the proof.
trishuls and swords are worshipped by hindus, not used in crime.
it is her people who carry bombs and pistols and indulge in violence.
they have turned bengal into an armoury.
however, while making the announcement, she possibly forgot that muslims also carry swords during muharram.
during the coming muharram she will back out, rahul sinha, bjp general secretary told ht.
read: rama in bengal: popular in tales, not so popular as deity, point out expertsleader of the left legislative party, sujan chakraborty said: had she been serious about stopping display of arms, the administration would have stopped the organisers well in advance.
but it didnt.
this is just a part of the tactics to bargain with the centre for more goodies.
cpi-m state secretary suryakanta mishra was more aggressive.
the trinamool leadership offered active support to the ram navami rally organisers.
in fact, at kharagpur, state bjp president and local mla, dilip ghosh, were seen celebrating with the local trinamool councillor.
if the bjp was worshipping rama, the trinamool was busy playing its disciple by worshipping hanuman across bengal, said mishra.
although the bengal chief minister went to purulia to address an administrative meeting and announce some projects, she turned the focus on ram navami and chanted at least five mantras addressed to hindu gods.
narrating before the audience how she earnestly follows hindu rituals, the chief minister said, i respect all religions and that is bengals culture.
indiaupdated: aug 13, 2019 20:24 istat least seven weeks before the actual festivities are supposed to begin, durga puja has brought alive the political theatre of bengal with the trinamool congress party locking horns with the bjp over income tax notices sent to several puja committees.
we think the i-t letter to various puja committees is an attack on the biggest festivities and emotion of the bengalis, who wait for an entire year for durga puja.
our demonstration is to protest the act of the centre, said kakoli ghosh dastidar, a lok sabha mp and the chief of banga janani vahini (bjv), a tmc wing.
durga puja is set to be held between october 4 and october 8 this year.
dastidar suggested the i-t notices were an unnecessary inconvenience.
a lot of muslim women are involved in pith artwork (that is used to decorate the deities).
those who erect pandals are not all hindus.
dogged by i-t notice, will the organsiers hold the puja or keep accounts?
asked dastidar.
she also wondered why i-t notices were suddenly being served on pujas that have been held for hundreds of years.
bjps bengal unit general secretary sayantan basu stung back: i-t department sending a notice does not mean the committees have to submit returns.
trinamool congress is alleging unfounded things and it indicates how nervous they are.
he also alleged that earlier ponzi scam funds were used to organise durga pujas and it was appropriate that the source of funds for durga puja was known.
at the dharna spot, kolkata mayor and urban development minister firhad hakim said,our agitation would continue till centres attack on durga puja continues.
he also said that none would be associated with puja committees if they find that they have to regularly visit i-t offices.
bengal bjp unit vice-president jay prakash majumdar said, the state government gives grants to durga puja committees, and some accounting processes according to the law of the land have to be complied with.
actually, the ruling party is trying to turn it into a political issue.
she (mamata banerjee) is unnecessarily politicising the issue.
the i-t department has no intention of harming durga puja festivities, said bjp national secretary rahul sinha.
sharpening attack on the bjp, trinamool congress secretary general and education minister partha chatterjee said, those who said before the lok sabha elections that mamatabanerjee obstructs durga puja in bengal are now trying to put roadblocks for bengals biggest festival.
on sunday, chief minister mamatabanerjee took to twitter to criticise the move in a series of three posts.
these festivals are for all and we do not want any pujo festival to be taxed.
this will be a burden on the organizers.
#bangla govt withdrew tax, which was earlier there, on ganga sagar mela.
we protest and demand no taxation on durga pujo and durga pujo committees, read one of her tweets.
however, partha ghosh, president of forum for durgotsab (ffd) that has 353 puja committee in kolkata as its members, said on sunday that the i- t department did not ask puja committees to pay taxes.
we have not been asked to pay taxes.
we have been asked to inform the i-t department about payments of rs 30,000 or above made to any person or company, so that the i-t department could investigate if the recipients of the money are paying taxes, ghosh said.
according to ghoshs estimates, of the 353 committees about 50 organise big pujas and make payments worth rs 30,000 and above to idol makers, theme designers and pandal decorators and other service providers.
durga puja had also become a centre of political controversy in the last two years.
in 2017 and 2018, the bengal government restricted the timing of durga puja immersion processions arguing that it was important to maintain communal harmony by ensuring that the processions of durga immersion and muharram did not clash.
during the lok sabha election campaign, bjp leaders including prime minister narendra modi, bjp national president amit shah and uttar pradesh chief minister yodi adityanath repeatedly attacked mamatabanerjee for the step.
after cracking down on private schools and hospitals with the objective of controlling their fee and cost of treatment, the mamatabanerjee government has decided to clamp down on private hostels, lodges and guest houses by fixing their rates on the basis of their location and amenities offered.
those hotels and lodges that would abide by the fee structure will get a certificate of adherence from the tourism department and will be promoted on the website of the department.
read: heres why music tourism stands out among top travel trends for 2018star rated hotels will, however, be kept outside the purview of the regulatory plan.
according to bengal tourism minister gautam deb, the government wants to ensure that tourists who cannot afford star-rated hotels get a minimum level of comfort and amenities in private hotels at reasonable rates.
it is quite possible that some hotel authorities might like to follow their own tariff structure.
in that case they will not feature in the website of the state tourism department.
most tourists coming from other states check the website of the department for accommodation facilities.
hotels having state governments certificate of adherence will naturally attract more tourists than those without it, said deb.
read: budget 2018: finance ministry planning tax cuts to boost tourism, travelthe minister also said that he does not know of any state following this practice.
an official of the state government said the proposal was mooted following two sorts of complaints against a section of the private hotels and lodges.
first, they charge exorbitant prices during the peak tourist seasons.
second, often the amenities they promise are simply not there, said the official who did not wish to be named.
the government is drawing up a multi-slab tariff depending on location and amenities.
things such as size and quality of rooms, toilets, beds and furniture, adequacy of water supply facilities will determine the tariff.
rooms with air-conditioning, hot water supply, tv sets and wi fi facilities among others, will attract higher tariff.
read: asking foreigners for selfies is intrusion of their privacy: tourism ministerlast year chief minister mamatabanerjee cracked the whip on private hospitals and schools and asked them rein in their bills and fee structure for the benefit of the common people.
on february 22, 2017, she held a meeting with several prominent private hospital authorities, where she pulled up some of them for shoddy service and overcharging patients.
she also set up a health regulatory commission for the people to take their complaints against hospitals to.
on may 31, 2017, she met the authorities of some private schools, some of which faced her wrath for exorbitant fee structure.
at the meeting, she constituted a committee with representatives from the government as well as the private schools to regulate the fee structure of schools.
a trinamool congress (tmc) councillor of budge budge municipality, 35 km south of kolkata was critically injured after he was shot inside a party office monday night, police saidmithun thikadar was rushed to a private hospital in south kolkata where his condition was stated to be serious.
he was shot in the chest and abdomen.
the two assailants also hurled bombs at him while escaping.
trinamool workers who were present inside the party office during the attack identified the assailants as kamal khan and muhammad kaif.
kamal and kaif were involved in the attack.
mithun named them while he was still conscious.
the attack must have been planned by bharatiya janata party because they are our biggest rival, alleged gautam dasgupta, district trinamool leader and vice-chairman of budge budge municipality.
the bjp dismissed the tmcs charge.
trinamool leaders have realised that their regime is coming to an end.
all these clashes are results of infighting over personal interests.
the names of the alleged assailants should make it apparent that bjp cannot be involved in this, said bjp national secretary rahul sinha.
incidentally, thikadar too allegedly opened fire at local youths during a dispute during durga puja in october last year.
we are investigating whether there is a link between the two incidents, said a district police officer who did not wish to be identified.
this is the second attack on a bengal trinammol leader in less in nine days.
on february 9, krishnaganj mla from nadia district satyajit biswas was shot dead by some assailants while he was watching a cultural programme near a saraswati puja pandal, not far from his home.
avijitpundari, the prime suspect in the murder was arrested in west midnapore district on monday morning.
hours before he was attacked, thikadar attended a programme organised to mark the inauguration of a road bridge by trinamool mp and chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjees nephew abhisek banerjee.
he was seen beside mamatabanerjee on the dais.
congress president rahul gandhis iftar party on wednesday became a meeting ground of several opposition leaders, with talks centring on political issues and the need for state-level unity ahead of the upcoming elections.
it also saw large-scale participation by representatives of the muslim community.
gandhi sat next to pranab mukherjee, in an apparent signal that the former presidents controversial visit to the rashtriya swayamsevak sangh headquarters was a thing of the past.
former president pratibha patil, former vice president hamid ansari, communist party of india (marxist) chief sitaram yechury, senior bahujan samaj party leader satish mishra, dravida munnetra kazhagams kanimozhi and trinamools dinesh trivedi were also present at the table.
this was the second such gathering of the opposition forces after united progressive alliance chairperson sonia gandhis dinner in march this year.
according to observers, gandhi referred to prime minister narendra modis new fitness video posted on twitter and asked if others had seen it.
he then quipped: i found it bizarre.
its bizarre.
he was also heard asking mukherjee about his views on the unprecedented us-north korea summit.
yechury told mishra how the left parties were protesting against cases of atrocities against dalits and muslims.
he also told him that the bsp, samajwadi party and congress must have a state-level pact for the 2019 polls.
mishra and yechury maintained that a pre-poll nationwide alliance was not feasible.
the larger message is that almost all opposition parties came for the iftar and interacted with each other.
this unity is our message to the dalits and the minorities,  said a senior opposition leader who sat at the same table with gandhi.
a muslim leader of the opposition said: at a time when the bjp has abandoned the culture and practice of iftar in delhi, this is a good signal to the community.
rashtriya janata dal leader manoj jha, rebel janata dal (united) leader sharad yadav, jharkhand mukti morchas hemant soren, janata dal (secular) leader danish ali, all india united democratic front chief badruddin ajmal and a lawmaker from the indian union muslim league were among the others who attended the iftar along with several top diplomats.
the samajwadi party was conspicuous by absence despite an invitation to its chief akhilesh yadav and senior party leader ramgopal yadav.
the bjp, however, took jibes at the congress for hosting the iftar for political engineering.
we talk about development and dignity.
.
.
the congresss iftar is for political engineering.
no one has ever tried to organise an iftar for social engineering.
we have done it, especially when we are talking about muslim women, triple talaq and other issues related to their empowerment, minority affairs minister mukhtar abbas naqvi said, comparing his iftar with the one held by the congress.
gandhi asked trivedi to send his regard to trinamool chief mamatabanerjee banerjee.
the west bengal chief minister is reportedly trying to prop up a federal front with the congress playing the secondary role.
alleging that bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee created obstacles impeding the speedy development that he delivered in other states, prime minister narendra modi on wednesday described her as speed breaker didi and urged the people to remove the hindrance from the way.
i have not been able to deliver development in bengal at the pace that i have achieved in other states.
this state has a speed breaker which is known as didi, remarked modi.
incidentally, assembly elections will be held in bengal in 2021 and bjp leaders have been saying in public rallies that the 2019 lok sabha polls will mark the beginning of the end for trinamool congress rule.
modi alleged she (didi) does not care about the poor.
if poverty is removed, her politics will end.
the same is true for the cpi(m), remarked the prime minister.
the bjp leader also stung trinamool congress leaders on the ponzi scams, alleging that they ran away with the money deposited in the schemes.
in a veiled threat apparently meant for state officials, modi said, those who are on the payroll of the tmc and are often found spreading terror, will soon be taken to task.
this rally in siliguri was modis fourth public rally in west bengal this year and the first after the election dates were announced on march 10.
modi also lashed out at the bengal chief minister for pulling out of the ayushman bharat insurance project.
he also accused speed breaker didi for not implementing pm kisan samman yojana in the state as well as the real estate regulations act that his government brought to protect the middle class investing their hard-earned money in apartments.
modi also assured the gorkha people that they will not be harmed if a citizenship screening exercise is conducted in the state.
the crowd here indicates that the boat of the trinamool congress has capsized, said modi.
political equation in the volatile darjeeling hills in west bengal took an unexpected turn on monday with the ruling trinamool congress (tmc) forging an alliance with the gorkha national liberation front (gnlf) for the ensuing polls for four municipalities in the hills.
mamata banerjees party has also pressed three senior state ministers to hold a meeting with the gnlf leaders at kurseong in darjeeling district to thrash out the details.
read: losing ground to trinamool, gorkha janmukti morcha raises gorkhaland issue before modi, nda partnersafter the meeting pwd minister aroop biswas who is also in charge of the party in darjeeling hills announced the alliance between the tmc and the gnlf for the may 14 municipal elections in darjeeling, kalimpong, kurseong and mirik.
the meeting was also attended by mann ghisingh, the gnlf president and the son of the party founder subash ghisingh.
mahindra chettri, the gnlf general secretary, told hindustan times our immediate aim is to defeat the gjm.
gjm chief bimal gurung is the most powerful leader in the darjeeling hills, but trinamool congress is nibbling away at his support base.
(ht photo)gnlf has been demanding the inclusion of darjeeling hills under the sixth schedule of the constitution.
tmc was earlier opposed to the gnlfs demand as it had once backed the gorkha janmukti morcha (gjm) during its movement against the gnlfs sixth schedule demand.
gjm and gnlf, both of which profess to champion the cause of the gorkhas, are bitter opponents in darjeeling.
read: kalimpong district may stoke gorkhaland firethough gnlf backed tmc in the 2014 lok sabha election from darjeeling and in 2016 state assembly election, mamatabanerjee banerjees party lost the contest to gjm that is led by bimal gurung, who was once with gnlf but quit to set up gjm.
the announcement of alliance between gnlf and tmc came at a time when political pundits were speculating that tmc might join hands with jan andolan party (jap) led by harka bhadur chettri, former kalimpong mla of the gorkha janmukti morcha (gjm).
chettri broke away from the gjm and formed the jap.
chief minister mamatabanerjee has set up 15 development boards for different communities in the hills.
the move is seen as a strategy to win their support.
(ht photo)chettri once believed to be close to the state chief minister mamatabanerjee was backed by the tmc during the assembly election from kalimpong seat in 2016.
but recently mamata-chettri relation took a nose dive.
the mondays development came in the wake of the japs announcement to go alone in the municipality elections.
read: exclusive park for mountain bikers in darjeelingpolitical observers said tmc forged an alliance with the gnlf after it saw a bleak possibility to rope in the jap to fight against the might of the gjm led by bimal gurung.
though biswas said that the alliance with the gnlf is limited to the municipal polls and for development issues, a senior gnlf leader said tmc wants the gnlf to prove its support base in the hills before the party and the government back its demand for sixth schedule.
the downfall of the gnlf that absolutely ruled the darjeeling gorkha hill council (dghc) since 1988 started after the gjm formed in 2007 opposed the sixth schedule demand and spearheaded the movement for separate state of gorkhaland.
darjeeling holds a special place in bengal and it is believed in the political circles that it is almost impossible for any political party ruling the state to let the hills go.
(ht photo)the relation between the state government and the gjm soured after the state government formed several development boards for different hill communities much against the wish of the gjm that is in control of the autonomous body gorkhaland territorial administration (gta) since 2012.
the gta that is fighting for separate state of gorkhaland considers the formation of development board as the state governments interference in the functioning of the gta and a ploy to divide hill communities.
gjm assistant secretary binay tamang told hindustan times the alliance between the tmc and the gnlf that has no support base in the hills will not make any difference to the partys wining prospect.
hill people want gorkhaland and they will give a befitting reply to the state government and the tmc indulging in the politics of dividing hill communities.
read: darjeeling tmc loads poriborton gunjap spokesperson harka bhadur chettri told hindustan times that the party will go all alone in the municipal polls no matter what may be the result.
we are in favour of clean politics and we dont see any party matching our expectation, chettri said.
tamang strongly believes that the tmc and the jap are all likely to forge alliance at least for kalimpong municipality election.
unlike in darjeeling, kurseong and mirik, tmc has not yet launched an aggressive campaign against gjm in kalimpong.
this, according to tamang, is to give political leverage to the jap at least in kalimpong - the newly formed district.
if the ongoing high decibel mumbai civic poll battle pitch is anything to go by, on february 21, citizens of the maximum city will have to choose between shiv sena, a party of extortionists and bjp, a party of goons.
this is not the usual name-calling by the opposition, but how allies, who share power in maharashtra and the centre, describe each other as the campaign for the countrys richest civic body heats up.
chief minister devendra fadnavis has been called a half-baked idiot and sena chief uddhav thackeray has won the sobriquet of being the godfather of mafias.
in the 25-year history of the saffron alliance in the state, forged under the hindutva ideology, this is the lowest the parties have sunk to so far in their bid to gain control of mumbai, a sena bastion for the last three decades and a source of its resources.
and the bjp-led government, which banks on the strongest alliance-186 seats from bjps 123 and senas 63-in the last 20 years, faces a crisis.
both the sides have also made tactical breaches, which may make compromise difficult in future.
the sena has flirted with bjps arch enemies-west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee to oppose demonetisation and gujarat patidar leader, hardik patel over tie-up.
the bjp state unit has retaliated by accusing mumbais first family of money laundering and hafta vasooli (extortion).
so, how did the state of the alliance get so rotten?
the third wheel for bjpfight for control puts allies at odds bjp and shiv senas strained ties in the run up to mumbai civic polls threaten to topple maharashtra govt root of split shiv senas identity as a regional party is deeply linked with mumbai and its marathi manoos.
bjps ambition for mumbai threatened sena, with thackeray saying the split happened because he could not watch on while his ally encroached on his home by alleging corruption in the civic body, bjp has blamed shiv sena for the mess in the city three possible scenarios sena pulls out of govt, ncp stays outif uddhav decides to walk out of the bjp govt, fadnavis will have to prepare for a floor test.
with ncp now saying it will not offer outside support to the govt, the three main parties will have the strength of 146 seats together as opposed to bjps 123.
bjp will need 22 more legilsators to reach the magic figure of 145 in the house sena pulls out, ncp backs bjpalthough pawar has said he will not support bjp, he is known for changing his political stance.
if ncp supports bjp from outside, the fadnavis govt will stay but will face a credibility crisis sena stays and continues to opposethis seems to be the likely scenario as sena may prefer to buy time.
depending on the mumbai civic body poll results, the saffron parties may go for a post-poll tie up to whitewash differences.
if sena does well in mumbai and bjp loses uttar pradesh, the former will flex its muscles and seek a better deal even as it prepares to go solo for the next assembly polls bjp and shiv senas strained ties in the run up to mumbai civic polls threaten to topple maharashtra govtif uddhav decides to walk out of the bjp govt, fadnavis will have to prepare for a floor test.
with ncp now saying it will not offer outside support to the govt, the three main parties will have the strength of 146 seats together as opposed to bjps 123.
bjp will need 22 more legilsators to reach the magic figure of 145 in the housealthough pawar has said he will not support bjp, he is known for changing his political stance.
if ncp supports bjp from outside, the fadnavis govt will stay but will face a credibility crisisthis seems to be the likely scenario as sena may prefer to buy time.
depending on the mumbai civic body poll results, the saffron parties may go for a post-poll tie up to whitewash differences.
if sena does well in mumbai and bjp loses uttar pradesh, the former will flex its muscles and seek a better deal even as it prepares to go solo for the next assembly pollsafter separately contesting the assembly polls, the results threw up a hung verdict: bjp had 122 seats and the sena 63.
but before the latter could react, sharad pawars ncp unexpectedly offered unconditional outside support to the former.
with ncps support, bjp came to power as sena sat in the opposition benches and sulked.
pawars support dramatically reduced senas bargaining power, even when it wanted to join the government later.
ncps role reduced our position in the political scheme.
since then, we have consistently been sidelined at the centre and the state government by the bjp.
for instance, with our 19 mps, we deserved a better cabinet portfolio than the heavy industries.
after all, the telugu desam party (tdp), with 15 mps, did get civil aviation, said a sena minister.
in the state too, sena had hoped for better deal, but had to settle for five cabinet and minister of state posts, and later, two more junior ministerial posts post bjps defeat in bihar polls.
in the last two years, the ncp has maintained a perception of being a standby ally that could step in to bolster the bjp government, if the sena walks out any time.
much of this perception has been created by pawar and prime minister narendra modis affable terms-on public display at several occasions.
at the state level, the irrigation probe against pawars nephew ajit pawar has made little headway.
sena looked at maharashtra as their forte and thought they had monopoly on marathi voters.
the 2014 assembly polls results completely reversed the fortunes of the saffron allies and sena could not come to terms with it, says political analyst surendra jondhale.
while they had a honeymoon period with leaders like former prime minister atal bihari vajpayee and pramod mahajan in the past, it now had to deal with prime minister narendra modi and amit shah, he said, adding, ncp further soured the deal for them.
unhappy at playing second fiddle, sena has retaliated by voicing its displeasure and sarcasm on every issue through its mouthpiece saamna, whether it was surgical strikes or the demonetisation.
are the bridges burnt?
despite the extreme positions taken, a post-poll alliance has not been ruled out by either party (unofficially).
fadnavis, not keen on antagonising his ally, has said that sena continues to be our partner in the state.
it has not yet backed out of the alliance and my government is stable.
bjps confidence comes from the party top leaderships belief that the sena will not walk out of the government two years ahead of assembly polls in 2019.
it is too long to stay out of power for two years.
in that period, we could break their party, a senior bjp minister told ht.
read | bmc polls are here: mumbais parties rally support one last timeso, the plan b is to wean 22 legislators from other parties offering them ministerial posts (nearly 16 will be up for grabs including 12 from the sena quota and four remaining from bjp quota).
the party believes it can ensure winnable candidates from across the three main parties: congress, ncp and sena.
but quitting their parties, and winning on lotus symbol, may not be an easy gamble to pull off two years after the modi wave.
if bjp had hoped for ncps outside support, that now seems feeble.
maratha strongman, pawar queered the political pitch again this week when he ruled out support if sena pulled out.
instead, he said, bjp government had lost confidence of the people and that ncp would contribute to its fall if it came to such a scenario.
he went on to predict mid-term polls post mumbai civic polls.
however, there are enough indications that these plans may not be necessary.
despite aggressive posturing, uddhav thackeray is likely to bide his time before pulling the rug.
he told ht that a decision would be taken post mumbai civic polls results even while admitting that sena no longer had any emotional connect or common issues with the bjp and the alliance was losing its meaning.
at a rally in pimpri chinchwad this week, he further indicated a compromise, saying if the bjp government offered farmers a loan waiver, he was willing to support it.
but the final decision will be taken depending on the electoral results of the sena in mumbai, nine other big cities and 25 district councils that govern 75 per cent of the states rural population.
mumbai results and the uttar pradesh assembly polls will redefine the saffron allies strategies and their bargaining power.
even if thackeray decides to stay in the government, which will be to buy time for political and organisational compulsions as the unhappy marriage gets more bitter.
bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on tuesday virtually ruled out sharing teesta waters with bangladesh, arguing there is no water to be shared in the first place.
speaking at a public meeting in the north bengal district of cooch behar, she said, the teesta does not have water to be shared?
we can give water from (the rivers) where it is available.
this was the first time mamatabanerjee was visiting north bengal, the region through which the teesta flows, after her meeting with the bangladesh prime minister sheikh hasina.
read: mamatas new teesta twist could muddy waters for indo-bangla tieswith this public comment, the bengal chief minister has ruled out sharing waters of the river that the sheikh hasina regime in dhaka is desperately seeking from india.
the bangladesh prime minister is banking on narendra modi to push through the teesta water sharing agreement.
(ht photo)her stand may not please the narendra modi government that assured bangladesh prime minister sheikh hasina of a solution to the water sharing question soon.
on april 8, the issue was discussed between the two prime ministers at hyderabad house in delhi.
read: teesta water deal: one issue where mamatabanerjee loses nothing by sitting tightat a joint press conference narendra modi said the agreement was crucial for bilateral ties and expressed hope that the bengal chief minister will eventually support it.
i know that her (mamata banerjees) feelings for bangladesh are as warm as my own.
i assure you and the people of bangladesh of our commitment and continuing efforts (with regard to finalising the treaty), he said.
modi added that he firmly believed that an early solution to the issue can and will be found.
the teesta water sharing issue has been a vexed question for quite some years.
in 2011, the bengal chief minister put former prime minister manmohan singh in a post by pulling out from his delegation to visit to dhaka over the teesta water-sharing deal, scuttling the agreement.
incidentally, it is important for sheikh hasina to get an agreement on sharing teesta waters as she is under pressure at home to deliver on this front.
on tuesday, mamatabanerjee , too, said that she wants cordial ties between the two countries.
indiaupdated: sep 17, 2019 13:04 isthere are todays top news, analysis and opinion.
know all about the latest news and other news updates from hindustan times.
india hasnt insisted on zakir naik: malaysian pms new stand after rowmalaysian prime minister mahathir mohamad, who was seen to be reluctant to extradite controversial preacher zakir naik a few months back, on tuesday claimed that india hadnt really pressed its extradition request.
the 94-year-old malaysian pm also suggested that this could be because the preacher could be troublesome for india as well.
read full story here.
on the run from cbi, kolkata ex-top cop rajeev kumar seeks pre-arrest bailformer kolkata police commissioner rajeev kumar, who on saturday ignored cbi summons in the saradha ponzi case, has filed a petition before the barasat district judge court on tuesday morning seeking anticipatory bail against possible arrest.
read full story here.
mamata mamatabanerjee likely to meet pm modi tomorrow, political circles abuzzwest bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee is likely to meet prime minister narendra modi in new delhi on wednesday, people familiar with the matter said, setting political circles abuzz in west bengal.
read full story here.
drdos rustom-2 drone crashes in farm in karnatakas chitradurgaan unmanned aerial vehicle (uav) of the defence research and development organisation crashed during a trial at karnatakas chitradurga district on tuesday.
read full story here.
video | on the record | kumari selja: congress new haryana boss on sonias returnon this weeks on the record, congress leader kumari selja speaks to hindustan times national political editor, sunetra choudhury.
selja was recently appointed the chief of congress unit in haryana, a state going to polls later this year.
watch the full interview here.
india vs south africa: indias predicted xi for 2nd t20i - opening combination could be tweakedafter the first t20i was washed out in dharamsala, the action now shifts to mohali for the second t20i and for virat kohli, this is an opportunity to try out new combinations.
he has already said that the younger players coming into the side will have to take advantage of the limited opportunities they will be getting in the near future as the team builds for the t20 world cup.
read full story here.
angad bedi finally addresses breaking up with nora fatehi to marry neha dhupiabollywood actor angad bedi has finally opened up on breaking up with girlfriend nora fatehi and marrying wife neha dhupia soon afterwards last year.
talking to the etimes, angad says that nora will find a deserving partner soon.
read the full story here.
darjeeling braced for more violence on thursday morning as the police raided the offices of gorkha janmukti morcha (gjm) and the hill party called for an indefinite strike in protest.
the raid came as an indication that chief minister mamatabanerjee was ready to crush the protests demanding a separate state of gorkhaland that has triggered violence in the northern bengal hills.
here are the highlights of the day:3:25pm: there are reports (of gjm supporters) firing at police, says siddhanath gupta, additional director general, establishment, who was in darjeeling.
2:55pm: home ministry seeks report from west bengal government on gorkhaland issue, asks state government to maintain law and order, reports ani.
2:45pm: gurungs wife says police and ruling party supporters are ransacking their house.
however, she did not reveal where she was, or where her husband was.
2:30pm: police and trinamool congress supporters entered our house and set a car on fire around 2pm today, says asha gurung, gjm president bimal gurungs wife.
2:15pm: district magistrate of darjeeling joyoshi dasgupta leaves for patlabash to take stock of the situation.
2:10pm: they found a few bows and arrows, rusted spades and fire crackers - all tools found in local households.
we were in the process of organising our traditional archery competition, says gjm.
2:00pm: gjm trying to mislead people by claiming that weapons seized were part of the traditional local culture, says anuj sharma, additional director general (law and order) at the state secretariat.
it is not true.
the weapons were stockpiled to resist and attack the police.
1:50pm: it is time for all parties to restore peace.
gjm can carry out a democratic movement but their intention is different.
what was the purpose of keeping so many bows and arrows and a huge amount of money in their office?
asks rajen mukhia, tmc hill district committee president.
cash seized from the gjm office.
(bikram sashanker/ht)1:45pm: gjm supporters surround the police force near gurungs residence, throw stones at them, say eyewitnesses.
1:40pm: student, youth and women wings of gjm about to take out a rally in kurseong.
1:27pm: we will intensify our movement against police atrocities, says suva pradhan, chairman of kalimpong municipality.
1:25pm: gjm councillor from ward 16 of kalimpong municipality barun bhujel arrested.
1:15pm: negotiations should start immediately to defuse the crisis.
congress is ready to support and participate in such discussions to restore peace in the hills, says west bengal pradesh congress committee general secretary om prakash mishra.
1:14pm: police reinforcements head towards patlabash as protestors vandalise police officials vehicles1:11pm: police resort to lathicharge, continue firing teargas shells at protestors.
gjm supporters set fire to a vehicle near patlabash.
(bikram sashanker/ht photo)1:10pm: some police officials injured in stone pelting.
1:05pm: gjm supporters set fire to a vehicle near patlabash.
1:00pm: cpi(m) politburo member and lok sabha mp md salim says the chief minister should immediately convene an all-party meeting.
she should shed her ego and initiate the process of negotiation involving the centre, state government and gjm.
gjm protestors and police officials near gjm office.
(bikram sashanker/ht photo)12:50pm: gjm supporters, police clash near the gjm office in patlabash.
gjm supporters throw stones at officials while they retaliate by firing tear gas shells.
12:42pm: gjm supporters vandalise the car of officer-in-charge of pedong police outpost.
12:37pm: the hills were quiet for the last 7 years.
there was no bandh.
the cm triggered the unrest by imposing bengali and by using police to enable trrinamool congress to capture the hills, says rahul sinha, national secretary of bjp.
12:35pm: we do not support the indefinite bandh in the hills.
we will make our position clear in the all-party meeting on june 20, says mahendra chettri, secretary of gorkha national liberation front (gnlf).
12:30pm: gjm leader binod pradhan arrested from pedong for his involvement in setting fire to the police outpost.
12:28pm:the whereabouts of bimal gurung are not clear to anybody.
12:25pm: supporters of gjm womens wing have started agitations in kalimpong.
12:20pm: as soon as the bandh call was given, shops and offices in darjeeling quickly downed their shutters.
the impact of the bandh was also felt in the towns of kalimpong and kurseong.
12:16pm: traffic thinning on the streets of darjeeling.
12:10pm: gjm supporters have set fire to pedong police outpost about 17 km away from kalimpong town, the second biggest town of the hills.
12:00pm: gjm leaders said on wednesday they will strike back if police take any action.
therefore, we conducted the raids, said darjeeling police super akhilesh chaturvedi.
what is the crisis aboutthe gorkha janmukti morcha (gjm)  an ally of the bjp  and other hill parties are demanding a separate state of gorkhaland, which has led to unrest in darjeeling.
there have been protests, and a strike was called for by bimal gurung on thursday, after the police raided the main gjm office.
weapons seized from the gjm office.
(bikram sashanker/ht)the gorkhaland demand is politically fueled - one that gurung hopes use to his advantage against mamatabanerjee banerjee.
the gjm has been pushing for gorkhaland for a long time.
this proposed area of gorkhaland includes many other regions of the plains like jalpaiguri, siliguri, and some parts of bengal, in addition to darjeeling.
a large number of people, however, are against gorkhaland, especially many bengalis from the plains  something that cm hopes to use to her advantage in 2019, to win the support of people that are rooting for the bjp in darjeeling.
west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on friday cancelled all her political programmes scheduled for the next 48 hours to monitor and coordinate relief work during cyclone fani as it made landfall in odisha.
seven parliamentary constituencies  bongaon, barrackpore, howrah, uluberia, hooghly, serampore and arambag  in the state are set to go to the polls on monday.
all these constituencies are in the area where cyclone fani will have its direct impact as it travels from odisha to bengal.
the cyclone was supposed to impact places in and around kolkata from friday evening, said met officials.
follow live updates here.
in midnapore town, about 22km away from kharagpur, as well as contai in east midnapore district, a number of trees were uprooted in the morning as strong winds hit the area.
on friday, mamatabanerjee parked herself in kharagpur in west midnapore district from where she is monitoring the situation.
mamata mamatabanerjee was supposed to address a public rally in west midnapore district during the day.
we have cancelled all poll-related programmes to focus on disaster management and relief coordination, said mamatabanerjee banerjee.
get out of your homes only if necessary, the chief minister told the people.
the chief minister also urged them to exercise caution not panic.
also read | cyclone fani smacks odisha with 180 km/hr winds,damaging houses, uprooting treesdisaster management teams are working round the clock.
the situation is supposed to worsen between friday evening and saturday evening, she said.
on thursday, hakim directed advertisers to taken down hoardings in the city so that passersby are not hurt if they come crashing down due to the impact of strong winds.
the mayor also said that they would be shifting residents of dilapidated houses in kolkata to school buildings nearby.
airport director kaushik bhattacharya said kolkata airport will be closed between 3pm on friday and 8am on saturday.
the bharatiya janata partys general secretary of the bengal unit sayantan basu said a formal decision was yet to be taken on cancellation of their programmes on friday.
patients have been facing the heat of junior doctors protest in west bengal as services remained affected in state-run hospitals and colleges for the sixth day on sunday.
at sskm hospital in kolkata, raiganj-resident samuel haque, who was admitted with a cardiac problem, said he was uncertain about his treatment.
his brother said, we came to kolkata last sunday when everything was normal and the outpatient department was functioning.
we admitted him on an emergency basis, with doctors giving date on tuesday for check-up, following which the date of surgery was to be decided.
but now no doctor is attending to haque, he said.
senior doctors say they dont have enough hands to conduct tests, he said.
his condition is deteriorating.
we cannot take him home because it is very difficult for my brother to travel long distance in trains.
we will wait till monday.
services in emergency wards, outdoor facilities and pathological units of many hospitals have been hit.
the doctors strike began after two of their colleagues were assaulted at the nrs medical college and hospital by family members of a patient, who died on monday night.
they demand adequate security.
hundreds of doctors have resigned en masse in support of their colleagues.
chief minister mamatabanerjee has urged the junior doctors to return to work and said her government had accepted their demands.
but the doctors have demanded a dialogue with the government before ending their stir.
the strike has caused immense trouble for patients.
joydeb roy, a resident of barishat in north 24 parganas district, was admitted to r g kar hospital in kolkata with an injured leg.
a relative said he was referred to a government hospital, where he had to undergo surgery to place a metallic plate in his leg on an emergency-basis.
he is waiting for the surgery.
the senior doctors are saying they need help of junior doctors to conduct the surgery.
my husband is lying in the department (ward) waiting for treatment, roys wife said.
junior doctors are the mainstay of any state-run college-hospital.
mokhtar hussains family members are planning to return home in basirhat.
they have been waiting for two days at the calcutta national medical college and hospital for treatment to resume for hussain, a cancer patient.
i am suffering from high fever for seven days.
i cannot bear the pain.
but there is no doctor to carry out check-up.
the opd has been shut for two days and i cannot go anywhere else as things are the same there as well.
i dont know what to do.
i cannot spend this much money to stay here in kolkata.
i will go back home, he said.
family members of the four-year-old romita dhar, a thalassaemia patient, too face a similar dilemma.
when dhars family took her to chittaranjan national medical college and hospital for check-up on friday, they were told to come on saturday.
it is very difficult to travel with a child who is suffering from thalassaemia.
ill again come next week, her mother arundhaty roy said.
the patients admitted in government hospitals are also facing problems with pathological units not functioning as usual.
we dont have much money to afford treatment at private hospitals.
i appeal to the chief minister to find a solution to this problem.
why cannot our chief minister come for a meeting with the doctors.
.
.
they (junior doctors) have been saying they will end the stir if she comes to the nrs hospital for a meeting, mother of bastab dasgupta, who suffers from neurological problem and is admitted at nrs medical college and hospital, said.
(this story has been published from a wire agency feed without modifications to the text.
only the headline has been changed.
rashtriya swayamsevak sangh (rss)-affiliates celebrated ram navami with unprecedented fanfare in the state capital and across the state on wednesday, with many of the rallies comprised participants, including youth and children, displaying such weapons as sword and trident.
state bjp president and senior rss functionary, dilip ghosh, himself carried a sword while participating in a procession in west midnapore district.
in kolkata, tableaus decked up with saffron triangular flags and carrying the idol of ram darbar, or people dressed up as ram, laxman, sita and hanuman were taken out from 22 locations and covered nearly all major crossings.
the slogan mandir wahi banayenge was raised from many of these rallies.
rightwing hindutva organisations vishva hindu parishad, hindu jagran manch and various other outfits affiliated to rss organised these rallies.
read:in west bengal, ram navami gets going on raths, provided by muslimswhile most senior bjp leaders participated in these rallies, chief minister mamatabanerjee took a dig at bjp for trying to politicise a religious festival.
for years, ram navami is being celebrated by various organisations.
it has no connection with bjp at all.
why are you trying to claim this festival to be your own?
she said while addressing a gathering in bankura district in the western part of the state.
bjp state president dilip ghosh participated in a ram navami procession in west midnapore.
(ht photo)on tuesday, bjp state president had supported the idea of carrying weapons in the ram navami rallies.
people may carry any kind of weapon that our gods of 33 koti (types) carry.
what is the problem if hindus display their faith and strength?
ghosh had said on the eve of the festival.
apart from kolkata, mega rallies were carried out by the saffron camp in the districts of west mindpaore, east midnapore, howrah, birbhum, north dinajpur and nadia.
youth and girls brandish sword and machete in a ram navami procession in west bengal.
(ht photo)significantly, in a bid to prove that the celebration of ram navami was not exclusively bjps domain, trinamool congress supporters, too, carried out ram navami processions in different districts, including darjeeling, alipurduar and east midnapore.
read: saffron push in bengal brings cheer to kumortulithe left and the congress, however, distanced themselves from the celebrations.
taking a dig at both bjp and trinamool congress for playing politics in the name of religion, sujan chakraborty, the leader of cpi(m)s legislative party, said, one party (read trinamool) had hijacked the durga puja celebrations and now another has hijacked the celebration of ram nabami.
the latter kicked off the trend of taking out processions carrying weapons.
this is not going to do bengal any good.
for journalists from print and electronic media, covering the panchayat elections in bengal has become a high-risk affair.
a large number of scribes, including some women, have been assaulted and intimidated ever since the process of filing nomination for the polls began on april 2.
the worst so far came on monday, april 23, the last day for filing nomination.
across bengal, several scribes, including two women, were assaulted, kidnapped and threatened with dire consequences if they photographed or reported what they saw.
read: gauri lankesh murder: heres a list of writers and journalists killed in recent yearsa woman working for a bengali television channel was among two scribes who were attacked at alipore outside the headquarters of the south 24 parganas district administration in the heart of south kolkata.
in burdwan and birbhum districts, several journalists sustained injuries when they tried to cover the nomination process and the associated violence.
this was not the first time scribes were attacked in alipore that is within 500 metre of chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjees residence.
on april 9, biplab mondal, a freelance photographer working for an english national daily was assaulted and stripped to his undergarments after he photographed an illegal gathering of men in alipore.
the daily registered a complaint with the police on april 10.
the chief minister, however, later said the police told her that no such incident took place.
read: panchkula violence: journalists to march against attack on mediathe youths wanted to know if i mailed or shared any photo or video on social media before they grabbed me.
they searched my phone, but did not find anything.
then they forced me to take off my clothes.
imagine what might have happened if it was a woman in my place, said mondal.
it is difficult to say how many journalists were attacked since most of the incidents took place in the districts, said kingshuk pramanik, secretary of press club, kolkata that condemned mondays incidents and appealed to the state government to ensure safety for working journalists.
photojournalists protesting against increasing attacks on them across bengal.
(ht photo)reporters and photographers covering the filing of nomination for panchayat elections are being repeatedly attacked in bengal.
press club, kolkata condemned such attacks in the past and drew the attention of police and administration.
in spite of that many journalists were attacked on monday in kolkata, durgapur, suri and other places, the club said in a statement.
state education minister partha chatterjee described the attacks on scribes as unfortunate and accused the bjp and left of unleashing violence.
read: journalists attacked by gurmeet ram rahim singhs supporters after court verdicton monday, pragya saha, a female reporter from a bengali television channel and aryabhatta khan, a reporter with a leading bengali daily, were both kidnapped and intimidated by groups of youths, who were roaming around on motorcycles outside the alipore administrative building.
most of them had their faces covered.
around 20-25 youths showered kicks and blows on me after i clicked a photograph of the crowd.
they took me away and snatched by phone and wristwatch said khan.
a group of youths forcefully took me to a room in a slum area.
they talked to me in filthy language and confined me for four hours.
they threatened to harm my family if i opened my mouth.
they formatted my phone and handed me over to some policemen, said saha.
indiaupdated: sep 12, 2019 20:47 istwest bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee upped the ante against citizenship screening exercise in the state by alleging that nrc was a mere tactic to divert attention from the economic issues facing the country.
she also challenged the bharatiya janata party (bjp) to dare touch a single person living in bengal.
dont play with fire.
she was addressing a gathering in north kolkata after a five-km long march.
soon after her address, the bjp state unit chief dilip ghosh said that his party will ensure weeding out of close to one crore muslim infiltrators from the state.
2011 census put bengals population at 9.
13 crore.
ghosh also vowed to get rid of another one crore people, who according to him, had entered the state illegally and settled elsewhere.
mamatas rally came six days after, in an unprecedented show of unity, the tmc, the left and the congress came together to pass a resolution ruling out nrc exercise in bengal.
tmc had been building momentum through smaller anti-nrc rallies organised in different districts.
you can silence the people of assam using police but it wont work in bengal.
try to touch a single person in bengal and we will see.
she also claimed that of the 19 lakh people excluded from the national register for citizens (nrc) in assam, 12 lakh were hindus and one lakh gorkhas.
they are telling hindus to get rid of the muslims, they are telling rajbongshis to get rid of the bengalis and they are telling hindi-speaking people to get rid of the bengalis.
we will not allow this in bengal  the land of ramakrishna and shri chaitanya that epitomises the practice of inclusiveness, she said.
without naming the prime minister, mamatabanerjee took a dig at his remark on wednesday that some people get alarmed (baal khadhe ho jaate hai) when they hear words om and cow.
we have all drank cow milk.
its good for health.
i suggest you drink cow milk a little more, she said, adding, dont lecture us on om.
i offer puja and prayers every day.
om is part of our life for years.
taking a dig at the bengal chief minister, dilip ghosh said, we will not only throw out all the muslim infiltrators, but will also pack off the leaders who speak in their favour.
forget mamatabanerjee alone, the whole of the opposition cannot stop this (nrc) from happening, ghosh said.
political analysts said that with the two major political forces in the state locking horns over nrc, the polarisation is only going to sharpen.
religious, ethnic and linguistic conflicts are only likely to escalate, while political polarisation will sharpen.
the more bad news pours in from assam, the greater will be the state of chaos, panic and confusion in west bengal, said sabyasachi basu ray chaudhuri, a professor of political science at rabindra bharati university (rbu).
chaudhuri, who is also an expert on issues concerning migration and refugees, added that many people in bengal did not possess documents to prove their legacy (lineage) and it was a serious problem in the districts along river hooghly where flood and erosion have frequently displaced people.
despite joining hands with the tmc and the congress to pass the anti-nrc resolution in the state assembly last week, the left lambasted the tmc for popularizing the theory of infiltration.
bjps demand for nrc in bengal is based on the theory that was popularised in bengal by none other than the tmc.
mamata banerjees 1993 rally had raised this as one of the issues.
in 2005, she created a ruckus in the parliament on the same issue.
how can she disown her past?
asked sujan chakraborty, the leader of the left in the state assembly.
the bharatiya janata party came out in full strength against the violence at party boss amit shahs roadshow in kolkata, blaming mamatabanerjee banerjees trinamool congress for the attack in bengal and demanding that the election commission bar the chief minister from campaigning for instigating her party workers.
the trinamool congress has blamed the violence on bjp supporters.
what does amit shah think of himself?
is he above everything?
is he god that no one can protest against him?
the citys education hub of college street had turned into a battlefield when bjp supporters allegedly clashed with the police in front of calcutta university and vandalised a bust of iconic social reformer iswarchandra vidyasagar in a college set up by him in 1872.
the bjp alleges that stones were first thrown at them by trinamool congress supporters.
amit shah said trinamool goons attacked the roadshow about 200 metres from where he was near a medical college.
inflammable material was thrown at the roadshow and there was an effort to trigger a stampede, he said.
shah asked people in bengals nine lok sabha constituencies that are yet to vote to respond to the attack with their vote.
writing on the wall is clear and mamatabanerjee didi has read it well.
didi, your violence and hooliganism can no more stop the people of bengal from reclaiming the true legacy of this great land, he tweeted.
in delhi where a bjp delegation rushed to the election commission to complain about the violence, finance minister arun jaitley tweeted his attack.
has bengal acquired a government of gangsters?
the attack on amit shahs peaceful rally by the tmc is deplorable.
is a free & fair poll possible in bengal?
all eyes are now on the election commission, said jaitley.
chief ministers of bjp-ruled states such as maharashtras devendra fadnavis and uttar pradeshs yogi adityanath also punched the trinamool congress.
this is murder of democracy the way amit shah roadshow was attacked and the police responded, i think mamatabanerjee is so scared that she wants to murder democracy, fadnavis told news agency ani.
yogi adityanath said the violence was a reflection of the lawlessness in west bengal under mamatabanerjee banerjee.
tuesdays incident came in the backdrop of escalating political tension in and around kolkata where nine seats will go for the polls of may 19, the last and the final phase of the 17th lok sabha elections.
while shah led the road show in kolkata north, union minister smriti irani and senior bjp leader sunil deodhar addressed public meetings at jadavpur and kolkata south constituencies.
tmc supremo mamatabanerjee addressed three rallies in kolkata south lok sabha.
prime minister narendra modi and trinamool congress (tmc) chief mamatabanerjee sustained their rancorous war of words until the last moment, and the entire opposition ranged behind the latter and against the election commission of india (ec), before the campaign drums fell silent prematurely in west bengal on thursday, three days before the seventh and final phase of voting in the 17th general election.
the campaign for the nine remaining lok sabha seats in west bengal ended at 10pm in line with ecs unprecedented wednesday order, cutting short the campaign in the state by a day following tuesdays pitched battles in kolkata between supporters of the tmc and the bharatiya janata party (bjp) at a roadshow by bjp chief amit shah.
on thursday, the acrimony between modi and mamatabanerjee centred on the vandalising of a bust of bengali renaissance icon and social reformer ishwar chandra vidyasagar by a crowd that stormed vidyasagar college on kolkatas college street at the roadshow.
modi let go of a salvo even before he reached west bengal to address his last two rallies, accusing tmc supporters of being responsible for the vandalism, repeating an allegation made by shah the previous day.
going to west bengal for a rally in dum dum.
let us see if didi [banerjee] allows it.
if she has her way she will not allow the helicopter to land, modi said in uttar pradeshs mau, promising to replace the vandalised bust.
we saw hooliganism by tmc workers again during bhai amit shahs roadshow in kolkata, they vandalised ishwar chandra vidyasagars statue.
we are committed to vidyasagars vision and will install his grand statue at the same spot, modi said.
after reaching mathurapur in bengal, modi alleged that the local police, in connivance with the state government, was trying to wipe out evidence such as cctv footage of the involvement of tmc workers in the vandalism.
vidyasagar ji was a son of not only bengal but of entire india.
by vandalising his statue, the perpetrators have committed an act of sin.
i demand strict action against those responsible, he said.
the tmc and their goons have made bengal hell, modi said.
he added: didi has lost her cool in the face of imminent defeat.
she has become so frustrated that she is threatening me that she will put me behind bars.
in dum dum, modi said the lok sabha election will remain etched in memory for the attacks made on democracy and opposition workers in bengal.
banerjee responded trenchantly at an election rally in bengals mathurapur.
he [modi] has said in uttar pradesh that they [bjp] will build a statue of vidyasagar.
we will not accept it.
bengal has the money to build the statue of vidyasagar.
bengal does not want alms from you, she said.
the tmc chief dared modi to prove his claim that tmc supporters damaged the statue.
we have video proofs that you [bjp] desecrated it.
and you are saying that trinamool congress has done it!
arent you ashamed?
this prime minister should perform sit-ups, not once but innumerable times, holding his ears for telling lies, she said.
she said the bjp wont be spared and will be dragged behind the bars.
if you vandalise the statue of br ambedkar, building it once again does not suffice.
as the last phase of elections is approaching, you (modi) have become mad and are talking nonsense, she said.
banerjee hit out at ec, whose decision to curtail the campaign in bengal by a day was criticised by the opposition in unison.
campaigning for 50 other lok sabha seats spread over six other states and the union territory of chandigarh will end on friday evening.
banerjee has already said she would approach the supreme court against the ecs decision after the completion of the polls.
the bjp is trying to make inroads into bengal to offset possible reverses in its strongholds in northern and western india that helped it in 2014 to become the first party in 30 years to win a majority on its own in the lok sabha.
west bengal elects 42 members of the lok sabha, behind only uttar pradesh (80) and maharashtra (48).
banerjee accused the ec of being partial to the ruling party at the centre and said it was behaving like bjps brother.
she found support from other opposition parties across the political spectrum.
bahujan samaj party (bjp) leader mayawati accused the election watchdog of acting under pressure and the congress said ec had lost its independence.
election commission has banned campaigning in west bengal, but from 10pm today, just because pm has two rallies in the day.
if they had to ban (campaigning on the last day), then why not from today morning?
this is unfair and ec is acting under pressure, mayawati said.
the congress said the ec was once known for its objectivity, non-partisan stand but it seems it now takes orders from bjp headquarters.
the election commission has abdicated its integrity, congress spokesperson randeep surjewala said, alleging that the model code of conduct had been replaced by a modi code of conduct.
he added: time has come to review the process of appointment of election commission.
should it only remain an appendage to the ruling dispensation or is it a constitutional body which is so intrinsically important to our democracy that its appointment requires to be mandated and tapered through a fair, transparent process like in many other cases?
in tamil nadu, the dravida munnetra kazhagam criticised ec for curtailing the bengal campaign.
ec has one set of rules for the opposition and another for the ruling party.
highly condemnable, dmk president mk stalin wrote in a twitter post.
former jammu and kashmir chief minister omar abdullah also backed mamatabanerjee , as did delhi chief minister and aam aadmi party national convener arvind kejriwal.
we condemn the openly biased role played by the election commission.
the ec has allowed prime minister modis election campaigns while stopped others from doing so, he added.
mesmerised by darjeeling hills and local people, tamil superstar rajinikanth on thursday said he hoped to see this region in north bengal explored well by the film that is being shot since june 7.
yet to be titled, the film is being directed by chennai-based filmmaker karthik subbaraj.
on thursday, the superstar talked to the media shortly after meeting state tourism minister goutam deb at the private resort in kurseong where he is staying with his team.
the land of ramakrishna paramhansa, swami vivekananda, rabindranath tagore and subash chandra bose has mesmerised me.
i am really happy to meet such lovely people, good and kind hearted people.
i am going to shoot here and darjeeling for 30 days said rajinikanth.
there are so many beautiful locations here that have remained unexplored.
through this film, the whole country will know the place and explore the region, he said.
he said that his recently released movie kaala is doing well in india and aboard.
however he remained mum on politics.
when asked about the new party launched by superstar kamal haasan, rajinikanth, who also plans a similar move, said, i have come here as an actor.
goutam deb, who met rajinikanth on behalf of chief minister mamatabanerjee said, the shooting will promote the region.
rajinikanth and his team have booked all the 35 rooms in the resort which is located in a remote area.
a resort employee, speaking on condition of anonymity, said, rajinikanth is really a down-to-earth person.
he looks old but is stronger than me.
he goes to the gym every day.
the shooting for the film assumes significance, given last years violence and killing of 13 people during the 104-day-long shutdown in demand for a separate state of gorkhaland.
the turmoil in the hills started on june 8, 2017.
the shooting started exactly one year after that incident.
mumbaiupdated: aug 01, 2019 05:31 istmaharashtra navnirman sena (mns) chief raj thackeray on tuesday met west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee in kolkata, seeking her support for his campaign against the use of electronic voting machines (evms) in the forthcoming assembly polls.
thackeray invited mamatabanerjee to his rally against the use of evms, on august 21.
while thackeray said she will join him, the latter said she could not commit, as she has some pre-scheduled programmes.
i have met congresss sonia gandhi before and now didi (banerjee) to garner support to switch back to ballot paper.
i have invited her, and she agreed [to come], said thackeray, after meeting banerjee.
he came down heavily on the use of evms, questioning its use, as other countries had abandoned the evm system.
banerjee also supported thackeray, saying even she was against evms. this is the question in everyones mind.
.
.
he has invited me [for the morcha], but i have some programmes and i will confirm later, said banerjee.
on july 8, thackeray met sonia gandhi at her delhi residence on the same issue.
before his meeting with gandhi, he visited the election commissioner and asked him to restore the ballot system in order to restore faith of the electorate in democracy.
on the 120th birth anniversary of netaji subhash chandra bose on monday, prime minister narendra modi on monday hailed the revolutionary freedom fighter leader and made files related to him available on the internet.
files relating to netaji subhas chandra bose are available on netajipapers.gov.
in, modi tweeted.
in a series of tweets, the prime minister also hailed the iconic freedom fighter.
i salute netaji subhas chandra bose on his birth anniversary.
his valour played a major role in freeing india from colonialism, he said.
i salute netaji subhas chandra bose on his birth anniversary.
his valour played a major role in freeing india from colonialism.
narendra modi (@narendramodi) january 23, 2017in another tweet he said, netaji bose was a great intellectual who always thought about the interests & wellbeing of the marginalised sections of society.
netaji bose was a great intellectual who always thought about the interests & wellbeing of the marginalised sections of society.
narendra modi (@narendramodi) january 23, 2017modi also patted his own government for declassifying files on netaji.
honoured that our government got the opportunity to declassify files relating to netaji bose & fulfil a popular demand pending for decade, another tweet said.
honoured that our government got the opportunity to declassify files relating to netaji bose & fulfil a popular demand pending for decades.
narendra modi (@narendramodi) january 23, 2017the first lot of 100 files relating to bose were put in the public domain by prime minister narendra modi on 23 january last year, on the occasion of the 119th birth anniversary of netaji.
meanwhile, west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee also paid her tributes to netaji on twitter.
telangana chief minister and president of the telangana rashtra samithi k chandrasekhar rao, who is trying to put together a federal front of regional parties as an alternative to the congress and the bjp, will hold talks with samajwadi party president akhilesh yadav in hyderabad on wednesday.
kcr, as k chandrasekhar rao is popularly known, has already met with trinamool congress president mamatabanerjee , jd(s) leader hd deve gowda, dmk working president mk stalin, jharkhand mukti morcha leader hemanth soren and chhattisgarh leader ajit jogi in his bid to gather support for the front.
if necessary, i will also meet telugu desam party president and ap chief minister to discuss the federal front formation.
after all, he is my good old friend, kcr had said in chennai.
an official at the chief ministers office (cmo) who did not wish to be named said akhilesh would arrive by a special flight and will be received by telangana animal husbandry minister t srinivasa yadav, leaders of the yadav community are also planning a felicitation for him at the airport.
akhilesh is scheduled to meet rao at pragathi bhavan, the latters camp office-cum-residence to discuss modalities of formation of the federal front, its structure and composition.
the former uttar prsdesh chief minister is also scheduled to visit the residence of srinivasa yadav before leaving for lucknow.
according to a trs leader, the chief minister is keen that the federal front should take a shape in the next couple of months.
in the coming days, he is expected to meet various other regional party heads to chalk out a comprehensive strategy for the federal front.
a blue print for the common minimum programme for the front is also getting ready, he said.
the telangana chief minister is expected to top his efforts with a massive public meeting in hyderabad in october with over 20 lakh people, which is expected to be attended by all the regional party heads, the party leader added.
at his partys plenary last month, kcr had said his front would trigger an earthquake in national politics and hyderabad will be its epicentre.
the congress has been dismissive of kcrs efforts.
stating that there would be no third or fourth front, telangana pradesh congress committee president uttam kumar reddy had said, with what face is kcr talking about a third front against modi-led bjp after having supported the party for the president and vice-president elections, demonetisation and gst?
the trs and the bjp have a tacit understanding and both are speaking against each other as a drama to divert the attention of public, uttam said.
i wholeheartedly welcome the third front or federal front proposal by the telangana cm.
everyone has a right to form party alliances, and contest in the elections.
in the past, many governments were formed because of alliances only, said bjp president amit shah in bengaluru on monday.
west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on tuesday demanded cancellation of prime minister narendra modis candidature from varanasi for shamelessly indulging in horse trading, a day after he claimed 40 tmc mlas were in touch with him.
making a sensational claim in the middle of the general election, modi had said on monday that 40 tmc mlas were in touch with him and will desert their party once the bjp wins the polls.
modi said yesterday that 40 trinamool congress workers (mlas) are in talks with the bjp.
look how shamelessly he is indulging in horse trading.
his candidature should be immediately cancelled.
the firebrand trinamool congress chief also said that people usually revere national leaders, but modi was an exception.
likening the prime minister with gabbar singh, the antagonist in the 1975 blockbuster sholay, she said, national leaders like netaji (subhas chandra bose) are revered and loved by all.
it is only people like modi and gabbar singh that people are scared of.
what has he done in the last five years?
farmers are committing suicide, unemployment is on the rise, she said.
the chief minister also said the bjp will not be able to establish a foothold in west bengal, no matter how much the party daydreams about it.
modi is daydreaming about getting a foothold in west bengal.
his dream will never come true, she added.
in the national capital, the tmc wrote to the election commission, alleging that modis speech indicates an impending horse-trading and asked the poll panel to cancel his nomination for such provocative and undemocratic statements.
in its letter to the ec, the tmc demanded strong action for the unfounded, inappropriate and illegal campaign and utterances of the prime minister.
you (ec) are thus requested to ask mr. narendra modi, the prime minister, for evidence in support of his statement, failing which his nomination should be cancelled for violation of the model code of conduct by making such provocative and undemocratic statements, the letter said.
(this story has been published from a wire agency feed without modifications to the text.
only the headline has been changed.
congress president rahul gandhi on wednesday said after coming to power his party would get the rafale deal investigated and those found guilty would be punished.
speaking at a public rally in karandighi under bengals raiganj lok sabha constituency, the congress chief lashed out at both prime minister modi and west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee and asked if any of them had created employment opportunities for the youth.
he also took a dig at trinamool congress (tmc) chief mamatabanerjee for alleging that the congress party was not fighting against the bharatiya janata party in the lok sabha polls.
today the supreme court said that some scam has taken place in the rafale deal.
the chowkidar is a thief.
the chowkidars appearance has changed.
the chowkidar is scared, rahul gandhi said leaving little doubt regarding who he was targeting.
the congress is going to defeat narendra modi in the 2019 elections.
after that, there will be an inquiry into the theft of air force funds in the rafale deal.
and i guarantee that those who stole funds will face punishment.
no one can escape this, the congress president said.
though the congress chief devoted most of his 20-minute speech to prime minister narendra modi, he also lashed out at mamatabanerjee , who, in a rally in chopra (under darjeeling constituency) had alleged that two congress candidates in bengal, adhir ranjan chowdhury and abhijit mukherjee were getting help from the rss.
emphasising that the congress was unwavering in its opposition to the bjp, rahul gandhi said, she (mamata banerjee) is alleging that the congress is not fighting against the bjp.
let me ask you, did the congress ever join hands with the bjp, anywhere, at any point of time?
did the congress ever strike an alliance with bjp?
no, never.
but mamatabanerjee did, didnt she?
incidentally, the tmc that was set up on january 1, 1998 was a part of the national democratic alliance for most part of its first 10 years.
who first raised the slogan chowkidar chor hai?
who instilled fear in the mind of the chowkidar?
look at him now.
he is scared.
we have changed the appearance of the chowkidar, rahul gandhi said.
the congress president also said that after coming to power they would focus on creating a network of government hospitals and educational institutions.
alleging that the narendra modi government had failed to create employment opportunities in the country, rahul gandhi slammed the tmc government in the state on the same issue.
incidentally, in the 2014 lok sabha elections, congress won 9.
69  votes and four seats in bengal.
however, it is facing a tough contest from the tmc and bjp to retain its tally in the state.
wednesdays rally in raiganj was the second public meeting of the congress president in bengal, after the election dates were announced on march 10.
addressing a rally in chanchal in malda district on march 10, rahul gandhi had accused the bengal chief minister of running the state according to her whims.
he alleged that mamatabanerjee did not consult anybody and only functioned according to her whims and proceeded to accuse her of doing nothing for the youth and farmers.
in a move that can again plunge darjeeling hills into crisis and disrupt public life, gorkha janmukti morcha (gjm) leaders have called an indefinite bandh in offices of the state government, central government and gorkhaland territorial administration from monday.
all offices of the state government, central government and gorkhaland territorial administration (gta) will be indefinitely closed, gjm general secretary, roshan giri, announced in darjeeling after the partys central committee meeting chaired by bimal gurung.
giri also announced that all signboards in the hills should henceforth be written only in nepali and english.
however, he did not clarify whether morcha workers will erase bengali and hindi words already written on signboards.
the latest bout of agitations in the hills was ostensibly triggered by gjm's opposition to the chief ministers announcement that students in schools in the state have to learn bengali till class 10.
read: darjeeling: state govt doubles special audit team for scrutiny of gta accountswe have taken up this programme in view of the pro-gorkhaland sentiments among the people in the hills.
gjm president bimal gurung has written a letter to the union home minister mentioning that the gta has failed because of the high-handedness of the state government, said giri.
courts and banks will come under the purview of the bandh.
educational institutions, hotels, shops and establishments and transport will be exempted.
police vehicles set ablaze by gjm supporters in darjeeling on thursday.
(bikram sashanker)the banks will be allowed to operate only on monday and thursday.
banks will also operate on june 27 to 30 to facilitate distribution of salary.
gjm has also called an all-party meeting on june 13 to discuss the situation in the hills.
though they didnt specify which are the parties they will invite, it seems that all hill parties apart from bjp, which is an ally of gjm, may join.
the morchas announcement came close on the heels of a 12-hour bandh called by the gjm yuva morcha on friday, when it caused immense trouble to thousands of tourists.
the government will actively resist the design with all the force at its command, said tourism minister and president of darjeeling district trinamool congress, gautam deb.
read: if i dont fight for gorkhaland, hill people will not spare me: bimal gurungironically, chief minister mamatabanerjee remarked on saturday morning that gjm will refrain from calling bandhs again.
we hope good sense will prevail and there will be no bandhs.
the high court has declared bandhs illegal, she said.
gjm youth wing members on an agitation programme at darjeeling rail station on october 03, 2015.
(samir jana)a delegation of gjm leaders will soon go to delhi to meet the prima minister and union home minister.
every monday gjm will take out candle light processions between 7 pm and 8 pm.
every thursday and sunday, the morcha will organise big rallies throughout the hills.
the decision to close down the gta office may trigger confrontation between gjm leaders and the state government since the finance department will formally start from monday the special audit of the gta, the semi-autonomous body that runs the affairs in the hills.
while a six-member audit team reached darjeeling on friday, the state government is dispatching another six officers to wrap up the exercise as soon as possible.
the chief minister has alleged that the gjm leaders have indulged in financial irregularities in the gta for years, and it is clear that the ruling party wants to highlight the evidence that the special audit may unearth to nail morcha leaders both politically and administratively.
the elections to the 45-seat gta -- gjm made a clean sweep in 2012 -- may be held in july.
when trinamool congress (tmc) chief mamatabanerjee announced on march 12 that rupali biswas would be the party candidate from ranaghat lok sabha seat, the 25-year-old widow was still struggling to overcome the shock of her husband satyajit biswass murder.
satyajit, a two-time tmc legislator from nadias krishnaganj assembly constituency, which falls under the ranaghat lok sabha seat, was shot dead on february 10 at a saraswati puja event.
ranaghat goes to the polls on april 29 in the fourth phase of the general elections.
i had no idea chief minister mamatabanerjee was considering my name as a candidate.
the tmc district unit chief had asked for my bio-data soon after my husbands murder, but i thought the party wanted to find a way to support me, said biswas, who graduated four years ago in 2015.
only 25 years and eight days old at the time of filing her nomination on april 5, biswas is bengals youngest candidate so far and possibly one of the youngest in the country.
she is part of the matuas, a dalit community that migrated from erstwhile east pakistan after independence, and constitutes about 26  of the electorate in ranaghat constituency, reserved for scheduled castes.
she will also become the youngest mp, cm mamatabanerjee said while leading a padayatra in ranaghat constituency last week.
a grave tragedy struck her.
we need to stand by her.
her husband always worked for the people and she will do the same.
biswas is contesting against jagannath sarkar of bharatiya janata party (bjp) and rama biswas of communist party of india (marxist).
both are 56 years old.
her third rival is minati biswas of congress.
satyajit, rupalis husband, gave his life for the party.
the party has a debt of blood to repay, said gourishankar dutta, tmcs nadia district president.
bjp leader mukul roy is an accused in satyajits murder and is out on bail.
the bjp, however, maintains satyajits death was a result of infighting in the tmc.
our sympathies are with her, but we are fighting the election on the basis of government policies.
the contest is between the policies of narendra modi and mamatabanerjee , said jagannath sarkar, the bjp candidate.
left candidate rama biswas, said, rupali will have to suffer for her partys atrocities during the 2018 rural elections that was almost entirely rigged.
biswas has admitted she is nervous.
during campaigns and workers meetings, other party leaders do most of the talking.
the few words she speaks are mostly about how satyajit dedicated his life to the service of the people.
according to political analyst biswanath chakraborty, a professor of political science at rabindra bharati university, given the bjps recent rise, ranaghat is not an easy seat for the tmc.
however, the sight of a 25-year-old widow campaigning with a toddler has a different appeal altogether.
summer seems to arrived early across india with maximum temperatures already hovering around 2-5 degrees celsius above normal in many parts of the country on february 28  the day the imd picked to predict an intense summer across india, implying a greater threat to human and crop health.
the early onset of summer also means a higher probability of heat waves developing earlier than expected, imd said.
on wednesday, the agency issued a heat wave warning for mumbai, raigad and ratnagiri for wednesday and thursday.
heat waves dont just impact human health; they also affect crops, deplete water resources and put pressure on the power system because of the spike in demand for cooling.
the above-average temperatures could affect winter crops, including staple wheat, in the absence of precautionary measures, experts warned.
wheat is susceptible to a condition called terminal heat if, during maturing and harvesting stage, temperatures rise abnormally, said dr r nagesh, a retired scientist from the indian agricultural research institute.
there is a danger of productivity losses.
a sustained heat wave is bad news for farmers across the country who are already battling an agricultural crisis.
the national disaster management authority describes a heat wave as a period of abnormally high temperature.
imfs own criteria says a heat wave need not be considered till the maximum temperature reaches 40 degrees celsius or, if it is lower than that, when the maximum temperature is 5-6 degrees celsius more than the normal temperature.
on wednesday, mumbai recorded a maximum temperature of 37.
4 degrees celsius, 5.
5 degrees above normal.
this was the third successive day of heat-wave conditions in the city (the maximum temperature was higher at 37.
8 degrees on february 27), which perhaps explains imds move.
other parts of maharashtra were hotter.
the highest temperature in the state was recorded at bhira (41 degrees celsius, 5 degrees above normal).
heat waves normally occur between march and june, although some have been recorded even later.
in delhi, heat wave conditions normally develop in the beginning of may, when maximum temperatures breach the 40 degrees celsius threshold.
that looks likely to happen earlier this year with the northern plains already heating up.
the maximum temperature in the northern region has already touched 36.
2 degrees c on february 27, kuldeep srivastava, a senior imd scientist said.
the maximum and minimum temperatures in february were about 3 degrees c above normal.
it is likely that heat wave conditions will hit the region earlier than expected, he added.
the core heat wave zone spreads over punjab, himachal pradesh, uttarakhand, delhi, haryana, rajasthan, uttar pradesh, gujarat, madhya pradesh, chhattisgarh, bihar, jharkhand, west bengal, odisha and telangana and the meteorological subdivisions of marathwada, vidarbha, and madhya maharashtra in maharashtra and coastal andhra pradesh in andhra.
this summer too will be hotter, imd said, with mean temperatures between march and may being 1 degree celsius above normal.
a draft imd report noted that 2017 was indias 4th hottest year, and the 4th consecutive record-breaking year, mostly because of record-breaking temperatures in the january- february period, classified as winter.
officials in mumbai cited unique conditions for heat wave conditions forming in the region.
the heat wave conditions are for isolated parts of the konkan coast, including mumbai, due to a lower-level anti-cyclonic circulation over gujarat and parts of maharashtra, which is pulling warm easterly to north-easterly winds over mumbai and surrounding areas.
the easterly winds are also not allowing the sea breeze (cool westerly winds) to settle over the city fast enough, said ks hosalikar, deputy director general, western region, imd.
there is an increase in the frequency and duration of heat waves according to imd officials.
the rise in average temperatures that is fuelling the heat waves is attributed to increasing greenhouse gas emissions and warming of sea surface temperatures.
the national disaster management authority reported recently that heat wave deaths have dropped significantly in recent years partly because of early warnings.
however, experts say the cost of heat waves go beyond fatalities and include health care costs and the loss of productivity.
when people are exposed to very high temperatures, they start developing a temperature and the bodys heat-regulation mechanism and circulation fails; people can die if they are not cooled down immediately, said dr dileep mavalankar, director of indian institute of public health, gandhinagar-public health foundation of india.
it isnt just mumbai and the north, hyderabad has seen an increase of 3-4 degrees c from normal in the minimum temperature during january and the first week of february.
we entered summer in the second week of february and the maximum temperatures are gradually rising.
it is quite common to have a deviation of 1.
5 to 2 degrees celsius during this period, but the deviation will go up to four to five degrees in the peak summer season in may, an official in the imd control room in hyderabad said, asking not to be identified.
responding to the imd forecast, west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee held an emergency meeting with the ministers and officials of the agriculture and irrigation department.
as the modi government completed three years in office on friday, it received both ovation and opprobrium, with the opposition accusing it of bringing the country to the verge of strife through divisive politics and the bjp insisting it laid the foundation for a new india.
prime minister modi received praise from president pranab mukherjee, who called him one of the most effective communicators.
mukherjee also lauded modi for giving a new direction to indias economy.
modi took to microblogging website twitter to claim in the three years that his government has been in power, it took concrete steps that transformed the lives of people.
sath hai, vishwas hai, ho raha vikas hai (there is cooperation, there is confidence and progress is being made), the prime minister tweeted.
last 3 years have seen concrete steps that have transformed peoples lives, said in another tweet.
along with the tweets, he posted graphics related to various sectors like agriculture, mobile banking, tele-density, women empowerment, make-in-india, tourism, electrification, solar energy and distribution of led bulbs.
referring to make-in-india, the graphic said that there has been a giant boost to investments in electronic manufacturing.
bjp chief amit shah said, with modi at the helm of affairs, the authority of the prime ministers office has been restored.
the bjp leader said indias self-confidence, pride and scale of ambition grew manifold in three years of the modi government.
india, he said, became the fastest growing major economy in the world after the government took a slew of measures, including economic reform, which tamed inflation and boosted gdp.
drawing a contrast between the 10-year upa rule and the modi government, shah said the former was marked by a scam almost every month, while even the rivals of the bjp-led dispensation have not been able to level a single charge of corruption against it.
taking a swipe at the upa, he said every minister was a prime minister in its government, while nobody took the real prime minister seriously.
however, the opposition would have none of it.
leaders of 17 opposition parties congregated for a luncheon meet hosted by congress president sonia gandhi and tore into the good governance claim of modi backers.
congress vice president rahul gandhi attacked the modi government, saying it had failed to deliver and instead divided and distracted people.
when they fail to deliver they divide and distract.
but anger and hatred will not convert into jobs or solutions, he tweeted.
the congress demanded a white paper on the governments employment strategy.
senior congress leader kamal nath said the hallmark of the modi government in the last three years has been bravado, rhetoric and hyperbole.
the future of this country is dark from the economic point of view and from the social point of view.
the country had never been so undivided.
the country is on the verge of seeing strife in the future, he said.
jd(u)s sharad yadav and rjd supremo lalu prasad said the government had failed on all fronts.
modi has failed on all fronts.
he has been successful only on one front and that is that the pakistan flag is fluttering in jammu and kashmir, lalu said.
cpis d raja asked what is there to celebrate?
, adding the government was a failure.
as the opposition leaders poured scorn on modi and his government, president mukherjee said, no doubt in the contemporary period, prime minister modi is one of the most effective communicators and perhaps can be compared with other illustrious prime ministers like pandit jawaharlal nehru and indira gandhi who communicated on their principle, on their ideas accepting the parliamentary form of government and particularly to have a secular constitution.
indian economy is moving steadfast.
the prime minister has given a new direction, no doubt.
various initiatives which he has taken clearly indicates the onward movement of india, mukherjee said at a book release function at rashtrapati bhavan.
addressing a press conference, amit shah said the modi government had laid the foundation of a new india and described it as a decisive and transparent dispensation which had achieved what past governments could not.
in 2014, the bjp replaced a government suffering from policy paralysis and gave people a decisive and transparent government, shah said.
national conference leader omar abdullah also acknowledged the achievements of modi, but said kashmir remained a dark blot for him.
pm modi has many achievements to boast of after 3 years and it would be petty to deny them but j&k remains a dark blot thats getting darker, omar wrote on twitter.
claiming this to be the first of its kind anywhere in india, the chief minister announced that in case of any demise in bpl-category families in the state, the state government will give an allowance of rs 2,000 to the family so that they can perform the last rites.
there are many families in the state who are unable to perform the last rites of the deceased due to lack of funds.
my government, which has a human face, will provide such families with an allowance of rs 2,000 so that the last rites of the deceased can be performed, said the chief minister at the inaugural session of the two- day conference of the state panchayat and rural development department here on friday.
she also advised the mplad funds can be utilized for making provisions for this cremation/burial allowance.
they work at the grassroots level and they deserve certain returns for their service, which the previous left front government ignored for 34 years, she said.
however, at the same time, mamatabanerjee admitted that due to lack of marketing, west bengal was not projected in the right perspective nationally as well as internationally.
the state government employees will all have to come forward and all the state government departments should work in a coordinated manner to project the state in right perspective without putting any extra pressure on the states exchequer, the chief minister said.
at the same time, she issued a note of caution for the state government employees to be dedicated to their work.
i will not have any mercy on those who neglect public duty, she said.
the supreme court on tuesday deferred the hearing on a plea seeking protection of doctors in government hospitals, saying there is no urgency to hear the matter since doctors have called off their strike in west bengal and other states.
a bench of justices deepak gupta and surya kant said it will not issue notice to the centre but is keeping the larger issue on doctors safety open.
we agreed to hear the plea today as there was a strike by doctors and medical fraternity in west bengal and other states.
the strike has been called off and there appears no urgency to hear the petition.
list (the matter) before an appropriate bench, it said.
on tuesday, the indian medical association (ima) filed an impleadment application seeking the courts intervention into the plea already filed.
it said that doctors across the country need to be protected.
the bench said it needs to take a holistic view in providing security to doctors.
we cant protect doctors at the cost of other citizens.
we have to look at the larger picture.
we are not against the protection given to doctors, the bench added.
doctors in bengal had been on strike since june 11, a day after two of their colleagues were assaulted by relatives of a patient who died last week.
they called off their protest on monday night after chief minister mamatabanerjee assured them that steps will be taken by her government to scale up security at government hospitals in the state.
mumbaiupdated: aug 03, 2019 00:15 istall opposition parties in maharashtra will hold a massive rally on august 21 to protest the use of electronic voting machines (evms) and demand the reintroduction of paper ballot system.
they will also go door-to-door requesting people to fill forms demanding reintroduction of the paper ballot system and submit it to the election commission (ec).
any party will not use its name or flag in this agitation.
we will all march with the tricolour.
this is a movement by people who want transparency in the electoral system, said maharashtra navnirman sena (mns) chief raj thackeray, who has taken the lead on the issue.
he urged the bharatiya janata party (bjp) and shiv sena to participate in it.
if the bjp is so confident of victory, it should support our campaign for ballot papers.
we will welcome if they emerge victorious through the ballot paper system, he said.
top opposition party leaders namely ajit pawar and chhagan bhujbal of nationalist congress party (ncp), balasaheb thorat who heads the congress in maharashtra, raju shetti of swabhimaani shetkari sanghatana, jayant patil of peasants and workers party, and sudhir sawant of aap addressed the media conference.
thorat also termed the lok sabha election results shocking.
the entire country was surprised and now people are doubting the system.
it is the responsibility of the election commission and the government to clear the issue.
we are asking for the paper ballot, said thorat.
bhujbal said, when developed countries like the us and japan, which developed this technology, abandoned this system, why is india sticking to it?
to which, thackeray added, how can we trust the evm chips made in a foreign country [the us]?
in 371 constituencies, there were more votes during counting than that were polled.
the state ec defended itself saying the machines are tamperproof.
we take all precautions to ensure fair polls and there is nothing suspicious in the evms. moreover, it ensures a clear system and even the results are faster, said a sec official.
thackeray has been meeting opposition leaders namely upa chairperson sonia gandhi and west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee to seek their support for the ballot paper demand.
reacting to the developments, chief minister devendra fadnavis asked the opposition to introspect.
they ruled for 10 years after being elected through evms. they need to realise that voters have rejected them as they have been cheating the people for years.
this morcha is actually an insult to the people who have given us their mandate, said fadnavis.
lending a new dimension to the tussle between chief minister mamatabanerjee and the saffron camp, kolkata police has denied permission for rss chief mohan bhagwats january 14 rally in the city, prompting the sangh to move calcutta high court for approval.
bhagwat is scheduled to address a rally and oversee a drill by swayamsevaks in their traditional attire on the occasion of makar sankranti.
earlier, rss had taken permission for bhukailash grounds in kidderpore (west kolkata) from the bhukailash trust that manages the ground, but the police turned it down.
thereafter, sangh leaders obtained the nod of the army to conduct the rally on iconic brigade parade grounds.
but the police again refused permission.
ironically, while refusing permission for the bhukailash grounds, police said it was too small for the crowd and may lead to law and order problems.
when we applied for a meeting in the maidans (brigade parade ground), the police turned down the plea on the basis that the ground is too big.
since gangasagar pilgrims are also passing through kolkata, it may be difficult for the police to sufficiently man the rally, said jishnu basu, rss secretary, south bengal.
on january 9, rss filed a petition in calcutta high court seeking permission to hold the rally at the brigade parade grounds.
the matter is being heard by the single bench of justice joymalya bagchi, said biplab roy, rss spokesperson in kolkata.
incidentally, kolkata police had also denied permission to a rally by bjp chief amit shah on november 2, 2014.
bjp eventually obtained permission from the court.
in december 2014, bhagwat addressed a rally, organised by viswa hindu parishad (vhp), at the parade grounds.
there he defended ghar wapsi which caused a national stir.
in bengal, hindus are at the receiving end.
with recent incidents like dhulagarh where tension between two communities ran high, sangh is the only platform to speak for hindus.
the government is trying to muffle our voice, alleged basu.
kolkata police refused to comment on the issue.
bhagwat is scheduled to reach kolkata on january 13 night.
after the rally on january 14, bhagwat will hold a series of meetings on january 15 with sangh and bjp leaders.
according to sources, state sangh and bjp leaders are awaiting his guidance at a time when the party is trying to spread its base in the state amid rising tension between communities.
a move by the khadi and village industries commission (kvic) to publish prime minister narendra modis photo on its 2017 calendar and table diary has triggered a controversy with the congress and other opposition parties taking strong exception to replacing mahatma gandhis picture.
however, the prime ministers office (pmo) dismissed the controversy as unnecessary.
kvic chairman vk saxena defended the move, saying there is no rule or tradition that only mahatma gandhis picture can be published on these items.
but the congress and other parties refused to buy this argument and took umbrage over modis picture spinning the charkha donning the cover page.
the mangalayaan effect, tweeted congress vice-president rahul gandhi.
apparently implying that modi was trying to take credit for kvics promotion like he had allegedly done after the landing of indias spacecraft mangalayaan on the mars.
it is most unfortunate that such a thing has happened.
nobody can replace mahatma gandhi.
these sorts of things do not define moral authority of the pmo, cpm general secretary sitaram yechury said.
the great symbol of charka (wheel) and mahatma gandhi now gets replaced by modi babu.
in the calendar and diary of khadi (kvic) 2017, modi replaced mahatma gandhiji.
gandhiji is the father of the nation.
modiji what?
?
?
the aap also attacked the pm saying, it wont be surprising if gandhis image is replaced with that of modis on currency notes.
.
.
he has reduced himself to a megalomaniac, aap leader dilip pandey said.
the mahatmas great grandson tushar gandhi also expressed outrage and said, anybody can become an icon of anything but in order to be appreciated it has to be sincere.
it has to be ideological and not just a mere photo prop.
now matter how much they pretend, they do not believe in gandhian ideology.
so there is no question of sincerity.
this is just a desperate attempt to snatch mahatmas legacy, he said.
but sources in the prime ministers office (pmo) diaries and calendars had not carried mahatma gandhis picture on several occasions.
in the calendars and diaries of 1996, 2002, 2005, 2011, 2012, 2013, 2016, there was no picture of gandhi.
so there is no question of modi replacing gandhijis picture.
(with agency inputs)read| is modi khadis new face or systematically easing out gandhi?
at joydev, believed to be the birthplace of 12th century sanskrit poet jaidev, the composer of gita govinda, trinamool congress (tmc) leader pradip chatterjee could be seen collecting money from local vegetable sellers on july 2.
chatterjee was nonchalant.
he said he does not demand cut money, or illegal commission, from funds sanctioned for constructing houses or toilets.
some beneficiaries (of the social welfare schemes) voluntarily donate.
we are now returning the money, said the booth unit president of the tmc.
chatterjee, and many more like him across west bengal, are in a spot.
chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjees june 18 appeal asking party leaders to return cut money have exposed such functionaries to constant public scrutiny.
though the tmc clarified later that 99.
99   of its leaders and workers were honest and that the cms warning was meant for just 0.
01 , bharatiya janata party (bjp) state president dalip ghosh said the ruling party believed in the culture of corruption.
during his election rallies for the lok sabha elections in bengal, prime minister narendra modi and amit shah, now the home minister, spoke about corruption in the ruling party.
now, with the backing of the bjp local leaders, people across the state, ranging from landless farmers to businessmen in cities, have started naming and shaming tmc leaders who allegedly took money from them.
some have returned the money even as the opposition claimed that it showed the practice was indeed prevalent and put the tmc further on the back foot.
in birbhum district, which has witnessed the violent clashes between tmc and bjp supporters, trilochan mukherjee, a tmc booth president, became the first ruling party leader to return money to villagers.
on june 25, mukherjee handed over r2.
28 lakh to 141 mahatma gandhi national rural employment guarantee scheme (mgnrega) beneficiaries in koma gram panchayat.
mukherjee refused to talk about returning the money but maintained that allegations against him were false.
mukherjee is not only one.
tmc booth president pradip chatterjee (in joydev village) returned rs 10,000 to me and my father, dulal bagdi.
tmc took it when we were building our house under pm awas yojana, said ananda bagdi, a resident of the village.
chatterjee, who denied the charge, said they were preparing a list of people who gave tmc money to buy sweets.
the total amount cannot be more than r1 lakh.
things will be sorted out, chatterjee said.
these are just a few of many cases reported from across bengal.
during village visits, ht found that cut money problem was rampant.
for instance, rural beneficiaries of pradhan mantri awas yojna (pmay), who got money for building a house, had to pay a commission to local tmc leaders.
only if we paid, the officials used to release the money, said a villager of chatra who refused to be identified, claiming he could be targeted by tmc local leaders.
around 198 km from kolkata, chatra has around 506 voters and is among poorest of the 12 villages in the gram panchayat.
tmc leaders demanded rs 8,000 for releasing rs 1.
20 lakh for my house.
after bargaining, they settled for rs 4,000.
they also took rs 900 for releasing rs 10,000 for the toilet, said dulal mal at chatra.
his neighbour, tanu mal, is now hopeful to getting the money back.
finally, we may get our money back.
invisible projectsat mathpalsa gram panchayat in birbhums sainthia block, one of the biggest contributosr to the cut money kitty was a rs 20 lakh road that was never build under mgnrega, said district officials who visited the site last month.
an official on condition of anonymity said rs 20 lakh was shown to have been spent for building the road that is not there.
after enquiry, it was found that job cards were issued and money was transferred to villagers banks accounts, the official said.
the money went into about 400 accounts and the highest payment was rs 8,000-rs 10,000.
some account holders said that they got up to rs 1,000 each and rest went to panchayat leaders, the official said, adding that mgnrega workers never saw their job cards and many gave access to their bank accounts to local (tmc) leaders to withdraw the money.
abhijit saha, head of mathpalsa gram panchayat and a tmc leader, said the allegations were baseless.
the money trailwhether it is a farmer, a civil contractor or owner of a small factory, everybody is affected by this tolabaji (extortion).
a very broad ballpark figure could be rs 30,000 crore a year if we add up the states budgetary allocations for social welfare schemes and development projects as well as the money extorted from private builders, businessmen, small traders, job seekers and even rickshaw pullers, said professor indraneel dasgupta of the indian statistical institute and an alumnus of the university of california.
several local-level tmc leaders claimed that the money went to the higher-ups in the party.
i gave money to my seniors in the party.
please ask them where the money went, said lalu hazra, a tmc booth committee member in joydev, repeating a common argument of lower-rung leaders in districts such as hooghly, birbhum and bardhaman.
on june 27, kalimoy gangopadhyay, a tmc panchayat leader accused of extorting villagers at bardhamans mangalkot, said, i took the money at the instruction of our block president ramjan sheikh.
sheikh said the allegations were baseless and engineered by the bjp.
a tmc leader in suri block ii, who did not wish to be identified, said: the money we collect is handed over to local leaders who possibly send it up the ladder.
however, we get an additional cut from the civil contractors engaged in rural projects.
senior party leaders deny the charge.
there are a few black sheep who extort money and keep it.
we are seeking explanation from leaders against whom cut money complaints have come, said patha chatterjee, the state education minister and a tmc spokesperson.
the political battlein the state where the bjp is finding its foothold and won 18 of the states 42 seats in the recently held lok sabha elections, the opposition party is intensifying its protests on the issue.
the party, which won just four seats fewer than what the tmc bagged and emerged as the main challenger for the 2021 assembly elections, has seen a political opportunity.
at bhromorkole village in birbhums sainthia block, around 192km from kolkata, bjp worker pathik bagdi said, most of the beneficiaries of welfare schemes in our area are tmc functionaries and members of their family.
every time we raise questions, we face intimidation.
kalo sona mandol, the bjps birbhum district general secretary, said their sustained campaign against the tmc was working as they were receiving hundreds of complaints over cut money.
the people are supporting us because tmc leaders made a mockery of the system at every level, he said.
tmcs birbhum district president anubrata mondal, a strongman known for his vitriolic speeches, however, said that the cut money controversy was a well-planned propaganda by the bjp.
had there been so much corruption, bengal would not have transformed in seven years.
we will give a befitting reply, he said.
suvashis maitra, political analyst and columnist, said, by speaking against corruption in her own party, mamatabanerjee has at least been able to shift public focus away from the bjp.
till now, bengals political narrative was building up entirely around the saffron force.
banerjee is regularly encouraging people to speak up.
nobody, however, can say with certainty this will help her regain lost ground.
the opposition, which wanted to give a tough fight to the narendra modi government for next months presidential elections, is now facing a key challenge of keeping a united front.
in the first meeting of the opposition sub-group formed to find a probable name for the post on wednesday, the parties could not agree to announce its candidate.
moreover, there were indications that some partners may slip away.
sharad pawars nationalist congress party (ncp) has already given a hint that if the government puts a maharashtrian candidate, it may have to think otherwise.
in wednesdays meeting, ncp leader praful patel said the opposition should wait as the government wants to talk to them.
the congress-led 17 party bloc has given up its hopes about both the factions of the aiadmk and telangana rashtra samithi.
it is also not very hopeful about poaching the shiv sena from the ruling squad, even as sena is disgruntled and maintained its distance from the bjp on many occasions.
we had approached the shiv sena.
they told us that they will maintain an independent position, said a senior opposition leader.
naveen patnaiks biju janata dal has so far remained non-committal.
the bjd and aam aadmi party have skipped both the meetings of the opposition parties.
patnaik is increasingly wary about the rise of the bjp in his state, the opposition, however, has not been able to leverage it to its benefit.
there are also question marks over nitish kumars janata dal(united) after he skipped the opposition meeting on may 25 but joined a dinner hosted by the pm.
jd(u) representative sharad yadav was initially reluctant to join wednesdays meeting on the pretext that he has a house panel meeting to attend in guwahati.
finally, he was pursued to stay back.
trinamool congress representative derek obrien, surprisingly, did not commit to any decisions of the 10-member opposition panel on wednesday.
he merely maintained that he has to consult his leader mamatabanerjee banerjee.
there are strong speculations about banerjees reaction in the trinamool camp that if the bjp proposes foreign minister sushma swarajs name as the next president.
for, mamatabanerjee maintains an excellent equation with swaraj even as she is opposed to prime minister modi.
the notification for the july 17 polls was issued on wednesday, beginning the nomination process for the election.
the last date for filing papers is june 28.
multiple sources told hindustan times on wednesday former diplomat gopalkrishna gandhi could be the potential opposition candidate for the july 17 presidential election, with left parties pushing for mahatma gandhis grandson for the countrys highest post.
the government, however, is trying to build consensus for its own candidate and two union ministers, rajnath singh and m venkaiah naidu, are expected to meet congress chief sonia gandhi on friday, bjp sources said.
they will also hold a meeting with cpi (m) leader sitaram yechury.
the presidential election involves a complex voting pattern involving all parliamentarians and state legislators.
the national democratic alliance needs around 20,000 more votes to ensure the victory of its candidate and the reach out to the opposition is seen as an exercise to test if there could be a consensus and ensure a greater margin of victory.
the lok sabha elections 2019 have entered the last lap with phase 7 voting scheduled for may 19 when 59 seats across 7 states and 1 union territory will go to polls.
key candidates in the fray on may 19 are pm modi from varanasi, union minister manoj sinha from ups ghazipur, sad leader harsimrat kaur badal from bathinda, preneet kaur from patiala, sunny deol from gurdaspur, anurag thakur from hamirpur and misa bharti from patlipura.
in this phase, 8 seats each will vote in bihar and madhya pradesh, 13 each in punjab and uttar pradesh, 4 in himachal, 1 in chandigarh, 9 in west bengal and 3 in jharkhand.
the counting of votes will take place on may 23.
here is a look at some key contests in this phase:uttar pradeshvaranasiin the ring: narendra modi (bjp), shalini yadav (sp), ajay rai (congress) and atiq ahmed (independent)quick take: prime minister narendra modi is again contesting from here, which most observers say, will be a one-sided contest.
the sp tried to replace its candidate shalini yadav with former border security force jawan tej bahadur yadav but his nomination paper was rejected.
so, shalini yadav is in the fray with congress ajay rai and independent atiq ahmed.
2014 results: the bjp prime ministerial candidate narendra modi defeated his nearest rival aam aadmi partys arvind kejriwal by a margin of 3.
7 lakh votes.
also watch | lok sabha elections | big fights to watch out for in final phase of votingmaharajganjin the ring: pankaj chaudhary (bjp) , akhilesh singh (sp) , supriya srinate (congress)quick take: sitting bjp mp and the partys candidate for 2019 pankaj chaudhary has won the seat five times, the first time being 1991.
this time around, the contest has become tough for him with sp and bsp coming together.
the congress candidate, supriya srinate is likely to cut into the vote share of both bjp and the gathbandhan.
2014 results: pankaj chaudhary of bjp defeated his nearest rival kashi nath shukla of bsp by a margin of 2.
4 lakh votes.
gorakhpurin the ring: ravi kishan (bjp), ram bhual nishad (sp) and madhusudhan tiwari (congress)quick take: its a tough straight contest between the sp-bsp gathbandhan candidate and the bjp.
gorakhpur had been a citadel of up cm yogi adityanath.
sp won the 2018 bypolls necessitated by yogi vacating the seat after becoming uttar pradesh chief minister.
yogi has picked ravi kishan in a bid to win back the seat using bhojpuri star power.
the sp is contesting to retain the seat, even though it did not field the sitting mp praveen kumar nishad, whose party is now part of the nda alliance.
2014 results: yogi adityanath of bjp won the seat by defeating his nearest rival rajmati nishad of sp by a whopping margin of 3.
12 lakh votes.
in 2018 by-poll praveen nishad of sp defeated upendra dutt shukla of the bjp by 21,000 votes.
kushinagarin the ring: vijay dubey (bjp) , rpn singh (congress) ,nathuni prasad kushwaha (sp)quick take: the 2009-2014 congress mp on the seat, rpn is contesting against bjps candidate vijay dubey and gathbandhans candidate nathuni prasad kushwaha.
the constituency is said to be a family bastion of singh, who lost to rajesh pandey of bjp in the modi wave of 2014.
2014 results: rajesh pandey of bjp won the seat by defeating the 2009 congress mp on the seat rpn singh by a margin of 85,000 votes.
deoriain the ring: ramapati ram tripathi (bjp), niyaz ahmed (congress), binod kumar jaiswal (bsp)quick take: bjp did not field 2014 winner kalraj mishra, who had won by a huge margin.
instead, ramapati ram tripathi is the new candidate.
the first runner up in 2014, bsps niyaz ahmed is now the congress candidate and the bsp has fielded binod kumar jaiswal as the gathbandhan candidate.
2014 results: kalraj mishra of bjp defeat his nearest rival niyaz ahmed of bsp by a huge margin of 2.
65 lakh votes.
bansgaonin the ring: kamlesh paswan (bjp), kush saurabh (congress), sadal prasad (bsp)quick take: the bjp candidate kamlesh paswan won the seat in 2009 and 2014, but now the contest has turned tough with sp and bsp coming together.
the combined vote share of sp and bsp is fractionally higher than that of kamleshs.
2014 results: kamlesh paswan of bjp defeated his nearest rival sadal prasad of bsp by a margin of 1.
8 lakh votes.
ghosiin the ring: harinarayan rajbhar (bjp), bal krishna chauhan (congress), atul kumar singh (bsp)quick take: the 78-year-old harinarayan rajbhar is the oldest bjp candidate in the fray in up.
the sitting mp, harinarayan, is in a tough fight with the gathbandhan candidate atul kumar singh (bsp) as the combined vote share of sp and bsp in 2014 on the seat was higher than harinarayans.
2014 results: harinarayan rajbhar of bjp defeated his nearest rival dara singh chauhan of bsp by a margin of 1.
46 lakh votes.
salempurin the ring: ravindra kushwaha (bjp), rajesh mishra (congress), rs kushwaha (bsp)quick take: the sitting bjp mp ravindra kushwaha is in a straight fight with rs kushwaha (bsp) the gathbandhan candidate.
2014 results: ravindra kushwaha of bjp defeated his nearest rival ravi shankar singh of bsp by a margin of 2.
34 lakh votes.
balliain the ring: virendra singh (bjp) and sanathan pandey (sp), congress is not contestingquick take: bjp has replaced its sitting mp bharat singh with virendra singh, who is in a straight fight with the gathbandhan candidate sanathan pandey.
sp did not repeat its 2014 candidate neeraj shekhar, rajya sabha mp and son of the late prime minister chandra shekhar, who lost in 2014.
chandra shekhar had won eight times from here, neeraj twice.
2014 results: bharat singh of bjp defeated his nearest rival and then ballia mp, neeraj shekhar of samajwadi party by 1.
4 lakh votes.
ghazipurin the ring: manoj sinha (bjp), afzal ansari (bsp) and ajit pratap kushwaha (congress)quick take: the sitting bjp mp and union minister manoj sinha is in a direct fight with gathbandhan candidate afzal ansari (bsp), who is the brother of the local don and politician mukhtar ansari.
the ansari brothers have sizeable influence in the area .
the combined vote share of sp and bsp in 2014 was 20  higher than manoj sinhas 31 .
but, sinha has done a lot of development work in the constituency and hopes on get pro-incumbency votes.
2014 results: bjps manoj sinha won the seat by a margin of 32,000 votes against sps shivkanya kushwaha.
chandauliin the ring: mahendra nath pandey (bjp), sanjay chauhan (sp), shivkanya kushwaha (jap--a congress ally)quick take: the bjp state president and sitting mp on the seat, mahendra nath pandey, is contesting to retain the seat and prestige.
but the contest is tough against gathbandhan candidate sanjay chauhan of sp as the combined vote share of sp and bsp was higher than pandeys in 2014.
2014 results: mahendra nath pandey of bjp won the seat against his nearest rival anil kumar maruya of bsp by a margin of 1.
56 lakh votes.
mirzapurin the ring: anupriya patel (apna dal-- a bjp ally), ram charitra nishad (sp), lalitesh pati tripathi (congress)quick take: the union minister and the sitting mp on mirzapur seat is in a tough triangular contest with the gathbandhan and the congress.
the gathbandhan has an edge as it has fielded the sitting bjp mp on machlishahar seat and gets an advantage of sp and bsp combined vote share.
lalitesh pati tripathi may cut votes of both bjp and the gathbandhan.
2014 results: anupriya patel of apna dal, a bjp ally, won the seat by a margin of 2.
19 lakh votes against his nearest rival samudra bind of bsp.
robertsganjin the ring: kailash nath (sbsp--a bjp ally), bhai lal kol (sp), bhagwati prasad chaudhary (congress)quick take: bjp won the seat in 2014, but this time the seat was given to ally shuheldev bharatiya samaj party.
the gathbandhan with its combined vote share has an edge in the straight fight.
2014 results: chotelal of bjp won by a margin of 1.
9 lakh votes against his nearest rival sharada prasad of bsp.
punjabbathindain the ring: harsimrat kaur badal (sad), amrinder singh raja warring (congress), baljinder kaur (aap) and sukhpal singh khaira (punjab ekta party)quick take: harsimrat, the daughter-in-law of five-time former cm parkash singh badal and wife of party president sukhbir singh badal, won the seat in 2009 and 2014, but has a tough fight at hand this time and is counting on development during the 10-year akali rule.
warring is trying to tap into the anger against the akalis over the 2015 sacrilege and police firing incidents.
the aap had done well in the constituency in the 2017 state polls, but is in disarray due to constant internal bickering.
2014 result: harsimrat badal won the seat by defeating her estranged brother-in-law manpreet singh badal of congress by 19,395 voteskhadoor sahibin the ring: jagir kaur (sad), jasbir singh dimpa (congress) paramjit kaur khalra (punjab ekta party)quick take: the panthic constituency (known as tarn taran before delimitation) has been an akali stronghold.
the sad won the seat six consecutive times, but its nominee jagir kaur, is locked in a close triangular contest with dimpa and khalra this time.
the pep nominee, widow of human rights activist jaswant khalra who was killed by cops, is a dark horse.
rebel akali leader and sitting mp ranjit singh brahmpura, who floated his separate party, has backed khalra, whereas sam pitrodas hua toh hua remark on 1984 anti-sikh riots is likely to dent the congress chances.
2014 result: ranjit singh brahmpura of sad defeated harminder singh gill of congress by 100,569 votespatialain the ring: preneet kaur (congress) dr dharamvira gandhi (nawan punjab party) surjit singh rakhra (sad)quick take: chief minister amarinder singhs wife and former union minister preneet kaur is facing a triangular battle in her bid to reclaim the partys lost turf.
she had won the seat in 1999, 2004 and 2009, but suffered a shocking loss in the family fortress in 2014.
she was defeated by a political greenhorn, dr dharamvira gandhi of aap.
the congress candidate is harping on development, whereas gandhi, who turned rebel and formed his separate party, is counting on his popularity.
sads rakhra sees modi magic as his best bet.
gandhis npp is a constituent of six-party punjab democratic alliance.
2014 result: dr dharamvira gandhi of aap defeated preneet kaur of congress by 20,942 votesgurdaspurin the ring: sunil jakhar (congress) and sunny deol (bjp)quick take: the contest in gurdaspur constituency, which borders pakistan is between two outsiders  punjab congress president and sitting mp sunil jakhar and actor-turned-politician sunny deol.
though jakhar had won the seat by a 1.
93 lakh votes in the 2017 lok sabha bypoll after death of four-time mp and actor vinod khanna, sunnys roadshows have been a huge hit, causing worry in the congress camp.
the bjp candidate is banking on modis sway and his own appeal in the star-struck constituency.
on the other hand, jakhar, whose party is in power in punjab, is promising development, but has had to battle anti-incumbency against party mlas.
2014 result: vinod khanna of bjp defeated partap singh bajwa of congress by 136,065 voteschandigarhin the ring: kirron kher (bjp) and pawan kumar bansal (congress)quick take: it is 2014 election minus aam aadmi partys gul panag, who is not contesting.
the local issues are dominating the polls even though kher hopes to defeat bansal again riding on prime minister narendra modis popularity.
her inaccessibility is a major issue as compared to more accessible bansal, a local resident, and former mp.
2014 result: bjps kirron kher defeats congresss bansal by 69,642 votes.
biharpatna sahibin the ring: ravishankar prasad (bjp), shatrughan sinha (congress)quick take: the battle for patna sahib has turned into a prestige battle between the bjp and shatrughan sinha.
the saffron party is leaving no stone unturned for ravishankar prasads victory, who is contesting the elections for the first time.
the party president amit shah held a roadshow in his support on may 11.
2014 result: shatrughan sinha of bjp defeated kunal singh of congress by 265,805 votes.
patliputrain the ring: ram kripal yadav (bjp) and misa bharti (rjd)quick take: patliputra will see a battle royal between union minister ram kripal yadav and lalu prasads eldest daughter and rajya sabha mp misa bharti.
yadav had quit the rjd and joined the bjp after being denied a ticket by lalu prasad in favour of his daughter .
bharti lost the polls in 2014.
this time, left parties have extended their support to bharti.
2014 result: ram kripal yadav (bjp) defeated misa bharti (rjd) by more than 40,322 votesbuxarin the ring: ashwani kumar choubey (bjp) and jagadanand singh (rjd)quick take: union minister ashwani choubey is fighting anti-incumbency and caste combinations and is banking on modi factor for a win.
he is pitted against the rjds jagadanand singh.
2104 results: ashwini kumar chowbey (bjp) defeated jagadanand singh (rjd) by over 63,000 votes.
west bengaldiamond harbourin the ring: abhishek mamatabanerjee (trinamool congress), nilanjan roy (bharatiya janata party), fuad halim (communist party of india-marxist), soumya aich roy (congress)quick take: abhishek mamatabanerjee , the ruling party candidate in diamond harbour constituency and nephew of chief minister mamatabanerjee , is also the heir apparent of the trinamool congress.
he is easily the most important face in the party after his aunt, and the party has pulled out all stops to ensure that he wins with a handsome margin.
though 31-year-old mamatabanerjee did not win by a big margin in 2014, his party candidates won all the seven assembly constituencies that constitute diamond harbour seat in the bengal assembly polls in 2016.
2014 result: abhishek mamatabanerjee (trinamool congress) defeated abul hasnat (communist party of india-marxist) by 71,298 votes.
jharkhanddumkain the ring: jmm patriarch shibu soren is up against bjps sunil soren.
quick take: jmm president and three term chief minister shibu soren is looking for a record ninth win from the seat in the tribal-dominated santhal pargana division, considered a party stronghold.
he is up against bjps sunil soren, who lost to the jmm president in 2014 by around 39,000 votes.
sunil soren is a former jmm legislator and the saffron party is banking on him to wrest the seat from the jmm president in order to make inroads into santhal.
a victory against shibu soren would be a major boost to the ruling partys prospects in the state assembly elections scheduled later this year.
2014 result: shibu soren of jmm defeated sunil soren of bjp by 39,193 votes.
himachal pradeshhamirpurin the ring: anurag thakur of bjp and ramlal thakur of congressquick take: the bjp has never lost from hamirpur lok sabha seat since 1998.
the seat is a family borough of former chief minister prem kumar dhumal.
his son anurag has won three consecutive elections since 2008, when he contested in a by-poll after his father got elected as chief minister of himachal.
the congress has fielded former state minister ramlal thakur, who is considered a strong rajput community leader and has good support base .
2014 result: anurag thakur defeated congresss rajender singh by 98,403 lakh votesmadhya pradeshkhandwain the ring: arun yadav (congress), nandkumar singh chauhan (bjp), dayaram korku (bsp)quick take: arun yadav and nandkumar singh chouhan former presidents of their respective state units are fighting for their political survival.
going by 2018 assembly election results, congress looks strong as it won four out of eight seats against bjps 3 seats.
chauhan is seeking votes in name of modi whereas yadav, whose father subhash yadav had won almost all elections from the region, on the work done by the congress government in the last four months.
yadav had defeated chauhan from the same seat in 2009 parliamentary elections by 49, 081 votes.
2014 result: nandkumar singh chauhan (bjp) defeated arun yadav (congress) by 259,714 votes.
the assam police on thursday registered a case against west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee following complaints alleging she made inflammatory speech over the updating of the national register of citizens (nrc) in the northeastern state.
the bharatiya janata party-led coalition government in assam also condemned mamatabanerjee for her remarks on wednesday that the narendra modi government was conspiring to strike off the names of 12.
5 million bengalis from the updated nrc to eventually drive them out in a move similar to bongal kheda of the 1960s that made over 50,000 take refuge in bengal.
what she (banerjee) said is unbecoming of a chief minister and is an insult to the supreme court, which is monitoring the nrc updating exercise taken up by the registrar general of india (rgi).
the state government is merely a facilitator, assam industries minister chandra mohan patowary said.
our government has taken utmost care to ensure a smooth updating exercise, but her party and others are unhappy that there has been no violence or communal tension to cash in on, he added.
while social activist kailash sharma and advocate tailendra nath das lodged separate police complaints against mamatabanerjee for her inflammatory speech, the state bjp urged the registrar general of india and the officials involved in the nrc exercise to file a case against her in the supreme court.
banerjee made the comment to lure bengali-speaking people towards trinamool congress because the bjp is gaining ground in her state.
bengalis in assam have had no issues with nrc but she is playing a dangerous game even if it means contempt of court, state bjp president ranjeet kumar dass said.
the nrc of 1951 is being updated in assam under the supervision of the supreme court to identify original residents of the state in order to check illegal migration.
its first draft was published on december 31 midnight.
the all india united democratic front (aiudf) also lashed out at banerjee.
at a time when the situation in assam is sensitive on the citizenship issue, such a statement from a responsible person like mamatabanerjee di is uncalled for and condemnable.
the nrc is being prepared under the guidance and supervision of the sc and we have full faith on the government machinery and hope for an error-free nrc with the names of all genuine citizens, aiudf chief maulana badruddin ahmed said.
the congress, on the other hand, shot off a letter to rgi alleging deliberate negligence on the part of nrc authorities in verifying documents in 208 nrc sewa kendras across 13 districts.
most of these districts  such as barpeta, dhubri, goalpara, nagaon, morigaon, karimganj and hailakandi  are muslim-dominated.
after publication of part of the draft nrc at the stroke of december 31 midnight, it has come to light that in these 208 centres, only a few applications were verified as a result (of which) names of only 10  of the population have appeared, state congress president ripun bora wrote.
from the apparent view of the above situation, it reveals that religious minority and linguistic minority people are pre-dominant in these 13 districts.
therefore, utmost care should be taken in verifying the documents in these districts, bora said, demanding a probe into deliberate sloth in accommodating 90  of people in minority-dominated districts.
a journalist accompanying west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on her maiden trip to scotland last year was caught stealing cutlery at a dinner party hosted in a prominent hotel in edinburgh.
the incident took place in edinburgh on november 17, a day after mamatabanerjee addressed delegates at a business meeting organised to woo local investors.
banerjee was accompanied by a team of senior journalists and editors of local newspapers and television channels along with government officials.
the journalist, who is aged around 60, initially denied the charge and even tried to get out of trouble by putting the stolen item inside the bag of a fellow journalist from a bengali news television channel.
but he was caught on security cameras installed inside the banquet hall and had to give in.
the hotel staff threatened to hand him over to the police but finally let him off with a fine of 50 pounds.
since the incident brought shame to the entire fraternity and even tarnished the image of the state, journalists decided not to speak about it.
however, some members of the delegation recently revealed the incident to janashartha barta, a small bengali tabloid.
the tabloid carried a report on january 8 but mistakenly stated that it happened in london.
the scribe in question works for a bengali daily with limited circulation but figures among journalists known to be close to the bengal chief minister.
in the past, he had been part of media teams that went abroad with mamatabanerjee , said one of the editors, who was present at the party, on condition of anonymity.
the scribe had to pay the fine from his own pocket.
it became a shameful episode since bengalis living in edinburgh, who were otherwise enthused to see the chief minister in their city, came to know about the theft, said the editor.
the editor said the chief minister was not present at the dinner where the theft took place since it was privately hosted by an industrialist.
she was furious when someone informed her the next day.
former ips officer bharati ghosh, who once addressed bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee as the mother of jangalmahal, was grilled on friday for about eight hours by state police a day after she filed nomination as the bharatiya janata party candidate from ghatal lok sabha constituency.
she was questioned by a team of officers from the criminal investigation department (cid) of the west bengal police.
ghosh is facing as many as 11 cases, nine of which were slapped in 2018 and two this year.
some of these charges relate to alleged extortion and illegal exchange of banned currency notes.
a team of 16 officers led by special superintendent (cid), indra narayan chakraborty, arrived at the rented accommodation of ghosh in kalmijor village and started interrogating her from about 10 am.
the questioning ended around 6 pm.
there was a short break around 2 pm.
before the cid team left, bjp supporters gathered in front of ghoshs residence and shouted slogans.
they (the officers) said that they would like to come tomorrow again for interrogation.
i told them it will not be possible for me to attend since i have campaign plans.
but i assured them of all cooperation.
i have requested them to come for interrogation after april 22.
meanwhile, i shall also inform the supreme court of the development through my lawyer, ghosh said after the interrogation.
asked about the interrogation, the former cop said, i enjoyed it.
i could have enjoyed a bit more had the questions been relevant.
ghosh also said that she had to cancel her campaign in pingla area on friday to attend the questioning.
polling will be held in ghatal on may 12.
this is nothing but one more shameless display of the ruling partys use of the state police against political opponents.
tmc has lost popular support and therefore they are afraid, said shishir bajoria, election committee member of the bjp in bengal.
the bjp found support from the cpi-m in bengal over the alleged misuse of the state agencies to target the opposition.
we, too, have many things to say against bharati ghosh, who shared a daughter-mother relation with the chief minister.
we demand the charges against her (ghosh) be properly probed.
but we condemn the timing of the interrogation.
it is evidently a plot to use the state machinery against the opponents, said rabin deb, central committee member of the communist party of india (marxist).
once extremely close to mamatabanerjee , ghosh (then superintendent of police of west midnapore district) hailed her as the mother of jangalmahal (former maoist-dominated forested areas of bengal) in 2016.
in march this year, bharati ghosh returned a medal and a certificate for commendable service that chief minister mamatabanerjee gave her on august 15, 2014.
in 2018, ghosh spent several months in hiding after the cid slapped cases against her under non-bailable sections.
late last year, she was granted relief by the supreme court following which she emerged from hiding and joined the bjp on february 4.
she joined the bjp in delhi the presence of union minister ravi shankar prasad and bjp national general secretary kailash vijayvargiya and alleged that thugocracy replaced democracy in bengal.
ghosh resigned from the police service in 2017 after she was transferred to a less insignificant post.
her relations with mamatabanerjee soured after local trinamool leaders alleged that she was in league with bjp leaders in west midnapore district.
mamata mamatabanerjee on friday called for the identification of those who are in touch with the bharatiya janata party (bjp) and their removal from the trinamool congress (tmc) even as she assured her party members that they would win the assembly elections in 2021.
addressing tmc leaders from bankura and jhargram districts in a closed-door meeting at the partys head office in kolkata, mamatabanerjee urged them to go back to the people to re-establish contacts with the common man.
the chief minister told us that we would win the elections to the state legislature scheduled in 2021.
however, she emphasised that we pinpoint those in the party who are keeping in touch with leaders in the bjp, said a ruling party leader.
banerjee also told her party leaders not to get involved in any clash with the supporters of any party, said another ruling party leader of bankura district.
she also pulled up a few leaders for losing contact with the people.
a ruling party leader also said that the chief minister urged them to reduce dependence on the administration and strengthen the party organisaiton.
significantly, seven ruling party mlas, more than 60 councillors and more than a dozen zilla parishad members have switched over from the tmc to the bjp since the lok sabha election results.
the bengal chief ministers comment on indentifying those with links to the bjp drew a sharp retort from a leader of the saffron party in the state.
how many tmc leaders will the ruling party identify?
from gram panchayat to legislators, tmc leaders from all levels are keeping in touch with me, retorted bjp jhargram district president sukhamay satpati.
the bjp wrested the jhargram lok sabha constituency from the ruling party by a margin of 11,767 votes.
banejee also told party members at the meeting that bjp leaders were distorting her comment on the issue of cut money.
since her statement, villagers in different districts have agitated in front of houses and offices of dozens of her party leaders, put up roadblocks, extracted written promises from a few that they would return the money and in a few cases, have actually succeeded in getting cash back.
in the 2019 lok sabha elections, the tmc vote share stood at 43.
28  and the bjp was breathing down its neck at 40.
25 , recording a jump of 23.
23 percentage points over 2014.
the tmc voteshare was 39.
79  in 2014.
tmc won 22 seats this year against its tally of 34 in 2014.
west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on friday launched a logo for the state, designed and conceptualised by her.
the logo contains the national emblem and the first vernacular alphabet of the word bengal placed in the middle.
it will be used in all official communications.
the centre approved the logo on wednesday.
read: mamatabanerjee the designer: west bengal cm makes logos and flags for statea few states have their own logo.
we will use this logo in all letterheads and other medium of communication.
we start using it from today.
it is a new year gift, said mamatabanerjee at the state secretariat.
this is a historic moment.
when we found that the state did not have a logo even 70 years after independence, we planned the logo and sent it to the centre for approval, she went on to add.
chief secretary malay kumar de said since the national emblem is incorporated in the logo, the government does not need to print it separately on stationery or other mediums.
read: i created biswa bangla brand, gave it to govt for free: mamatabanerjee banerjeeincidentally, mamatabanerjee , an enthusiastic painter, also has an inclination towards designs.
she has earlier designed biswa bangla logo, which has been used for promoting various schemes and programmes of the state governments.
she also designed flag to be used by ias officers on their official vehicles.
she even designed a durga idol for a community puja in the bhawanipore area.
in november last year, bjp leader mukul roy triggered a controversy alleging that the biswa bangla logo was registered in the name of abhishek mamatabanerjee , trinamool lok sabha mp and banerjees nephew.
on changing the name of the state as has been sought by her government, the chief minister said: the matter is also being pursued.
we will announce it when we obtain the permission.
the congress high command has tweaked its earlier stand of avoiding sharp criticism of chief minister mamatabanerjee and her party in bengal on the issue of arrest of two high-profile trinamool congress lok sabha mps in connection with the rose valley chit fund scam.
in its new approach the party leaders have decided that while it will continue floor coordination with trinamool congress and other opposition parties within parliament on the demonetisation issue, it will give congress leaders in bengal a free hand in coordinating with left front in organising united opposition in the state mainly on the two issues of tmcs involvement in chit fund scam and the deteriorating law and order situation.
the man responsible for convincing the congress high command to change its earlier stand of silence is the leader of the congress legislative party in west bengal, abdul mannan.
incidentally, he had a prominent role in striking an understanding with the left front before the 2016 west bengal assembly elections.
mannan argued that congress, which is now the principal opposition party in west bengal with 40 mlas in a house of 294 (two mlas have joined tmc after 2016 assembly polls), will lose all its relevance unless it aggressively organises protest meetings against the state government.
every day congress workers are attacked and killed in bengal.
trinamool is continuously poaching workers of congress either by use of muscle or money power.
over two crore people were affected by the ponzi scam.
in such a situation, congress cannot remain silent on such matters, and our central leadership is well aware of the situation, mannan told ht.
incidentally, immediately after the arrest of trinamool lok sabha members tapas pal on december 30 and sudip bandopadhyay on january 4, congress openly backed mamatabanerjee banerjees allegations that the arrests were prompted by political vendetta to silence trinamools relentless criticism against the demonetisation issue.
a senior aicc member told ht that mannans argument was that since congress is not maintaining floor coordination on demonetisation not only with tmc but also with other opposition parties including cpi(m), there is no harm in the bengal unit of congress to have coordination with left front against trinamool in the state.
his argument that the political strategy nationally need not be matching state-specific game plan sounded valid and, therefore, wbpcc was given a free-hand to chalk out its own strategy, the aicc member said.
over the past decades, congress in bengal has lost much of its significance first during the 34-year left rule, and subsequently in mamatabanerjee banerjees regime since 2011.
however, the results of the 2016 assembly polls proved that the left have performed the worst since independence, a fact that improved the position of congress by comparison.
significantly, the cbi investigation into the chit fund scams is a culmination of a long court battle by congress leader abdul mannan.
the investigation into rose valley (about rs 17,000 crore involved), mps group (about rs 4,000 crore) and saradha group (about rs 2,500 crore) apart from a host of other firms are all fruits of that litigation.
for the first time in its 125-year-old history, the indian football association (ifa) will create a chairmans post to accommodate president subrata dutta, who will make the seemingly parallel move in july.
for this, ifa, a body with 286 clubs which conducts the oldest league in asia and predates the all india football association (aiff) by 55 years, will have to amend its constitution.
we didnt want to lose the services of mr dutta, three generations of whose family has been involved with football in india and hence the decision, ifa general secretary utpal ganguly said at a media conference here on sunday, replying to why the post was needed.
read | unbeaten shillong lajong fc clinch u-18 youth league titledutta, the senior vice-president of aiff, has been ifa president since june 2014 after serving as its secretary from 2003-08.
the chairman will get a four-year term and could be asked to represent ifa at the national body.
he will also be a permanent member of ifas governing body.
this means duttas authority in ifa would stay the same.
it is, however, subject to the ifa constitution being amended before the first meeting of the new governing body on july 2.
being chairman would also not come in the way of him being an aiff president aspirant in 2020, said dutta.
the arrangement seems to be a way to accommodate the wish of bengal olympic association (boa) president ajit mamatabanerjee to head ifa.
banerjees brother swapan is boa general secretary and also that of the state boxing and hockey units.
read | indian company buys majority stake in spanish 4th tier club olimpic xativaswapan mamatabanerjee is also the football secretary of mohun bagan.
the banerjees are brothers of west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjee.
once appointed, ajit mamatabanerjee would be the first in over 30 years to jointly head ifa and boa.
he denied he wanted to challenge the sway of one family in football in the state -- duttas uncle prodyut was ifa secretary and his father biswanath too was involved in the state football body -- saying this would instead be a natural progression for someone who has been an ifa vice-president and connected to football for nearly 50 years.
thirteen weeks after she slammed private hospitals and healthcare institutes for overcharging and shoddy treatment, west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee hauled up private school authorities on wednesday for charging fat admission donations and fleecing parents.
she announced that there should a 15-member self-regulatory committee of the schools that should review the operations of the schools.
why should one pay rs 1.
65 lakh to admit a child to the nursery class?
she asked the authorities of modern school in kolkata.
she also readily accepted a proposal from the audience that school authorities should submit their accounts to the government so that the administration can keep a tab on claims of expenditure.
the education department secretary, representatives of the director general of police, the kolkata police commissioner and two archbishops will be members on this body.
schools that will have representatives on the committee include la martiniere, south point school, modern school, st xaviers, dps, heritage school, shri sikshayatan and loreto school, announced the chief minister.
i shall review the workings of the body after a year, she remarked.
last year, arvind kejriwals delhi government decreed that private schools built on delhi development authority land will need official nod before hiking fees.
only five out of 410 applicants were allowed to hike fees this year that was done after auditing the schools finances.
the chief minister remarked that the state government did not want to directly interfere in the operations of private educational institutions, and therefore, the task of regulation was best left to the institutes.
on february 22, she set up a regulatory commission for private healthcare units, something the medical fraternity has criticised.
compared to that meeting, however, she was mellow on wednesday.
she pulled up the authorities of la martiniere, heritage school and modern school, saying that the fees were unduly high.
it should be ensured that fat donations are not allowed and that the annual rise of fees is not too steep, said the chief minister.
in an hour-long meeting in town hall, the chief minister called out schools by name, asked for the fee structure and expressed surprise at the amount of money they charged.
you should control expenditure that are imposed on guardians over and above tuition fees under heads such as books, stationery, bags, shoes, uniform, computers, transport, said mamatabanerjee banerjee.
the malpractice that goes on in the name of donation cannot be allowed.
its not that every school does it, but many get tarnished.
impression matters, she remarked at the beginning of the meeting.
why do you take so much donation?
la martiniere authorities take maximum donation.
there have been police cases against the school.
please find out what is happening.
there may be touts who are raising money from the market.
dont allow the name of your institution to be tarnished, remarked the chief minister.
indiaupdated: sep 14, 2019 19:21 istwhere is former kolkata police commissioner rajeev kumar?
the ex-top cop was asked to present himself at the cbi office in salt lake at 10 am on saturday in connection with the saradha chit fund scam but officers of the agency said he not only failed to turn up, his phone was also switched off.
officers also spoke to officials at the kolkata airport to be on alert if his name crops up on any flight passenger list, inbound or outbound.
rajeev kumar was earlier asked by the calcutta high court to deposit his passport with the cbi.
on friday afternoon, soon after a single bench of calcutta high court removed his protective shield against arrest, a cbi team visited kumars official residence on park street, but did not find him.
removing the shield against coercive action, calcutta high court said on friday that the agency could summon him whenever it felt necessary for questioning.
while there has been speculation that the cbi is likely to arrest him, officers indicated that his fate will depend on whether he cooperates with the agency or not.
according to cid officers, rajeev kumar went on leave for 10 days beginning september 10.
kumar, a 1989 batch ips officer, is now the additional director general of the criminal investigation department of bengal police.
rajeev kumar is believed to be close to west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjee.
when there were reports in the media that the cbi may question the police chief, mamatabanerjee came to his support.
the kolkata police commissioner is among the best in the world.
his integrity, bravery and honesty are unquestionedwhen you spread lies, the lies will always remain lies, she said.
kumar is accused of tampering with and withholding vital evidence and documents and trying to shield influential persons who had received cash from the saradha group.
kumar was the chief of the sit had investigated the scam till 2014, when the cbi took over the probe following an order by the supreme court.
the rs 2,460-crore saradha scam is the politically most sensitive scam in bengal in which a minister (madan mitra), a rajya sabha mp (kunal ghosh) and a trinamool congress (tmc) vice-president rajat majumdar were sent to jail.
another rajya sabha mp (srinjoy bose) from trinamool congress was also questioned.
west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on tuesday congratulated the bjp on its likely victory in the karnataka election, but pointed out that the outcome would have been very different if the congress had joined hands with the janata dal (secular).
banerjee, however, did not specifically name the saffron party.
congratulations to the winners of the karnataka elections.
for those who lost, fight back.
if congress had gone into an alliance with the jd(s), the result would have been different.
very different, she tweeted around 11am.
banerjee had predicted barely four days ago that jd(s) leader hd kumaraswamy would become the next chief minister of karnataka after the elections throw up a hung house in keeping with exit poll predictions.
i think there will be a hung situation in karnataka, with both the congress and bjp getting a similar number of seats.
the role of jd(s) supremo hd deve gowda will become crucial in such a situation.
he can win 28-30 seats.
also read: track the karnataka election results on our live blog and interactive maps that provide real-time data and analysisthe karnataka results are being seen as a setback for the trinamool congress chief, who has been trying to cobble up an anti-bjp front of regional parties in the run-up to the 2019 lok sabha elections.
she also predicted that the bjp will go downhill in the karnataka, rajasthan, madhya pradesh and chhattisgarh elections this year.
if mayawati and mulayam singh yadav unite in uttar pradesh, around 50 to 60 seats will go to the alliance.
i believe lalu prasad will do well in bihar, no matter how many times you put him in jail.
the dmk will be a factor in tamil nadu.
i will not be surprised if they win 38 out of 39 seats, she stated.
the bengal chief minister claimed that the bjp cannot win the elections in maharashtra, telangana, odisha and tamil nadu because they have strong regional forces.
if these regional parties unite to form the government, there will be political stability in the country.
regional parties can make the congress and bjp rectify their flaws, she added.
the union government may rethink a new rule banning cattle trade for slaughter after the issue snowballed into a national controversy, prompting anger from state governments and at least one high court hearing petitions against the rule.
environment ministry sources said the department is examining petitions against the new rules.
we are still getting representations.
once all representations are received, they will be duly considered, a senior environment ministry official, requesting anonymity, told mint.
the official said a final call on it will be taken at the highest levelby the prime minister.
in a notification announced last week, the government said cows and buffaloes cannot be sold for slaughter at animal markets across india, allowing only farmland owners to trade at animal markets.
the notification covers bulls, bullocks, cows, buffalos, steers, heifers and calves, as well as the camel trade.
west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee and the cpi(m), which rules kerala, spoke in a rare voice of unity between the two arch rivals against the narendra modi government.
kerala chief minister pinarayi vijayan urged his counterparts to raise their voice against the restrictions on cattle trade, saying the centres anti-federal, anti-democratic and anti-secular move is an attempt to usurp power from the state governments.
their comments came on a day the kerala high court asked the central government to respond to petitions challenging the ban, according to local media.
focus on cows, considered sacred by hindus, and beef has increased since the bjp won power in 2014.
the partys ideological parent, the rashtriya swayamsevak sangh, has long pushed for a nationwide ban on cattle slaughter and trade.
but the beef ban was viewed as an attempt to limit peoples freedom to choose what they eat.
while the scope of the government rethink is unclear, reports have said the government could remove buffaloes from the purview of the ban.
on monday, a representation was also given to environment ministry asking them to remove buffaloes from the definition of cattle.
we also explained that trade has nothing to do with animal cruelty and that they are completely different (issues).
if we will not change this, it will prevent farmers from rearing buffaloes and will also affect the dairy industry in the long run, said fauzan alavi, spokesperson for the all india meat and livestock exporters association (aimlea), a trade lobby group of buffalo meat exporters, according to mint.
meat exporters are among the hardest hit by the ban, which could crimp supplies to a rs 1-lakh crore industry that sources about 90  of its requirement from animal markets.
the rest comes for licensed breeders.
the other group that the ban affects the hardest is muslims, who dominate the industry and are the main consumers of beef.
muslims are considered a key support base of mamatabanerjee banerjees trinamool congress, the cpi(m) and congress.
banerjee wondered why the trade curbs were announced on may 23, just before the islamic holy month of ramadan.
the cpi(m) said it will organise evening dharnas in 2,000 places across in kerala on june 2.
the date coincides with bjp chief amit shahs three-day tour to the southern state, where the party is trying to make inroads.
the congress has also attacked the ban, but it was seen on the backfoot after members of its youth wing slaughtered a cow in kannur and distributed the meat to people on saturday.
the bharatiya janata partys (bjp) failure to prove a majority in karnataka may not have a major bearing within the party, but the reversal dims the aura of invincibility that the bjp under amit shah has exuded over the past three years, senior leaders and political experts said.
shah managed to ride out the bjps defeats in delhi and bihar in 2015 (the bjp returned to power in bihar in 2017 when jd(u) chief nitish kumar broke away from his alliance partners and tied up with it) with electoral success in new territories like the north-east , making small inroads in west bengal and kerala and finally the scale of victories in states such as uttar pradesh and uttarakhand.
he came to be known as a modern-day chankaya, able to win the toughest of political battles and exploit the most adverse situations , such as in goa and manipur.
the abortive bid for power in karnataka, where the bjp didnt have adequate numbers in the assembly, may have two implications for shah and the party, a bjp leader said on condition of anonymity.
first, it emboldens the opposition into believing that shah and the bjp can be stopped.
euphoria has been palpable among opposition parties, some of which are trying to stitch up a federal front against the bjp in time for the 2019 general elections.
shahs term as bjp president ends this year, but he is most likely to remain at the helm until at least the next general election.
this means he will be in total command of the party.
shah had a huge psychological advantage over his rivals that it is the bjp that will form the government at the end, no matter what the numbers are, the bjp leader cited above said.
after karnataka, he doesnt have that advantage.
trinamool congress (tmc) president and west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee , one of the driving forces of the proposed anti-bjp front, was quick to react when yeddyurappa resigned on saturday without facing a trust vote, making way for a congress-janata dal (secular) coalition government.
bahujan samaj party (bsp) chief mayawati, too, called yeddyurappas resignation a blow to the bjp and insisted that the bjp will now have to alter its strategy for the next general election.
mayawati is seen as a potential claimant for the prime ministers post, following her alliance with akhilesh yadav of the samajwadi party in uttar pradesh, which elects 80 lok sabha mps.
the bjps aggression has made its allies anxious.
the telugu desam party (tdp) has walked out of the bjp-led national democratic alliance, the shiv sena has announced it will contest the 2019 election separately, and smaller parties such as suheldev bharatiya samaj party of om prakash rajbhar in uttar pradesh are upset over being ignored.
we certainly have got a problem, a second bjp leader said.
our rivals are emboldened, our allies are sulking and the karnataka fiasco gives both of them a reason to cheer.
bjps media cell chief and rajya sabha member anil baluni argues that the federal front is a chimera.
where is the federal front?
, he asked.
we are already fighting those parties in different states.
do you think lalu prasad will make any difference in tamil nadu or chandrababu naidu in up?
its a joke.
the second implication of the karnataka reversal could bring the spotlight back on how shah micromanages the party  he oversees everything from appointments to party posts, and selection of candidates to drafting of the bjps campaign strategy and managing resources.
it has helped the party win several states for the bjp, and earned shah the reputation of a master strategist.
if the credit goes to him, the blame will also rest with him, the second bjp leader cited above said.
in karnataka, the party brass is blamed for denying tickets to yeddyurappa loyalists such as udupi chikmagalur mp shobha karandlaje and his son by vijayendra.
the message did not go down well with bsy supporters, a karnataka bjp leader said.
what was surprising was not so much the recklessness of this attempt to form a government but how brazen they were about playing with norms, said gilles verniers, associate professor of political science at ashoka university.
in the process, they forgot that shadow politics loses its potency when in it is displayed in broad daylight.
in this case it clearly backfired.
the bjp will face electoral challenges in rajasthan, madhya pradesh, chhattisgarh and mizoram later this year, before it gets war ready for the 2019 general election.
a victory in karnataka could have ensured smoother sailing for shah in these states.
indiaupdated: aug 24, 2019 14:43 istarun jaitleys death on saturday plunged his friends and opponents in politics commoners alike into mourning.
president ram nath kovind led the country in paying tributes to the former finance minister and bjp stalwart.
extremely saddened by the passing of shri arun jaitley after battling a long illness with fortitude and dignity.
a brilliant lawyer, a seasoned parliamentarian, and a distinguished minister, he contributed immensely to nation building.
his passing leaves a huge void in our public life and our intellectual ecosystem, president kovinf tweeted.
shri arun jaitley possessed a unique ability of discharging the most onerous responsibility with poise, passion and studied understanding.
his passing leaves a huge void in our public life and our intellectual ecosystem.
condolences to his family and associates #presidentkovind  president of india (@rashtrapatibhvn) august 24, 2019prime minister narendra modi who is in dubai said he had lost a valued friend.
jaitley who had been battling a series of illnesses had opted out of the government in the ndas second term earlier this year.
he died of multiple organ failure at the all india institute of medical sciences in delhi on saturday, two weeks after he was admitted on august 9.
vice president m. venkaiah naidu described jaitley as an able administrator and a man of impeccable integrity.
outstanding parliamentarian, legal luminary, towering intellectual, an able administrator & a man of impeccable integrity, shri jaitley distinguished himself by effectively handling important portfolios as union minister in the cabinets of shri.
a. b vajpayee & shri narendra modi  vicepresidentofindia (@vpsecretariat) august 24, 2019union home minister amit shah who was closely associated with jaitley cut short his visit to hyderabad to return to delhi.
he described the former finance minister as a family member.
deeply pained by the demise of #arunjaitley ji.
it is like a personal loss for me.
i have not only lost a senior party leader but also an important family member who will forever be a guiding light for me, shah tweeted.
defence minister rajnath singh said jaitley was an asset to the government and the party organisation.
arun jaitley ji served the nation in several capacities and he was an asset to the government and the party organisation.
he always had a deep and clear understanding of the issues of the day.
his knowledge and articulation won him several friends.
rajnath singh (@rajnathsingh) august 24, 2019the congress also tweeted its condolences.
we are deeply saddened to hear the passing of shri arun jaitley.
our condolences to his family.
our thoughts and prayers are with them in this time of grief, it said.
delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal who lost a defamation suit to jaitley said his death was a loss to the nation.
untimely demise of former fm and senior leader sh arun jaitley ji is a huge loss to the nation.
a legal luminary and an experienced political leader known for his governance skills will be missed by the country.
thoughts and prayers with his family in this moment of grief.
rip  arvind kejriwal (@arvindkejriwal) august 24, 2019congress mp shahshi tharoor said despite political differences he had jaitley enjoyed a healthy mutual respect.
deeply saddened by the tragic passing of my friend&delhiuniv senior @arunjaitley.
we first met when he was at dusu& i was president of ststephenscollegeunion.
despite political differences we enjoyed a healthy mutual respect&debated his budget often in ls.
a great loss4india pic.
twitter.com/rzxo1v6ntv  shashi tharoor (@shashitharoor) august 24, 2019another congress leader, kapail sibal said as leader of opposition jaitley was without matchvery sorry to learn that arun jaitley is no more .
an old friend and a dear colleague will be remembered for his seminal contributions to the polity and as fm of india .
as leader of opposition he was without match .
he always stood steadfastly for his friends and for his party, tweeted.
former karnataka chief minister h d kumaraswamy said the bjp leaders contribution to nation building is immense.
extremely saddened at the passing away of arun jaitley ji, after a battle bravely borne.
an outstanding parliamentarian & a brilliant lawyer, appreciated across parties.
his contribution to indian polity will be remembered.
my condolences to his wife, children, friends & admirers  mamatabanerjee (@mamataofficial) august 24, 2019union minister smriti irani described the late leader as a stalwart who paid tribute to his simple beginnings by helping those with meagre means.
bjp leader mukul roy used a popular line from a bollywood film to take a dig at west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee after one more trinamool congress mla and ten district council members, including their chief, jumped ship.
trinamool congress mla wilson champramary, south dinajpur zila parishad president lipika roy and the other members were among those who switched sides to the bharatiya janata party.
champramary is the fifth tmc mla to have led the trinamool recently.
former mla and the tmcs ex-south dinajpur unit president biplab mitra also joined the bjp.
yeh trailer hai, film abhi baaki hai (this is just a trailer, the film is yet to begin), roy said on monday, according to news agency asian news international.
the defections have given the bjp a majority in the council, which has 18 seats.
south dinajpur zila parishad is the first district council in the state that has been taken over by the opposition party.
the ruling tmc won all the 22 zila parishads in the last panchayat elections in 2018.
the bjp wrested both south dinajpur and balurghat lok sabha seats from the tmc this year.
both these seats are in south dinajpur district.
mukul roy said that the tmc leaders joining the bjp are an extension of the first phase which will continue till chief minister mamatabanerjee collapses.
when the seven phases will complete, there will be no tmc government left in the state, he was quoted by ani as saying.
mitra, considered as one of the architects of the trinamool congress in the district in north bengal, was shunted out as the partys district president after the lok sabha polls.
the tmc has become a party of arrogant autocratic leaders.
i had built the party in the district from scratch from 1998 but i was made to feel like an outsider in the party.
my hard work of so many years was not respected, mitra said.
he hinted that several other tmc leaders from north bengal are also likely to join the bjp soon.
champramary, a three-term mla from kalchini constituency of north bengals alipurduar district, said he decided to switch to the bjp as he was fed up with the violence unleashed by trinamool congress in the state.
he also alleged that he was not allowed to work for the people in his constituency by the local ruling party leaders.
the defections came a day after tmc president mamatabanerjee threatened her partys erstwhile leaders, who have jumped the ship with consequences.
several trinamool leaders have already joined the bjp after the states ruling party lost ground and the saffron party make significant gains in the lok sabha polls in west bengal.
soon after the announcement of lok sabha results on may 23, two tmc mlas including mukul roys son shubrangshu and 63 municipal councillors had joined the bjp followed by another legislator munirul islam.
mamata banerjees partys mlas biswajit das and sunil singh along with more than 24 tmc councillors joined the bjp last week.
thousands of doctors held protests across india on friday and one of the leading unions announced a nationwide strike on monday, stepping up an agitation that began from kolkata and has now escalated into a public health worry with political overtones.
bengal bore the brunt of the protests on friday, with junior doctors digging in their heels after chief minister mamatabanerjee gave them an ultimatum the previous day.
at least one death, that of a child who could not be admitted to a government hospital, was reported.
we are demanding an immediate end to the violence against doctors.
the strike is in response to a grave situation, said rv asokan, secretary general of the indian medical association (ima), which claims to represent 350,000 doctors.
ima also wrote to union home minister amit shah calling for a new law to ensure the safety of doctors in the country.
stirs and demonstrations were witnessed across 17 states and union territories and involved about 100,000 doctors across india, according to reports from various medical associations.
trouble began on monday when three junior doctors at nrs medical college in kolkata were assaulted by the relatives of a patient who died during treatment.
on friday, at least a dozen prominent government hospitals in bengal were paralysed and hundreds of doctors threatened to resign and continue their agitation if the state government did not meet their demands.
we want an unconditional apology from the chief minister for the manner in which she addressed us yesterday.
she should not have said what she had, a spokesperson of the joint forum of junior doctors, dr arindam dutta, said while listing six conditions.
the other demands included a personal visit by mamatabanerjee to the injured doctors, a condemnation of mondays attack, and a judicial inquiry into alleged police inaction against the assailants.
a petition also flagged the matter to the calcutta high court, which refused to pass an interim order on the strike and asked the state government to persuade doctors to resume work and provide usual services to patients.
the court also directed the bengal government to spell out the steps it took following the attack.
the cm met five prominent doctors and her office invited four representatives of the doctors from nrs medical college, where mondays attack took place, to the state secretariat for discussion but the offer was turned down.
doctors in other states took out protest marches and wore black bands and helmets to work, as the fight reached the federal government and the supreme court as well.
patients in some major hospitals in the nation, such as the all india institute of medical sciences (aiims), were seen queued outside out-patient department (opd) sections as doctors participated in demonstrations.
doctors should resort to other simple and symbolic ways of protest.
as medical professionals, their duty is towards protecting the rights of their patients, said union health minister harsh vardhan in new delhi, when he also called on mamatabanerjee to not make this a prestige issue and resolve the matter with the protesters.
despite getting beaten up so badly, doctors have only asked her [mamata banerjee] to provide them adequate security and also demanded action against the perpetrators of the violence as per the law but instead of doing that, she warned them and gave an ultimatum which angered doctors across the country and they proceeded on strike, he said.
so if the chief minister acts in a sensitive manner in such a grave scenario, patients across the country will not suffer, he added.
bengal governor keshari nath tripathi on friday said he called up chief minister mamatabanerjee to discuss the strike but got no response from her.
i have called her up.
till this moment there is no response from her.
if she calls me, we will discuss the matter, he said while visiting one of the doctors injured in mondays attack.
a scuffle broke out at the emergency ward of a hospital in outer delhi on tuesday, causing injuries to guards at the facility in an incident that came a day after the culmination of a week-long protest across the country against assault on doctors and medical staff by angry relatives.
relatives of a minor rape victim threw chairs and attacked guards at the national capitals maharshi valmiki hospital on tuesday after doctors referred the six-year-old to another hospital for a medical test, saying they did not have the required facilities for the procedure.
the girl was brought to the hospital around 6pm after which she underwent general examination for rape.
however, protocol dictates that a deeper examination be conducted to check for internal injuries and bleeding.
for a child, it can be very painful and hence needs to be done under general anaesthesia.
maharshi valmiki, however, is a small hospital and we do not have the facility for general anaesthesia after 4pm, so the patient was referred to a higher centre, said dr sameer kakkar, who is a member of the resident doctors association at the hospital.
the incident came after a nationwide medical crisis, which began on last week with a strike following the attack on three doctors at kolkatas nrs hospital.
it was called off on monday evening after west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee met doctors and agreed to demands for better working conditions, especially safety.
detailing tuesdays incident of violence in delhi, medical superintendent of maharshi valmiki hospital dr rajiv sagar said: once the situation went out of control, guards from across the hospital came to the casualty department to manage the crowd.
in the scuffle, some of them did get minor injuries, but no one was hurt severely.
the staff managed to run away from the situation.
the delhi police said a formal complaint was not filed till late on tuesday night.
the girl was brought to the hospital for a medical examination after the parents alleged in the afternoon that a man from the neighbourhood had raped her.
the problem began after there was some miscommunication between the family of the survivor and the hospital guards, said gaurav sharma, deputy commissioner of police (outer north district).
he said a case of rape under the protection of children from sexual offences (pocso) act was registered in the case.
dr sagar said a police complaint was likely to be lodged over the incident on wednesday.
the relatives of the patient were there in the emergency department for nearly an hour, during which no hospital staff was able to enter the hospital.
i have already informed higher authorities and the police were called in to manage the situation.
an fir will likely be registered tomorrow morning.
for now, all emergency services at the hospital will have to be stopped.
medical services across india were paralysed for a week and protests spilled into the streets, including the national capital of new delhi over the kolkata incident.
the protests began after at least three junior doctors were beaten up by family members of a patient who died at the state-run nrs medical college.
cpi (ml-red star) leader alik chakraborty, who is leading an agitation against a proposed power grid in west bengals bhangar, was arrested from a private hospital in bhubaneswar on thursday.
west bengal police tracked his phone calls and arrested him from the hospital, where he had gone for treatment for chronic liver disease.
charged under various sections of unlawful activities (prevention) (uapa) act, chakraborty was wanted since january 2017.
though he mostly stayed in the villages that formed the epicentre of the agitation and participated in public meetings, police did not arrest him then as he was shielded by villagers and to avoid violence.
chakraborty will be produced before an odisha court for transit remand on friday and taken to bengal, said arijit sinha, superintendent of police, baruipur.
cpi(ml-red star)s west bengal secretary has demanded his immediate hospitalisation as he has been suffering from choric liver ailments and requires regular treatment.
although west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee has promoted the power grid project several times, work has been remained stalled since january last year as two persons were killed in firing by goons who allegedly had the ruling partys backing.
although chakrabortys arrest is expected to deal a blow to the movement, mirza hasan, spokesperson of jami, jibika, poribesh o bastutantra raksha committee, which is spearheading the agitation, said it will not dampen our spirit.
it was proved beyond doubt during rural polls that people in these areas stand united and are ready to go to any extent to stall this project, hasan said.
in the recently held village panchayat polls, the group had won five of the eight contested.
amidst the widespread violence during the polls which hindered opposition parties from filing nominations, in an unprecedented move, the state election commission accepted the groups nominations filed through whatsapp.
the calcutta high court heard their petition and allowed them the special privilege.
pushing her rivalry with the union government to a new height, west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee has decided to bar ias and ips officers from her state from sharing classified information about the state with the centre government even when they are central deputation.
bengal bureaucrats are comparing this move somewhat on the lines of bihar chief minister, nitish kumars initiative to prevent ias and ips officers of bihar cadre from consuming alcohol even outside the state when they are on central deputation.
read: mamatabanerjee and kejriwal skip niti aayog governing council meet with pm modisources from the state personnel & administrative reforms department said that this will be an extension of the earlier instruction from the chief minister for the ias and ips officers under state government jurisdiction to refrain from sharing any information with the union government.
bjp president amit shah visiting a slum in the chief ministers constituency of bhawanipore on august 26.
mamata mamatabanerjee regularly alleges in public meetings that the ruling establishment at the centre has let loose agencies such as cbi and ed on trinamool congress leaders.
(samir jana)accordingly, an official said, the state government will have to bring an amendment in the west bengal government servant conduct rules, 1959, under which all ias and ips officers of the state cadre will have to give an undertaking in this regard.
in order to extend the prohibition in the state, the bihar government, too, amended bihar government servant conduct rules, 1976, under which ias and ips officers of the state cadre gave an undertaking.
read: mamatabanerjee accuses modi of removing crucial files on notes banonly in december last year when the bjp-trinamool congress tussle was at its peak, mamatabanerjee instructed the ias and ips officers of state cadre to skip every meeting with the union government and central agencies.
she has maintained that the centre is constantly unduly interfering in the matters of the state.
a senior member of the state cabinet said on condition of anonymity that the chief minister doubts that a number of central agencies have become unnecessarily active in the state.
her impression is based on classified information passed down by certain bureaucrats of the state cadre who are currently on central deputation.
hence, she wants to enforce restrictions on officers on central deputation so that the interest of the state is not hampered, the member of the state cabinet said.
a young kolkata-based poet has lodged a complaint with the kolkata police cyber cell alleging she has received gang rape threats on facebook.
this is the second confrontation between a kolkata-based poet and supporters of the hindutwa camp, the first target being poet srijato bandyopadhyay, against whom a police complaint was lodged on march 20 after he posted a poem on his facebook wall on march 19.
this morning i woke up and opened my facebook page and to my horror, i found the threat there.
my advocate will soon forward my written complaint to the cyber crime section of kolkata police.
i am a free thinking poet and, for the past few days, been facing filthy abuses in facebook.
i thought it is my duty to lodge a complaint after such a threat, said mandakranta sen , speaking to ht.
poet srijato bandyopadhyay received support from chief minister mamatabanerjee bandyopadhyay who said he would not be harmed.
he has also been given police protection.
(facebook)sen is in the mid-forties, and is known as a staunch critic of the saffron camp who regularly composes poems and comments against the sangh parivar school of politics.
she also pointed out that the threats increased after she stood by bandyopadhyay.
incidentally, his poem made an allegedly derogatory comment at trishul and took a veiled jibe at the new chief minister of uttar pradesh on the evening he was sworn in.
read: mamatabanerjee stands by srijato bandopadhyay, says democratic voices cannot be hushed upi am not scared.
but it is very frightening to think where our society is heading towards, sen told ht.
the post posted on her facebook wall a post purportedly by a person raja das.
it said, these women (uses a slang) is leading the country astray.
they should be subjected to gang rape without condoms, read the message in bengali.
within minutes of the news spreading, bengal intelligentsia strongly condemned the incident.
read: police complaint against west bengal poet for hurting religious sentiments of hindusi deplore this comment with the emphasis that i can command, said bandopadhyay.
incidentally, chief minister mamatabanerjee stoody by bandyopadhyay though siliguri police slapped non-bailable sections of the it act against him for hurting religious sentiments of the hindus.
i can tell you nothing harsh will happen to srijato.
everyone has democratic rights.
he wrote a poem, which is a political poem.
those who are spreading saffronisation have lodged the complaint.
in social media the poet is being targeted and threatened.
i do not want to name anyone.
right at the time demonetisation was announced by the central government, i had voiced my concern that the country would have to face severe loss of jobs and drastic decline in productivity due to demonetisation.
my apprehension is now proven to be true, she wrote on facebook.
rampant job loss has been reported across the country with the agriculture and unorganised sector in worst shape.
what have the people, who pushed the country to this crisis, to say?
she asked on the social networking platform.
government data showed indias economic growth slowed to 6.
1  in the fourth quarter ending march 2017, compared with 7.
1  in the previous quarter, as the note ban decision slowed activity in cash-dependent sectors - indicating india was no longer the worlds fastest-growing major economy.
the gross domestic product (gdp) grew 7.
1  in the full financial year 2016-17, slower than 8  recorded in the previous year.
after novembers demonetisation drive, the government has come under criticism from opposition political parties and economists for putting a poke on indias growth story and triggering job cuts.
banerjee was the first to tweet her opposition to modis demonetisation announcement in november last year and was also the first to announce a plan to take her opposition to states such as jharkhand, odisha, bihar, uttar pradesh, delhi and punjab.
the q4 gdp figure this fiscal has come down to 6.
1 .
the corresponding gdp figure in the previous fiscal was 7.
9 .
so, the decline is nearly 2 per cent point, mamatabanerjee jibed.
congress vice-president rahul gandhi also criticised the union government over the economic indicators that showed the countrys gdp growth to have slowed.
union finance minister arun jaitley, however, played down the impact of demonetisation on growth saying that a 7-8  growth is very reasonable and clarified that global factors were responsible for a gdp growth of 6.
1  in the three months of january to march.
jaitley also rubbished claims of jobless growth as oppositions propaganda.
people need some issues for propaganda.
jobs dont get created outside the economic sector.
if growth increases, jobs will also grow, jaitley said.
there has been a flood of suggestions to name the new district of jhargram that chief minister mamatabanerjee expected to announce during her next visit in april, with most recommendations focusing on leveraging the connection with west midnapore.
while sources told ht that the district may be named jhargram, there has been quite a few suggestions to keep the word midnapore in the new name to signal the connection.
incidentally, jhargram sub-division consists of eight blocks spread over 540 square km and will be carved out of west midnapore district.
the entire area of the new district was a happy hunting ground of the maoists between 2008 and 2011.
read: bengal police launch hunt for the last maoist squadthe chief minister is scheduled to visit jhargram on april 4 after holding an administrative meeting and rally at kharagpore on april 3.
locals, political leaders and administrative officials expect that the new district will be announced from the meeting at jhargram.
incidentally, the chief minister has initiated the process to rename the state of west bengal.
she wants to name it banga (in bengali) and bengal (in english).
for a few years between 2008 and 2011, jhargram and west midnapore grabbed national attention due to cpi(maoist) leader kishenji, who virtually enjoyed free run in the area till he was killed on november 24, 2011.
(ht photo)on january 1, 2002, former chief minister buddhadeb bhattacharya announced bifurcation of midnapore district into west midnapore and east midnapore districts in an effort to carve out smaller administrative units for more efficient governance.
we welcome the bifurcation of west midnapore.
on behalf of medinipur samanway sanstha, (mss), a registered as well as uniformly well represented organization of undivided midnapore, have applied to the chief minister, on march 10 to name the new district jhargram jangalmahal as aranyak medinipur or north west midnapore or any word containing the word midnapore , to honour the cultural and heritage of undivided midnapore district, professor pranabesh jana, general secretary of mss, told ht.
read: now, get sms alerts on elephant presence in west bengal foreststhe congress leaders in jhargram area also favour having the word midnapore while naming the 22nd district of bengal.
we have proposed that the name should be simanta midnapore or aranyak midnapore, said nikhil maity, a congress leader of jhargram.
as there is plenty of forest in the region, many one are saying that the new district should carry the word related to forest.
many one are in favour of having the name jhargram when the district will be created.
the jhargram area is marked by forests where marauding herds of elephants from the dolma range of hills from jharkhand regularly kill people and destroy crops and property.
(ht photo)jhargram has a separate culture and we want that the new district should be named as jhargram, said manoranjan mahato, a local of belpahari area.
sentiments are attached to the name jhargram, he added.
a section of bjp supporters are also in favour of retaining the name jhargram.
the district party leaders argued that the chief minister should have taken suggestions of locals and political leaders.
read: elephant chasers feel cash crunch heat, more lives at riskthe chief minister does not care about what others think.
we are not against bifurcation of the district, but she should have taken the views of locals before deciding the name, said sukhmay sathpati, the bjp district president of jhargram area.
our chief minister is well aware of the area and the sentiment of the people and she will give the right name of the distirct when that will be announced on 4 april, said nirmal ghosh, working president of west midnapore trinamool congress committee.
source also told ht that some parts of purulia and bankura districts that parts of bandowan (purulia district) and fulkusma and sargenga (bankura) want to join jhargram as the district headquarters of these areas are far away.
chief of the west bengal unit of the bharatiya janata party dilip ghosh on friday vowed to carry out rallies on the hindu festival of ram navami with weapons despite kolkata polices order banning the display of arms in 2018 in a possible confrontation between the saffron camp and the ruling trinamool congress.
we know that the police have banned armed processions this year.
but we have asked our party workers to start preparations to march with weapons so that the dazzle of arms is visible from a distance, ghosh said at a gathering of party workers.
kolkata police issued a public notification on december 20 last year banning the display of weapons in the city this year.
i asked the party workers whether they are ready to digest this ban on display of weapons.
they said they wont, and i asked them to prepare from now, ghosh said.
ghosh described the kolkata police order as motivated and biased.
he also alleged that it was prompted by the fear of the state government over the euphoria over ram navami and hanuman jayanti celebrations.
we will wait and see whether this applies to muharram as well, ghosh said.
this year ram navami will be celebrated on march 25 and the timing is crucial as the rural polls in bengal, which are being seen as a rehearsal for the 2019 lok sabha elections, are supposed to be held in april-may.
rama navami marks the birthday of lord rama, believed to be the seventh incarnation of vishnu.
saffron camp workers staged a motorcycle rally in april last year in kolkatas bhawanipore, the home turf of chief minister mamatabanerjee , with swords and tridents.
rallies with weapons were also taken out in other areas of bengal with senior bjp leaders including ghosh taking part in them.
it triggered a major controversy in the state with the ruling party and a section of the intellectuals describing the move as alien to bengali culture.
ghosh supported brandishing of swords and tridents at ram navami rallies in 2017 and argued that it would help in uniting people against anti-national forces and appeasement politics.
according to the bengal bjp chief, while the slogan of prime minister narendra modi is sabka sath, sabka vikas, banerjees slogan is muslim ka sath, trinamool ka vikas.
muslim organisations, however, welcomed the move by the city police.
trinamool congress secretary general and education minister partha chatterjee said that if there is any attempt by any political party to display weapons, the police have every right to prevent it to ensure the safety and security of people.
bharati ghosh, bjps candidate from west bengals ghatal constituency, was in tears on sunday morning after being heckled at a polling booth.
ghosh alleged that she was pushed by some women supporters of the trinamool congress when she went to a polling station in her constituency.
the former indian police service (ips) officer, once considered close to chief minister mamatabanerjee , said her polling agent was not allowed to enter the booth in chandkhali area of keshpur in west medinipur district.
i am the candidate.
i am being pushed around and heckled.
those assaulting me and preventing my polling agent to enter the booth should be arrested, said ghosh.
tmc supporters pushed me to the ground.
they are not allowing any polling to be held in keshpur area.
these women were hired by the tmc.
i shall complain in writing to the eci (election commission of india), she alleged.
watch: lok sabha elections 2019: big fights to watch out for in phase 6 of votingalso read | bjp worker found dead in bengals jhargram, a day before pollsghosh was the superintendent of police in west midnapore district for six years from 2011 to 2017 in which her constituency is located.
tmc knows that bjp is winning here.
that is why they are in fear and tmc workers tried to prevent and threaten bharati, bjp state president dilip ghosh was quoted as saying by news agency ani.
after trying without luck for about 45 minutes to get her agent inside the booth, ghosh left the area alleging that the incident was a part of the conspiracy by the tmc men to keep her confined to a particular spot.
stones were pelted at ghoshs convoy when she was going to visit another booth at dogachia in keshpur after receiving complaints of rigging there.
one of her security guards was injured and a vehicle was damaged in the stone pelting.
this is a deliberate attempt by the trinamool congress to stop me.
they attacked me and i am injured.
that my security guards have fired is an absolute lie, ghosh told news agency pti.
also read:bjp candidate babul supriyos car vandalised in bengal poll violencebharati ghoshs vehicle was again blocked by locals when she tried to enter keshpur market area.
the state police intervened and her vehicle was seized.
a police officer said her vehicle didnt have a valid pass to move through the area on the polling day.
after the seizure, a large number of protestors gathered at the spot and ghosh took shelter inside a temple in keshpur market area with her security officers guarding her, pti reported.
the mob also pelted stones at the policemen who resorted to lathicharge to disperse them.
ghosh was then taken to keshpur police station.
also read:the state chief electoral officer has sought reports from the west midnapore district magistrate about the incidents.
the ceo also sought a report after ghosh was seen videographing inside a polling booth at pikurda in keshpur.
violent clashes have been reported in west bengal in almost all the phases of the general elections.
the bjps candidate in barrackpore parliamentary constituency arjun singh had alleged he was attacked by goondas of the trinamool congress during the fifth phase of polling.
before that, scuffles and violence were seen in asansol, where sitting member of parliament babul supriyos car was vandalised.
the minister escaped unharmed with only the rear glass of the vehicle being damaged.
also read: bjps arjun singh alleges attack by trinamool goondas in bengals barrackporeat least ten supporters of the bharatiya janata party were injured after they were beaten up allegedly by some tmc men on friday in baikunthapur village under daspur police station area of the ghatal constituency.
ghosh is facing bengali cinemas superstar and trinamool congress (tmc) member of parliament dipak adhikari alias dev in the ghatal parliamentary constituency.
the votes will be counted on may 23.
polling is being held in ghatal along with seven other lok sabha seats in west bengal in the sixth round of the seven-phased election on sunday.
delhi chief minister and aam aadmi party convener arvind kejriwal on sunday said there is emergency-like situation in the country since the narendra modi government came to power in 2014.
he said pm modi has made one community fight with another.
pakistan has been trying to create divisions among indians.
they failed in their attempt.
but in the last five years, the pair of pm modi and amit shah has succeeded in doing what pakistan could not in achieve in 70 years,i have come here in andhra pradesh from delhi to make an appeal to you, vote modi out in 2019 election to save the country and democracy.
if the bjp wins this election, india will not survive.
they will change constitution and end democracy, said kejriwal at an election rally in andhra pradeshs visakhapatnam.
launching a scathing attack at the bjp-led government at the centre, kejriwal said, some people ask me if not modi whomy reply to those people is simple, if you develop tumour in your body, will you remove it or ask if not tumour who?
the aap chief alleged that the modi government is using central agencies against all opposition parties but not ready to probe its own corruption.
this is the most corrupt government in 70 yearsdemonetisation is the biggest scam in 70 years, kejriwal said.
he also claimed that bjps lok sabha mp sakshi maharaj has said that if the bjp wins in 2019, this will be the last election.
kejriwal said bjp president amit shah also said that if the bjp wins 2019 election, no one can defeat it till 2050.
how do they know?
this shows they want to change constitution like hitler did it in germany, he said.
kejriwal and west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee addressed the election rally seeking vote for andhra pradesh chief minister n chandrababu naidus telugu desam party in the state.
incidentally, it was at the same venue, the indira priyadarshini municipal stadium of visakhapatnam, that naidu had organised a rally for bjp-led national democratic alliance (nda) in 2014.
pm modi and actor-turned-politician pawan kalyan too had addressed the joint rally seeking vote for the bjp-led coalition in the last lok sabha elections.
naidu pulled out of the nda in march last year over the issue of special category status to andhra pradesh.
he has been at the frontline in trying to bring opposition parties together in the lok sabha polls to challenge the bjp-led nda.
the opposition parties previously held two rallies, one each in kolkata and new delhi in january and february respectively.
those two rallies saw bigger participation of the opposition parties with the congress leaders also attending them.
sundays rally was meant to be yet another show of opposition unity.
naidu had invited janata dal-secular president hd deve gowda, dmk chief mk stalin, nationalist congress party president sharad pawar, rashtriya janata dal (rjd) leader tejashwi yadav and former jammu and kashmir chief minister farooq abdullah among others.
but these leaders did not attend the rally.
abdullah had, though, recently addressed a rally in support of naidu in andhra pradesh.
stepping up his efforts to launch a federal front as an alternative to the congress and bjp at the centre, telangana rashtra samithi (trs) president k chandrasekhar rao has invited the heads of several regional parties to a much-publicised event at hyderabad on may 10.
among those invited by rao, also the chief minister of telangana, are dravida munnetra kazhagam working president mk stalin, trinamool congress chief mamatabanerjee , biju janata dal president naveen patnaik, jharkhand mukti morcha leader hemanth soren and samajwadi party head akhilesh yadav.
these dignitaries will attend the launch of rythu bandhu, a prestigious programme of the chief minister that has attracted nationwide attention.
invitations are being extended to other regional party heads too, a spokesperson in the chief ministers office said.
under the rythu bandhu scheme, around 5.
8 million farmers will get rs 4,000 per acre of land during the kharif and rabi seasons.
the agriculture department has identified nearly 14.
21 million acres of cultivable land for the scheme, and the total expenditure in this regard is likely to come up to rs 5,685 crore per season.
the government made a budgetary allocation of rs 12,000 crore for the scheme this year.
the invitation to regional party leaders is aimed at consolidating the trs chiefs efforts to form a federal front ahead of the next lok sabha polls.
after meeting mamatabanerjee , soren, former chhattisgarh chief minister ajit jogi and janata dal(secular) president deve gowda last month, rao spent the first two days of this week negotiating with dmk patriarch karunanidhi as well as other party leaders such as stalin, tr balu, a raja and kanimozhi in chennai.
meanwhile, akhilesh yadav will touch down in hyderabad on wednesday to work out the modalities of the proposed federal front.
the trs government has planned a grand reception for the samajwadi party leader on the occasion.
besides rythu bandhu, rao is expected to give his invitees the lowdown on several flagship programmes of his government  including the mission bhagiratha (which aims to provide drinking water to every household) and the kaleshwaram scheme (said to be the biggest lift-irrigation project in the country).
the objective of these invitations is to bring the nations attention not only to telanganas developmental programmes but also to rao, who aims to emerge as a national leader in the near future, a party leader said on the condition of anonymity.
the election commission on wednesday issued notice to uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath over his modi ki sena remarks, made during a speech at an election rally, ani reported.
the commission has asked him to file a reply by april 5,earlier monday, the chief electoral officer of uttar pradesh had sought a report from the ghaziabad district magistrate over chief minister adityanath describing the army as modiji ki sena (pm modis army) at a poll rally.
adityanaths remarks were criticised by the opposition parties which demanded an apology from the up chief minister.
the 46-year-old chief minister, who addressed election meetings in ghaziabad and greater noida on sunday, had lashed out at the congress for, what the bjp often alleges, its soft approach towards terrorism and terrorists.
congress-led government used to serve biryani to terrorists while modi jis army sends bullets and bombs their way.
congress encourages terrorists such as masood azhar by adding ji after their name, adityanath had said, according to a video clip of the speech.
the congress said the up chief ministers comments were an insult to the armed forces.
they are indias armed forces, not the private army of prachaar mantri.
adityanath must apologise, said congress spokesperson priyanka chaturvedi.
it is shocking to hear the up cm saying that the indian army is the modi sena.
such blatant personalisation and usurping of our beloved indian army is an insult and a humiliation, the trinamool congress supremo tweeted.
.
the trinamool congress on monday lost control of south dinajpur zila parishad (district council) after its south dinajpur district unit chief biplab mitra switched sides to join the bharatiya janata party (bjp) along with 10 other members of the parishad, giving the party a majority in the council, which has 18 seats.
south dinajpur zilla parishad is the first district council in the state that has been taken over by the opposition party.
lipika roy, chairperson of the parishad was among those who switched camp.
wilson champramari, tmc mla from kalchini in alipurduars district, also joined the bjp, taking the total number of tmc mlas switching camp to five in the past one month.
the defected members joined bjp in the presence of its national general secretary and bengal in-charge kailash vijayvargiya, state unit chief dilip ghosh and national executive member mukul roy.
its a case of political earthquake for them (tmc) today.
it is merely an extension of phase i (of getting tmc leaders to join bjp).
by the time we complete the seventh phase, the mamatabanerjee government will lose majority on the floor of the assembly, said roy, who was the convenor of bjps lok sabha election management committee for bengal and played a crucial role in getting aggrieved tmc leaders to leave the party.
the last panchayat elections in bengal took place in 2018, when the ruling tmc won all the 22 zilla parishads.
the bjp wrested both south dinajpur and balurghat lok sabha seats from the tmc this year.
both these seats are in south dinajpur district.
while biplab mitra is credited with building the organisation of tmc in the district, he was aggrieved after party chief mamatabanerjee removed him from the post district unit chief after sitting mp arpita ghosh lost to bjps sukanta majumdar.
union finance minister and senior bjp leader arun jaitley on saturday put out a fresh blog post titled indias opposition is on a rent a cause campaign.
in his blog, jaitley wrote that there appears to be no running thread in the oppositions campaign which connects which is being said today or what has been said over the last several months.
there is no leader, no gathbandhan, no common minimum programme and no real issue.
not surprisingly there are not many takers for a failed campaign.
it is rent a cause campaign, jaitley said.
saying that in order to oust a popular government, an extremely popular prime minister, you need some real issues, not fictional issues, jaitley said that the opposition had wasted the past two years.
.
.
manufacturing issues which dont exist.
the false campaign on rafale didnt carry much weight.
loan waiver to industrialists was a lie, the evm as an instrument of rigging was a bigger lie.
now that they are in the midst of the campaign for over a month what is the issue which they are able to focus on, jaitley wrote.
saying that the opposition appeared to be in a disarray in many states with alliances having not worked out, he said that a mutli-cornered contest obviously favoured the bjp.
verbal battles between the left, trinamool and the congress and now aap and the congress are increasingly visible.
on the leadership issue, the situation looks gloomier than what i had thought.
the bsp leader mayawati, the trinamool leader mamatabanerjee leave no stone unturned in running down the congress president, jaitley wrote.
he said that the opposition had not built up a single issue against the government in the past five years and that its strategy now was to pick up an issue for a daily tweet or a press-briefing.
this is the plight of the opposition campaign, he wrote, adding, one day pulwama was questioned as self-engineered.
the next day balakot was questioned as a non-existent operation.
he was referring to the february 14 pulwama suicide bombing in which 40 crpf jawans had been killed.
the attack had been followed by an air strike by the indian air force on a jaish-e-mohammed training facility at balakot in pakistan.
he also referred to the recent anti-satellite missile test that was conducted recently and said, the anti-satellite missile was passed off as a nehruvian contribution even though panditjis correspondence with dr. homi bhabha established to the contrary.
one day bjp is accused of whipping up war hysteria, the other day it is dubbed as pro pakistan.
referring to the recent questions being raised by the opposition regarding union textile minister smriti iranis educational qualifications, he said that the opposition had forgotten that a public audit of rahul gandhis academic credentials may leave a lot to be answered.
after all, he got an m.phil without a masters degree!
the outcome of by-elections on two seats in karnataka and one in jharkhand this week contains an important political message  that the bjp can be triumphed only if opposition votes do not get scattered.
in karnataka, chief minister siddaramaiah worked out a deal with the janata dal (secular) to ensure that his former party did not field candidates against the congress on gundlupet and nanjangud constituencies.
the bjp lost both the seats.
siddaramaiah had learnt his lessons from the defeat in the previous by-poll held in february last year when the congress lost two of the three seats to the bjp, mainly due to the division of votes.
while the congress managed to win bidar, the bjp won hebbal and deodurg seats.
the jd(s) of former prime minister hd deve gowda had stood third on all the seats.
the by-poll victory is a big morale booster for siddaramaiah who had been under fire in the past months from the opposition as well as his own party over his authoritarian style of functioning ahead of state elections next year.
similarly in jharkhand, the congress decided to not to put up a candidate at littipara and extended its support to the jharkhand mukti morcha (jmm).
the ruling bjp faced defeat.
in its bid to avenge the debacle in uttar pradesh, the bahujan samaj party (bsp) pledged its support to the congress against the ruling bjp from ater seat in madhya pradesh.
the congress won, though by a thin margin.
sensing an opportunity, non-bjp parties have now stepped up efforts to firm up pre-poll alliances ahead of the 2019 general elections.
it is clear that the bjp has registered electoral gains because of the scattering of secular votes.
we have initiated talks to bring together an alliance of like-minded and secular parties, nationalist congress party (ncp) leader tariq anwar said.
in the recent assembly elections in up, the combined vote share of the samajwadi party (sp) and the bahujan samaj party (bsp) was 4  higher than that of the bjp.
following the up debacle, realisation appears to be dawning on satraps of regional parties that they need to unite and join forces with the congress to fight the common threat from the bjp.
at the launch of the hindi version of his autobiography this week, ncp leader sharad pawar said the congress was left with no option but to stitch alliances with regional forces to halt the bjps electoral juggernaut.
earlier, sp leader akhilesh yadav had not ruled out the possibility of a tie-up with the bsp sometime in future.
trinamool congress chief mamatabanerjee has spoken about the possibility of an understanding with the left parties on issues of common concern.
ahead of the gujarat assembly elections later this year, patidar leader hardik patel has joined the shiv sena, while the ncp has firmed a tie-up with the janata dal (united).
the countrys political forces are being reconfigured.
the process is expected to gain pace in coming months, a senior jd (u) leader said.
after its exploits in uttar pradesh, bjp has trained its focus on bengal, the state with the third highest lok sabha seats.
the party is targeting at least 22 seats in the state that has 42 seats in the lower house of the parliament.
the situation in bengal is expected to feature prominently in bjps national executive meeting on april 15-16 in delhi, where a detailed road map may be finalised.
both prime minister narendra modi and party president amit shah are supposed to attend.
read: assembly elections done, modi, shah to rejig bjp and govt after budget sessionthe calcutta high courts decision to order cbi investigation in narada tapes and the apex courts endorsement of it will also serve as a potent tool in the hands of bjp that plans to hit the streets with a campaign against trinamool congress, chief minister mamatabanerjee and those leaders of the party seen accepting cash in the sting operation.
our national president amit shah has already made it clear that in 2019 the road to delhi would go through bengal.
after uttar pradesh which has 80 seats and maharastra that has 48, bengal is the third biggest with 42 seats.
we are keeping a minimum target of 22 seats, dilip ghosh, state bjp president, told ht.
besides it spectacular success in up, bjp has fared well in maharashtra municipal polls where it became the single largest party in nashik, pune, ulhasnagar, solapur, nagpur, amravati, akola, pimpri-chinchwad apart from running neck to neck in mumbai with shiv sena.
but in bengal despite a steady growth in its vote share, its show has been lacklustre, and the party is yet to secure a foothold in terms of seats.
state bjp president dilip ghosh and national general secretary kailash vijayvargiya are expected to play more active roles in bengal.
(ht photo)bjp has only two mps and three mlas in the state.
in the national executive meeting, we will submit our state report that will include attacks on party workers and rise of fundamentalism in the state.
in uttar pradesh between 2012 and 2017 our vote share rose 24.
7 .
there is no reason why we cannot replicate the performance in bengal, said sayantan basu, bjp state general secretary.
read: rss meet in coimbatore fuels speculation of bjp push in tamil nadufor the past few years, bjp leaders have also been highlighting infiltration from neighbouring bangladesh and the rise of fundamentalism.
for the sangh parivar, both assam and bengal have been states with high importance.
while bjp has already grabbed power in assam, it has remained a marginal player in bengal in number of seats.
on sunday (march 19), rss slammed the mamatabanerjee government for remaining a mute spectator to attacks by muslim fundamentalists and appeasing the jihadis during its national executive council meet in nagpur.
we have already requested our central leadership, including party president amit shah, to visit bengal.
it is expected that he will visit by end-april or may.
the outcome of the up assembly polls had a positive effect on our workers here.
we are concentrating on consolidating booth level organisation, added ghosh.
bjp leaders in bengal hope that amit shah will visit the state to address a series of public meetings soon.
(ht photo)apart from dilip ghosh, party national general secretary rahul sinha and subrata chatterjee state general secretary (organisation) is expected to participate in the national executive meet.
despite the poor show in number of seats, more and more people are turning to bjp.
its vote share has been on a steady rise in bengal from 6  in 2009 lok sabha polls to 16.
8  (lok sabha polls) in 2014 when it got two seats.
in the 2016 assembly polls it got 10.
2   votes but got only three mlas.
in the lok sabha by polls in cooch behar in 2016, bjps vote share reached 28.
5 , though the seat went to ruling trinamool congress.
the beef crackdown in uttar pradesh has sent shivers in bengal, one of the two states where cow slaughter and sale/consumption of beef are legal.
beef dealers of bengal claimed that they are badly hit with the supply of cattle drying up from up and other north indian states, and said that they are planning to approach chief minister mamatabanerjee over the issue.
on tuesday, the chief minister also expressed her concern over the situation in uttar pradesh.
read: no beef ban if we come to power in poll-bound northeast states: bjpwe are concerned about recent happenings in up.
people are afraid & many are scared about differences over caste, creed & religion.
we are all one.
sabka saath, sabka vikas sirf bolna nahi hain, karna hain.
we have to do it, to make it meaningful.
a govt has to be for all.
we need to safeguard our constitution and allow it to guide, mamatabanerjee twitted.
more than five lakh people are directly and indirectly involved with the beef industry in bengal, claimed dealers.
(ht photo)according to beef industry representatives, every stage of the beef industry, from loading and unloading of cattle in vehicles/rail bogies to the slaughterhouse, shops selling beef to those transporting the meat and hide, is labour intensive and employs more than five lakh people in bengal.
beef dealers were extremely worried over the fact that cattle supply was never hit so badly in the past.
the export of beef from the state was also affected.
read: illegal slaughterhouse crackdown: up strike hits delhi hard, meat supply downmohammed ali, president of calcutta beef dealers association said, since march 24, not a single buffalo has been slaughtered at the tangra slaughterhouse, one of the biggest in the state.
in normal circumstances, around 150 buffaloes are slaughtered here everyday.
the supply of cattle from up has stopped and cattle-carrying vehicles that pass through up are also being attacked by vigilante groups.
leaders of jamiat-ul-quraish, an organisation of beef dealers in the state said that supply of cows and buffaloes from uttar pradesh has also stopped.
they claimed that the situation was deteriorating over the past few years, but now they are worst hit.
bengal beef dealers said that the supply of cattle from uttar pradesh, one of the main sourcing points, has almost stopped.
vigilante groups are also intercepting vehicles carrying cattle passing through the state.
(ht photo)cow slaughter is allowed in bengal and kerala, so we procure cows from other states.
that, too, has almost stopped, said md jehangir quraishi, general secretary of the jamiat.
jamiat members stated that goods trains comprising 72 bogies would carry cows from up to bengal with eight to 10 cows in each of the compartments five years back.
earlier 20 trucks per week carrying the animals used to come to kolkata (each having 14 to 15 animals).
but now only handful of trucks come from bihar and that is all, said jehangir.
read: azam khan demands nationwide ban on animal slaughter, asks muslims to stop eating meatyou can easily understand the impact.
this is in addition to the trouble which we are facing with on-road transportation, ali said.
he also said that a representative team of the association would seek appointment with chief minister mamatabanerjee and apprise her of the plight of beef dealers.
they said that the ripple effects will soon hit the tannery and leather industry.
on sunday night, about a dozen trinamool congress (tmc) workers stood outside arambagh girls school, hooghly institute of technology and serampore college, the counting centres for the lok sabha seats of arambag, hooghly and serampore in hooghly district.
they were keeping a watch on whether any suspicious activities take place at and around the counting centres where the electronic voting machines (evms) were kept in strongrooms.
following the chief ministers instructions, we have directed our workers to keep vigil on counting centres round the clock on.
the step is to foil any bid by bharatiya janata party (bjp) to change, or manipulate, the evms, said tapan dasgupta, food processing minister and tmcs hooghly district unit president.
from all polling stations, our workers followed the vehicles that transported the evms to counting centres, just to ensure that the evms reach their proper destination, dasgupta added.
both the counting centres in our district are under watch of our workers since sunday night, said tmcs nadia district unit chief gouri sankar dutta.
on may 16, when addressing her last election rally in diamond harbour constituency, where her nephew abhishek mamatabanerjee is the party candidate, chief minister mamatabanerjee urged her party workers to stay awake throughout the night and maintain vigil outside the counting centres where the evms would be kept.
i am told that plans are afoot to change evms. my party workers will keep a vigil outside the strong rooms.
they have to keep a watch all over bengal.
even if the police try to disperse them, they should not leave.
they (whose keep watch) must not accept drinking water from the police since the water might be laced with sedatives, said the chief minister at the rally.
she also urged the women supporters to keep a watch.
holding out the promise of incentives, she had said, if any local youth can catch someone (trying to change evms), his future is our responsibility.
she also mentioned that if someone was found trying to do it (change the machines), the locals should first try to stop it with whatever they found at hand.
then they should take pictures and send them to her, the tmc chief said at the rally.
on sunday, immediately after various exit polls results were announced, she repeated her suspicion that the bjp could tamper or replace the evms.i dont trust exit poll gossip.
the game plan is to manipulate or replace thousands of evms through this gossip.
i appeal to all opposition parties to be united, strong and bold.
we will fight this battle together, she tweeted on sunday.
our workers have been watchful since the polling ended, tmcs purulia district unit chief shantiram mahato said.
bjp, however, mocked the tmcs initiative.
they are trying to create excuses to save their face.
but nothing can save them, said bjp bengal unit president dilip ghosh.
also read: from 2 seats to double digits, exit polls predict big bjp impact in bengalthe 2019 lok sabha election has been very bitterly contested in west bengal.
while bjp president amit shah set a minimum target of 22-23 seats out of the 42 the state has to offer, the tmc chief has vowed to make a clean sweep.
indiaupdated: aug 14, 2019 18:34 istwest bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjee-led trinamool congress received another blow on wednesday with former kolkata mayor sovan chatterjee joining the bharatiya janata party, which stunned critics with a stellar show in this years parliamentary election.
chatterjees close confidant baisakhi mamatabanerjee also joined the bjp with him.
chatterjee was also a minister in the west bengal government and is currently a member of the legislative assembly.
he is among several of those who have deserted trinamool congress and joined the bjp after the latter won 18 out of 42 lok sabha seats  4 short of trinamools tally of 22.
sovan had a big contribution in making mamatabanerjee the chief minister of bengal, said bjp leader mukul roy, also a former confidant of the trinamool congress leader.
sovan joining the bjp is a big development in bengal politics.
roy claimed with the wednesday development the bjp will surely win kolkata corporation, and mamatas party will get oppositions status in state assembly.
also read:trinamool grapples with saffron surge in bengalbjp general secretary arun singh claimed people and trinamool congress leaders are disappointed with the working of mamatabanerjee banerjee.
several people are joining bjp because they are impressed with the leadership of narendra modi and amit shah, singh said.
the former kolkata mayor said he had raised within the trinamool congress the issue of stopping opposition parties from contesting the panchayat elections, but nobody listened to him.
modi government is taking bold steps to strengthen the country, chatterjee said.
there should be no negative politics at this point of time.
an influential muslim body in kolkata is hopeful that west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee will share a stage on friday with a little-known leader who announced a rs 10 lakh bounty for shaving bollywood singer sonu nigams head.
syed sha atef ali al quaderi heads a small sect in howrah, adjacent to kolkata, and has little religious authority or influence to issue a fatwa, local leaders say.
but this hasnt deterred the west bengal united minority council that says the chief minister may attend a rally slated for 2pm on communal harmony and peace.
we are hopeful that the chief minster may attend, said the spokesperson of wbumc on friday morning.
quaderi is the vice-president of the council which is guided by all india majlish-e-soorah.
the chairman of all india majlish-e-soorah is none other than the imam of tipu sultan mosque, maulana syed noor-ur-rahman barkati, who is close to the chief minister.
experts say despite the controversy, mamatabanerjee might attend the programme to highlight her non-communal stance and differentiate her political message from the bjp, which is gaining in strength in the eastern state.
over the past few months, the trinamool congress chief has not let go a single opportunity to emphasise how her brand of inclusive politics was different from that of the bjp.
also, attending the programme apart from quaderi -- whom the invitation mentions as the 35th descendant of the prophet --will be barkati himself and several other senior leaders from the muslim society.
quaderis offer had come hours after nigam tweeted against the islamic call for prayer, azaan, and called the custom forced religiousness.
the bounty was widely criticised and ridiculed, especially after nigam got his head shaved and challenged quaderi to pay up.
after a few seasons of rising acrimony and abuses, here comes a dose of the subtle in bengal politics.
dekho o deewano tum ye kaam na karo, ram ka naam badnam na karo this super hit song from the 1971 film starring dev anand, mumtaz and zeenat aman is the trinamool congress new weapon to take on the bjp upsurge in bengal.
banners and hoardings with the words ram ka naam badnam na karo (dont malign the name of ram) written in bengali and hindi have come up at different places in kolkata and beyond.
the saffron-coloured poster features a picture of hanuman on top and chief minister mamatabanerjee at the bottom.
the words are written prominently in the middle.
this is our way to counter bjp in the intellectual way.
bjp is trying to induct some alien culture in west bengal, which the people of the state never witnessed before.
but we want to counter it in a manner that suits the bengal culture.
ram ka nam badnam na koro, is the beginning and more such innovations will come in the coming days, agriculture minister purnendu bose told ht.
more such banners will be put up, say trinamool leaders.
some point out the song has more potent lines that could not be displayed for the sake of brevity.
please recall the next lines, said former minister madan mitra, an once-trusted lieutenant of chief minister mamatabanerjee who is a prominent face of bhawanipore that is her home turf too.
ram ko samjho, krishna ko jano, nind se jago, o mastano, (understand ram, know krishna, wake up from your slumber, o vagabond) is what can deliver our message more cogently, he says with a smile.
the lyrics penned by anand bakshi was put to music by rahul dev burman.
along with dum maro dum, the song became a chart buster.
trinamool leaders in bengal feel 46 years later the line will become a political super hit too.
ram is at the centre of an intense political tug of war in bengal with the sangh parivar organising ram navami on an unprecedented scale this year.
hitherto confined to small-scale celebrations, the day was observed with numerous public functions and processions with swords and other weapons in different towns and even in the chief ministers constituency of bhawanipore in south kolkata.
trinamool has responded by intellectuals projecting how lord ram has never been a prominent religious figure in bengal.
with this banner trinamool leaders have inaugurated a different chapter of political attack.
who thought of the campaign?
trinamool leaders did not have a ready answer, but they swore on its effectiveness.
bjp is indeed giving lord ram a bad name.
what other way to say it loud and clear than to remind the people of a hit number they used to hum once, remarked urban development minister firhad hakim.
the bjp has hit back, saying that bengals ruling party is afraid of them.
in fact, there is no ram here.
some persons have emerged as ravanas and they are reacting accordingly.
but the lyricist has also written ram ne haskar sabkuch tyage, tu sab dukh se kyun dar ke bhage (ram has happily given everything up, why do you run away in fear?
), said bjp leader samik bhattacharya.
trinamool congress (tmc) chief mamatabanerjee will play a big role in the formation of the new government at the centre, said andhra pradesh chief minister n chandrababu naidu on wednesday.
telugu desam party (tdp) chief naidu visited the former maoist-dominated lalgarh in west bengal to attend a rally in support of birbaha soren (tudu), tmc candidate from jhargram constituency.
naidu also addressed another rally in haldia, tamluk constituency.
the west bengal chief minister is a bengal tiger now, and after the elections, she will become the tiger of the nation.
the bjp is going to be defeated miserably and mamatabanerjee will play a big role in the formation of the new government by wining all the 42 seats in the state, said naidu in lalgarh.
once this place was controlled by left-wing extremists.
but now, it is totally controlled by the chief minister of bengal.
there is peace now and a lot of development work has been done.
the people of the region are living in peace.
it is a model to be followed, he added.
on thursday, naidu and mamatabanerjee are supposed to share the dias in kharagpur, which comes under the medinipur lok sabha constituency and goes to polls on may 12.
tmc candidate and rajya sabha mp manas bhuniya will contest against bharatiya janata party state president dilip ghosh here.
earlier in the day, naidu had met congress president rahul gandhi in and discussed plans to hold a meeting of opposition parties on may 21, two days before the results of the ongoing seven-phased lok sabha elections are announced.
trinamool congress legislator baishali dalmiya has threatened to drag a former party councillor of howrah municipal corporation to court after he accused her of taking cut money or illegal commission from beneficiaries of government schemes.
tafzil ahmed, who was the councillor of howrah municipal corporation ward 58, purportedly made the comment in an internal meeting of the party on sunday in the presence of urban development minister firhad hakim.
dalmiya, daughter of former board of control for cricket in india (bcci) president jagmohan dalmiya, represents the bally constituency in howrah district in the west bengal legislative assembly.
she was also present in sundays meeting and protested against ahmeds remark, asking him to prove his allegation within a day, or face legal action.
his (ahmeds) allegation is completely false.
i have never taken a paisa from anyone.
i am also the director of m l dalmiya & co and i dont need to earn in this manner, said dalimya who has been director of the 71-year-old company for the past 24 years.
ahmed refused to speak on the matter.
i shall not speak a word on what transpired in an internal meeting of the party, ahmed said on monday.
dalmiya said she will wait and watch for a week whether the party speaks to ahmed and stands by her.
i have spoken to the howrah district party president.
if i dont get any support from the party, i shall be constrained to move court to protect my reputation, she said.
since her dramatic statement, villagers in different districts have staged protests.
chief minister mamatabanerjee on thursday stood by bengali poet srijato bandopadhyay against whom a police complaint was lodged for hurting religious sentiments after he posted a controversial poem on facebook.
on the evening of march 19, bandyopadhyay, 42, posted a poem on his facebook wall where he criticised the outcome of the up elections, took a veiled dig at chief minister yogi aditya nath and made a derogatory remark against trishul, a quintessential hindu symbol.
i can tell you nothing harsh will happen to srijato.
everyone has democratic rights.
he wrote a poem, which is a political poem.
those who are spreading saffronisation have lodged the complaint.
in social media the poet is being targeted and threatened.
i do not want to name anyone.
i have asked the police to investigate and give me a report, added mamatabanerjee banerjee.
read: police complaint against west bengal poet for hurting religious sentiments of hindusacting on the complaint filed by one arnab sarkar for hurting the religious sentiments of hindus, siliguri police started a case and slapped non-bailable section of it act against bengali poet srijato bandyopadhyay on wednesday.
one of the two sections carry a maximum sentence of three years in prison and/or fine.
on thursday, srijato bandopadhyay met with senior officers at kolkata police headquarters alleging threats on his life in social media.
he later went to cyber police station and lodged a complaint that threats have been pouring on against him and his wife in facebook.
on thursday two more complaints were lodged against the poet for hurting religious sentiments in bengal police stations.
(facebook)meanwhile, two more police complaints were lodged against the poet in bengal.
one joyjit bhattacharya lodged a complaint with ghola police station in north 24 parganas district, while another complaint was lodged by biplab kumar chowdhury with airport police station.
read: police start case, slap non-bailable section against bengali poet for hurting religious sentimentsi will not give much importance to the issue.
the majority of people in this country believe in freedom of speech.
a degree of freedom of speech still exists in this country.
our country has not become pakistan or bangladesh, and one has the right to speak here.
since the past two days i have been trolled in facebook after i posted the poem, said the poet speaking to media earlier.
some of the comments against me are dangerous threats.
these people, so called flag bearers of hindutva, never read poems and i do not expect them to understand, bandyopadhyay said.
andhra pradesh chief minister n chandrababu naidu met congress president rahul gandhi in delhi on saturday to discuss an anti-bjp front ahead of the election results.
hours later, the tdp chief met samajwadi party president akhilesh yadav in lucknow.
news agency pti reported that in an hour-long meeting with rahul gandhi, naidu discussed the impending need to bring together all parties which are against the bjp after the lok sabha election results.
before meeting the congress boss, chandrababu naidu met cpi leaders sudhakar reddy and d raja.
he met ncp supremo sharad pawar as well.
naidu is also expected to meet akhilesh yadavs alliance partner bsp chief mayawati.
both akhilesh and mayawati kept away from all the meetings that chandrababu naidu held in the run-up to the 2019 polls for creating a joint opposition front against the bjp.
though akhilesh had met naidu twice individually, and one of those meetings was held at mulayam singh yadavs delhi residence.
but, mayawati and akhilesh have not attended any formal opposition meeting since the two formed the sp-bsp alliance.
on friday, naidu had met cpi (m) general secretary sitaram yechury and aam aadmi party national convener arvind kejriwal and discussed with them the possible tie-up in the post-election scenario.
he had said that he would welcome any party including the telangana rashtra samithi (trs), which is in power in neighbouring telangana, to be part of an alliance against the bjp after the election results are declared.
naidu is also in touch with trinamool congress chief mamatabanerjee banerjee.
naidus efforts come at a time when trs president and telangana chief minister k chandrashekhar rao has been trying to revive the federal front.
naidu himself is facing a stiff challenge from the ysr congress in whose chief jaganmohan reddy is convinced that his party will form the government in andhra pradesh.
the seven-phase lok sabha elections which began on april 11, will conclude on may 19.
the counting of votes will take place on may 23.
the 25 lok sabha and 175 assembly seats at stake in andhra pradesh went for polls simultaneously on april 11.
a tribal couple in bengals naxalbari joined the trinamool congress on wednesday, a little over a week after bharatiya janata party amit shah had lunch at their house in a meeting seen as an ambitious attempt by the saffron party to increase its presence in the stateraju and gita mahali received the trinamool flag at the partys naxalbari block office at 10am on wednesday, prompting angry reactions from the bjp.
they were kidnapped on tuesday.
today they were made to join the ruling party, said state president dilip ghosh, who sat on shahs right during lunch in the humble hut on april 25.
they were missing since tuesday.
their phones were also found to be switched off.
our party workers went to naxalbari police station to lodge a complaint, but police did not accept the complaint, said pravin agarwal, bjp president of darjeeling district.
the rivalry between the ruling trinamool and the bjp has soared in recent months, manifesting itself in attacks and incendiary speeches.
tmc chief and chief minister mamatabanerjee has routinely attacked prime minister narendra modi and his party.
she has alleged the arrests of her mps in cases of alleged scams by central agencies are politically motivated.
the couple belong to the scheduled tribe.
they joined our party on their own and they will participate in our partys programme of carrying development to all sections of society in bengal, said gautam deb.
the tmc leader also had tea in the same house where the bjp boss had his lunch eight days ago.
the bjp state president said that the body language of the couple in the tmc office, where they formally joined the party, proved that they were under pressure.
they were sitting with their heads down and looking at the ground, ghosh alleged.
raju, a daily labourer who assists building painters, and his wife, who works in a tea garden, became famous overnight when shah and ghosh went to their hut in naxalbari, where they treated the leaders to a frugal lunch.
bjp has taken interest in naxalbari, the cradle of ultra-left extremism in the country.
hatighisha, the village of naxalite icon kanu sanyal, was adopted by bjp mp ss ahluwalia as a model village after he was elected to the lok sabha in 2014.
while campaigning for the lok sabha polls, narendra modi had said in north bengal that the bjp would change the face of naxalbari and alleged the mamatabanerjee government had done little for it.
after he landed in siliguri on tuesday morning, the bjp president went to the house of the mahalis and had his meal instead of holding a meeting with party workers.
over the past two years rival political parties have joined hands, in some cases successfully, to take on the bjp in assembly elections in different states.
the tie-ups may have underlined the urgency and the desperation in the opposition camp, but they also have the potential to grow into a national alliance against prime minister narendra modi in the 2019 general elections.
on sunday, congress vice-president rahul gandhi and uttar pradesh chief minister akhilesh yadav kept the doors open for such pacts.
its possible, they said when asked about a sp-congress alliance in 2019.
ironically, days before the two parties firmed up an alliance for the assembly polls, gandhi, for the first time, spoke about 2019 general elections at a party meet.
aachche din that modi promised will come once congress voted to power, he said, hinting at the next lok sabha polls.
in 2015, the congress chose ride piggyback on the jd(u)-rjd alliance in bihar when arch rivals nitish kumar and lalu prasad joined hands to fight the bjp in bihar.
last year, it was content as the junior partner to the left in the west bengal assembly polls, indicating that it may no longer have a superiority complex when negotiating with potential allies in places where the party is weak.
gandhi was also quick to make course-corrections: after the poor results of the left-congress combination in the bengal polls, he was ready to do business with trinamool congress chief mamatabanerjee who swept the polls.
gandhi and mamatabanerjee even addressed a joint press conference in delhi last month along with six other parties even though some other opposition parties stayed.
a good result in the up elections for the sp and the congress would only bolster chances for another upa-style grand alliance involving these two parties along with the likes of the jd(u), rjd, trinamool and the national conference.
the darjeeling hills of north bengal can again turn restive following the resolve of gorkha janmukti morcha (gjm), the principal force in the hills, to resist chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjees diktat of compulsory teaching of bengali in all schools of the state.
gjm forced about 1,000 schools and colleges in the hills to close on thursday and friday to protest the inclusion of bengali, and has vowed to oppose it.
darjeeling hills has 770 primary schools, 130 high schools, almost 50 icse schools and about 10 colleges which remained closed for the second day on friday.
read: bengal civic polls: tmc wins four civic bodies, gjm-bjp alliance bags threeaccording to the current curriculum, a student in a hill school can pass out without studying bengali at all.
most students in darjeeling schools study english, nepali and hindi.
they have to take a first language and a second language along with a third language till class 8.
gjm leaders have also urged locals to take out rallies from june 4 till june 8 when the chief minister mamatabanerjee would be addressing meetings and holding the first state cabinet meeting.
gjm president bimal gurung announced that he would hit the roads to lead the rallies in darjeeling to protest against the state governments decision to impose bengali.
darjeeling has witnessed violent movements in different phases since the eighties demanding a separate state of gorkhaland.
(ht photo)darjeeling police have initiated a suo moto case against key gjm leaders including bimal gurung along with representatives of education institutions and organisations who were present in a may 30 meeting in darjeeling convened by gjm on may 30.
the decision to close schools and plant black flags was taken at this meeting where several representatives of several social and literary organisations and personalities went.
interestingly, the chief ministers move has allowed gjm to rally the hill people just after trinamool congress got control of a civic board there (mirik) for the first time.
the fir names gjm leaders such as roshan giri, binoy tamang, ramesh allay, swaraj thapa and p arjun along with prem pradhan of nepali sahitya sammelan, jiwan namdung a member of nepali sahitya academy, pemba bomzan the president of gorkha dukha niwarak sammelan (gdns); rev joy haldar of st pauls school; father peter lingdam of st roberts school; pravat mukhia of st josephs college; derrick pradhan of vidya vikash academy and others.
they have been charged under sections 120 b (criminal conspiracy), 153 a(b) (committing any act which is prejudicial to the maintenance of harmony between different religious, racial, language or regional groups); 505 (statements conducting to public mischief ) of the ipc.
read: new political equation unfolds in darjeeling hills, tmc-gnlf forge poll alliance against gjms mightincidentally, in the recent civic body polls, gjm appealed to the gorkha identity and said it was a gorkhaland-vs-bengal question.
gjm leaders are now saying that forcing bengali down their throats only proves the bull dozing that parties from the planes are indulging.
chief minister mamatabanerjee has insisted that students studying in any school in bengal has to study bengali mandatorily till class 10.
(ht photo)the gjm has termed the administrations move as an attempt to suppress the democratic voices.
but we will not bow down, said binoy tamang the assistant secretary of the gjm.
on wednesday the district administration officials said there is no intension to impose any language on anybody in the hills.
there is no notification or circular of the state government as of now to this effect, said the darjeeling district magistrate.
if i can speak nepali, what is the harm if nepali speaks hindi or bengali, she said in a meeting with the representatives of private schools in the city.
read: exclusive park for mountain bikers in darjeelingit was on may 16 the bengal government declared bengali as a mandatory subject for all students till class 10 in all schools in the state irrespective of their board affiliations.
incidentally, nepali is the official language in the hills of bengal.
in 1961 nepali was recognized as an official language of west bengal, and in 1992, nepali was recognized as one of the official languages of india under the 8th scheduled of indian constitution.
to old citizens of the hills, gjms opposition of the state governments decision is reminiscent of the 1961 movement when the locals resisted the states decision to make bengali compulsory in the hills.
faced with stiff resistance, the b c roy government had to withdraw its decision.
two people were shot dead and four injured on thursday in clashes between two groups in west bengals bhatpara, around 30 km from kolkata.
the two groups attacked each other with crude bombs and fire arms.
the police had to resort to firing to control the situation.
the clashes started around 10:30 am and the roads turned empty in no time and shopkeepers quickly downed their shutters.
one of those who died was identified as rambabu shau, a street vendor.
he was hit by a bullet on his head, a relative of his said.
bjp national general secretary kailash vijayvargiya blamed the trinamool government in the state and chief minister mamatabanerjee for the clashes.
mamata mamatabanerjee has lost her mental balance since the lok sabha elections.
clashes are taking place all over the state.
i have got information that two people fell to police bullets, he said.
vijayvargiya said a bjp delegation would visit bhatpara and meet the family members of the deceased.
we will also send a report to the centre, he said.
district police officers were tightlipped on the violence.
ironically, on thursday a new police station was supposed to have been inaugurated in bhatpara that was put off due to the clashes.
barrackpore bjp lok sabha mp arjun singh blamed the police for the deaths and the failure to restore law and order in the area.
the man was killed by police bullets.
which police manual directs the police to fire at someones head?
singh asked.
he also alleged that the police officers were primarily responsible for their failure to rein in the violence.
chief minister mamatabanerjee convened a meeting with the chief secretary, home secretary and additional director general (law and order) to discuss the situation in bhatpara.
rapid action force and quick response teams were deployed to bring the situation on the control.
former trinamool congress minister madan mitra blamed arjun singh and his supporters men for the violence.
arjun singh and his followers are indulging in politics of violence.
if the situation does not improve in 24 hours, the toughest measures need to be adopted, said mitra who unsuccessfully contested the assembly bypoll in bhatpara last month.
bhatpara and kankinara areas were hit by violence for a few days since the last phase of the lok sabha elections on may 23.
the area turned restive after four-time tmc legislator arjun singh switched over to the bjp before the polls and defeated the ruling party candidate in the barrackpore lok sabha constituency.
gorkha janmukti morcha (gjm) president bimal gurung has said he is ready to consider the issues of joint leadership for the struggle to realise gorkhaland but advised parties like gorkha national liberation front (gnlf) to hit the streets immediately.
i am ready to seriously consider the gnlf and other parties suggestion of a joint leadership to the movement as well as other suggestions such as walking out of the gta.
but the leaders of other parties including the gnlf should immediately come out and hit the streets as i am doing now, gurung told ht.
read: darjeeling crisis deepens: hill parties unite to demand gorkhalandon wednesday, gurung claimed that 85 families have returned to the morcha fold from trinamool camp.
on monday, 42 families came back to our fold, followed by 85 today.
soon we will have a largely trinamool free darjeeling, remarked gurung, who had to witness mamatabanerjee banerjees party post their first electoral victory in the hills in may in mirik municipality.
gurung claimed takvar, his own constituency in gta, has already become a trinamool free zone.
the bengal chief minister has vowed not to allow a division of the state.
she has made it clear that there will be no compromise with gjm leaders who has resorted to violence.
(ht correspondent)on thursday, tension may rise in the hills as gorkha janmukti yuva morcha (gjym) has decided to organise a rally.
if the police want to resist, gjym threatened to call an indefinite total bandh.
according to adviser of gjym, jiten rai, the rally is to protest against police atrocities and demand immediate release of those arrested since june 8, when violence broke out leading to the deployment of army.
gurung also sounded a veiled alarm bell for the tourists.
how can tourists enjoy when the police are regularly resorting to unprovoked lathi charge on our supporters.
no matter how many police and para-military personnel are deployed, the movement for gorkhaland cannot be stopped.
the police super and darjeeling dm are working like tmc cadres, gurung alleged.
read: darjeeling stir: mamatabanerjee is playing with fire by ignoring the gorkha identity issueon tuesday gurung got a shot in the arm after five parties and an apolitical pan-india gorkha body turned up at the all-party meeting he called in darjeeling and unanimously vowed to fight for a separate state of gorkhaland.
the development is a direct challenge to chief minister mamatabanerjee who has resolved not to allow a division of bengal.
a soldier standing guard in darjeeling.
on wednesday gjm president bimal gurung indirectly asked the tourists to leave.
(ht photo)the unity of hill parties largely depends on how long gjm and gnlf, the alliance partner of trinamool congress for the civic elections, could work together.
gnlf has put forward five conditions to the gjm to accept before they could work together for gorkhaland.
gnlf that spearheaded the 28-month-long violent movement for separation from bengal from 1986 to 1988 has asked the gjm to unilaterally withdraw itself from the tripartite gta accord signed on july 18, 2011.
the gta is a stumbling block to gorkhaland.
gjms unilateral withdrawal from the gta accord is a pre-requisite before we could join the hands with the gjm for a prolonged movement, gnlf spokesperson niraj zimba told ht.
he also hinted that unless gjm walks out of the gta accord, gnlf will not be a part of the movement.
read: mamatabanerjee govt steps up pressure on bimal gurung after darjeeling clashesgnlf also wants that all the three gjm mlas should resign from the bengal assembly, and all municipal councillors of the morcha should resign too.
bimal gurung has to take the crucial decision on whether to withdraw from the gta accord.
gnlf has said that gjms councillors elected in the last months civic polls and three mlas who won the assembly elections in 2016 have to resign.
(samir jana)zimba said, gnlf has no problem in accepting gurung as the leader of the joint movement provided he accepts our five conditions.
incidentally, bimal gurung has said frequently that they will resign from gta as the state government did not allow the gta to function in true spirit of gta accord.
in 2013 there was an attempt to work out a collective movement to spearhead the movement for gorkhaland.
but the exercise did not take off as gurung allegedly failed to agree on common minimum programme suggested by other parties.
read: darjeelings british legacy: a journey in timerajen mukhia, trinamool leader in the hills alleged that gjm supporters are threatening tmc supporters.
on gurungs claim that takvar area has become tmc free, mukhia reamrked, those who joined gjm from tmc did so because they were threatened by gurung and his men.
for increased monitoring of gta, the state government on wednesday created a new post of executive director appointed deepap priya, an ias who is also known to be close to the chief minister.
c murugan was appointed as the gtas full- time secretary.
the centre is discriminating in allocating resources for flood relief between states, bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee alleged on monday.
she also alleged that river dykes in purnea in bihar were deliberately breached resulting in floods in bengal.
speaking to media persons in malda after she toured the flood affected areas of the district, she claimed that though the floods in bengal are more severe than that in gujarat and assam, enough central assistance is not coming to bengal.
read: bihar: floods claim 51 more lives in 24 hours, toll jumps to 253i want all states that are affected by flood should get central assistance according to the requirement, and there should not be any discrimination on this matter, she remarked.
incidentally, both gujarat and assam are bjp-ruled states.
villagers moving to safety with their belongings in shehagori village of amta block ii of howrah district.
(samir jana/ht photo)large parts of as many as 11 out of 23 districts of bengal -- howrah, hooghly, burdwan, murshidabad, malda, north dinajpur, south dinajpur, alipurduar, jalpaiguri -- have been inundated this year.
i have been informed rivers dykes at purnea were deliberately damaged to divert the water flow to bengal.
this is unacceptable, she said.
a total of 11 districts have been flood- affected, and 152 people have lost their lives.
the total number of people affected by flood is over 1.
5 crore, chief minister said.
read: up floods claim 69 lives, affect 20 lakh people in 24 districtsthe chief minister, along with senior bureaucrats, visited the flood affected area in malda, one of the worst affected districts.
the water levels in some rivers are still increasing and inundating new areas.
she talked to the flood- affected people and also enquired about the supply of relief items from the officials.
corroborating the chief ministers allegations, a district irrigation department official said that though there was no rainfall in the past 24 hours, water from bihar is entering malda through some rivers and inundating new areas.
at least 10 lakh people in malda district alone has been affected by the flood.
thousands of mud houses have collapsed.
there are reports of looting of relief items from the block development offices at ratua, where the bdo and joint-bdo were beaten up by villagers, he said.
darjeeling hills is seething with anger after indranil sen, a minister who is close to chief minister mamatabanerjee , said on friday that senior gorkha janmukti morcha (gjm) leaders, including bimal gurung and roshan giri should be packed in six-foot-long steel boxes and dispatched out of darjeeling hills after the may 14 civic polls.
sen was speaking at an election rally in the hill town of darjeeling on friday.
read: tmc will face uphill task in darjeeling civic polls, bimal gurung says it will be gorkhaland versus bengalposters by apolitical associations have come up in the hills to protest against the ministers statement.
a video clip of sens speech has gone viral in social media with thousands protesting the statement.
indranil sens remark has come as an opportunity to project the insensitivity of trinamool leaders before the civic polls.
(ht photo)on saturday, thousands of people in darjeeling responded to a call given by gorkha janmukti morcha (gjm) and participated in a rally to protest against the ministers speech.
gjm that has interpreted sens statement as an attack on locals by an outsider, organised the protest at the same spot where sen delivered his speech on friday.
on saturday afternoon gjm leaders also lodged a police complaint against sen at darjeeling sadar police statement.
in his address, sen said, i have brought 32 steel trunks of 6 feet length and ropes.
now it is your job, brothers and sisters.
the elections are slated for may 14 and cast your votes for tmc and gnlf and pack bimal gurung, roshan giri and all their candidates and send them to another district.
at that time you will hear them singing kabhi alvida na kahana (never say goodbye) from inside the trunks.
sen, who was a singer before he turned to politics also sang two lines of the popular hindi song and asked tmc supporters to sing along with him.
read: losing ground to trinamool, gorkha janmukti morcha raises gorkhaland issue before modi, nda partnersincidentally, chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjees nephew and heir apparent of trinamool congress, abishek mamatabanerjee , and tourism minister goutam deb were also present in fridays meeting.
agitators protesting against trinamool ministers remark in fridays meeting.
(ht photo)the development should not amuse the chief minister, who is only too aware that identity is a sensitive issue with the people of the hills.
gjm which has kept up the demand of a separate state of gorkhaland for the civic polls has projected the elections as a gorkhaland versus bengal fight.
trinamool congress, on the other hand, is banking on developments carried out by the state government, creation of separate kalimpong district and the 15 different development boards the state government has formed for different hill communities.
read: new political equation unfolds in darjeeling hills, tmc-gnlf forge poll alliance against gjms mightsuch has been the anger over the ministers statement, that even gorkha national liberation front, which is an ally of trinamool congress condemned sens remark.
we condemn the statement which was uncalled for at this moment, said mahendra chhetri, general secretary, gnlf.
observers believe that sens comment has the potential of damaging trinamuls fortunes in the hills, despite the party making some inroads in the hills.
bengals ruling party is making all efforts to register its first electoral victory in the politically volatile hills.
trinamool leaders admitted in private that the party has suddenly been pushed on the back foot.
land and identity are sensitive issues in the hills and hill trinamool leaders were trying hard to balance, given that our party is against a separate state off gorkhaland.
this statement has undone a lot of our hard work in the hills, admitted a trinamool leader in private.
in the police complaint filed by roshan giri, it was alleged that sen was spreading hatred and issuing veiled threat to the gjm leaders.
the public speech of sen was incendiary, full of hatred and the one that is bound to incite tension within gorkha community.
the statement has also violated the section 153b (b) of indian penal code and model code of conduct.
a kolkata police team on friday grilled angel abraham, one of the directors of naradanews.com in delhi and asked her, among other things, how many times she and mathew samuel had met trinamool rajya sabha mp, k d singh.
they questioned her at a coffee shop in sector 10 in dwarka for more than three hours.
in 2014, samuel conducted a sting operation in bengal and caught on camera 12 trinamool mps, mlas and leaders while they were accepting money from him.
samuel had told them that he was a businessman.
the sting, now famous as the narada scam, is being investigated by both cbi and enforcement directorate.
read: mamatabanerjee publicly defends the narada accusedin 2014, samuel used to work for tehelka.com, a company owned by k d singh.
angel, who was his colleague, visited kolkata a few times in 2014.
the narada sting operation has posed the toughest challenge to bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee since she came in power in may 2011.
(ht photo)samuel claimed that the kolkata police team asked angel whether singh tried to him from making the videos public.
they also asked her if any trinamool leader contacted me after we made the videos went viral, samuel told ht on friday evening.
interestingly, the four officers from muchipara police station who questioned abraham, summoned her in connection with a case (no 52 of 14.
2.
2017) registered against samuel at the police station.
the case pertains to his alleged extortion of money from d p yadav, a former mp from bihar.
read: narada case: mention of abhishek mamatabanerjee in fir sends trinamool in tizzythey questioned her for more than three hours but their queries were mostly related to the sting operation and not the case the summon notice mentions.
they asked angel how many times she and i met k d singh.
they wanted to know details of the places i visited in kolkata and the people i met in 2014, samuel told ht from kochi where he is recovering from three successive surgeries.
kolkata police tried to find out if i regularly meet politicians, go to social gatherings and parties where political figures are seen.
they even asked angel about my drinking habits, said samuel.
to most of the questions that were not related to our work, angel had no answer, he added.
on thursday, these officers even went to a bank in delhi, where my wife and i have accounts, and asked for records of transactions made in 2014, said samuel.
angel asked them why didnt the team question me when i was in delhi.
curiously, the officers told her that they didnt want to disturb me, said samuel.
the cbi and ed had also sent summons to samuel and wanted to interrogate him this week.
he told the agencies that it was not physically possible for him to travel.
its been over a year, but kolkata police are still in the process of preparing the final chargesheet against a politicians son who allegedly ran over an indian air force corporal with his audi car at a parade ground near fort william on january 13, 2016.
corporal abhimanyu gaud, 21, was rehearsing for the republic day parade on red road when the speeding car crashed through the guardrails in the protected zone and knocked him down.
the vehicle was allegedly being driven by sambia shorab, the 25-year-old son of trinamool mla mohammad shorab from kolkata.
though sambia managed to escape after the incident, he was arrested a few days later.
sources said the chargesheet has been delayed because police were trying to establish murder charges against the accused.
even chief minister mamatabanerjee has directed them to deal with the case as strictly as possible.
read | did 32-year-olds love for fast cars cost iaf official his life?
to the credit of the homicide department, sambia hasnt been able to come out on bail yet.
this is in spite of all the influence exerted by his father to convert the murder charges to that of a road accident, said a senior kolkata police officer.
he said deputy commissioner (combat force) lieutenant colonel nevendera singh paul, who was the first officer to inspect the audi after the accident, has taken a particular interest in the case.
it is probably nostalgia for the armed forces that has made paul extend himself beyond regular policing duties to ensure that the accused does not take advantage of legal loopholes, he added.
read | kolkata hit-and-run case: sambia sohrab admits to driving the killer carthe officer said police were looking at three points to establish murder charges against the mlas son.
the first was the identification of the accident spot as a protected area, which sambia had entered in violation of all traffic rules.
second, sambias audi had crashed into the guardrail barriers not once but thrice  indicating deliberate intent.
the third point was that sambia had not slowed down and surrendered even after hitting the late corporal.
instead, he stepped on the gas and escaped after crashing through another guardrail barrier.
police also said sambia had violated the law on several instances in the past, using his fathers name to intimidate his victims.
in 2015, just a few months before the red road mishap, sambia had beaten up the manager of a city-based nightclub and threatened him by citing his fathers name.
once the trial begins, we are confident that these points will justify the murder charges filed against the mlas son, the officer said.
a fire gutted a century-old three-storied building in kolkatas burrabazar area  eastern indias largest wholesale market  bringing back horrific memories of a similar fire that raged for four days in the 13-storied nandaram market building in the same area nine years ago.
the fire started around 10 pm on monday in the ground floor and soon engulfed the entire building as it mostly housed godowns stacked with inflammable articles and chemicals.
there were, however, no reports of any casualties.
three firemen sustained minor injuries, said gour prasad ghosh, director of fire services.
read: three firemen injured as fire engulfs kolkata godownas many as 30 fire tenders and more than 70 fire fighters were pressed into action who fought the flames throughout the night.
bipin ganatra  the voluntary firemen of kolkata who has been recently conferred padma shri for his years of voluntary service in fighting fires  also rushed to the spot.
sovan chatterjee, state fire services minister who also doubles up as the city mayor, was there on the spot for several hours.
chief minister mamatabanerjee telephoned him to take stock of the situation late in the night.
as the building had wooden staircases and was already in a dilapidated condition without any fire fighting mechanisms, a portion of it caved in making matters worse.
scarcity of water and the crowded streets also a major also posed a major problem.
read: hospital fire: behind the smokescreen, students turn mother for newbornseven though the flames could be arrested after nearly 12 hours, pockets of fires were still there in some parts of the building.
we are trying to douse them, said a fireman around 10 am on tuesday.
the adjacent buildings were evacuated and lpg cylinders of nearby shops were shifted to a safer place.
most of the major arterial roads including mahatma gandhi road and rabindra sarani had to be closed for traffic triggering massive traffic snarls in the central business district of kolkata.
thick black smoke billowing out of the building engulfed the whole area spreading panic among the residents and local shopkeepers who had witnessed the nandaram market fire in 2008.
the army had to be deployed then to douse the flames after the fire department failed to bring the situation under control.
most of the buildings in this area dont have any fire fighting mechanisms.
something needs to be done, said chatterjee.
andhra pradesh chief minister n chandrababu naidu on saturday hit back at prime minister narendra modi, who referred to telugu desam party president as u-turn babu at an election rally in adnhra pradeshs kurnool a day before.
naidu posted a series of tweets using hashtag #modiisamistake pointing to 2014 parliamentary elections which saw the bharatiya janata party win 282 seat winning single-party majority in the lok sabha after 30 years.
the tdp chief accused pm modi of resorting to lies in his public speeches ahead of the lok sabha polls.
coming from the land of mahatma gandhi, if you had any respect for him, you would not have resorted to such lies.
the whole country now knows that being in power matters the most to you, naidu wrote on the micro-blogging site.
launching sharp attack on pm modi, naidu said, mother india would have never thought that she would see a prime minister like you.
are you not ashamed to act in favour of the culprit who has 12 criminal cases?
why are you rolling out the red carpet for him in your office?
the andhra pradesh chief minister was responding to pm modis stinging remarks against him at an election rally in the state on friday.
pm modi said, when we raised the question on corruption, the u-turn babu snapped ties with the national democratic alliance.
naidu was part of the bjp-led national democratic alliance (nda) till 2017 when he walked out of the ruling coalition alleging discrimination against andhra pradesh, for which he sought special category status from the centre.
the modi government cited technical difficulties in not granting the special category status to andhra pradesh.
the prime minister also took potshot at naidus alliance with the congress saying, now he has joined up with people who ride the bail gaadi.
in his riposte, naidu wrote on twitter: you are not chowkidar, you are bakhidar.
you have not fulfilled the promises of special status, railway zone, metro rail, kadapa steel plant.
is it not your conspiracy against ap?
naidu has been campaigning for past several months to present a united front against the bjp-led ruling coalition in the national election.
he has played instrumental role behind two mega rallies of the opposition parties in january and february this year.
the first rally was organised in kolkata by the trinamool congress of mamatabanerjee , the west bengal chief minister while the second was hosted by the aam aadmi party of arvind kejriwal, the delhi chief minister.
the congress participated in both the rallies.
andhra pradesh will vote in simultaneous elections to the 175-member assembly and 25 lok sabha seats in the first phase on april 11.
the leader of the opposition, abdul mannan, was rushed to hospital and women legislators alleged manhandling as pandemonium broke out in the west bengal legislative assembly on wednesday over the protest of opposition parties to a bill proposed by the government to make vandals pay for any damage to public and private property.
the congress and the left front are opposed to the bill, have called it draconian and alleged that it is aimed at curbing protests.
tension was triggered after opposition mlas pointed out that trinamool congress mlas unleashed unprecedented vandalism in the assembly itself on november 30, 2006 when the left front was in power.
mannan carried pictures of the vandalism by tmc leaders in the house, and was greeted by protests from the ruling party mlas.
read: cops under constant attack in bengal, mamatabanerjee govt to introduce new lawon that day, trinamool mlas present in the assembly destroyed a large number of furniture, many of them antiques, the moment mamatabanerjee , then an mp, entered the house to tell her colleagues how the police barred her from entering singur.
on wednesday, congress and left mlas tried to enter the assembly carrying posters depicting the destruction of furniture of the assembly.
tmc mlas alleged a few microphones were damaged during the pandemonium.
(subhankar chakraborty)however, speaker biman bandyopadhyay did not allow congress and left mlas to enter the house carrying those posters.
veteran congress leader and leader of the opposition, abdul mannan, defied the speaker and wore a jacket made of the posters, following which the speaker suspended mannan for the day and asked the marshall to take him out of the house.
while mannan refused to leave and squatted in the well, he was forcibly taken away.
he fell ill following the scuffle.
the state government appeared determined to get the legislation passed.
after the bhangar agitation on january 17 when a number of police vehicles were set on fire and the aushgram police station was set ablaze on january 28, the chief minister announced that they will enact a legislation that will make vandals pay for any damage they cause to property, both public and private.
the existing law of 1972 had provisions for penalising those who damaged public property.
this new law will ensure those vandalising private property will be penalised as well, said parliamentary affairs minister partha chatterjee in a press conference.
he also pointed out that it will help in protecting places of worship, and thereby help in preserving communal peace.
the destruction of assemblys furniture by trinamool congress mlas in november 2006 was unprecedented.
so is the way the leader of the opposition was suspended and forcibly taken away today, said sujan chakraborty, the leader of cpi(m) legislative party.
the law aims at curbing protests by threatening commoners with unprecedented consequences, cpi(m) mla and former left front minister ashok bhattacharya said.
left and congress mlas went to raj bhavan, seeking an appointment with the governor keshari nath tripathi, but were unable to meet him till this report was filed.
incidentally, after the destruction of assembly furniture by tmc mlas, former speaker hasim abdul hailm opened up the house for the people to walk in and see for themselves the destruction.
following the scuffle on wednesday, the speaker allowed journalists to enter the house and witness how the left and congress mlas ransacked the house.
the chief minister apologised to the speaker for the misbehaviour of the opposition mlas.
the opposition created a ruckus instead of engaging in discussions because they are running out of issues, said veteran trinamool leader and panchayat minister subrata mukherjee.
later, chief minister mamatabanerjee sent three trinamool mlas, shashi panja, manas bhuniya and sudershan ghosh dastidar - all of whom are doctors - to see mannan at the hospital.
while no furniture was destroyed on wednesday, some microphones were allegedly damaged and important papers went missing.
government sources claimed that charges would be framed against opposition mlas for the vandalism on wednesday according to the provisions of the new law.
the marshall said that 11 of the security guards were injured in the scuffle with the mlas.
the bharatiya janata partys (bjp) triumphant return to power, with 303 seats (leads and wins at 10 pm) as compared to 2014s 282, shows that the latter wasnt the outlier or black swan everyone considered it to be.
in 2014, the party won 171 of 185 seats in uttar pradesh, madhya pradesh, rajasthan, chhattisgarh, jharkhand, and gujarat.
no one thought that number could be repeated.
not even senior leaders of the bjp.
in 2019, the party won 158 of these 185 seats.
but it did something better.
in 2014, the party won just 111 seats of the 358 seats outside these states.
this year, it won 142.
also in 2014, the party won 86  of its head-to-head contests against the congress, according to political analyst and ht columnist, neelanjan sircar.
this year, he points out, it actually managed to improve this strike rate to 93 .
the biggest factor behind the bjps win was prime minister narendra modi: nothing else can explain why, across states, stalwarts from the opposition bit the dust.
and nothing else can explain why the bjp swept states where the congress won assembly polls as recently as december 2018.
left stranded in the wake of the bjps win are samajwadi partys akhilesh yadav and bahujan samaj partys mayawati, both of whom staked their political future by forging an unlikely partnership to take on the bjp; mamatabanerjee , whose trinamool congress has suffered significant losses in west bengal; even naveen patnaik, whose biju janata dal, while holding its own in both the assembly and lok sabha elections in odisha, has ceded ground to the bjp.
the telugu desam partys (tdps) n chandrababu naidu, one of the prime movers of a possible alliance that actually thought it may have a chance to form the government, finds himself in political wilderness, although it is jagan mohan reddys ysrcp and not the bjp that is responsible for this.
the only winners in these elections, apart from the bjp, are the dravida munnetra kazhagams (dmks) mk stalin in tamil nadu, yscrps mr reddy, and the congress amarinder singh.
the first, by winning his first big electoral battle after the death of his father and dmk patriarch m karunanidhi; the second by sweeping aside the incumbent mr naidu-led tdp government in andhra pradesh apart from registering a landslide win in the lok sabha elections in the state; and the third by ensuring the congress did well in punjab.
at the level of the two main national parties, the result of these elections poses two questions, one to each.
for the congress, that question is simply whether it is time to look beyond the gandhis.
three gandhis (one of whom didnt campaign much) couldnt win it this election or even help it improve its performance significantly over 2014.
former party president sonia gandhi was succeeded by her son rahul gandhi.
and her daughter priyanka gandhi vadra, although just one of the partys several general secretaries, is effectively no 3.
the trinamool congress ms mamatabanerjee and yscrps mr reddy are both former congress leaders who have thrived outside the party.
punjabs mr singh has managed to create space for himself in the party, but he is one of very few leaders that have managed to do so.
the party has to indulge in some serious introspection on this.
for the bjp, that question is about what it needs to do in terms of governance and administration to ensure that it can win an election where people are electing their representatives and not the prime minister.
while the partys focus on reaching out to the 220 million beneficiaries of the governments welfare programmes did help its cause, it was its ability to present the contest as a presidential style one with mr modi as its candidate that helped it drown out very real issues such as the agrarian crisis and unemployment.
at a larger level, the bjps win in these elections raises the question whether india is finally moving into a post-mandal phase of politics.
the bjp may have helped accelerate this with its move to reorganise the other backward classes by looking at subcategories.
the poor performance of the sp and the rashtriya janata dal could perhaps be indicative of this.
while an answer to this question will require more research, if this is happening, it will mean that after three decades, indian politics has definitely moved into a new epoch.
which is only in the fitness of things: the bjps new india will also see a new wave of politics.
congress president rahul gandhi and party general secretary priyanka gandhi vadra on sunday slammed prime minister narendra modis remark the previous day terming rajiv gandhi, their late father and a former pm, as corrupt no.
1, triggering a fresh war of words that sent the political mercury soaring a day ahead of the fifth phase of the lok sabha elections featuring, mostly, constituencies in the heartland.
the gandhis found support in bahujan samaj party (bsp) chief mayawati, who appealed to her supporters to back the congress over the centres ruling bharatiya jatana party (bjp) in amethi and rae bareli, which go to polls on monday and from where rahul gandhi and his mother sonia gandhi are contesting.
the bsp-samajwadi party (sp) alliance has not fielded candidates from the two seats.
rahul gandhi and his sister priyanka gandhi, who is in charge of the congress in east up, launched scathing attacks on modi for his statement on rajiv gandhi, who was killed by a suicide bomber of a sri lankan separatist group in tamil nadu in 1991.
modi ji, the battle is over.
your karma awaits you.
projecting your inner beliefs about yourself onto my father wont protect you.
all my love and a huge hug, rahul gandhi tweeted, a message that also brought back memories of the congress leader hugging pm modi in parliament during a debate on a no-confidence motion against the government in july 2018.
priyanka gandhi reminded modi that the country never forgives deceit, and tweeted: a prime minister, who insults the martyrdom of soldiers by asking for votes in their names, insulted the martyrdom of a righteous and noble man in his unbridled eccentricity.
reply will be given by the people of amethi for whom rajiv gandhi gave his life.
.
.
rajiv gandhi represented amethi in the lok sabha.
the debate started after modi, addressing a rally in uttar pradeshs pratapgarh on saturday, said rahul gandhi, who alleges wrongdoing in the rafale fighter jet deal and claims the national democratic alliance (nda) government benefited only rich businessmen, was trying to tarnish his image.
your father was termed mr clean by his courtiers, but his life ended as bhrastachari number 1 [corrupt number 1], modi said at the event.
the bjp justified the pms comment at a press conference on sunday, with union minister prakash javadekar referring to the bofors deal of 1986, when rajiv gandhi was the prime minister.
union finance minister arun jaitley too hit out at the congress president.
why is rahul gandhi so disturbed if integrity issues of the rajiv gandhi government are raised?
why did ottavio quattrocchi get kickbacks in bofors?
who was the q connection?
no reply has come, he said in a tweet.
india entered a rs 1,437-crore deal with swedish arms manufacturer ab bofors for the supply of 400 155mm howitzer guns but a swedish radio channel claimed several indian politicians and defence personnel took bribes from the company.
in november 2018, the supreme court dismissed a plea by the central bureau of investigation (cbi) against a delhi high court order that in 2015 quashed charges against all people accused in the high-profile case.
congress general secretary kc venugopal said modis remark against rajiv gandhi was a display of his frustration and desperation after four rounds of polling in the seven-phase election process.
to use such a repulsive and appalling language against a former pm who received the bharat ratna [indias highest civilian award] and a martyr who sacrificed his life for the cause of the nation is highly condemnable, he said.
west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee tweeted, sorry for my delayed response on this.
i was campaigning.
the comments made by expiry pm modiji against fmr pm rajiv gandhiji are very unfortunate.
rajivji dedicated himself & laid down his life for the motherland.
i condemn the language used & the audacity of such a statement.
as the war of words raged, mayawati asked her supporters to vote for the congress in amethi and rae bareli.
the bjp and the congress are alike.
we have no coalition with the congress, but our supporters will vote for the congress in amethi and rae bareli to defeat the bjp, mayawati said in a press note.
mayawati also accused modi of trying to create a rift in the sp-bsp alliance.
ever since we announced our alliance, the prime minister has gone into a panic mode.
.
.
, mayawati told the media in lucknow.
in eastern uttar pradesh, modi continued with his tirade against the samajwadi party-bsp alliance on sunday, a day before the smallest phase of the lok sabha elections.
of the 51 seats that will go to the polls on monday, other than seven in west bengal and two in jammu and kashmir, all seats are in hindi-speaking states.
at the bhadohi rally, modi said, when bua [mayawati] and babua [sp chief akhilesh yadav] were arch-rivals, then the chief minister [mayawati] had named a district as sant ravidas nagar.
but babua, due to his self pride, removed the name when he came to power.
.
.
and today, the same bua is seeking votes for the same babua, he said.
yadav hit out at modi saying the language of the prime minister has changed as in every phase [of the polls] the bjp is trailing.
i would like to tell the bjp that the sp-bsp-rld (rashtriya lok dal) alliance will decide as to who will form the next government and who will be the new prime minister, he said.
on may 5, en route to chandigarh, bharatiya janata party president amit shah told this writer that he expected his party to win around 23 seats in west bengal and 63 seats in uttar pradesh.
he added that some in his own party thought he was off his mind to predict these numbers.
on may 23, it emerged that the bjp was set to becoming the first majority government in 48 years to return with a majority by improving its seat tally in west bengal and retaining its hold on uttar pradesh.
in the first state it was up against the trinamool congress.
in the second, its opposition was the alliance of the samajwadi party, bahujan samaj party, and the rashtriya lok dal.
if the bjp owes part of its success to the narendra modi effect that, as some analysts said, ensured that as far as many voters were concerned he was the partys candidate in their constituencies, then it owes another part to shahs organisational abilities which ensured that it almost held on to its seats in uttar pradesh, where, along with an ally which won two seats, it won 73 seats in 2014 and that it offset the marginal dip in seats with a strong performance in west bengal, where it won two seats in 2014.
the partys performance in west bengal can be credited to a strategy that was put in place in 2014, soon after modi took over as pm and shah as party president.
both knew that they had to win over eastern india to balance losses from north and west of india in 2019.
the october 2, 2014 burdwan blasts exposed the tmcs poor record in internal security and provided shah with an opportunity which he utilized to the optimum.
talking to hindustan times around the time of the partys burdwan rally on january 20, 2015, he said that time for bjp had come in the state.
also read | all losers are not losers, says mamatabanerjee as bjp makes deep cuts in bengaljust as shah discovered himanta biswa sarma as leader of the bjp in north-east, he pushed strongman kailash vijayvargia and suave sidharth nath singh as bjp faces in west bengal.
after singh became a minister in the up government, shah brought in sarma from assam and another team from gujarat.
the intellectual face of the bjp in the state was led by rajya sabha mp swapan dasgupta and anirban ganguly, but shah knew that he had to take on the states mercurial chief minister mamatabanerjee on the ground.
as mamatabanerjee responded to this, she only seems to have succeeded in alienating large sections of rural and urban bengal.
the next target for shah is the 2021 state assembly elections.
even as shah focused on eastern india, his principal focus remained on up, which he knew was critical to the bjps victory.
for anyone who spent time in the lal bahadur shastri airport in varanasi, this was quite evident  a club one falcon charter jet used by shah would go up and down the runway at all hours.
today, the bsp-sp alliance has been cut to sizeshah biggest strengths are his political astuteness combined with huge reserves of energy.
for instance, after the bjps roadshow on may 14 at 6.
30pm in kolkata that was marred by violence, he addressed a meeting of the citys intellectuals at rajarhat at 8.
30pm, gave several interviews, boarded a charter to varanasi at midnight, held meetings with railway minister piyush goyal at amethi house in kashi, and then returned to delhi by 6 am.
he held a press conference on the kolkata violence at 10 am and then went back to uttar pradesh.
through the campaign, he has addressed, on average, five rallies a day.
the 2019 elections also mark shahs electoral debut at the national level.
a political fighter to the core, shah requested the bjp election committee to allow him to fight from amethi against congress president rahul gandhi .
however, former party president and home minister rajnath singh prevailed on him to fight from safer confines of gandhinagar as he wanted the party to consolidate its position in its best seats.
shah wanted his nominating diling in gandhinagar to be a quiet affair, but it was ally shiromani akali dals chief prakash singh badal who insisted it be made a showcase of the national democratic alliances strength.
when shah demurred, badal senior called up prime minister modi and got home minister rajnath singh and finance minister arun jaitley to attend the road show.
badal insisted on speaking first in the rally and spoke of the ascendency of shah as a leader in the bjp pantheon.
the run-away victory in the 2019 elections has just under scored that point.
if 2014 marked the arrival of amit shah the consummate election planner, then 2019 has marked the arrival of shah as a mass leader at the national level.
though looking a little tired, rjd chief lalu prasad presented himself at his 10, circular road western patna residence here on sunday to meet hundreds of his supporters jostling to greet their leader with bouquet in hand, on the occasion of his 70th birthday.
it was an eventful day for prasad, who, in the morning, attended the inauguration of two mega bridges of the state in the company of chief minister nitish kumar and younger son cum deputy cm tejashwi prasad yadav.
but by noon, he was heading for home for the celebrations.
i am 70 now.
i have come a long way.
i will now dedicate myself to the service of the nation for rest of my life, prasad said at the event.
with exhaustion writ large on prasads face, bihar cm nitish kumar, referred in terms of the longstanding relations between the two leaders as chote bhai, had a heart-warming compliment for bade bhai lalu.
you dont look 70.
you look as enthusiastic and passionate as you were in your student days, he said.
this was recall of the time when the two had started their political careers as student leaders and took part in the jaya prakash narayan-led movement in 1974.
kumar was among the first to call on the rjd chief in the morning to extend his greetings on his birthday .
insiders said the rjd chief was tired after having stayed at ranchi for the last few days due to his court appearance related to re-opening of fodder scam cases of the 1990s against him, following a recent supreme court verdict.
prasad and his family members have also been under attack from bjp leader sushil modi, who accused them of amassing unexplained property worth rs 1,000 crore.
however, a highlight of the celebration was the cake cutting ceremony.
at 12.
30 pm, a bunch of party supporters brought in a big cake, weighing seventy pounds to match prasads age and ayers of cream in green in tune with colour of the rjd flag.
prasads wife and former chief minister rabri devi also came out to greet the rjd chief and accept the greetings from the visitors, including ministers.
i have wished laluji and may he live for long, said rabri, adding, no special food preparation had been made for the day.
whatever laluji would want to eat, we will prepare instantly, she said, with a chuckle.
prasads elder son and health minister tej pratap  who had gone on short trip to vrindavan for some religious rituals, was also seen extending greetings to his father.
senior leaders like west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee and congress top leaders had also sent their birthday greetings t o the rjd chief, source said.
earlier, there was a small family event at mid night on saturday , when prasad cut a cake with his children, younger son tejashwi and daughter ragini.
incidentally, his eldest daughter misa bharti was conspicuous by her absence as she was out of station.
punjab chief minister amarinder singh has joined the list of chief ministers giving a miss to niti aayogs fifth governing council meeting on saturday.
bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee and telangana chief minister k chandrashekar rao are also missing the first meeting of the national planning body after the recently concluded lok sabha polls handed out a fresh mandate to bjp led nda.
prime minister narendra modi will chair the niti aayog meeting at the rashtrapati bhavan.
the meeting will be attended by some of the countrys top most political office bearers including the chief ministers, lieutenant governors of union territories and union ministers apart from senior bureaucrats.
punjab chief minister amarinder singh, who is reported to be under the weather, today also missed a meeting chaired by congress leader and former prime minister manmohan singh.
chief ministers of the states, where the congress is in power, with or without allies, were called to discuss issues to be raised at the niti aayog meeting .
telangana chief minister k chandrasekhar rao may be missing the niti aayog governing council meet due to the inauguration of kaleshwaram lift irrigation project, said trs leader and former mp b vinod kumar.
i am not aware of the exact reason.
but i think the chief minister was too preoccupied with the arrangements for the inauguration of kaleshwaram lift irrigation project, the biggest in the country, on june 21, he said.
however, an official familiar with the development, said till thursday, kcr, as the chief minister is popularly known, was getting ready to attend the niti aayog meeting to be chaired by prime minister narendra modi.
he even instructed the officials to prepare a detailed note which he was planning to present at the governing council meeting.
he was keen on showcasing the rythu bandhu scheme, which has become a role model for several states.
but it is not known why he decided against attending the niti aayog meeting, he said.
unconfirmed reports from trs sources said kcr had dropped his plan to attend the niti aayog meeting as he was upset at being denied an appointment with the prime minister for a one-on-one meeting.
kcr also wanted to invite the prime minister for the inauguration of kaleshwaram project, but apparently, he could not get the appointment, a trs source said.
bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee , whose party is fighting a bitter political battle with the bjp was the first to opt out of the meeting, calling it fruitless as the niti aayog has no financial powers to support state plans.
family and followers of netaji subhas chandra bose will organise a rally in kolkata on friday to commemorate the 72nd year of his disappearance.
permission to hold the public event was given by the kolkata police on thursday evening.
the rally will be held under the banner of open platform for netaji, an organisation formed a few years ago.
its members have been demanding the formation of a special investigation team that will visit russia, uk, germany, france, japan, china, malaysia, singapore, thailand, taiwan and myanmar and re-examine evidence linked to boses disappearance.
netajis grandnephew chandra kumar bose (right) addressing the media in kolkata on thursday.
(ht photo)boses grandnephew and convener of the forum, chandra kumar bose said, it was unfortunate that the police did not give permission to hold the rally when we asked for it for the first time although chief minister mamatabanerjee believes that netaji did not die in the plane crash at taihoku in 1945.
she even declassified the files on netaji.
i personally met the chief minister at raj bhavan on independence day.
i invited her to take part in the event.
she said she would give it a thought, said bose.
read: netaji died in 1945 aircrash, says centre in rti reply; family demands probechitra bose, swaraka nath bose, jayanti rakshit and abhijit ray - who is also the co-convener of the forum - are other members of the bose family who will be seen at the rally.
ray said the police initially asked the organisors to reschedule the event but the latter refused because bose disappeared on august 18.
later, they asked us to shorten the route, ray said at a press conference on thursday afternoon.
read: govt sent 304 declassified files on subhash chandra bose to national archivesthe forum also wants a mitochondrial dna test done on the ashes - said to be that of netaji - kept at the renkoji temple in japan.
if scientific tests prove that netaji did not die in the crash, the indian government should stop using taxpayers money on preservation of the ashes, said chandra bose.
bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee publicly defended her party leaders accused of accepting bribes in the narada fir registered by the central bureau of investigation (cbi), and said that they wont be able to prove anything.
they have registered a case against 13 persons.
hey, why dont you stand up?
they will not be able to prove anything, she said almost in a voice full of disdain that almost sounded like a challenge.
this was the first time she actually defended the accused -- 12 trinamool leaders and one ips officer -- after cbi filed the fir on april 16.
read: narada case: mention of abhishek mamatabanerjee in fir sends trinamool in tizzyall the leaders named in the narada fir, who were also seating on the dais, stood up immediately.
the bengal chief minister was speaking at netaji indoor stadium which was the venue for the organisational election for the party held every six years.
leader of trinamool congress in lok sabha, sudip bandyopadhyay, was arrested by cbi in early january for his alleged involvement in the rose valley scam.
he has been in cbi custody since.
mamata mamatabanerjee has maintained that he was arrested for criticising the demonetisation decision on the floor of the house.
(ht photo)she devoted most of her 50-minute speech to attacking bjp which has started its bengal offensive with renewed vigour after the uttar pradesh elections, unprecedented ram navami celebrations in bengal and the dramatic rise in the partys vote share in assembly bypoll in kanthi dakshin -- 9  to 31  between 2016 and 2017.
read: there is a hate campaign against me: mamatabanerjee takes a dig at bjpthe narada sting has plunged mamatabanerjee in perhaps the deepest crisis yet as it showed as many as 12 senior leaders of the party taking cash.
they were rajya sabha mp mukul roy, lok sabha mps saugata roy, aparupa poddar, sultan ahmed, prasun mamatabanerjee and kakoli ghosh dastidar, ministers firhad hakim, suvendu adhikari, sovan chatterjee (also the kolkata mayor) and subrata mukherjee, former minister madan mitra, mla iqbal ahmed.
ips officer saiyaad mustafa hussain mirza have also been named as accused.
significantly, central forensic science laboratory has already ruled that the videos aired for the first time in mid-april 2016 was not doctored.
last month calcutta high court handed over the investigation to cbi.
supreme court upheld the decision.
dont be afraid.
are you afraid?
she asked the party workers present in the stadium.
mamata mamatabanerjee reiterated her allegation that the narada was nothing but a political conspiracy.
tapas paul is the other trinamool lok sabha mp who is in cbi custody right now.
he, too, was arrested by cbi late last year for his alleged involvement in the rose valley scam.
(ht photo)here is madan mitra, who was put in jail for two years.
what was his crime?
he was seen in a meeting with somebody, said the chief minister dismissively.
incidentally, former transport and sports minister madan mitra was accused in the saradha scam.
the trinamool chief also dared the rulign establishment at the centre to continue incarcerating her party leaders.
put all of us in jail as you have put sudip bandyopadhyay.
remember, if you put us in jail in delhi, we will drive our roots in gujarat, delhi, punjab and other states, she said.
read: amit shah to launch booth chalo drive in bengalsudip bandyopadhyay has been in cbi custody in bhubaneswar since early january for his involvement in the rs 17,000-crore rose valley scam.
mamata mamatabanerjee continued to lash out at bjp describing it as a party of rioters and those peddling death and violence.
hinduism is tolerance.
but your brand of hinduism means parading with swords.
we have never seen rallies with swords here, she said.
read: tmc in a fix over rise of bjps aggressive hindutva in bengalthe chief minister also took a dig at cbi and remarked, we have respect for original cbi.
but this is the cbi of gujubabus (the gujarati gentry).
they seem to be like mice, she said.
the chief minister also asked her party leaders and workers to be vigilant in their neighbourhoods for the next two years till 2019.
watch out whether they are bringing people from outside, from other states.
they may be staying in your area as relatives of locals.
if you see any such irregular presence, you can bring it to the notice of your local authorities and police station.
you may also bring ti to my notice.
write it on a piece of paper and hand it over to an officer in my residence who is called sankhasubhra, said mamatabanerjee banerjee.
west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on wednesday criticised the bill that criminalises instant triple talaq, claiming that the impending legislation is not designed to protect muslim women and will merely poke the community.
the bill that the union government is trying to push through is not meant to protect the womenfolk.
rather, it will cause unnecessary trouble.
the issue has been a rather tricky one for west bengals ruling trinamool congress party since it is solidly backed by the muslims, who constitute 27.
01  of the 91.
3 million population (2011 census).
banerjee has faced frequent criticisms from political opponents that she has appeased the muslims to consolidate her partys vote bank.
banerjee was speaking for the first times since august 22, 2017, when the supreme court described the practice of triple talaq as unconstitutional with three of the five judges in the panel ruling against it.
moreover, trinamool congress legislators did not participate in the discussion in the lok sabha where the muslim women (protection of rights on marriage) bill was introduced and passed on december 28.
banerjee also lashed out at the bjp and alleged that since the party formed the government in assam, the names of bengalis living in the northeastern state for years are being struck off the roles.
one has already committed suicide.
leaders from the state unit of the saffron party reacted sharply to her comments.
her party adopts one role in lok sabha and another in public.
this is politics of opportunism.
it also proves that the woman chief minister does not feel the pain of muslim women, bjps national secretary and former bengal president rahul sinha said.
communist party of india (marxist) politburo member and lok sabha mp md salim also accused her of playing to the gallery.
the party leaders remained silent where they needed to speak (in the lok sabha).
and now she is playing to the gallery.
the bjp has a single point agenda that is hindutva.
but mamatabanerjee has a multi-point agenda where she is playing with fire, salim said.
the cpi-m said the bill is unwarranted and politically motivated while taking part in the discussion in the lok sabha.
ishrat jahan, who was one of the petitioners against triple talaq in the supreme court, has shown interest in joining the bjp.
the 31-year-old mother of two lives in howrah.
the gorkhaland movement coordination committee (gmcc) is likely to consider the union governments appeal to withdraw the ongoing agitation for statehood that has crippled life in the darjeeling hills for the last 61 days.
union home minister rajnath singh reportedly asked a gmcc delegation to explore peaceful ways to achieve their objective during a meeting on sunday evening.
its members will now discuss the situation in telephonic consultation with gorkha janmukti morcha (gjm) president bimal gurung on monday afternoon, said gmcc chief coordinator kalyan dewan.
the delegation that met singh comprised leaders from the gorkha national liberation front (gnlf), communist party of revolutionary marxists (cprm) and gorkhaland rajya nirman morcha (grnm)  besides the gjm.
the union home minister appealed to us to withdraw the ongoing agitation.
we will consider it in todays meeting, dewan told ht.
the union home minister also asked west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee to initiate a dialogue with the gjm and other stakeholders in the darjeeling hills.
internet services in the region have been snapped since june 19.
though the gmcc leaders were not happy with the outcome of the meeting, sources said they were likely to respect singhs appeal by first withdrawing the fast-unto-death agitation launched by gjm youth wing members nearly two months ago.
twelve youngsters in darjeeling, kurseong, kalimpong and mirik had launched the indefinite hunger strike on july 21.
the gmcc has found itself in an awkward situation ever since the centre washed its hands of the statehood issue, pushing it into the mamatabanerjee governments court.
the agitators had been maintaining that they wont negotiate with west bengal because statehood was a central subject.
sources said the bjp government at the centre is not in a mood to antagonise mamatabanerjee and risk losing votes in the upcoming lok sabha elections.
senior bjp members are also miffed with the gjm leadership over the manner in which it announced the indefinite bandh without taking them into confidence.
though the gjm and the bjp have been alliance partners since the 2009 lok sabha elections, leaders of the saffron party were unhappy with the way in which the protest unfolded in the region.
the centre, for its part, has taken note of the widespread damage to public property in the last two months.
violence can never be a solution to any problem.
in a democracy, solutions are always found through restraint, mutual dialogue and legal means, the union home minister told gmcc leaders on saturday.
a press information bureau release quoted singh as saying that the government was aware of the strategic importance of the region and the challenges it faced.
the decisions to call the indefinite bandh and indefinite hunger strike should have been taken at a much later stage of the agitation, a senior member of the gmcc delegation told ht.
however, he described the meeting with singh  which happened two months after the start of the pro-gorkhaland agitation  as a welcome development.
striking junior doctors in west bengal on thursday defied chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjees 2 pm-deadline to join work and said the agitation will continue till their demands related to security in government hospitals are met.
the doctors have been agitating since tuesday after two of their colleagues were attacked and seriously injured at the nrs medical college and hospital in kolkata.
banerjee, who visited the state-run sskm hospital around noon in the wake of disruption of medical services in several parts of the state over the past three days, warned the doctors of action if they do not resume work.
a team of doctors met governor keshari nath tripathi at raj bhavan over the issue and said the chief ministers reaction to their protest was unexpected.
we will continue with our agitation till our demands are fulfilled.
we have spoken to the governor.
he listened to us and hopefully will speak to the chief minister, one of the junior doctors told reporters outside the raj bhavan after meeting tripathi.
the delegation reiterated the demands of the striking doctors.
we will continue with our agitation till our demands are fulfilled.
our demands are simple.
.
.
proper security with armed policemen at all hospitals, arrest of culprits involved in the nrs attack on saturday under non-bailable sections, we did not expect the chief minister to say what she did.
listening to her, we felt like that we were the culprits, another junior doctor said.
the team met the governor after mamatabanerjee , who also holds the health and family welfare portfolio, came down heavily on the doctors for striking work.
i condemn the agitation.
the junior doctors strike is a conspiracy by the cpi(m) and the bjp, she said.
(this story has been published from a wire agency feed without modifications to the text.
only the headline has been changed.
bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjees trinamool congress notched up significant victories on wednesday when results of elections to seven civic bodies showed it getting a first foothold in the northern hills region.
the party won the mirik municipality, part of the darjeeling hills that have been a stronghold of the gorkha janmukti morcha (gjm), and the three civic bodies that went to polls in the plains.
the gjm, which was in alliance with the bharatiya janata party, retained the rest of the hill municipalities that went to polls: darjeeling, kalimpong and kurseong.
in addition to mirik, trinamool won raiganj, domkal and pujali in the plains.
the raiganj civic body was under congress rule for 15 years before the trinamool routed it on wednesday.
the seven civic bodies spanned 148 wards that held elections on may 14.
thanks to mirik for reposing faith in us.
we will work sincerely for you.
after so many decades we begin a new era in the hills, the chief minister tweeted after the results.
congratulations to ma mati manush for again & again putting their trust in us.
we are honored, privileged & humbled, she said in a subsequent post.
the gjm-bjp won 72 wards, or 46.
6 , and the trinamool won 68 (46 ).
its the victory of the demand for gorkhaland, said gjm president bimal gurung, who said the credit for the partys win in the hills did not rest with him alone.
gurung expressed doubts on how results of mirik polls was announced before 9 am.
the left-congress alliance suffered the biggest defeats.
in domkal municipality, the combine won three wards but within hours, two of the winners ashadul islam and rafiqul islam  switched to the trinamool.
state congress president, adhir ranjan chowdhury said the results are not a reflection of genuine mandate.
rather it is the reflection of blatant vote looting through intimidation of voters at gunpoint, he said.
left leader sujan chakraborty echoed chowdhury.
it has been proved again that free and fair polls under this government will never be possible in west bengal.
former bjp state president rahul sinha said bjps victory was certain in pujali had there been no violence on poll day.
even in raigunj and domkal, bjps results would have better.
it is the victory of hooliganism, he said.
the trinamool, however, said the results were a reflection of the state governments performance.
our victory at mirik also proves that besides the plains, the people of hills have started adoring trinamool congress on the development issue, tmc secretary general partha chatterjee said.
former indian football captain, bhaichung bhutia said on wednesday he is ready to set up his political outfit which he would announce in delhi on thursday.
the party will be based in his native state sikkim.
we will formally announce the date for the launch of the party in delhi on thursday.
the formal launch will take place in sikkim in three to four weeks, bhutia said.
the new party will have credible people with a clean image and will work for clean politics in the tiny himalayan state of sikkim, said the former footballer.
handpicked by west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee to represent the trinamool congress (tmc) in darjeeling, bhutia quit bengals ruling party on february 26.
he had announced his resignation on facebook and twitter .
though he kept everyone guessing about his next move, the bharatiya janata party (bjp) and the sikkim krantikari morcha (skm), sikkims main opposition party, were in the race to woo the former striker.
a former leader of skm said, there is an urgent need of a new party with people having clean image leading it, particularly after ps golay, the skm president, was sentenced in a corruption case.
in the 2014 assembly elections, skm won 10 of 32 assembly seats in sikkim.
the skm is considered a challenger for five-time chief minister pawan chamling, who is also the president of sikkim democratic front.
sikkim goes to polls next year.
bhutia contested the 2014 lok sabha elections from darjeeling and the 2016 assembly polls from siliguri on tmc tickets, but lost on both occasions.
indiaupdated: aug 11, 2019 17:55 istwest bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on sunday criticised the centre for issuing income tax notices to several durga puja committees here, saying festivals should be exempt from levies.
the income tax dept has issued notices to many committees who organize durga pujos, asking them to pay taxes.
we are proud of all our national festivals.
these festivals are for all and we do not want any pujo festival to be taxed.
this will be a burden on the organizers, she tweeted.
also read: why mamatabanerjee needs an image makeover | opinionreferring to the ganga sagar mela, the chief minister said her government had withdrawn tax on the annual festival.
bangla govt withdrew tax, which was earlier there, on ganga sagar mela.
we protest and demand no taxation on durga pujo and durga pujo committees, mamatabanerjee posted on twitter.
the cm urged people to join the august 13 protest at subodh mallik square in the city.
the trinamool congress banga janani wing will sit on a dharna on tuesday august 13 at subodh mallik square (opp hind cinema) 10am-6pm.
organisers, participants and all people who love #bangla may please join, she added.
(this story has been published from a wire agency feed without modifications to the text.
only the headline has been changed.
west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on wednesday pulled up authorities of shri shikshayatan, a private girls school in kolkata, for playing prime minister narendra modis maan ki baat for students.
the trinamool congress chief, however, did not name either modi or his monthly radio show.
i heard that the shri shikshayatan principal is playing the video of a speech by a political leader in the classrooms and forcing the students to watch it.
i would have objected to such a step even if the video of my speech was played in an educational institution.
it does not enhance knowledge.
its purely a political programme.
please ask your principal to stop this, she told bhattacharyya.
the shikshayatan foundation secretary general tried to play down the programme being played for students, but mamatabanerjee remarked, i am aware of everything.
it was shown even a few days back.
some teachers also objected to it.
nothing of that sort happens within the school premises now.
though mamatabanerjee did not specify whom she was targeting, a representative of the school told ht a few episodes of the pms programme were shown in the school.
incidentally, mamatabanerjee did her bed in shri shikshayatan college, which is under the same foundation.
incidentally, the state syllabus committee has included six pages on the singur land struggle and the role of the cm and her party colleagues in history books that are taught in class 8.
banerjees pictures adorn five of the six pages.
though the maan ki baat is a radio talk show, the prime ministers office makes videos available on the pms official mobile app.
banerjee is a fierce political critic of the pm and his bharatiya janata party (bjp) and was the first to oppose his demonetisation announcement.
on monday, she described the centres ban on the sale of cattle for slaughter across the countrys livestock markets as unconstitutional.
banerjee, the first woman chief minister of west bengal, is also seen as a maverick.
in september 2012, she mimicked then pm manmohan singh in a live interview on a tv channel and attracted severe criticism.
bombs were hurled, shots fired outside polling booths and a candidate had to scale the wall of a temple to escape a mob even as 26 people were injured in the sixth phase of the ongoing national elections in west bengal on sunday.
eight constituencies in the western part of the state went to polls sunday in a phase where the bharatiya janata party (bjp) sensed its best chance to wrest seats from the ruling trinamool congress (tmc), which was the incumbent in all of the areas.
earlier rounds of polling in the state had also been marred by violent clashes that claimed the lives of a number of political workers.
additional director general of police (law and order) s n gupta said 26 people were injured in clashes.
three of them sustained bullet injuries.
as many as 15 vehicles were damaged and 16 people arrested.
five incidents of firing by central forces were reported since saturday night, gupta added.
five complaints were registered by police.
tensions were high as voting opened in the morning over the death of two workers  one from bjp and the other from tmc  late on saturday in jhargram and east midnapore districts.
as the day progressed, ghatal, where bjp candidate and former police officer bharati ghosh is taking on sitting mp and actor dev, became the focus of the clashes.
in the morning, stones were thrown at ghoshs convoy when she was on her way to a polling booth.
when she reached jhetla village, crude bombs were hurled at her car.
when she got out, she was pushed around and allegedly denied entry to several booths.
when she entered a booth, she stirred a controversy by taking a photo with her phone.
minutes later, her personal guards allegedly fired in the air outside the booth to disperse the crowd, hitting a tmc worker in the arm.
close to midday, ghosh was given chase by a group of villagers, allegedly trinamool workers, and she was forced to take shelter in keshpur police station after scaling the wall of a local kali temple where she took refuge after police seized her car.
after tmc-backed criminals began throwing stones at the temple too, i had to enter the police station, ghosh alleged, adding the (tmc) have turned keshpur into kashmir.
in paschimbar village under kanthi constituency, two bjp supporters were hospitalized after sustaining bullet injuries, allegedly fired by tmc supporters.
however, tmc candidate dibyendu adhikari denied the role of their party workers.
in nayagram under jhargram constituency, a voter, died after falling ill while standing in queue.
the election commission (ec) directed the police to register an fir against ghosh for coming within 100 metres of booths with her security men carrying arms.
she (ghosh) provoked her guards to open fire injuring one of our workers, said firhad hakim, state urban development minister.
bengals chief electoral officer aariz aftab said, barring a few incidents of stray violence at ghatal, polling was overall peaceful in the eight constituencies.
two evms were damaged by troublemakers at saltora in bankura constituency and sutahata in tamluk constituency.
both machines were replaced, said aftab.
union minister prakash javadekar alleged in delhi, tmc men have unleashed violence everywhere.
our candidate from ghatal, a former ips, was heckled and her car was vandalised.
she was herself injured.
clashes also erupted between bjp and tmc workers at balarampur in purulia district.
bangladesh prime minister sheikh hasina will be expecting india to walk the extra mile when she arrives in new delhi for an official visit on friday.
and rightly so.
under ms hasina, bangladesh has proved a steadfast ally of india and reports suggest the two sides are set to ink nearly 40 agreements during her visit.
for the indian side, the focus has been on a defence cooperation deal that is expected to cover stepped up collaboration to counter terror and extremism.
there has also been talk of a $500 million line of credit for the purchase of military hardware as part of a larger multi-billion dollar economic aid package encompassing everything from connectivity to energy.
but there is no getting around the fact that the issue dominating the discourse on the bangladeshi side has been the agreement on sharing the waters of the teesta river that has been stalled since 2011.
bangladeshi officials have referred to the teesta issue as a litmus test, suggesting a breakthrough could pave the way for the shared management of 54 trans-border rivers.
it is unlikely an agreement on the teesta will be hammered out during ms hasinas four-day visit, even though she is expected to meet west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee  widely perceived as the person holding up the pact  at a banquet hosted by the president.
however, there has been talk of the two sides coming up with a draft document that could pave the way for a final agreement.
with bangladesh set to go to the polls by early 2019, hasina cannot afford to be seen in any way as bowing to india on key issues.
this is a charge that has, anyway, been repeatedly hurled at her by the opposition bangladesh nationalist party, which has already begun raising questions about the need for a defence deal with india.
it is therefore imperative for india to strengthen the hands of an ally who has adopted a common stance on issues that are crucial for new delhi, such as terrorism and regional diplomacy.
for ms hasina, it will be important to send out a message to her countrymen that she is engaging india on an equal footing, and in this new delhi can help by going the extra mile to address her concerns.
after its recent electoral victories, the ruling bjp surely is in a position to do so.
both sides should focus on the big picture  a stronger, stable and prosperous bangladesh is in indias long-term interests.
ms hasina has shown on more than one occasion that she is willing to work towards this same big picture.
in a repeat of 2016, the office of the west bengal chief electoral officer issued an order on sunday evening saying anubrata mondal, birbhum district president of the trinamool congress, will be under surveillance during polling on monday and will not have access to his mobile phone.
the ceos office said in an order that mondal will be watched from 6 pm on sunday to 7 am on tuesday by an executive magistrate and a central armed police force staff.
in addition, a videographer will record mondals movement during this period.
no political leader in post-independence bengal has been kept under such surveillance in not one but two successive elections, ec officials said.
the districts two lok sabha constituencies, bolpur and birbhum, will go to polls on monday.
the district is known for political killings and violence and mondal has been accused of instigating these on several occasions.
known for his inflammatory speeches, mondal has always drawn more media attention than any other leader known to be close to chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjee.
on april 16, 2016, mondal was kept under similar surveillance, though only for a day, when assembly elections were held in the district.
on sunday afternoon, bharatiya janata party bengal unit president dilip ghosh demanded that mondal be sent out of the state and kept under surveillance till the polls are over.
the ceos order was issued a few hours later.
the executive magistrate could not trace mondal from 6 pm to 9 pm on sunday since the tmc leader went on a tour of the districts party offices.
he appeared unperturbed when the media caught up with him after 9 pm.
the election commission of india must have gone mad.
it is acting on orders from narendra modi.
this surveillance will not affect me in any way.
and i dont need my mobile phone to contact my men.
i can use any phone.
our vote share went up despite the surveillance in 2016.
the same thing will happen in this election, he said.
i went to our party offices in suri, muraroi, labhpur and other places and told my men what to do tomorrow.
i prescribed the right pills for every disease, mondal said in his signature style when asked what he was doing for more than three hours although he was supposed to be under surveillance.
in 2016, mondal virtually made the ec chase him for eight hours.
the ecs attempt to keep him within sight of a deputy magistrate, eight central paramilitary force personnel and a videographer had little effect on the trinamool strongman.
the surveillance, unprecedented in bengals history, couldnt stop him from meeting party workers inside his home, where the deputy magistrate and his men were not allowed.
later, he went on a tour of district party offices with the ec team following his car for eight hours and making stops along the way.
in a no-holds barred attack not seen so far in this election season, bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on sunday accused prime minister narendra modi of not respecting his mother and wife.
how can you, who has not shown any respect to your own mother, your wife, teach us how to respect our country?
the prime ministers speeches are instigating, the language is shameful, she added.
the trinamool congress chief appeared agitated and referred to bharatiya janata party (bjp) leaders as liars and hooligans.
they are using religious propaganda to divert your attention from crucial issues.
if this is how elections are to be held, let there be no election at all.
let us all fight over religion, she said.
this is not the first time that mamatabanerjee has resorted to personal attacks on modi, but she never accused the prime minister of disrespecting his family.
did you ever look after your family?
leave alone others, did you look after your wife?
how can you know how mothers, daughters and sisters live?
you have none, the bengal chief minister had said while addressing a rally in cooch behar district on april 8.
reacting to banerjees statement on sunday, bengal bjp general secretary sayantan basu said, it is a matter of shame that a chief minister resorts to personal attacks against the prime minister.
she is incapable of countering modi ji politically and hence she is resorting to personal attacks.
this is nothing but an expression of her fears.
at her second rally at nimtouri, also in east midnapore, mamatabanerjee alleged that crores of rupees were being spent on modis rallies but the election commission of india (eci) was not taking any action.
she also targeted the communist party of india (marxist).
those who unleashed violence wearing red shirts are now flexing their muscles in saffron shirts.
one person was shot dead in alleged political violence in west bengal on saturday night, officials said, as clashes continued across the eastern state that has been on the boil since the conclusion of the lok sabha elections in may.
the ruling trinamool congress said the killing of sheikh nizamuddin mondal, 29, in the baruipur area of south 24-parganas district had nothing to do with politics.
but the bharatiya janata party (bjp) said mondal was killed in an infighting within the trinamool.
as confusion prevailed, the communist party of india (marxist) said mondal was a supporter of the left party.
we have begun an investigation, said rashid munir khan, superintendent of baruipur police.
in separate incidents, a bjp supporter and his son were attacked in north dinajpur district on saturday night, and another bjp leaders house was attacked early on sunday at bolpur in birbhum district.
the party accused chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjees trinamool of carrying out the attacks.
tension simmered in bankura district too.
three people, including a 13-year-old boy, suffered bullet injuries after the police allegedly opened fire in patrasayar on saturday evening.
all three underwent surgeries at bankura medical college and hospital.
the condition of the boy is said to be critical.
trouble broke out shortly after tmc minister suvendu adhikari took out a procession, and the bjp alleged that the police opened fire when clashes broke out after a local party leader started shouting jai shri ram.
bankura superintendent of police koteswar rao said, the police used tear gas to disperse the crowd.
three policemen suffered bullet injuries.
we are trying to find out who opened fire.
announcing a series of agitations, west bengal bjp president dilip ghosh said on sunday, we want the central bureau of investigation (cbi) to probe the patrasayar firing as well as the police firing at bhatpara [in north 24-parganas] that claimed two lives on june 20.
mamata mamatabanerjee has unleashed anarchy in bengal.
why should people be shot by police for chanting jai sri ram?
.
trinamool minister subrata mukherjee said, bjp workers showed the media some spent cartridges of .
303 calibre rifles [after the patrasayar incident].
it proves that they opened fire, not the police.
prime minister narendra modi on friday urged the students of visva-bharati to turn 100 villages around santiniketan in birbhum district of west bengal self-sufficient to mark the central universitys centenary in 2021.
the villages should have a power connection, lpg gas supply, the children should receive vaccinations, the villagers should be able to fill up forms digitally, modi said during the universitys convocation programme.
the prime minister referred to a few central projects such as swachh bharat that would help them in this effort.
modi also said he was sorry to know about the non-availability of drinking water in santiniketan.
as i was coming by car, some children gestured to me that they dont even have drinking water.
as the chancellor, i tender my apology, modi said at the beginning of his speech.
west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee was present on the dais along with prime minister of bangladesh sheikh hasina when modi was speaking.
hasina and mamatabanerjee became the first head of government of a foreign country and the first chief minister to be present during the ceremony.
it is a rare occasion where the prime ministers of two countries are present at the convocation programme of a university, said modi.
however, in a major security breach, a man broke the safety cordon for modi to give him a portrait of rabindranath tagore at the venue.
when modi was leaving the dias after declaring the convocation closed, the man suddenly went up the platform to give him the portrait.
the prime minister took the portrait and handed it over to his security personnel.
bengali poet rabindranath tagore formally started the college in santiniketan in december 1921 with the money he received as the award for the nobel literature prize in 1913.
this was modis first visit to visva-bharati, the only central university of which he is the chancellor.
he was a global citizen then, he is a global citizen now.
in many countries that i have visited, i have seen people carrying his values with deep respect.
in afghanistan, everyone knows his story kabuliwala, the prime minister said while speaking of tagore.
modi also said that tagores elder brother satyendranath tagore, the first indian to become an indian civil service officer, taught the poet english literature in ahmedabad.
gujarat also had a small contribution towards making the personality of tagore, he said.
modi and hasina also inaugurated bangladesh bhavan, a centre dedicated to the cultural cooperation between the india and bangladesh, in the university campus.
may 25 is also the date of birth of kazi nazrul islam, the national poet of bangladesh.
juniors doctors whose week-long cease-work crippled state-run health services in west bengal, called off the strike after a 90-minute meeting with chief minister mamatabanerjee on monday during which she assured them of addressing all their security concerns.
we are withdrawing our agitation.
the chief minister has said that there will be zero tolerance to assault on doctors.
we will resume work from tomorrow.
i am urging all agitating doctors to return to work as soon as possible, one of the agitators told the media in the evening.
the agitators said that they would try to restore services monday night itself, if possible.
the doctors said they along with the government will review the situation a few days later on the steps decided at the meeting.
we will give the government some time to implement the steps decided at the meeting, the doctors said.
among the steps decided in the meeting were adequate police protection at state-run hospitals, restricting the entry of persons with a patient to two, installation of collapsible gates in front of emergency sections to restrict the unchecked entry of people in hospital premises.
as many as 31 representatives from the states medical colleges and hospitals and dental colleges attended the meeting.
at the end of the meeting which was telecast live at the insistence of the agitators, the chief minister urged the junior doctors to resume services.
many agitating doctors, who watched the meeting on tv, began celebrating after the meeting.
after the discussion, the chief minister went to institute of neurosciences to see the injured junior doctor paribaha mukherjee.
it is our duty to ensure that the incident (beating up of doctors) is not repeated.
we treat doctors as god, said the chief minister, who also said that the meeting was fruitful.
also read: rajasthan doctors join nationwide striking colleagues, boycott workthough the chief minister said, i am assuming that the cease work is being called off, archisman bhattacharya, speaking on behalf of the agitators of n r s medical college and hospital said, please allow us to inform our colleagues and announce our decision there.
the agitation of the junior doctors since tuesday almost crippled state-run healthcare services in bengal.
outpatients department that witness more than 90  of the footfall of patients in any hospital was closed, while, in some cases, even emergency services collapsed.
even radiological and pathological services were severely affected.
indoor services, too, were affected, since the number of senior doctors was inadequate to fill the gap left by the agitating junior doctors.
the concerns are genuine.
we have to implement them, chief minister banerje told the officers present in the meeting to take up the points for implementation.
officials present in the meeting included the chief secretary, health secretary, home secretary, director general of police, kolkata police commissioner, additional director general (law and order).
also read: senior doctors, teachers at rims to stay away from imas boycott call todayjunior health minister chandrima bhattacharya was also present at the meeting.
incidentally, both the departments at the center of the controversy, health, and police, are handled by chief minister mamatabanerjee herself.
the agitation that began on monday night at kolkatas n r s medical college and hospital had spread beyond bengal across 17 states and union territories during the week.
senior doctors joined the agitation and on friday and saturday, more than 700 of them submitted letters to the authorities expressing their intention to resign.
on saturday, the agitators had turned down the request of the chief minister to meet her at 5 pm at the state secretariat doubting the objectivity and safety of talks with a handful of our representatives behind closed doors.
on saturday evening, the chief minister held a press conference with the chief secretary saying that the administration has decided to address all the safety and security-related concerns of the junior doctors.
the chief minister also said that her doors were always open for negotiation.
over the past few days, mamatabanerjee had sent her junior health minister, director of medical education and kolkata police commissioner to speak to the agitators, but to no avail.
five veteran doctors of the state had also tried to mediate, but without success.
the ruling trinamool congress accused the bjp of distributing money in west bengals barasat, which goes to polls in the seventh and the last phase of the lok sabha election, as the opposition party denied the allegation.
according to news agency ani, tmc candidate from barasat kakoli ghosh dastidar on monday informed the local police accusing the bjp of handing out money.
police raided the home of a bharatiya janata party worker in barasat after the tmc leaders complaint.
they are distributing money.
the bjp is doing this, ghosh dastidar, the sitting member of parliament from barasat, was quoted as saying by ani.
the bjp, on its part, charged the trinamool of attacking the cars parked outside the venue of a meeting being held by its leader arvind menon in barasat.
the bjps arvind menon was holding a meeting with a few leaders in barasat.
few people led by kakoli came there and attacked the cars parked outside.
there is no democracy in this state, party leader mukul roy said according to ani.
the trinamool and bjp are locked in a bitter fight in west bengal this time, with the bjp setting a minimum target of 22-23 seats, and tmc chief and chief minister mamatabanerjee vowing to win all 42 in the state.
sporadic violence has been reported since the beginning of this general election in west bengal where the bjp and the tmc have accused each other of political murders and attacks.
eight constituencies in the western part of the state voted on sunday in a phase where the bjp says it has the best chance to wrest seats from the ruling party, which holds all of them in area.
nine parliamentary constituencies  dum dum, barasat, basirhat, joynagar, mathurapur, diamond harbour, jadavpur, kolkata dakshin, kolkata uttar  will vote on may 19.
the votes will be counted on may 23.
new delhi the union home ministry informed the rajya sabha on wednesday that it has not yet approved the proposed change of the name of west bengal to bangla, prompting chief minister mamatabanerjee to shoot off a letter to prime minister narendra modi, asking him to expedite the renaming process.
in a written reply to independent mp ritabrata mamatabanerjee , minister of state for home nityanand rai said that the centre has not cleared the name bangla for west bengal.
change in the name of a state requires constitutional amendment, after taking into consideration all relevant factors, rai replied.
hours after the reply, mamatabanerjee wrote to modi requesting him to expedite the process of renaming the state as bangla.
the name west bengal is in english and paschim bangla in bengali and it does not bear the testimony of the classical history that our state has, mamatabanerjee wrote.
she also requested modi to get the required constitutional amendment done during the current session of parliament.
renaming the state has been on banerjees agenda ever since she came to power in 2011.
trinamool has argued that at important inter-state or national meetings, west bengals representatives get the chance to speak only after all other states just because west bengal comes last in the alphabetical order of the states.
but politically, mamatabanerjee eyes an opportunity to grab the credit of renaming the state after a similar idea of the erstwhile left front government didnt make much headway.
on july 26 last year, the state assembly, where trinamool has a majority, passed a resolution supporting the change of name of west bengal.
the resolution said that the name of the state should be bangla in the three most-spoken languages  bengali, hindi and english.
soon after coming to power, banerjees government suggested the bengali name of the state-- paschimbangato be used in english and hindi too.
this idea was turned down by the central government.
in 2016, the state proposed bengal in english, bangla in bengali and bangal in hindi, but this too was turned down.
earlier, the centre pointed out that the word bangla has similarity to bangladesh and it would be difficult to differentiate the two at international forums, a senior official said.
meanwhile, bjp mp from bengal locket chatterjee caused disruption in the lok sabha during zero hour by accusing west bengal the ruling tmc government of killing people for chanting jai shri ram.
chatterjees remarks disrupted the proceedings, prompting lower house speaker om birla to adjourn the house for an hour.
tmc leader sudip bandopadhyay later demanded that chatterjees remarks be expunged from the records.
this week saw the supreme court (sc) caught up in another controversy over the release of bharatiya janata party (bjp) worker, priyanka sharma, who shared a meme superimposing the face of west bengal chief minister, mamatabanerjee , on that of priyanka chopras met gala photograph.
sharma was arrested and sent to 14 days judicial custody for offences under sections 66a and 67a of the information technology (it) act and for defamation under section 500 of the indian penal code.
her brother moved the sc seeking her release, compensation for the illegal arrest, and for quashing the complaint against her.
he was forced to come to the sc, instead of approaching the calcutta high court, because lawyers in west bengal have been on strike since april.
i want to focus on the courts order directing sharmas immediate release on bail, although at the time of release, [she has to] tender an apology in writing for putting up/sharing the pictures complained of on her facebook account.
the sc, meanwhile, has kept the questions raised  presumably about the use of executive power to chill free speech and artistic expression  open.
this should have been a simple case, with the sc directing sharmas release.
however, the observations made by the sc and the emphasis in the order on the issuance of an apology were a mistake.
first, it never bodes well for constitutional courts when they seek to censor speech instead of protecting it, especially when that speech presents a counterpoint to the present ruling class.
after all, the right to free speech includes the right to speak out ones mind, not always with the best of tastes and with greater courage than care for exactitude (sheela barse vs.
union of india, 1988).
at the end of the day, we are talking about a satirised photo that is being used to poke fun at the chief minister even if it is in bad taste.
it should be either brushed off with a laugh, or viewed and ignored as political propaganda by the ruling party at the centre.
instead, when leaders, and courts, lose the ability to tolerate criticism, they come dangerously close to undermining constitutional and democratic values.
during the emergency, for instance, it was our elected leaders who chose to silence criticism by banning films such as kissa kursi ka and aandhi.
second, although the sc did not make sharmas release conditional on the grant of an apology, it still required her to submit a written apology at the time of release.
the threat of contempt arguably makes the tendering of an apology necessary, and constitutes compelled speech.
by linking the apology to the sharing (not even creating) a meme, the sc has effectively contributed to a chilling effect on free speech and pre-censorship and discouraged artistic expression and satire, both of which are necessary in a healthy democracy.
when courts display an inclination to readily exercise these suo motu powers to regulate speech that may be considered hostile towards the political class, they engage in viewpoint or content-based discrimination.
this is a far cry from their role as protectors of rights, and is also outside the bounds of article 19(2) of the constitution.
third, the scs reported observations that the object of the meme was a leader of a contesting political party and had she been a common citizen there would have been no problem is contrary to indian and global jurisprudence.
it is well settled that a person who undertakes to fill a public office, elects to be in the public gaze, offers herself to public attack and criticism.
the sc in the r rajagopal vs state of tn (1995) case cited the celebrated us supreme court decision of new york times v sullivan to hold in the context of civil defamation that persons in public life should be prohibited from filing a claim for defamatory falsehood relating to their official conduct, unless they can prove that the statement was made with actual malice.
finally, the sc should have made judicial observations on the continued invocation of section 66a of the it act, which criminalised offensive speech, despite the fact that it was struck down by the sc in shreya singhal in 2015.
in fact, even the invocation of the offence of defamation under section 500, ipc is suspect, since there was no person aggrieved by the sharing of the meme.
it is heartening that on tuesday, while rehearing the petition due to the delay in releasing sharma, the court reportedly termed her arrest prima facie arbitrary.
.
one can only hope that when it takes up the matter in july, the sc will strongly endorse the freedom of speech and artistic expression.
notions of morality and humour are inherently subjective and state power should not be used to set in motion the criminal process against political satire, criticism, or humour.
political parties across the spectrum have only been too happy to use criminal law (whether sedition, defamation, or section 66a, it act) to suppress criticism, and encourage self-censorship.
unless the judiciary sends a strong message criticising such actions, sharmas case will not remain an isolated incident.
prime minister narendra modi on thursday claimed that the west bengal police, in connivance with the state government, was trying to wipe out evidence of the desecration of ishwar chandra vidyasagars statue.
addressing a rally here, modi said chief minister mamatabanerjee , frustrated over her imminent defeat, has threatened to put him behind bars after the general elections.
tmc goons are spreading violence, and they vandalised the statue of vidyasagar.
the way the state government erased proof of the narada and sarada scams, in the same manner, it is trying to remove evidence in this incident, he said.
those involved in the act of vandalising the statue should be given exemplary punishment, the pm insisted.
police officers are trying to wipe out the evidence of the incident in order to save the tmc goons, modi alleged.
the tmc and their goons have made bengal a hell.
those involved in this act, in this sin should be given strong punishment, he said.
kolkata witnessed widespread violence on tuesday at bjp president amit shahs massive road show in the city.
a bust of 19th century bengali reformer and polymath ishwar chandra vidyasagar was desecrated during clashes.
didi has lost her cool in the face of imminent defeat and has become frustrated, and is now threatening to put me behind bars, modi said.
taking a dig at banerjees nephew, abhishek, the prime minister said the aunt-nephew jodi is only interested in looting bengal and running the tolabaji syndicate (extortion racket).
the days of the bua-bhatija (aunt-nephew) government in the state are numbered going by the mood of the people, modi said, adding, the bjp will win the majority of the 42 lok sabha seats in the state and over 300 seats in the country.
abhishek mamatabanerjee , who is considered the number two in the tmc, is seeking re-election from the diamond harbour lok sabha seat.
democracy has been maligned by violence in bengal.
the tmc has problem with durga puja, saraswati puja and even chanting jai shree ram is a crime in bengal, the pm said.
it is the bjp which is fighting to restore democracy in bengal, modi asserted and claimed that the chief minister had even threatened to capture its party offices in the state, he said.
you and your party are now known for grabbing land.
because of this, people have lost confidence in you and have made up their mind to defeat you, modi said.
dubbing mamatabanerjee as sticker didi, modi said she is not interested in the development of bengal, but keen on putting her own stickers on central projects.
he said the tmc supremo does not have faith in the countrys prime minister, but she doesnt hesitate from praising the prime minister of pakistan.
in an apparent reference to the recent arrest of bjp youth wing activist priyanka sharma, who walked out of jail on wednesday after being arrested for posting a morphed picture of mamatabanerjee on facebook, modi said she puts saffron party workers behind bars, but lets tmc goons out in the open to torture the masses.
banerjee claimed eight of the 10 people killed in west bengal belonged to her party trinamool congress while two were from the bjp.
yesterday the governor said 12 people have died in bengal in post-poll violence.
he made a political statement while talking to the national media.
in reality 10 people have been killed so far.
every death is unfortunate.
i will ask the chief secretary to provide assistance from the disaster management fund to the families of all the 10 deceased, she said.
post-poll violence has been reported from various places of west bengal after bjp made stunning inroads in the state by winning 18 of the 42 lok sabha seats, just four less than the trinamool.
all the killings are being probed.
on monday, bjp leader mukul roy had claimed seven bjp workers have been killed in post-poll violence while three more are missing and feared dead.
(this story has been published from a wire agency feed without modifications to the text.
only the headline has been changed.
indiaupdated: sep 06, 2019 19:13 iston a day when people across the country are excited to witness ambitious chandrayaan-2s soft-landing on the lunar surface, chief minister mamatabanerjee on friday attacked the government saying that the missions launch is an attempt to divert attention from economic disaster.
as if the chandrayaan launch is the first in the country.
as if before they came to power, no such missions were taken up.
it is an attempt to divert attention from economic disaster, she said in the state assembly.
once vikram module of chandrayaan 2 makes a soft landing on the moon on early saturday, india will become the fourth country after the us, russia, and china to achieve the feat.
after revolving around the earths orbit for nearly 23 days, the craft began its journey to the moon on august 14.
the mission took off from the satish dhawan space centre in sriharikota on july 22.
quoting former prime minister manmohan singh, the chief minister said that the government should concentrate more on the economy than on political vendetta.
watch| chandrayaan 2 about to create history: the journey so faraccording to government data released recently, the gdp slump to a six-year low of 5 per cent in the april-june quarter.
chidambaram is being sent to tihar jail.
what is going on?
i am shocked why opposition parties are not uniting against such atrocities.
all are sitting silent.
we dont know whether chidambaram is an accused or not but how can we forget he was our finance and home minister.
law will take its own course but why chidambaram will be kept inside tihar jail like normal custody?
she said.
on thursday, former finance minister p chidambaram was sent to judicial custody till september 19 in tihar jail by a special cbi court in the inx media case.
mamata said that there is no alternative to a movement.
come together keeping our differences aside and lets start a movement against such atrocities, she added.
the chief minister claimed that names of genuine indians were excluded from the final list of the national register of citizens (nrc), which aims to segregate indian citizens living in assam from those who had illegally entered the state from bangladesh.
all pillars of democracy- media, judiciary- all being run by central advisories.
names of genuine indians have been excluded from nrc list, she said.
nearly 19 lakh people were excluded from the final nrc list.
however, those excluded can still apply to the designated foreigners tribunals within 120 days for their cases to be heard.
mamata said that she spoke to bihar chief minister nitish kumar about nrc.
he (nitish) also said that he wont allow national register of citizens (nrc), she said.
the west bengal chief minister also said that she is against the manner, in which article 370 which gave special status to jammu and kashmir was scrapped.
people take a dig at indira gandhi for the emergency.
but i dont know what to term the present situation?
is this an emergency or fascism?
i am not against the abrogation of article 370.
i am against the process and there should have been an all-party meeting before the decision, she said.
(the story has been published from a wire feed without any modifications to the text, only the headline has been changed.
kazi nazrul islam, the latest icon that the rashtriya swayamsevak sangh (rss) is highlighting as a model of an ideal indian muslim, was ironically one of the earliest faces of the communist movement in the country.
the communist ideology is seen as the sanghs biggest opponent.
islam (1889-1976) translated the internationale, the communist anthem worldwide.
he preached communism through his poems and the some of the titles, samyabadi (communist), sarbahara (proletariat) and bidrohi (rebel), left no room for doubt.
in 1926, he became a founder-member of the workers and peasants party of bengal, one of the earliest left outfits in india.
during the early 1920s he shared a room in kolkatas taltola lane with muzaffar ahmed (1889-1973), one of the founders of the communist party of india.
ahmed was also the first to whom islam recited bidrohi, his most famous poem, which he wrote during this time.
they were joint editors of a daily, nabajug (new age), and worked together for two other publications, langol (plough) and dhumketu (comet), edited by the poet.
but rss, the bharatiya janata partys (bjps) ideological fount, insists there is more to islam.
nazrul islam had definite leanings towards communist ideology but that does not negate his nationalism, jisnu basu, rsss south bengal general secretary, told ht on friday.
he represents the true nationalist, the real hindu, as hinduism is not merely a religion but actually a way of life, basu added.
between may and october, swayamsevaks (volunteers) at the rss daily sakhas (daily meetings) will sing three songs islam composed.
these are: hey parthasarathi, bajao panchajanya shankha (devoted to lord krishna), tomar hate rakhi khani bandho amar dokhin haate (celebrating raksha bandhan) and o maa donuj-dalani mahashakti namoh (praising devi durga).
rss will also get select works of islam translated into hindi to circulate them across the country.
read: rss to eulogise bangladeshs national poet kazi nazrul islam as good hindua staunch atheist, islam turned spiritual during his later days.
he composed several islamic songs, and bhajans, love songs and devotional songs addressed to hindu gods and goddesses.
fiery language marked his compositions.
due to his nationalist activities, the british imprisoned him several times.
after independence, he focused on composing music.
both cpi(m) and trinamool congress have mocked the rss move to highlight islam, who is bangladeshs national poet.
the sangh parivars main icons, shyama prasad mookerjee and deen dayal upadhyaya, have no appeal in bengal, therefore, they are trying to look for icons with whom bengalis can connect, said cpi(m) politburo member and lok sabha mp md salim.
i think their enthusiasm with islam is born out of incomplete reading of his works.
once they read him in totality, they will drop him like a hot potato.
trinamool congress lok sabha mp sougata roy said, its heartening to hear they are planning to highlight nazrul islam.
they should.
the more nazrul islam is read, the more people will unite to defeat rsss divisive politics.
for decades, the left has celebrated islams birthday in neighbourhoods across bengal.
trinamool founder and chief minister mamatabanerjee , too, is fond of quoting him to counter the sangh.
rss, however, has a different view.
according to biplab roy, spokesperson for rss south bengal chapter, the left and the trinamool only highlight those parts of islams writings which make hindus feel inferior.
they have been highlighting only a part of islams life, whereas well highlight him as a whole  a true hindu and nationalist representing bharatiyatva (indian-ness).
he represents an ideal indian muslim, roy said.
born at churulia village in bengals burdwan district, islam served as a muezzin as a youngster.
during world war i, he served in the british army abroad.
however, in the early 1920s, when he focused on journalism, he got deeply involved in anti-british activities and turned towards the left.
by his own admission, islam wrote to express the dominant feelings of his time and did not seek immortality.
she was tipped to be a kingmaker in 2019 by her party leaders, but on thursday, west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee faced her first major setback since she rode to power in the state eight years ago.
the bharatiya janata party (bjp) dented her key bastions, gobbled up a mammoth chunk of the left vote, and pitted itself as the key challenger to the states ruling trinamool congress (tmc) in the next assembly polls due in 2021.
but even at a depleted strength, banerjees party is set to be the fourth-largest in the new lok sabha  after the bjp, the congress and the dravida munnetra kazhagam  and continues to have clout since the congress (52 seats) failed again to emerge as an undisputed leader of the opposition camp.
banerjee took a guarded stand and quickly called for introspection as the trend became clear.
congratulations to the winners.
but all losers are not losers.
we have to do a complete review and then we will share our views with you all, she tweeted.
her politics, however, may change forever.
till date, her prime adversary was the communist party of india (marxist)-led left.
banerjee shaped her politics as left of the left, taking an extreme stand against reforms measures such as the land bill, foreign direct investment, and even the now-aborted privatisation bid of air india.
in her initial days as an administrator, she was opposed to bus fare and power tariff hikes, while she built her image around the principle that her government would not acquire land for big industries.
also read: congs star candidates lose big, saffron alliance sweeps mumbaishe opposed several major policy decisions by the bjp.
she criticised the demonetisation of high-value banknotes and questioned the indian air forces february strike targeting a terror camp in pakistans balakot.
emerging as a fierce modi critic, she even refused to accept the centres popular ayushman bharat health insurance scheme and rolled out her own version.
yet, the trinamools dream of emerging as a key player in 2019 fizzled out within the first few hours of counting.
the trinamool managed to increase its vote share from 39.
79  in 2014 to 43.
3  in 2019.
the bjp, on the other hand, jumped to 40.
2  from 17.
02  in the 2014 elections, making it a two-way battle between the two parties in bengal  an unthinkable situation even five years ago when the left commanded around 30  of the popular vote.
with a large chunk of the left vote rapidly shifting outside the leftist sphere, the tmc now faces a clear challenger: the bjp.
the left and the congress appear to have been reduced to footnotes in the states political chapter.
the opposition votes have consolidated in favour of the bjp.
in west bengal, political protection is required to survive.
people who didnt get protection from the trinamool, sought it from the bjp.
with the left and the congress being weak forces, the bjp emerged as the preferred choice for these voters, said economist abhirup sarkar.
but mamatabanerjee is not a stranger to ups and downs.
from being the lone trinamool parliamentarian in 2004, she won 19 seats and got the railway ministry in 2009, when the first signs of discontent against the left became visible.
but this time the trinamools trouble is deeper.
the 2019 results show that the ruling party has alienated a substantial share of the bengali middle-class even as the bjp is fast consolidating hindu voters.
debashish dasgupta, a kolkata-based political analyst, said: mamatas appeasement for muslims has not been taken kindly by many.
she had boasted of completing 99  of work for muslims, but the reality is that even many muslims have junked her claims.
also read: the prashant kishor factor in jagan reddys andhra pradesh winin one of his poll speeches, bjp chief amit shah alleged that banerjees government allocated ~4,000 crore for madrasa education even as the entire higher education budget was lower than that.
when social media was discussing last february that saraswati puja could not be performed in some schools, the bjp tried to reap benefits.
at another rally in bengal last month, shah said, mamatabanerjee didi has made urdu compulsory in an islampur school.
our workers who tried to oppose were brutally murdered.
while the appeasement issue was a part of the political discourse, extortion by miscreants allegedly backed by the trinamool emerged as a real problem for many.
if you want to buy a property, open a shop or even renovate your house, you have to pay the trinamool tax to local party leaders, said dasgupta.
the problem grew to such an extent that a local bengali daily once reported that bangladesh prime minister sheikh hasina had to complain to mamatabanerjee about how one of her friends was being harassed in the posh salt lake locality near kolkata for not paying money to a local trinamool councillor.
the alarm bells have been sounded.
banerjee, a veteran of many wars, has two years to address the new challenges.
else, the bjp for the first time can seriously dream of ascending the bengal throne in 2021.
patients in ranchi, jamshedpur and dhanbad had a harrowing time on friday after junior doctors in the three government-run medical colleges and hospitals boycotted opd services in a show of solidarity with the protesting doctors in west bengal.
junior doctors across west bengal are on strike since june 10, protesting against an alleged assault on a medical intern by relatives of an 87-year-old patient who died in kolkatas nrs hospital premises.
junior doctors boycotted opd duties at rajendra institute of medical science (rims), mahatma gandhi memorial medical college hospital (mgmmch) and patliputra medical college hospital (pmch) and demanded that west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee take action against the culprits immediately.
however, senior doctors across the state attended to patients, wearing black badges.
the massive impact of junior doctors boycotting their duties was felt at rims ranchi where long queues of patients were seen at all opds.
patients particularly had a difficult time at medicine, surgery, skin, eye and orthopaedic opds.
some of the patients were seen returning from opds due to the seemingly unending queues.
govind mahato, a patient from powarganj in lohardaga town, about 70 kms from ranchi, visited rims but returned due to the commotion in the hospital.
i had no information about the sudden strike of doctors.
i came here for the medical examination of my ailing grandson but had to return without treatment, said mahato.
malti murmu (45), a resident of namkum in ranchi, failed to consult a doctor despite waiting till noon at the gynaecology opd.
the hospital should not have registered my name in the morning if the doctors were on strike.
after being registered, i thought the doctor would check patients in the opd, but they wasted my time and money, she said.
before beginning their boycott, junior doctors at rims staged a street play on the role of doctors in providing health services in the campus and sought cooperation from all teachers for their opd boycott.
junior doctors also wore helmets and staged a sit-in protest in front of rims director dr dk singhs chamber.
we strongly condemn the attitude of bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjee.
we would be compelled to intensify our agitation if all the culprits are not arrested soon, said dr ajit prasad, jda president.
junior doctors at the ranchi institute of neuro-psychiatry and allied science (rinpas) in kanke also boycotted opd services in solidarity with the jda.
opd did not function after 10.
30 am at pmch dhanbad due to the boycott call by junior doctors.
at mgmmch, opd did not function after 11 am.
ima jamshedpur secretary dr mritunjay kumar singh said many doctors in private nursing homes also skipped their opd duties in solidarity with protesting junior doctors.
patients at bokaro general hospital (bgh) had also returned unattended from opd as junior doctors boycotted services.
in the evening, the jharkhand chapter of indian medical association (ima), jharkhand health service association (jhsa) and jda took out a protest march from rims.
it is unfortunate that doctors who serve patients day and night were thrashed and the government did not act properly against culprits, said dr pradeep kumar singh, ima secretary.
the bengal unit of the bjp on wednesday removed juhi chowdhury from the position of a state secretary of its mahila morcha following her arrest in a child trafficking case.
her father rabindranath chowdhury was also removed from his position in the state committee, both for an indefinite period.
we have a legal cell that will try to obtain bail for her.
let the law take its course.
if she is found guilty, she should be punished.
we are not saying right now that she is innocent, bjp bengal president dilip ghosh told the media earlier wednesday morning.
chowdhurys arrest could have political implications as investigators may go after other bjp leaders after quizzing her.
the head of the ngo bimala sishu griho, chandana chakravarty, who was arrested on february 18 reportedly told the cid that chowdhury took her to delhi to discuss the matter (trafficking) and she has spoken to bjp leaders such as kailash vijayvargiya (national general secretary) and rupa ganguly (rajya sabha mp).
both vijayvargiya and ganguly have told the media that it is a conspiracy to tarnish the image of the party leaders.
cid officers are now trying to find out who are the influential people that juhi chowdhury contacted when she was on the run for about 10 days before her arrest tuesday night.
the developments come against the backdrop of worsening relations between bjp and trinamool congress with chief minister mamatabanerjee publicly alleging that the cbi has been used by the centre to arrest tmc mps sudip bandyopadhyay and tapas paul in connection with the rose valley chit fund scam.
she also indicated that her administration can also get even with bjp leaders.
chowdhury is the fourth person to be arrested so far in connection with the trafficking case.
bimala sishu griho head chandana chakraborty, its employee sohini mondal and her brother manas bhowmik were arrested earlier in february.
chowdhury will be produced in jalpaiguri court on wednesday.
all the four have been accused of selling at least 17 children, aged between one and 14 years at high prices over the past few months under the garb of helping couples adopt children.
we went to juhi chowdhury ask for help (in matters of the trafficking), chandana chakravarty told the media on tuesdayincidentally, firs have already been registered with police stations in bengal against union minister babul supriyo, kailash vijayvargiya and dilip ghosh.
chowdhury is the third bjp leader to be arrested in bengal in recent times on criminal charges.
earlier, a salt lake-based doctor dilip ghosh was arrested for his involvement in the child trafficking case that was busted also by cid in south bengal last year.
this year bjp state vice president jay prakash majumdar was arrested for taking money from a few candidates promising them job of teachers.
chowdhury was arrested from kharibari area in darjeeling district near the indo-nepal border.
(add bjp reaction)we have a legal cell that will try to obtain bail for her.
let the law take its course.
if she is found guilty, she should be punished.
we are not saying right now that she is innocent, bjp bengal president dilip ghosh told the media on wednesday before midday.
incidentally, chowdhury is the third bjp leader to be arrested in bengal in recent times on criminal charges.
earlier, a salt lake-based doctor dilip ghosh was arrested for his involvement in the child trafficking case that was busted also by cid in south bengal last year.
this year state vice president jay prakash majumdar was arrested for taking money from a few candidates promising them job of teachers.
less than six months after supreme court upheld chief ministers mamatabanerjee banerjees contention that the singur nano factory land must be returned to the farmers, her education department mandarins have etched the names and achievements of a number of trinamool leaders and supporters throughout the length of a full chapter in history text books of class viii.
distribution of the book began on monday.
as many as six pages of the 10-page insert entitled jami jal jangal: jiban jibikar adhikar o ganaandolan (land, water, forests: the right to life and livelihood and mass movements) have been devoted to mamatabanerjee banerjees singur movement.
read: farming to factory and back: rust turns green in singur nano plantthe chief ministers pictures adorn five of the six pages.
the book covers the entire period from 2006 when the resistance began to october 2016 when the chief minister sowed mustard seeds in singur to launch the resumption of farming.
while the first four pages briefly mention the movements of tebhaga, telangana, chipco, appiko, silent valley and naramada bachao andolan, the last six pages are dedicated to singur movement, and especially the role of mamatabanerjee banerjee.
picture of singur residents touring the villages after the supreme court verdict on august 31, 2016.
mamata mamatabanerjee attained the stature of a demigod last year when the apex court upheld her contention that the land must be returned to the singur farmers.
(ht photo)the movement has been written about in glowing terms, and the names of all her prominent aides who were seen participating in the agitations have been named in the text book that is published by the education department.
the trinamool leaders mentioned in the book are mukul roy, subrata bakshi, partha chatterjee, sovan chatterjee, firhad hakim and sovandeb chatterjee.
even minor leaders such as becharam manna, rabindranath bhattacharya and tapan dasgupta, all of whom later became ministers, have been given a pride of place.
read: mamatabanerjee burns midnight oil to write book on singurit was mamatabanerjee , who started the singur movement by sowing paddy seeds, reads the book.
two participants in the movement, however, strongly objected to this claim.
this amounts to twisting the facts.
it began as a spontaneous resistance movement by the local farmers, which the trinamool congress joined after some time.
the krishji jami raksha committee (kjrc) was formed on june 4, whereas mamatabanerjee sowed paddy on july 18, said sajal adhikary, a state committee member of cpi(ml)(liberation) who spent months in singur in 2006.
adhikary has an mphil degree in history and teaches the subject in a government-aided higher secondary school in hooghly district.
mamata mamatabanerjee at an agitation programme in singur in 2008.
(ht photo)the narrative, however, omits almost every participant in the movement who later turned a critic of the mamatabanerjee government.
while the role of prominent intellectuals has been briefly mentioned, there merely are passing references of rights organisations and members of the student community who played a pivotal role.
the singur movement was led by (kjrc), in which leaders belonging to outfits other than trinamool congress, too, held significant positions.
socialist unity centre of india (suci), cpi(ml)(liberation), paschimbanga khet majoor samiti and association for protection of democratic rights (apdr) played crucial roles in mobilising the farmers at ground level.
but the text book is silent on their roles, said suci leader santosh bhattacharya, who virtually relocated himself in singur for nearly six months in 2006-2007 to participate in the movement.
civil society members such as kabir suman, pratul mukherjee (singers), abhi dutta majumdar (scientist), joy goswami (poet), aparna sen (film personality), jogen chowdhury, subhaprasanna (painters), mahasweta devi (writer), amlan dutta (educationist), shaoli mitra, bratya basu, arpita ghosh (theatre personalities) were also named.
read: never abandon the battlefield: mamatabanerjee banerjees singur takeawayprominent human rights activist sujato bhadra, who teaches history in a college, has also been named.
this is no way to chronicle history.
this is a subjective narrative of the ruling party.
they are simply to glorify some of their leaders, bhadra told ht.
a glance through the pages 158 to 168 reveals that the movement/agitation in tebhaga, telangana and kakdwip have been mentioned to avoid questions almost as an afterthought.
im at loss of words with the governments unscientific approach towards history.
critical analysis of contemporary movements can be part of higher studies but glorifying leaders of the ruling party in history text books for school children is unprecedented.
adolf hitler ordered his inclusion in school text books, said samik lahiri, former mp and member of cpi(m) state committee.
on february 13, education minister partha chatterjee told reporters, its a historic win for the farmers.
along with the singur movement, the tebhaga movement and krishak andolan will also feature in the syllabus and students must know that this movement is one of the milestones in the countrys history.
bjp national president amit shah monday dared west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee to arrest him for chanting jai shri ram, claiming that the tmc supremo can stop him from attending rallies in bengal, but wont be able to stop bjps victory march in the state.
addressing a rally at canning, which comes under joynagar lok sabha constituency, he said, mamatadi gets angry if someone chants jai shri ram.
i am chanting jai shri ram here today.
if you (mamata) have the guts, arrest me.
i will be in kolkata tomorrow.
hitting out at the tmc government over denial of permission for his chopper to land in baruipur, shah said, the mamatabanerjee government is visibly perplexed.
she wants to stop me from attending rallies.
the tmc can stop me from addressing rallies, but cant stop the victory march of bjp in bengal.
also read| mamatabanerjee banerjees dictatorship in bengal, says bjp as permission denied to amit shahs rallyshahs scheduled rally in jadavpur lok sabha seat was called off on monday after the state government denied him permission to land his chopper and hold a public address at baruipur.
also read| democracy a casualty in bengal: arun jaitley attacks mamatabanerjee over poll violence(this story has been published from a wire agency feed without modifications to the text.
known for his flowing burgundy beard, kolkatas noor-ur-rehman barkati has also built up quite a reputation for his acerbic tongue.
the head of the famous tipu sultan mosque at the heart of the citys business district is in the habit of issuing fatwas or religious rulings at regular intervals and hogging the headlines.
he did it again last week, issuing an edict against none other than prime minister narendra modi over his demonetisation drive.
claiming that many have been forced into penury in the wake of the scrapping of high-value currency, barkati announced a cash reward of rs 25 lakhs for anyone who blackens modis face.
his latest diktat outraged many and the bjp lodged a complaint with the police, seeking his immediate arrest.
but barkati is unfazed and continues to roil others with his fatwas.
his place cemented as bengals fatwa man, he is continuing to stand his ground.
i stand by my fatwa against modi .
.
.
he is also responsible for the death of the 127 (so far) who died queuing up in front of banks and atms after demonetisation, barkati told hindustan times.
read | demonetisation a modi-made disaster, more than 100 people have died: rahulhe even claimed to have received hundreds of congratulatory phone calls and messages from different cities after his latest fatwa.
before targeting modi, he had directed his ire at dilip gosh, the west bengal bjp president for his alleged disparaging comments against chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjee.
he (ghosh) should be pelted with pebbles and kicked out of bengal, said the imam, who has headed the tipu sultan mosque for three decades.
others in his line of fire included author salman rushdie, bangladesh-born writer tasleema nasreen and canadian columnist tarek fatheh.
nasreen, in fact, had no less than three fatwas issued against her by barkati: once in 2004 for her reported anti-islamic comments, then in 2006 and again in 2007.
each time he issued a fatwa, barkati hiked the bounty on her head.
successive governments in west bengal, with a muslim population of about 30 , have chosen to ignore his seemingly incendiary acts.
during the left front rule, he used a car with a red beacon.
since mamatabanerjee stormed to power, barkati has graced the stage at rallies of the trinamool congress.
read | kolkata emerging as a centre of protest against uniform civil codehis proximity to the ruling party has prompted the bjp to accuse mamatabanerjee of muslim appeasement.
he is a stooge of the chief minister.
she is using him for promoting her policy of appeasement.
she will bend every law in the book to protect him, said bjp national secretary sidharth nath singh.
even some muslims are aghast at barkatis brazenness.
those who are issuing fatwa on political issues are abusing their positions, said kazi masoom akhtar, a kolkata-based schoolteacher.
but barkati insists his bluster is for the good.
i am fighting for preserving the secular character of our society and will continue to do so.
will i keep quiet when so many innocent people are under attack in the country?
he asked.
what is the source of his courage in taking on the high and mighty?
for the record, barkati says it is the almighty who gives him protection.
but the fact is kolkata police provide him with round-the-clock security.
when i walk on the roads, four policemen protect me.
my fatwas are true and i dont care, barkati said.
indiaupdated: aug 06, 2019 18:43 istcausing a major embarrassment for the ruling trinamool congress (tmc), hooghly district police on tuesday arrested the officer-in-charge of the district intelligence branch in a case related to cut-money posters put up against serampore mp kalyan mamatabanerjee , a close associate of chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjee.
the arrested officer of sub-inspector rank, samir sarkar, claimed that he worked tirelessly to ensure the mps victory during the recent lok sabha polls and alleged being framed by the three-time mp.
banerjee is also the tmcs deputy leader in the lok sabha.
during the elections, sarkar served as the officer-in-charge of jangipara police station which is in banerjees constituency.
ask kalyan mamatabanerjee why i have been framed.
i worked hard for him during the elections.
perhaps this is how he wanted to reward me, sarkar told reporters while he was being taken to court.
banerjee refused to comment.
it would be improper to comment on an issue that is being investigated, he said.
the posters, put up on the night of july 29, accused mamatabanerjee of accepting cut money, or commission, from beneficiaries of state governments welfare schemes and also carried some invectives.
the posters were noticed in many parts of serampore and seoraphuli towns.
no serving police officer in bengal has faced action on a charge like this in recent history.
sarkar was booked under sections 504 (intentional insult with intent to provoke breach of the peace), 505 (statements conducing to public mischief), 419 (cheating by personation) and 120 b (criminal conspiracy) of the indian penal code.
of these, 505 is a non-bailable section.
the police earlier arrested the driver of the officers personal vehicle and another man who ran errands for him.
sarkar was detained on saturday for interrogation and had not been allowed to leave till monday evening.
the officer is being interrogated, said chandannagar commissioner of police humayun kabir on sunday but refused to comment on monday.
following a police complaint, scrutiny of security camera footage revealed that the posters were put up by two men moving in an suv carrying a police sticker on the windshield.
the vehicle was tracked down and its driver, amiya khamrui, arrested on july 31.
the vehicle was being used by sarkar on a regular basis.
sarkar was issued a show-cause notice and asked to reply by august 2.
since he did not respond, the authorities asked him to appear before them on saturday.
when he did not turn up, police detained him.
an officer who was part of the investigation but did not want to be identified, claimed that sarkars driver had confessed to have put up the posters and had revealed that sarkar and his errand man, mohammad mostafa, were inside the suv when it was being used for putting up posters.
sarkar contested this and urged the police to trace the location of his mobile phone on the night of july 29.
in july, chief minister mamatabanerjee mentioned the term cut money at a party programme and instructed tmc functionaries to refund commissions taken from people.
soon, posters, demanding return of cut-money, appeared against tmc leaders across the state.
in most cases, the ruling party blamed bjp of raising baseless allegations.
the incident has evidently unnerved tmc.
they have realized that bjp is not the only opponent they are fighting.
people of bengal have become its opponent, said bjps state committee member bhaskar bhattacharya.
p chidambaram, arrested after a dramatic chain of events, was produced in a special cbi court on thursday.
the court sent chidambaram in inx media case to cbi custody till monday.
after being granted to speak, p chidambaram asked the court to look at the questions and answers as he has not left a single question unanswered.
please look at the questions and answers, there are no questions which i have not answered, please read the transcript.
they asked, if i have bank account abroad, i said no, they asked if my son has an account abroad i said yes, p chidambaram told court.
chidambarams lawyer kapil sibal said in court that he has never skipped interrogation.
investigation complete as draft chargesheet is ready.
sanction was sought.
foreign investment promotion board approval is given by 6 government secretaries,none have been arrested.
this is a case of documentary evidence.
he (chidambaram) has never skipped interrogation, sibal said in court.
solicitor general tushar mehta arguing for cbi in court said right to silence is constitutional right and i have no issue, but he is non cooperative, he was evasive to questioning, news agency ani reported.
earlier in the day, congress addressed the media and condemned chidambarams arrest by the cbi.
congress spokesperson randeep surjewala said that the narendra modi government is using cbi and ed as revenge-seeking departments and are using this case to divert attention from other issues.
highlights:07:40 pm ist allegations against chidambaram serious: court allegations against chidambaram are serious in nature and in-depth investigation is required.
allegations of payment to chidambaram in 2007-08 and 2008-09 are specific and categorical, the court observed.
investigation needs to be brought to a logical end for which custodial interrogation is sometimes found useful and fruitful, the court added/6:39 pm ist p chidambaram to be in cbi custody till august 26 p chidambaram, arrested in inx media case, sent to cbi custody for 4 days.
the court said family members and lawyers are permitted to meet p chidambaram for 30 minutes a day, news agency ani.
6.
13 pm ist court to announce its order shortly.
the court will announce its order on cbis application seeking five-day remand of former finance minister p chidambaram in inx media case shortly.
6.
02 pm ist supreme court to hear chidambarams plea against ed on august 27 supreme court to hear p chidambarams petition against the enforcement directorate on august 27, whereas his petition against the cbi would be heard tomorrow, news agency ani.
5.
50 pm ist sibal and singhvi outside cbi court after hearing on chidambaram congress lawyers kapil sibal and abhishek manu singhvi stand outside cbi court after hearing on former finance minister p chidambarams bail in inx media case.
the cbi court has reserved its order on an application of cbi seeking 5-day remand of p chidambaram in the case and will be announcing it shortly.
congress lawyers kapil sibal and abhishek manu singhvi outside cbi court after hearing on former finance minister p chidambaram's bail in inx media case.
cbi court has reserved its order on an application of cbi seeking 5-day remand of p chidambaram in the case.
pic.
twitter.com/gtp67ade6u  ani (@ani) august 22, 20195.
40 pm ist classic case of money laundering: mehta earlier in his argument in court cbi alleged non-cooperation by chidambaram among reasons for seeking his remand.
in his argument for cbi in court, solicitor general (sg) tushar mehta said that while the right to silence was a constitutional right.
chidamabaram was non cooperative and evasive to questioning.
this is a classic case of money laundering, mehta told court.
5.
25 pm ist harish rawat comes inside courtroom to meet chidambaram former chief minister of uttarakhand harish rawat comes inside the courtroom to meet p chidambaram.
5.
06 pm ist court to announce order after half an hour.
the court will announce its order after half an hour.
5.
01 pm ist court reserves its order on cbis application seeking five-day remand of chidambaram cbi court reserves its order on an application of cbi seeking five day remand of former finance minister p chidambaram in inx media case.
5:00 pm ist have answered all the question, read the transcript p chidambaram speaks in court.
please look at the questions and answers, there are no questions which i have not answered, please read the transcript.
they asked, if i have bank account abroad, i said no, they asked if my son has an account abroad i said yes, p chidambaram tells court.
4.
59 pm ist we are not extorting confession but we have right to reach to the root: sg to court we are not extorting confession but we have right to reach to the root of the case, sg tell court.
it is a serious case involving intelligent people and we will fail in our duty if we dont get to the root of the case, sg.
4.
55 pm ist chidambarams son karti underwent custodial interrogation in the case: mehta to court tushar mehta says even chidambarams son karti underwent custodial interrogation in the case there is a reasonable ground for chidambarams custody as he was evasive in his replies, sg tells court.
police remand can only be in special circumstances and this is also a case where there is no new development, singhvi tells court.
4.
53 pm ist chidambaram has potential of not cooperating since he is highly intelligent: tushar mehta solicitor general tushar mehta said p chidambaram has tremendous potential of not cooperating in probe since he is highly intelligent.
he said even chidambarams son karti underwent custodial interrogation in the case, pti reported.
4.
49 pm ist chidambaram says he wants to speak in court, solicitor general opposes when p chidambaram said in court he wants to speak, solicitor general tushar mehta objected and said he is being represented here by two senior advocates.
abhishek manu singhvi said there is delhi hc judgement that allows the accused to make a representation on his behalf.
4.
46 pm ist only old questions being asked after arrest: singhvi tells court only old questions are being asked after arrest since last evening: singhvi to court police remand can only be in special circumstances and this is also a case where there is no new development, singhvi tells court.
4.
43 pm ist they called once, he went.
where is non cooperation?
: singhvi in court non cooperation is if probe agency calls me five times and i dont go, non cooperation is not giving the answer they like to hear.
they called p chidambaram once, and he went.
where is non cooperation?
senior advocate abhishek m singhvi asked in court.
4.
40 pm ist how can cbi seek remand on ground of evasive replies?
: singhvi to court singhvi opposes custodial interrogation of chidambaram saying no allegation of tampering of evidence made by cbi.
how can cbi seek remand on ground of evasive replies, that is not the law, abhishek m singhvi asks court.
4.
27 pm ist senior advocate abhishek m singhvi argues for kapil sibal senior advocate a m singhvi joins sibal to oppose cbi case against chidambaram cbis entire case is based on indrani mukherjeas evidence and a case diary, abhishek manu singhvi argues for kapil sibal.
4.
23 pm ist grant of bail is a rule, issue before court is of personal liberty: kapil sibal cbi cannot say chidambaram evasive in investigation.
grant of bail is a rule and the issue before court is of personal liberty.
what is stated in case diary is not the truth, kapil sibal tells court.
4.
19 pm ist sibal tells court chidambaram hasnt slept for last 24 hours kapil sibal told the court that p chidambaram has not slept for 24 hours.
chidambaram was arrested last night, was interrogated only at 11 am on thursday.
cbi could have written letter to him for producing documents alleged to be in his possession, pti quoted sibal as saying.
4.
12 pm ist arrested last night, but interrogated at 12 noon: sibal in court kapil sibal in court: last night cbi said that they wanted to interrogate chidambaram, they didnt start the interrogation till 12 noon and asked him only 12 questions.
by now they should know what questions to ask.
the questions had nothing to do with chidambaram.
4.
08 pm ist p chidambaram never skipped interrogation: kapil sibal p chidambarams lawyer kapil sibal said in court that he has never skipped interrogation.
investigation complete as draft chargesheet is ready.
sanction was sought.
foreign investment promotion board approval is given by 6 government secretaries,none have been arrested.
this is a case of documentary evidence.
he (chidambaram) has never skipped interrogation, ani quoted sibal as saying.
4:00 pm ist karti chidambaram, peter and indrani mukerjea also got bail: sibal kapil sibal arguing for p chidambaram in court said that the accused in this case is karti chidambaram who was granted regular bail by the delhi high court in march 2018, challenges in supreme court were not interfered with.
the other accused also got bail, while peter and indrani mukerjea on default bail, reported news agency ani.
3:55 pm ist classic case of money laundering: cbi solicitor general tushar mehta arguing for cbi in court said that this was a classic case of money laundering.
we are at the pre chargesheet stage, material with him (chidambaram), he remained non cooperative.
3:51 pm ist chidambaram evasive to questioning, cbi tells court former finance minister p chidambaram was evasive to questioning, cbi told the special court in delhi.
solicitor general tushar mehta arguing for cbi in curt said that right to silence is constitutional right and i have no issue, but he (chidambaram) is non cooperative and that he was evasive to questioning.
3:41 pm ist cbi seeks 5-day remand after three hours of questioning, cbi took senior congress leader p chidambaram to a special court where the agency sought five days custody of the former finance minister arrested in connection with the inx media case.
3:38 pm ist tight security inside court room amid tight security, former finance minister p chidambaram, stood in the accused box, in a packed courtroom.
3:33 pm ist cbi to seek 5-day remand the cbi is expected to seek five days custody of senior congress leader p chidambaram.
3:31 pm ist solicitor general tushar mehta reaches court ahead of hearing, solicitor general tushar mehta reached the special cbi court.
3:17 pm ist chidambaram reaches cbi court accused in the inx media case, former union minister p chidambaram, has been brought to a special cbi court in delhi.
ahead of the hearing in court, the senior congress leader was seen speaking to his lawyers kabil sibal and abhishek singhvi.
3:05 pm ist chidambaram on way to delhi court former union minister and finance minister p chidambaram, who was arrested last night in connection with the inx mediqa cse, is being taken to a special court in delhi.
the cbi may ask for at least 7-10 days custody of the senior congress leader, agency officials said.
2:40 pm ist if he is an offender, he will be punished: giriraj singh if he is an offender, he will be punished, said union minister giriraj singh as he accused accused senior congress leader p chidambaram of not adhering to law of the land.
democracy was murdered long ago during the emergency.
yesterday, the entire nation saw chidambaram going missing for over 25 hours.
if he claims to be a prominent personality then what was the need of absconding?
singh said while speaking to ani.
2:35 pm ist chidambarams wife nalini, son karti reach delhi court ahead of hearing, former union minister p chidambarams wife nalini and son karti,along with senior lawyers reached a delhi court.
the senior congress leader was arrested on thursday in connection with inx media case.
2:28 pm ist mamatabanerjee reacts to p chidambarams arrest.
mamata mamatabanerjee on thursday reacted to senior congress leader p chidambarams arrest in connection with the inx media case, sometimes the process is incorrect.
i am not talking about the legality.
chidambaram is a senior politician and former finance and home minister of this country, she said the way his matter has been handled is very depressing.
that is very sad and bad too, said mamatabanerjee banerjee.
we are missing democracy in our country, she added.
1: 25 pm ist congress trying to convert corruption into revolution: naqvi as congress leaders expressed solidarity with former union minister p chidambaram, who was on wednesday arrested by the cbi in connection with the inx media case, bjp leader mukhtar abbas naqvi slammed the party by saying, the leadership is trying to convert corruption into a revolution, as reported by news agency pti.
the congress is working with a negative mindset.
they have converted corruption into a revolution.
this is for the first time that corruption is becoming a revolution.
till now, revolution was against corruption, now revolution is being carried out in favour of corruption, minority affairs minister mukhtar abbas naqvi told pti.
12:57 pm ist i dont go to my fathers office: karti chidambaram at jantar mantar in new delhi, p chidambarams son addressed the and said that he never met peter mukherjea or indrani mukherjea, except the only time he met her was during the cbi interrogation in byculla jail.
he further said i dont go to my farthers (p.
chidambarams) office.
earlier he had said, i never met anyone in fipb (foreign investment promotion board), dont know the process of fipb.
this contradicts the statement that indrani mukerjea gave to the enforcement directorate.
in a statement recorded on february 17, 2018, indrani had reportedly claimed that karti had asked them (mukherjeas) for a bribe of $1 million when they met in delhis hyatt hotel.
this statement now forms a part of court documents.
12:20 pm ist all the right to appeal, its his legal right: kapil sibal congress leader kapil sibal on thursday expressed his concern over not being provided with an opportunity to be heard.
it is a matter of great concern to us as members of the legal fraternity, also it should be a matter of concern as citizens.
a citizen has all the right to appeal, its his legal right.
all we wanted was a hearing, the presiding judge chose instead to say that i am sending the file to cji.
isnt a citizen entitled to be heard?
sibbal told ani.
12:00 pm ist daylight murder of democracy: congress while addressing the media on thursday, congress spokesperson randeep surjewala termed the arrest of former union minister p chidambaram broad daylight murder of democracy.
surjewala claimed that the arrest was a result of vindictive politics by a desperate government and accused the ed and the cbi of pleasing their political masters.
11: 45 am ist deeply distressing: salman khurshid its deeply distressing that all that had to happen, there was no question of not being answerable to the law.
the matter is listed on friday, they could have waited till then to see what the supreme court wants to do, said congress leader salman khurshid on former union minister p chidambarams arrested by cbi.
11:25 am ist never met peter or indrani mukherjea, says karti chidambaram karti chidambaram on thursday said that his father p chidambarams arrest is a political vendetta.
he also denied any association with either peter mukherjea or his wife indrani mukherjea, whose statement to cbi led to chidambarams arrest.
i have never met peter mukherjea.
have never met indrani mukherjea, only time i met her was during the cbi interrogation in byculla jail.
never met anyone in fipb (foreign investment promotion board), dont know the process of fipb, he said.
11:05 am ist arrest based on statement of woman charged with murder of her own daughter: cong a seasoned politician has been arrested based on a statement of a woman charged with murder of her own daughter, said surjewala referring to indrani mukherjea.
10:50 am ist we now see depths to which desperate bjp govt 2.
0 will stoop: congress sinking economy, job losses, devaluation of rupee, we now see depths to which desperate bjp govt 2.
0 will stoop, said surjewala hitting out at the government as cbi arrested senior congress leader chidambarams in connection with the inx media case.
10:45 am ist false charges being heaped to silence everyone in country: congress congress national spokesperson randeep surjewala condemned the arrest of former union minister p chidambaram and said that false charges are being heaped up on senior political rivals to silence everyone in country.
.
10:40 am ist cbi now revenge-seeking dept of govt: congress those who gave the fipb clearance have not been arrested.
not a single official has been arrested.
they are roaming scot-free the narendra modi government is using cbi and ed as revenge-seeking departments.
they are using this case to divert attention from other issues, the congress spokesperson said.
10:33 am ist facts dont support claims: congress on chidambarams arrest former union minister p chidambarams arrest is nothing short of personal and political vendetta of the modi government, said congress spokesperson randeep surjewala in a media briefing.
their facts dont support claims, he further said.
10:28 am ist will fight trumped-up, vindictive act: karti chidambaram this is a totally vindictive and malicious act done by a pliant agency.
this is only done to settle political scores.
there is absolutely no necessity to have done this.
it has been done only to create a spectacle on television and to tarnish the image of the congress party, and to tarnish the image of the former finance and home minister, karti chidambaram told ani.
he said that the this is a completely trumped-up case in which he has absolutely no connection whatsoever and that it is being done only for political reasons.
10:12 am ist chidambaram spends night at cbi office he inaugurated in 2011 senior congress leader p chidambaram, who served as union home minister during november 2008 to july 2012 in the upa government, was one of the key guests at the inauguration event of cbi headquarters, held on june 30, 2011, in the presence of then prime minister manmohan singh.
chidambaram, one of the key ministers during ten years of upa regime, was taken to headquarters of the probe agency after cbi officials scaled the boundary walls of his residence in jor bagh on wednesday night to arrest him in inx media case.
10:13 am ist will protest at jantar mantar: karti former union minister p chidambarams son karti arrived in delhi this morning.
he said that he will go to jantar mantar to join dmk in protesting against abrogation of article 370.
they are not merely targeting my father but also the congress party, he said on thursday.
10:10 am ist drama and spectacle to divert from real issues: karti chidambaram chidambarams son and sivaganga mp karti chidambaram soon addressed the media in chennai.
he said the whole episode was a bid to divert the attention of the people of india from serious issues and was carried out to satisfy voyeuristic pleasures of a few.
the drama and spectacle being enacted by the agencies is to simply sensationalise and satisfy the voyeuristic pleasure of some, karti told reporters in chennai.
10:05 am ist how indrani mukherjeas statement to cbi led to chidambarams arrest indrani mukherjea and her husband peter mukherjea, who owned inx media had claimed in their statement to the central bureau of investigation (cbi) and the enforcement directorate (ed) that when they met p chidambaram (then a finance minister) in his north block office in 2006, he asked them to meet his son - karti - and suggested that they help him in his business.
indrani mukherjeas statement is a key evidence against p chidambaram in the cbi and ed probes.
she had recorded in her statement on february 17, 2018, now part of court documents, that karti had asked them (mukherjeas) for a bribe of $1 million when they met at hyatt hotel in delhi.
9:55 am ist case made to silence my father: karti chidambaram the case is being made to silence my father, said karti chidambaram on reaching delhi.
i have been summoned 20 times and raided four times.
nobody has ever been raided as many times as me, but they still don't have a case, he said.
9:45 am ist was not hiding from law: p chidambaram former union minister p chidambaram on wednesday evening made a dramatic entry in the congresss to declare the he had not been hiding from the law and that he would walk with a clear conscience and head held high as the party threw its full support behind him.
i was aghast that i was accused of hiding from the law; on the contrary, i was seeking the protection of the law.
i was accused of running away from justice; on the contrary i was engaged in the pursuit of justice, the former finance minister, who had been missing since tuesday evening, said.
9:40 am ist cbi to produce chidambaram in special court former finance and home minister p chidambaram is expected to be produced in a special cbi court today.
the cbi could ask for at least 7-10 days custody, agency officials said.
9:24 am ist 90 mins of high drama from the congress hq on akbar road, to the cbi hq, to chidambarams house- p chidambarams arrest came at the end of around 90 minutes of sheer drama in lutyens delhi.
it started at 8.
15pm when the former minister made a surprise appearance at a press conference at congress hq to declare that he hadnt been hiding for the past 24 hours as many believed but seeking protection of the law.
chidambaram left the congress hq soon after making his statement and arrived at his residence with singhvi and sibal.
they drove inside and the gates were shut.
a cbi team arrived around 15 minutes later, but the gates werent opened for it.
the cbi officials scaled the wall and entered the house.
some cbi officials said the former minister was questioned in his house for some time and then arrested.
a team from the enforcement directorate (ed) arrived a little later.
around 100 policemen, who tried to keep the peace between small groups of congress and bharatiya janata party (bjp) protesters who were threatening to have a go at each other.
there were minor scuffles.
at around 9.
45pm, chidambaram was hustled out of his house, bundled into a car.
union information and broadcasting minister m venkaiah naidu said on tuesday the government has received several representations from the public on its notification banning the sale of cows and buffaloes for slaughter through animal markets and is examining them as the row over the issue escalated across the country.
in a notification announced last week, the government said cows and buffaloes cannot be sold for slaughter at animal markets across india, allowing only farmland owners to trade at animal markets.
the notification covered bulls, bullocks, cows, buffalos, steers, heifers and calves, as well as the camel trade.
naidu, however, refused to comment on whether the government will reconsider its notification.
the union minister added it is wrong to say that the government wants to restrict the food habit of the people.
the environment ministrys notification banning cow slaughter was in response to a supreme courts observation on the issue, he said.
west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee and the cpi(m), which rules kerala, spoke in a rare voice of unity between the two arch rivals against the narendra modi government.
kerala chief minister pinarayi vijayan urged his counterparts to raise their voice against the restrictions on cattle trade, saying the centres anti-federal, anti-democratic and anti-secular move is an attempt to usurp power from the state governments.
their comments came on a day the kerala high court asked the central government to respond to petitions challenging the ban, according to local media.
the focus on cows, considered sacred by hindus, and beef has increased since the bjp won power in 2014.
the rashtriya swayamsevak sangh, the partys ideological mentor, has long pushed for a nationwide ban on cattle slaughter and trade.
two people were killed by landslides in the darjeeling hills and several parts of jalpaiguri, alipurduar, cooch behar and malda districts in the plains were flooded on saturday following incessant rainfall in the entire north bengal region since friday.
one person drowned when a boat capsized in cooch behar.
the mahananda, jaldhaka, raidak and other rivers flooded their banks.
power supply in alipurduar, jalpaiguri and siliguri was disrupted.
railway tracks and highways were inundated.
the meteorological department said heavy rainfall would continue till tuesday.
the government said 60,000 people were affected till saturday.
a railway track in jalpaiguri district on saturday.
(bikram sashanker/ ht photo)with the bandh called by gorkha janmukti morcha and other pro-gorkhaland parties still continuing and internet services banned by the government, people in darjeeling, kalimpong and kurseong faced the worst.
nh 55, which connects siliguri to darjeeling, was closed after landslide damaged a portion of the highway at sepoydhura near kurseong.
man kumari rai was killed when boulders hit her house at aaloo bari while norbu tamang (78) died at gaddi khan on saturday morning.
it became virtually impossible for the administration to carry out rescue and relief operations in the hills.
joyoshi dasgupta, district magistrate of darjeeling said, we only have a small stock of tarpaulins.
relief department officers and staff are not being able to move because bandh supporters wont allow cars to ply and the departments own vehicles have run out of fuel.
read: in flood-hit bengal, elderly woman rescued after keeping self afloat entire nightimposed on june 19 to stop rumour mongering, the ban on internet services added to the woes of the hill people.
praful rao, president of save the hills, an ngo, said, without internet it has become impossible to check weather updates, warn communities, receive landslide reports or interact with other ngos and disaster management agencies.
in darjeeling and kalimpong hills, landslides usually occur during the end of monsoon.
this year, monsoon arrived in the first week of june and is likely to continue till the second week of september.
read: bengal flood: iaf chopper winches 9 marooned villagers in dramatic rescue operations guha thakurta, secretary of the dooars wing of the indian tea association said, most of the rivers are overflowing.
this will affect almost all tea gardens and workers colonies in jalpaiguri and alipurduar districts.
roads running through tea estates were inundated and some were badly damaged, he said.
kolkata escaped the direct fury of cyclone fani as it followed a path through west midnapore, hooghly and nadia districts and passed about 40km to the west of the west bengal capital.
cyclone fani, which crossed odisha coast close to puri between 8am and 10am with a maximum wind speed of around 175 kmph, caused huge damage in bhubaneswar, cuttack, puri, and khordha districts in the state.
it smashed through odisha, where eight people died, triggering rains in several towns and cities and leaving a trail of destruction in its path.
officials of the india meteorological department said cyclone fani has lost its severity as it moved towards bangladesh.
it will lose its cyclone status and turn into a deep depression as it enters bangladesh.
it has turned into a cyclonic storm rapidly losing severity.
it will start moving into bangladesh by 10am, sanjib bandyopadhyay, imd kolkatas deputy director, said on saturday morning.
also read | storm catastrophic but rescue teams are ready: expertsthere will be rains in a few districts of bengal, but there was no apprehension of any further damage in the state, said bandyopadhyay.
the met department official also said that since cyclone fani kept losing severity fast and wind speed was recorded around 50-55km per hour in kolkata instead of the 70-75km they expected on friday night.
kolkata airport resumed operations from 8am on saturday after remaining closed for 17 hours.
eastern railway, which suspended all local train services from sealdah station between friday midnight and 6am on saturday, resumed services from sealdah.
at important city crossings, some people were seen waiting for traffic.
in digha, some of the tourists who stayed back ignoring the instructions of the administration to leave, went to the beach to watch the sea.
on saturday morning, the sky was overcast in kolkata and adjoining districts with moderate winds.
the administration in west bengal said it prepared to meet any emergency by marshalling men and materials to launch relief operations.
also read | towns in darkness, deserted villages: fanis destructive trailin kolkata, about 45,000 people living in dilapidated buildings were evacuated and shifted to safe shelters.
these persons were accommodated in different school buildings of kolkata municipal corporation (kmc), said an official of kmc.
a few markets and two shopping malls were closed down on friday afternoon.
the civic authorities have also locked the gates of different parks in the city.
after south city mall, the authorities of gariahat mall in south kolkata also closed down on friday afternoon.
west midnapore district magistrate p mohan gandhi said on friday evening that 3,130 persons were evacuated.
in east midnapore district about 18,000 people were evacuated, said district magistrate partha ghosh.
till 8:30pm on friday, 339 houses were damaged in west midnapore district.
though there were indications that the cyclone might have damaged more houses and crops in the districts of west midnapore, east midnapore and hooghly on friday night, there was no official confirmation of it till 8am.
on friday, chief minister mamatabanerjee cancelled all her political programmes and parked herself in kharagpur, a town about 60km from odisha, and on the projected path of the cyclone to monitor the situation and coordinate relief efforts.
almost all election-related programmes of the bharatiya janata party, congress and the communist party of india (marxist) were also cancelled on friday.
cyclone fani is expected now to enter bangladesh, which has ordered the evacuation of 2.
1 million people before the storm arrives.
the neighbouring countrys junior disaster minister enamur rahman said 56 thousand volunteers were working to move millions out of the storms path.
met office spokesperson omar faruque said on friday the cyclone is likely to enter bangladesh through khulna coastlines and will take the entire night to cross the country, ravaging southwestern coastline districts.
bangladeshs disaster management minister enamur rahman said the government was fully prepared to face the cyclone.
army, navy, coastguards and other agencies are ready to be called out for disaster operation, he said in a news briefing.
the government has ordered all fishing boats and trawlers over north bay and deep sea to remain in shelter till further notice.
weather experts said the wrath of fani is likely to be lesser in bangladesh coasts as compared to that of odisha since the cyclone would lose its strength on its land routes, minimising risks of a high number of casualties.
however, it could damage standing crops and infrastructure on a vast landmass.
besides, heavy rains, along with strong winds, will continue throughout saturday in many parts of the country, they said.
while flight operations resumed at the kolkata airport at 9.
57 am, train services on the sealdah and howrah sections are also getting back to normal.
the kolkata port trust (kopt) also resumed its routine operation this morning at both haldia and kolkata docks.
the entire administration was awake the whole night.
banerjee had cancelled her election programmes and stayed put at kharagpur in west midnapore district to monitor the situation arising out of the cyclone.
there were not much damage in the state.
at least 850 mud houses in the districts were partially damaged while 12 were completely destroyed, she said.
banerjee said the state government will extend help to people whose houses have been damaged due to the cyclone.
trees uprooted in different parts of the state due to speedy wind have been removed and the roads cleared for plying of vehicles, the chief minister said.
restoration of electricity snapped in different districts is underway.
around 42,000 people have been evacuated by our people who took them to relief shelters.
the civic services have been restored in digha, mandarmoni, whereas it is work in progress at other places, she said.
the storm weakened on saturday morning and moved towards bangladesh.
kolkata witnessed wind speed of 30-40 kmph with moderate to heavy rainfall overnight.
the very severe cyclonic storm weakened into a severe cyclonic storm over the odisha coast, before moving further north-northeastwards and entering west bengal through kharagpur in west midnapore around 12.
30 am saturday, officials said.
it has moved to arambagh in hooghly and is now in nadia district from where it will go to murshidabad district before entering bangladesh.
it is likely to continue to move north-northeastwards and weaken further over the next six hours, deputy director general of the regional meteorological centre here sanjib bandyopadhyay told pti.
kolkata mayor firhad hakim, along with senior engineers of the civic body and local councillors, was on a night-long vigil in and around the city to keep a tab on the situation.
we had made arrangements to act on an emergency basis had fani hit the city.
but thank god nothing major has happened, hakim told pti.
much to the glee of passengers, flight operations, which was suspended from 3 pm on friday, resumed at the kolkata airport at 9.
57 am saturday, an airports authority of india (aai) official said.
air india was the first airline to start operating out of kolkata airport, the aai official said, adding that a goair flight from delhi was the first flight to land in kolkata at 10.
10 am.
the aai official said that airlines had refunded fares of cancelled flights to the passengers and took care of them.
very few passengers had stayed back at the airport on friday, the official said.
out of an average 224 daily flights only 110 flights operated on friday, the official said.
train services on the sealdah and howrah sections are also getting back to normal, officials said.
the ferry services on river hooghly, however, were yet to resume.
five persons were injured when a portion of the roof of a hutment collapsed on friday night in central kolkatas beniatola lane, police said.
all the five injured persons were released after treatment.
kolkata port trust chairman vinit kumar said there had been no damages to the port infrastructure.
operations at both kolkata and haldia docks have resumed since morning.
central kolkatas education hub of college street resembled a battleground on tuesday evening as clashes broke out between workers of the states ruling trinamool congress (tmc) and bharatiya janata party (bjp) after a road show by saffron party chief amit shah.
a section of the crowd broke through the gates of the 147-year-old vidyasagar college and broke chairs and glass panes and set fire to bicycles and motorbikes.
a bust of iconic 19th century reformer, ishwar chandra vidyasagar, was also vandalised.
about 100 persons have been detained.
investigation is on to find out who are responsible.
those guilty would not be spared, said kolkata police commissioner rajesh kumar, without specifying the number of those injured.
bjp leader locket chatterjee alleged that tmc supporters broke the bust, while shah, after finishing his four-km-long roadshow, attacked chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjee.
didi, your violence and hooliganism can no more stop the people of bengal from reclaiming the true legacy of this great land, he said.
tmc supporters came out with black flags and mounted attacks on our workers at two places.
i was scheduled to visit swami vivekanandas ancestral home after the road show but the police guided my car to a different road, he added.
bjp workers claimed stones first came flying at them from inside the college, and a delegation of party leaders urged the ec to bar mamatabanerjee from campaigning.
but tmc supporters alleged the attack on the college came from the participants in the road show.
bjp supporters who came down from rajasthan, uttar pradesh, bihar, gujarat and jharkhand stormed the campus of vidyasagar college and vandalised a bust of vidyasagar.
none will be more dangerous than me if bengals heritage comes under attack, thundered mamatabanerjee at a rally.
she, along with education minister partha chatterjee, rushed to the college late evening.
what does amit shah think of himself?
is he above everything?
is he god that no one can protest against him?
banerjee told reporters at the college.
the incident is expected to ratchet up tensions in the battleground state, where nine seats go to polls in the last phase of the general elections on sunday.
bengal has been roiled by violence over the past six rounds of polling, with bombs, bullets and allegations of booth capturing flying thick and fast.
what makes the eastern state important are the 42 seats on offer ( the third highest after uttar pradesh and maharashtra) that the bjp is eyeing to offset possible losses in northern india, and which are crucial for banerjees national political ambitions.
tensions began on tuesday in front of calcutta university with trinamool congress chattra parishad (tmcp) workers waving black flags and shouting go back amit shah slogans before his roadshow passed through.
the tmcp workers gathered in front of calcutta university, bjp supporters gathered on the other side of narrow street.
shah began his road show from esplanade in the heart of the city and ended it n north kolkata.
union minister smriti irani and senior bjp leader sunil deodhar addressed public meetings at jadavpur and kolkata south constituencies, respectively.
flower petals rained from the rooftops on both sides of the streets while thousands took part in the procession, chanting jai shri ram and waving saffron flags.
shah stood atop a truck, accompanied by kolkata north candidate rahul sinha, state party president dilip ghosh, south kolkata candidate chandra kumar bose, union minister babul supriyo and assam finance minister himanta viswa sarma.
over 100 pickup trucks, decorated with green and saffron balloons, party banners and cutouts of modi-shah and carrying enthusiastic activists, followed the rally.
bjp chief amit shah said tuesday that a bengali will become the chief minister of the state if the party comes to power.
dont try to scare us referring as bahari bahari (outsider).
neither i nor (party incharge of bengal) kailash vijayvargiya is going to contest elections here.
if bjp comes to power, a bengali gentleman, or lady, is going to be the cm, shah told a group of intellectuals here.
shah urged the audience not to get confused by chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjees campaign and said, no one will come from outside.
a bengali will be the chief minister and all our mps will be those carrying the fragrance of the soil of bengal.
bjp president amit shah tuesday alleged that west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee is not allowing people to chant jai shri ram in the state, and wondered if the lords name cannot be taken in india, will it be uttered in pakistan.
speaking at an election rally here, he said that polls in west bengal are for restoring democracy in the state, where the bjp will win more than 23 seats out of the total 42 lok sabha seats.
lord ram is a part of the culture of india.
.
.
can anybody stop people from taking his name?
i want to ask mamatabanerjee didi, if shri rams name is not taken in india, will it be chanted in pakistan?
shah said.
a video had appeared in the social media that showed mamatabanerjee stopping her car at a place in west midnapore district on saturday, and chasing some persons who chanted jai shri ram as her carcade was crossing the area.
the narendra modi government has given rs 4,24,800 crore to west bengal in its five-year tenure, but it has not reached the people, and, instead, gone to the syndicates, shah claimed.
he said the upa-ii government under the then prime minister manmohan singh had granted only around rs 1,32,000 crore to the state.
at another election meeting at keshiari in paschim medinipur district, shah said, what wrong has pm narendra modi done by saying that the bofors scam happened during rajiv gandhis tenure.
the bjp president was referring to modis recent remarks at a rally in uttar pradesh, where he said that rajiv gandhis life ended as bhrashtachari no.
1 (corrupt no.
1 ).
rahul baba says his father has been insulted.
is it an insult to be reminded of what had happened?
he said.
shah also asked rahul gandhi whether or not the bofors scandal, the bhopal gas tragedy, blunder of sending peacekeeping force to sri lanka or the massacre of kashmiri pandits happen during his fathers tenure as prime minister from 1984 to 1989.
he claimed that the congress and its partners in the mahagathbandhan have abused modi on 51 different occasions.
the bjp chief reiterated his partys resolve to implement the national register of citizens (nrc) in west bengal to flush out illegal migrants from bangladesh.
the crisis in the darjeeling hills deepened on tuesday after several parties, including the gorkha janamukti morcha (gjm) and gorkha national liberation front (gnlf), decided to push for a separate state and unanimously adopted a resolution in favour of it.
the centre dispatched 600 paramilitary personnel to assist the west bengal government in restoring normalcy in violence-hit darjeeling hills, which witnessed incidents of stone pelting on the second day of gjm-sponsored indefinite bandh.
the centre also sought a detailed report on the prevailing situation in the hill district from the state government.
a union home ministry spokesperson said that as many as 600 paramilitary personnel, including 200 women, were sent to darjeeling.
around 400 personnel, already stationed in west bengal, have also been deployed in the hill areas along with additional forces.
the home ministry said it was closely monitoring the situation in darjeeling and was ready to offer all assistance to the state government to restore normalcy there.
she, however, said that the centre did not seek any report on the darjeeling situation from the state government.
as their indefinite shutdown entered its second day on tuesday, protesters demanding a separate state of gorkhaland hurled stones at the police at chowkbazar area in darjeeling after they were stopped from enforcing their shutdown in many government offices.
police pickets and barricades were put up in front of the government and the gorkhaland territorial administration (gta) offices and various entry and exit points of the hills, while rapid action force (raf) and a sizable number of women police personnel were also deployed.
shops downed shutters as the violence broke out.
the gorkha janmukti morcha (gjm) leadership, however, accused the police unprovoked lathi-charge on its procession.
we have unanimously decided to fight for the separate state of gorkhaland.
we have also adopted a resolution in favour of it.
now our fight will not stop until and unless gorkhaland is achieved, gjm general secretary roshan giri said.
the gjm last week had called for a meeting of all hill parties.
the meeting was attended by the gjm, the gnlf, the gorkhaland rajya nirman morcha, the bharatiya gorkha parisangh (apolitical) and the communist party of revolutionary marxists.
two other parties from the hills, the all india gorkha league (aigl) and jan andolan party (jap) did not attend the meet, but their leaders expressed their support for a separate state.
the gnlf, an ally of the ruling trinamool congress in the civic polls that took place last month, has emphasised the need for a separate state.
giri claimed that the bjp district leadership too attended the meeting.
but, bjp national secretary rahul sinha said: we are not aware of any of our leaders attending any kind of all-party meet in darjeeling.
stet congress president adhir chowdhury said the people in the hills and tourists were now caught between didigiri of cm and dadagiri of gjm chief bimal gurung.
chowdhury also blamed state and central bjp of speaking in different voices on the darjeeling issue.
the centre complied with banerjees request for army deployment, while the state bjp was busy trading charges, he said.
barely a day after syed noor-ur rehman barkati was removed as imam of tipu sultan masjid by the mosques custodian committee, the controversial cleric was injured in a scuffle between his supporters and people from the local muslim community who want barkati to vacate office immediately.
to stop the tension from escalating, a police contingent was deployed outside the mosque which stands at the heart of chowringhee square.
prohibitory orders under section 144 was also enforced by the kolkata police.
read: kolkata imam barkati who warned of jihad against india sacked by mosque boardto add to barkatis woos, tahaffuz- e- masjid committee, the highest body of mosque committees in west bengal, demanded legal action against barkati if he did not vacate the imams office within the seven-day deadline.
noor -ur rehman barkati was an influential figure who owed his clout to the proximity with chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjee.
he also enjoyed police protection.
(subhankar chakraborty/ht photo)the scuffle between barkatis supporters and local people started soon after the completion of the asr namaz (afternoon daily prayer) on thursday.
in the midst of the scuffle, barkati was allegedly hit on the head by one of the protesters.
later, barkati told media persons that the protesters and the man who assaulted him were outsiders who had some vested interest.
a pious muslim can never assault an imam.
the protesters were all outsiders and it is possible that they were appointed by the rashtriya swyamsevak sangh, barkati told reporters after the scuffle.
earlier, maulana sharafat abrar qasmi dinajpuri, the convener of tahaffuz- e- masjid committee, an association of 494 mosque committees, said that legal provisions should be enforced against barkati if he does not vacate the imams office even after termination of service.
read: police complaint against kolkatas fatwa imam barkati for not giving up red beaconif he has some self-respect he should vacate the office instead of inviting legal action against himself.
his anti- national comments has embarrassed the entire committee.
he has insulted the post of imam by speaking against a particular political party.
he is an imam for all namazis who may have different political beliefs.
if he wants to enter active politics he must discontinue as imam, said abrar.
he also condemned barkatis fatwa against prime minister, narendra modi.
after all he the prime minister of the country and his chair should be respected, said abrar.
junior doctors across west bengal continued their stir for the fourth day on friday, leading to health services being severely affected.
the junior doctors have been on strike since tuesday in protest against the brutal assault on two colleagues in nilratan sarkar medical college and hospital on monday night by family members of an octogenarian patient who passed away.
on thursday, they defied a deadline by chief minister mamatabanerjee to return to work, declaring that their agitation would continue till their demands for security on government hospital campuses are met.
expressing solidarity with the striking doctors in bengal, the india medical association has declared all india protest day on friday, with doctors in many parts of the country holding protests.
read | bengal doctors strike enters day-4, ima declares all india protest dayhere are the live updates:2:34 pm ist at least 100 doctors in govt hospitals in bengal want to resign as many as 100 doctors in state-run hospitals across west bengal have written to the authorities expressing their desire to resign from the services.
between thursday and friday afternoon as many as 92 doctors -- professors, associate professors, assistant professors and medical officers -- wrote to the authorities expressing their desire to step down.
2:18 pm ist calcutta hc refuses to pass interim order on strike calcutta high court has refused to pass interim order on strike by junior doctors in state-run hospitals, and has asked west bengal government to persuade them to rejoin work, reported news agency pti.
2:08 pm ist calcutta hc seeks details of steps taken by govt on doctors strike a pil has been filed in calcutta high court by kunal saha of people for better treatment, seeking that the doctors strike in the state be declared illegal.
the hc has sought details of what steps had been taken by west bengal on attack on doctors and the doctors strike, by next friday.
next hearing to take place next week.
: ani1:50 pm ist all private opds at delhis ganga ram hospital to remain closed on friday the doctors forum society of delhis sir ganga ram hospital says all doctors of the hospital are fully in support of our colleagues in west bengal and strongly protest against growing tendency of violence against doctors.
all private opd clinics at the hospital will remain closed on friday.
: ani1:40 pm ist aiims doctors wear helmets as mark of protest members of resident doctors association of all india institute of medical sciences (aiims) continue to work wearing helmets, as a mark of protest: ani delhi: members of resident doctors' association of all india institute of medical sciences (aiims) continue to work wearing helmets, as a mark of protest against worsening of violence against medical doctors in west bengal.
pic.
twitter.com/6valbdffpd  ani (@ani) june 14, 20191:35 pm ist bengals striking doctors get support from intellectuals a group of west bengal intellectuals on friday came out in support of the agitating junior doctors at the nrs medical college and hospital in kolkata and urged chief minister mamatabanerjee to speak to the striking doctors to normalize the situation, reports ians.
the intellectuals including renowned actor-filmmaker aparna sen, stage and screen actor kaushik sen, met the agitating doctors and expressed solidarity to their movement.
we know that none of you look at the patients cast or religion while treating them.
we also know that you are feeling the pain for the patients who have been left untreated due to this impasse.
we are with you in this, aparna sen said amid loud cheers from the junior doctors at the hospital premises.
the chief minister is our guardian.
i would request her to change her stance a bit on this issue and talk to the young doctors here.
they are like your children.
please come here once and talk to them to sort out the problems, she said.
1:28 pm ist 18 doctors in bengal resign over prevailing situation:ani 18 doctors from two hospitals in west bengal resign as protests escalate.
:ani while 16 doctors belonging to rg kar medical college & hospital, kolkata, submitted their resignation in response to the prevailing situation , two others from north bengal medical college & hospital, darjeeling resigned over violence against doctors in the state.
west bengal: 16 doctors of the rg kar medical college & hospital, kolkata submit their resignation stating, in response to prevailing situation as we are unable to provide service, we would like to resign from our duty, pic.
twitter.com/a3evzs6zlg  ani (@ani) june 14, 20191:05 pm ist doctors in bengaluru hold protest march doctors hold protest in bengaluru over violence against doctors in west bengal.
karnataka: doctors hold protest in bengaluru over violence against doctors in west bengal.
pic.
twitter.com/nwdqrk6dr0  ani (@ani) june 14, 201912:55 pm ist token protest by doctors at govt, private hospitals in telangana doctors across the government and private hospitals in telangana staged token protests on friday morning to express their solidarity with their colleagues who had struck work at kolkata in protest against the brutal assault on a doctor.
at several hosptials in hyderabad, including nizams institute of medical sciences and gandhi hospital, doctors assembled on the hospital premises at 9 am and raised slogans demanding that violence against doctors be stopped forthwith.
12:28 pm ist doctors in ludhiana stage symbolic protest doctors of civil hospital in punjabs ludhiana, affiliated with ima, registered their protest against the attack on doctors in kolkata.
it was a symbolic protest and no work has been affected.
12:08 pm ist harsh vardhan meets aiims doctors union health minister harsh vardhan meets with doctors of new delhi aiims who are also on strike in support of the stir by junior doctors in west benal.
delhi: resident doctors association of aiims meets union health minister dr harsh vardhan over violence against doctors in west bengal.
pic.
twitter.com/wucfepxhpv  ani (@ani) june 14, 201912 noon ist dont make it prestige issue: harsh vardhan appeals to bengal cm the health minister added: i appeal to west bengal cm to not make this an issue of prestige.
she gave the doctors an ultimatum, as a result they got angry and went on strike.
today, i will write to mamatabanerjee ji and will also try to speak to her on this issue.
ani11:54 am ist hold symbolic protests only: health minister appeals to striking doctors union health minister,dr harsh vardhan on friday appealed to striking doctors across the country to hold only symbolic protests.
he told ani,  id like to assure all doctors that the government is committed towards their safety.
i appeal to doctors to hold symbolic protests only & continue to carry out their duties.
11:45 am ist kerala doctors join protest members of indian medical association in keralastrivandrum hold protest over violence against doctors in west bengal.
11:25 am ist in jaipur, doctors perform duties but wear black bands in rajasthans jaipur, doctors at jaipuria hospital carry out their duties wearing black bands as a mark of protest over violence against doctors in west bengal.
doctors treating patients at jaipurs jaipuria hospital.
( ani photo )11:00 am ist we want justice: doctors raise slogans at raipur hospital resident doctors at raipurs dr. bhimrao ambedkar memorial hospital raised slogans of we want justice as they launched their protest over violence against doctors in west bengal, reported news agency ani.
#watch resident doctors at raipur's dr. bhimrao ambedkar memorial hospital raise slogans of 'we want justice' as they protest over violence against doctors in west bengal.
#chhattisgarh pic.
twitter.com/70bsctmgln  ani (@ani) june 14, 201910:45 am ist in nagpur, doctors march with save the saviour posters doctors with save the saviour and stand with nrsmch posters at government medical college in nagpur, are holding a protest over violence against doctors in west bengal.
10:40 am ist doctors at aiims prepare to observe strike doctors at all india institute of medical sciences (aiims) prepare to observe strike over violence against doctors in west bengal.
10:30 am ist doctors union in punjabs patiala joins country-wide protest as junior doctors across the country are taking out marches demand protection for doctors, doctors union in punjabs patiala has joined the protest too.
10:25 am ist maharashtra resident doctors join protest; demand protection in the light of the recent assault on doctors in kolkata, maharashtra association of resident doctors (mard) joined the nationwide protest on friday to demand protection for doctors.
speaking to ani, prashant chaudhary, president of mard at scion hospital, said: the incident was clearly a targeted assault.
this has now become a law and order issue.
we express solidarity to the seriously injured doctors.
we will abstain from providing our routine services from 8 am to 5 pm today, but at the same time we will make sure to inform the administration so that outpatient department treatment (opd), operation theatres (ot) and wards keep running.
10:00 am ist doctors at siliguri observe strike, protest march in hyderabad doctors at north bengal medical college, siliguri, observe strike.
in hyderabad, doctors of nizams institute of medical sciences hold protest march west bengal: doctors at north bengal medical college, siliguri observe strike over violence against doctors at nrs medical college & hospital pic.
twitter.com/qzvmkuex0x  ani (@ani) june 14, 20199:55am ist opd services at aiims, safdarjung hospital to remain suspended doctors in delhis aiims, maharashtra, patiala and many other parts of the country have come out in support of the striking doctors in bengal.
all out-patient clinics and routine services will remain suspended at new delhis all india institute of medical sciences (aiims) and the safdarjung hospital with over 3,500 resident doctors from the two hospitals striking work.
doctors in patiala protest in support of bengal doctors strike ( bharat bhushan / ht photo )9:45am ist maharashtra doctors shut down opd maharashtra association of resident doctors (mard) are observing strike today over violence against doctors in west bengal.
official statement says, we are shutting down our opd, ward and academic services from 8 am to 5 pm today.
emergency services will not be hampered.
:ani9:30am ist patients facing difficulty at aiims due to doctors strike patients face difficulties as resident doctors association (rda) of aiims is on strike on friday over violence against doctors in west bengal.
relative of a patient said, my mothers dialysis was scheduled for today, we were told to go and get it done from somewhere else.
a midnight torch rally in kolkata and bongaon on the indo-bangladesh border accompanied with traditional bengali dinner of rice, fish and potato-poppy seed curry, blood donation camps at the border and overnight cultural events since monday evening stood out in the international language day celebrations in west bengal.
at benapole in bangladesh and petrapole in india about 80 kms from kolkata blood donation camps were organised.
the blood collected from each camp will go to the blood bank on the other side of the border.
a giant 500 feet long typically bengali motif created on auspicious ceremonies, known as alpana, was drawn on the road in front of academy of fine arts in kolkata.
the event was one of the rare occasions where both ruling party and opposition politicians such as power minister sovandeb chatterjee, chairman of poetry academy subodh sarkar and cpi(m) mp mohammad salim and cpi(m) leader bikash bhattacharya attended.
a few hundred torches were lit up at the stroke of midnight on february 20 in front of academy of fine arts in kolkata to welcome international mother language day, as eminent cultural personalities from bangladesh and sri lanka walked in a silent rally, together with writers, artistes and civil society personalities from west bengal, tripura, assam, jharkhand and meghalaya, to commemorate the martyrs of language movement in bangladesh.
the midnight torch rally in front of academy of fine arts in kolkata.
(emanul haque/facebook)participants in the rally joined the chorus and sung bangladeshs national anthem, amar sonar bangla, as well as other songs dedicated to the language movement in 1952 and its martyrs.
in 1999 unesco announced february 21 will be observed as the international mother language day to promote multilingualism and cultural diversity.
it was a recognition of the prolonged struggle of the people of bangladesh who fought with the rulers of pakistan who imposed urdu as the official language in 1948.
throughout monday night, plays were staged, songs and dances performed and poetry read out.
food stalls serving quintessential bengali cuisines aloo-posto and machher jhol-bhaat were set up.
read: city bengalis to celebrate mother language daythe cultural event organised by the city-based bhasha o chetona samiti started on monday evening and went on till tuesday morning.
from the morning, the day was observed at various places across the city as well as different parts of west bengal.
in kolkata, students from dhaka university participated in a rally that walked down a two-kilometre stretch carrying posters highlighting the historic movement in bangladesh in 1952.
a replica of the shahid minar in dhaka was installed on the college campus for the celebrations jointly organised by the alumni association of st xaviers college and the bongo sahityo samiti.
on the international border with bangladesh, too, the cultural programmes started on monday evening on both sides of the border  at petrapole in bongaon and benapole in jessore  where thousands joined the candle light march at midnight.
prominent artistes from west bengal and bangladesh performed at the events organised by the civic chiefs of the neighbouring towns on two sides of the border that was thrown open on tuesday morning for people to attend both events.
this is the first time civic bodies on both sides of the border co-organised the remembrance of the language martyrs, said shankar adhya, chairman of the bongaon municipality in north 24-parganas district of west bengal.
the day was observed at the office of deputy high commissioner of bangladesh as well.
chief minister mamatabanerjee , too, participated in an event.
let mother tongue be the medium of expression, she said.
death of patients, identified as the root cause of violence in state-run hospitals, was discussed at length during west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjees meeting with the agitating doctors on monday.
she also asked them to start a campaign to make common people aware of the consequences of such attacks.
the junior doctors at nil ratan sircar medical college and hospital in kolkata called off their strike after the meeting with the cm.
banerjee also proposed that doctors should not be breaking the news of a patients death in front of the family.
specially trained personnel, and not doctors, should break the news of death before a patients relatives.
they may not be people with a medical background but should be adequately briefed by the doctors, said banerjee.
doctors are extremely busy with treating patients and dont have the time and mental frame to ensure empathetic communication with the patients families.
arguments trigger tension, she said.
i will ask my officers to see whether it is possible to employ a third person to communicate with the families.
one has to realise that when a mother loses her child she is not in the right frame of mind.
it is not possible for doctors, who are extremely busy, to properly make these communications, she said.
suggestions mamatabanerjee and the doctors made during the meeting included limiting the number of persons accompanying a patient to two, installing collapsible gates at the entrance to emergency departments and setting up alarm systems in all hospitals.
why should a crowd accompany a patient?
we should allow only two relatives to take the patients for tests or buy medicines, said banerjee.
she said unchecked entry of people to emergency departments cannot be allowed when archisman bhattacharya, one of the agitating doctors of nrs medical college and hospital said, beating up doctors has turned into an act of daring, almost a chivalry.
the chief minister also reiterated that the five persons, who were arrested after monday nights violence, were not granted bail by court and the government was determined to handle the case sternly.
in the past too i asked my officers to treat these cases on priority.
this case too will not be taken lightly.
i give my word, said banerjee.
i have strongly condemned the attack on you.
if you want me to do it again, using any particular word or phrase of your choice, please tell me.
i will do it again, the chief minister added.
she suggested setting up of three-member public relations teams under the leadership of a nodal police officer in every area where hospitals are located.
she also agreed with a suggestion from doctors that female security personnel should also be recruited since women also stage agitations inside hospitals.
emergency was imposed by then prime minister indira gandhi on this day in 1975 which was in effect till march 21, 1977.
today is the anniversary of the emergency declared in 1975.
for the last five years, the country went through a super emergency.
we must learn our lessons from history and fight to safeguard the democratic institutions in the country, mamatabanerjee tweeted.
(this story has been published from a wire agency feed without modifications to the text.
only the headline has been changed.
west bengal and a few other opposition-ruled states plan to defer the rollout of the goods and services tax (gst) by at least two months, citing discrepancies in the tax structure and non-framing of rules.
opposition parties expressed their intention a day after finance minister arun jaitley revealed that the government will implement the new tax regime from july 1.
the demand will be raised at the gst council meeting on saturday.
the ruling trinamool congress party in the eastern state believes that the gst must not be rolled out before september, and the other opposition parties agree.
bengal finance minister amit mitra contacted many opposition leaders to garner support for a delay.
there are genuine concerns, said a senior congress strategist.
there has been hectic lobbying by states and industry bodies for concessions ever since the tax rates for most goods and services were fixed.
this spurred jaitley to say that using media propaganda for getting rates varied will not have a significant impact on the councils decision.
news agency pti quoted revenue secretary hasmukh adhia as saying that there was scope for rationalising tax rates because the governments intention was to increase revenue without hiking tax rates.
i am very annoyed.
the opposition wants changes in the tax structure of some goods.
according to the current proposal, wigs will attract 5  tax.
however, any value-addition to the wigs will attract 28  tax.
is this rational?
a congress leader asked.
mitra, for his part, said the west bengal government was not alone in objecting to the gst in its present form.
many industrial sectors  such as manufacturing and services  have also raised serious objections, he added.
the opposition will also demand rate concessions on single-screen theatres, vernacular movies and shoes priced below rs 500 because these categories have a potential for employment generation.
i will highlight that there are major objections from different sectors to the june 1 rollout of the gst.
the services sector is against it, mitra said.
the 15th council meeting on june 3 will give finishing touches to the gst by finalising rates on shoes, beedis, jewellery and biscuits.
the participants are also expected to discuss the transition rules.
rashtriya swayamsevak sangh chief mohan bhagwat on saturday said that hindus cannot live freely in parts of india and that their rights are not protected because they are not united.
we have formed this organisation not to oppose anybody but to strengthen ourselves.
the hindu samaj has a glorious history in this country.
but despite such a glorious history, is the condition of hindu samaj the way it should have been?
are hindus able to perform their religious rites and activities freely and fairly across india?
are the human rights of hindus well established in this country?
bhagwat said, addressing swayamsevaks in kolkata.
hindus are responsible for their own condition.
hindus are facing this situation because they are not united and strong.
we should work in uniting the hindu samaj without opposing anybody, he said.
bhagwats statements came in the backdrop of communal disturbances in various parts of west bengal.
during the rally, the rss chief also oversaw a drill of swayamsevaks in their traditional attire.
earlier, the kolkata police had denied permission for the rally, prompting the rss to move calcutta high court and lending a new dimension to the tussle between chief minister mamatabanerjee and the saffron camp.
however, in a snub to the mamatabanerjee government, the court on friday allowed the rally to go ahead.
the all india trinamool congress (tmc), born 20 years ago in 1998, has been credited for two of its major achievements.
one, its the only congress offshoot to taste regular political success.
the party has twice formed government in a state, and its leader mamatabanerjee has been cabinet minister three times and minister of state once in her parliamentary career spanning 25 years.
two, the party ended the lefts 34-year rule in west bengal, ruthlessly diminishing the communists clout in national politics.
the summer of 2019, however, will see an altogether different election for this regional powerhouse.
this time, trinamool wants mamatabanerjee as the kingmaker of an anti-bjp government if not its prime minister.
in 2019, mamatabanerjee will play the lead role, bengal will play the lead role, trinamools rajya sabha floor leader derek obrien claimed.
the left, however, doesnt see that happening.
mamata or trinamools utility is to try to extinguish left parties.
you cant lead a federal front if you dont respect democracy.
mamata has (taken) democracy to the crematorium.
in bengal, bjps rise is co-terminus with mamatas rise, said cpim politburo leader md salim.
just as trinamools ambitions have soared, so have preparations in the party to emerge as the biggest regional political grouping in india and command a significant space in the anti-bjp political space.
the state panchayat elections are seen as the first step for the party.
in a state like west bengal, which has 42 lok sabha seats and a robust panchayat system, winning panchayat polls helps gain a solid grip at the grassroot level network of the party.
as things stand today, amid allegations of rampant violence (which also prevented over a third of the seats from being contested), the trinamool is set to sweep the rural polls.
in 2008, the left front, for the first time lost the panchayat polls in west bengal.
the following year, mamatabanerjee gained more seats than the red brigade in the lok sabha.
two years later, it swept the assembly polls.
the party has also galvanised its physical presence in delhi.
obrien is almost regularly available and runs the partys support team from delhi.
banerjees trips to delhi have multiplied, too.
and for all other seasons, theres a team of 34 mpsmaking trinamool the largest party in parliament after bjp, congress and aiadmk.
the efforts have paid dividends too.
banerjee became the first leader to reach out to arvind kejriwal, delhi chief minister and now, the two sides share best relations.
her communication channels with her odisha counterpart navin patnaik and bihars nitish kumar (even after the latter allied with the bjp) are active.
telangana chief minister k chandrasekhar rao flew down to kolkata last month to support her efforts for a federal front.
she organised a sort of a political coup when shiv sena and aam admi party, the latter famous for its political inhibitions, marched together to rashtrapati bhavan under the trinamools leadership against demonetisation.
and last week, dmk leader mk stalin tweeted, dmk has always stood for the unity of regional parties and stronger federal co-operation.
i endorse the efforts of @mamataofficial to bring together various political parties to oppose the autocratic and antidemocratic rule of the bjp.
but these are no guarantees that trinamools mid-summer nights dream will come true.
for, even if the bjp is defeated, no federal or anti-bjp front can come to power without the support of the congress party.
in close circles, mamatabanerjee has expressed her reservation about working under congress leadership.
while she has a cordial rapport with upa chairperson sonia gandhi, for her party, rahul is too junior and without credentials to be seen as a possible pm, according to a senior trinamool leader.
and trinamool believes other parties too may feel the same.
mamata banerjees development and credibility goes way beyond bengal.
people from different regions are looking at her because of her credibility.
and because of her credibility, she has acceptability, obrien argues.
the congress, however, sees things differently.
in a recent interview to this paper, congress key strategist jairam ramesh bluntly stated, mamatabanerjee leads a west bengal party.
k chandrashekar rao will not get a seat outside telangana.
the two national parties are congress and bjp.
the simple number game also doesnt help realise an anti-bjp government without the congress.
even if trinamool sweeps west bengal, sp and bsp win all seats in up, tdp and trs bags their respective states, the collective strength of regional parties will fall much short of the required number of 272 to get the majority in lok sabha.
trinamool leadership has suggested that congress should consider joining the federal front and support the initiativein other words, the congress should allow a chief minister from regional parties.
but that model, first with hd devegowda and then with indra kumar gujral, failed miserably during the period of 1996-98.
as a result, the bjp came to power.
while pundits believe that trinamool will do extremely well in the state, the leadership question, however, will only be decided after the polls.
if the congress rejuvenates itself under rahuls leadership, it may not be willing to give the steering of the federal fronts bandwagon to other parties.
trinamool has no politics of its own.
their stand on secularism is superficial.
she (mamata) hasnt taken any step to challenge bjp-rss in the state and nationally.
you will not find a single party literature against rss politics, said salim.
as things stand today, all india trinamool congress is set to retain its absolute majority in west bengal.
but whether it can evolve as a national kingmaker from being a regional force, is the only question didis followers are keen to get an answer.
some of them also want to see mamatabanerjee at lok kayna marga feat that no bengali has achieved so far.
west bengals education minister, partha chatterjee, on tuesday visited kolkatas rabindra bharati university a day after four departmental heads and three deans resigned in protest against alleged casteist insults hurled at four professors from the scheduled caste (sc) community.
students and staff owing allegiance to the ruling trinamool congress (tmc) unions allegedly hurled the insults that have triggered protests on the campus.
chatterjee held meetings with faculty members and vice chancellor sabyasachi basu ray chaudhury, who has ordered an inquiry into the alleged incidents.
the insults were allegedly hurled following an argument some teachers had with a group of students skipping classes.
the guilty will not be spared, chatterjee said.
last month, a geography professor saraswati kerketta belonging to the sc community alleged a section of students and staff insulted her by mentioning her background and made her stand for an hour in a classroom despite knowing that she suffers from orthopedic problems.
later, another professor and two others made similar allegations.
the matter came to light on monday when heads of bengali, sanskrit, economics and political sciences departments, bharati bandopadhyay, amal kumar mandal, bindi shaw, and bankim chandra mondal and deans of three other departments  school of languages and culture, department of visual art and b r ambedkar study centre  resigned.
i met the professors and requested them not to resign.
i told them that we cannot let these things happen in an institute named after tagore.
student-teacher relation should be protected at all cost.
i told the teachers and students that they must attend all classes.
the inquiry committee has to submit its report fast and it should be made public.
i told the students to apologise to the teachers who felt insulted, chatterjee said.
one of the teachers, saraswati kerketta, from the sc community has stopped coming to the university.
her phone is switched off.
otherwise, i could have talked to her and connected the call to chief minister mamatabanerjee , chatterjee added.
joyeeta roy, another professor who has alleged she was also insulted and harassment, said she is a member of the tmcs teachers union and that even she was not spared.
casteist slurs have become a regular feature on campus.
we will not tolerate this.
chaudhury said he has not accepted the resignations.
we have ordered an inquiry to get to the bottom of this.
debabrata das, the secretary of a teachers council, said the harassment of teachers has been going on for quite some time.
the torture increased every time we complained to the authorities.
rahul gandhi said on tuesday that he is ready to be indias prime minister if the congress emerges as the largest party in the 2019 lok sabha elections, acknowledging for the first time that he would be willing to take the countrys top job at a time when several opposition parties are trying to cobble together a federal front against the ruling bharatiya janata party (bjp).
at a town hall with the citys prominent citizens, when gandhi was asked if he would become the pm, he replied: well it depends.
.
.
it depends on how well the congress does.
if the congress is the biggest party, yes.
gandhi also emphasised he was pretty convinced narendra modi would not return to power in 2019.
mr. modi is not going to be prime minister.
i can see it in his face.
he knows it, he said.
during the 10-year rule of the united progressive alliance government, gandhi had repeatedly rejected offers to join the cabinet.
the newly appointed congress presidents statement, in the middle of the election campaign in karnataka, is expected to boost the party cadre and escalate a personality clash with prime minister modi.
the state will vote on may 12, and results will be announced on may 15.
gandhis comment sends a message that the congress sees itself as a front-runner to lead a coalition government to keep the bjp out of power.
the comment assumes greater significance after west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee , seen one of the key architects of a proposed federal front, had said last week that the congress should be prepared to play a supportive role in an anti-bjp formation, a statement that perhaps hinted at her own prime ministerial aspirations.
trinamool congress spokespersons in delhi and kolkata declined to comment on rahuls statement on tuesday.
but nawab malik, spokesperson of the sharad pawar-led nationalist congress party (ncp) -- one of the more consistent partners of the congress and also in the forefront of the federal front negotiations -- said that nobody can oppose rahul gandhi if people gave him mandate.
in uttar pradesh, samajwadi party (sp) spokesperson and former minister rajendra chaudhary said: it is his statement.
what can we say about it.
it may happen or might not.
too early to say anything.
the sp, led by akhilesh yadav, is taking on the bjp in the state along with once bitter rival, the bahujan samaj party (bsp) led by mayawati.
both parties are considered key to a combined anti-bjp front.
the telangana rashtra samithi (trs), too, declined to comment on gandhis remark.
it is their issue.
for us, it is a non-issue, said trs rajya sabha member k kesava rao.
trs leader k chandrashekhar rao has also been working on putting together an alternative front to take on the bjp.
meanwhile, bjp spokesperson shahnawaz hussain quipped that gandhi has a right to dream but even allies of the congress would not accept his leadership.
look at the irony, congress is losing state after state ever since gandhi took over as partys vice president and then party chief.
but he is dreaming to become the prime minister, hussain told reporters.
congress leader abhishek manu singhvi, however, backed gandhis statement, describing him as a natural choice.
remember, he is not hankering for the post and in fact he had been most self-denying earlier.
his dignified response came after he has led from the front as congress president and is in stark contrast to the prime minister and the ruling party presidents obsessive hunger for pelf, power, post and politics, singhvi said.
speaking about gandhis comment, sanjay kumar of the centre for the study of developing societies said: i think he wants to dispel the notion that he is a reluctant politician, that his heart is not in politics.
he is signalling that he is deeply invested in politics and harbours the ambition for the top job.
kumar added that gandhi was also asserting within the party, where there remain whispers that he is not serious.
he is saying i am pm material.
dont think otherwise, he said.
gathbandhan partners mayawati and akhilesh yadav could be the most prominent faces of sonia gandhis much talked- about may 23 meeting.
neutral players naveen patnaik and k chandrashekhar rao are also being approached.
in a bid to muster the support of old friends and lead the opposition front, upa chairperson sonia gandhi has sent letters to all key players, including former uttar pradesh chief ministers, mayawati and akhilesh yadav, for the may 23 meeting, the day results of the lok sabha elections are to be announced.
letters have also been shot off to key allies, dmk and nationalist congress party (ncp) for working out instant strategies to stake claim for forming the government at the centre, in case the nda, led by incumbent prime minister narendra modi falls short of the majority mark.
among those who have confirmed their participation at the meeting are ncps sharad pawar and m.k. stalin of the dmk.
sonia gandhi had almost taken the back seat after rahul gandhi was elected president of the congress.
however, as the election results draw closer, she returns to take the leadership role to forge a grand opposition alliance which had unfortunately failed last year.
besides neutral players such as naveen patnaik of the biju janata dal (bjd) and k. chandrashekhar rao of the telangana rashtra samiti (trs), sonia gandhi is eyeing the support of mayawati and akhilesh yadav who are expected to secure big numbers if the caste chemistry of votes succeeds in the cow belt.
party sources said that sonia gandhi has stepped into alliance building efforts even before the results are out.
she has reportedly been in touch with both mayawati and akhilesh yadav and also west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjee.
despite remaining out of the pre-poll alliance (gathbandhan) in uttar pradesh, congress leaders have been in constant touch with the bsp and sp leadership.
during the poll campaign in up, rahul gandhi chose to remain silent on mayawati and akhilesh while launching an open attack on the bjp and rss.
in several seats in the state, the congress fielded candidates from the upper castes to cut into the vote bank of the saffron party.
in return, the gathbandhan did not contest rae bareli and amethi, the traditional seats held by the gandhi family.
now sonia gandhis latest communique to mayawati and akhilesh yadav makes it evident that the gathbandhan leaders are also keen to join the upa to consolidate opposition fraternity.
speaking to ians, the national spokesperson of samajwadi party, i.p. singh said the gathbandhan would be the ultimate winner in uttar pradesh and would secure at least 60 seats making the sp-bsp alliance the biggest challenger to the bjp.
akhileshji has the highest regard for soniaji and our party will certainly play an important role in government formation after may 23, said singh.
in its latest internal poll survey, sp has been expecting around 26 seats (out of 37 being contested), though it appears to be an elevated number in the wake of prime minister modis marathon rallies in the state after the second phase.
sources said in the proposed meeting akhilesh yadav and mayawati would be the prominent faces besides sharad pawar, n. chandrababu naidu and m.k. stalin who are certain to be present.
sources said congress leaders, particularly ahmed patel, are also reaching out to naveen patnaik and k chandrashekhar rao.
efforts are also being made to approach ysrcps jaganmohan reddy.
even as the ruling trinamool congress (tmc) and the bharatiya janata party (bjp) continued to blame each other over the basirhat violence in bengal, three more people were killed in two districts since monday night.
two of the persons were killed in bhatpara in north 24 parganas district when crude bombs were hurled at them while one was clobbered to death in galsi of east burdwan district.
on monday night, mohammad halim was killed on the spot and mukhtar ahmed succumbed to his injuries in a hospital after they were hit by bombs in bhatpara area, which witnessed unchecked clashes between the bjp and the tmc for almost five days after the lok sabha results were declared.
our men were killed.
armed goons patronised by (newly-elected barrackpore lok sabha mp) arjun singh hurled bombs, alleged minister and north 24 parganas district tmc president jyoti priya mallick.
bjp leader ahindra bose trashed the allegation and said, the goons are backed by the tmc.
if the police conduct investigation properly, the truth will emerge.
we have started investigation into the incident and can comment only when its over, said d p singh, commissioner of barrackpore police.
also read: bengal not a toy, cant play with it: mamatabanerjee hammers bjp at statue eventin galsi, about 126 km from kolkata, jaideb roy was clobbered to death when he was returning home.
he succumbed to his injuries in a hospital on tuesday morning.
two party supporters who rushed to roys rescue, were also injured and were admitted to hospital.
jaideb roys wife pampa said that miscreants attacked him when he was returning home from a railway station.
its planned murder.
bjp-backed goons killed jaideb.
he worked for our party in the election, alleged gour chandra mandal, tmc leader in galsi.
countering mandal, bjp east burdwan district president sandeep nandi said, it is not a political murder, but tmc is blaming us.
three persons were detained for questioning by the police in galsi.
adding a fresh twist to the basirhat violence in which three persons -- two supporters of the bjp and one of tmc -- were killed on june 8, the chief minister said the administration has to find out whether the bjp workers killed in basirhat fell to bullets fired by their own men.
those bjp supporters who were killed went to murder kayum mollah (a tmc supporter).
while pradip mondal and sukanta mondal, who were killed, were bjp workers, kayum mollah was a tmc supporter.
also read: violence continues in bengal as police and bjp workers clash over funeralbjp leader mukul roy lashed out at the chief minister after he visited the families of the two slain party supporters in basirhat.
an fir has to be registered against mamatabanerjee herself since she has been instigating violence in the state.
actually there were no clashes here.
they were attacked when they were sleeping at home, said mukul roy after visiting the mondals.
roy also alleged both of them as well as debdas mondal, who is missing since the incident, were dragged out of their houses and taken some distance away to the pisciculture farms in the area and killed in the most brutal manner.
sheikh shahjahan (tmc president of sandeshkhali block i) led the attack, alleged roy.
in their hurry to grab power, bjp leaders are saying whatever is coming to their mind.
their wish will never be fulfilled, retorted jyoti priya mallick reacting to roys suggestion of fir against the chief minister.
also read: tmc-bjp tiff intensifies as mha advises to maintain law, orderon monday night, police searched the residences of shahjahan and firoz kamal gazi alias babu master, a zilla parishad functionary and tmc leader of the area.
both shahjahan and babu master were slapped with sections of the ipc related to murder and rioting.
two firs were registered at nazat police station.
a missing diary was also lodged for debdas mondal.
but the police did not arrest anyone till tuesday afternoon although a total of 51 people were named in the two firs.political tussle between the bjp and the tmc has reached feverish pitch in the state following the basirhat killings.
while speculation rose about the possibility of presidents rule following meetings of bengal governor keshari nath tripathi and prime minister narendra modi and union home minister amit shah on monday, mukul roy asserted in kolkata that the party did not intend to topple the tmc government at all.
congress president rahul gandhi replied to narendra modi after the prime minister wished him on his 49th birthday with good health and a long life on wednesday.
pm modi had taken to twitter to convey his wishes to rahul gandhi, who was born on june 19, 1970.
thank you for your greetings @narendramodi ji.
i appreciate them, rahul gandhi replied to prime minister modi on twitter before thanking all the others who had wished him well.
best wishes to shri @rahulgandhi on his birthday.
may he be blessed with good health and a long life.
narendra modi (@narendramodi) june 19, 2019the prime minister and gandhi were involved in a war of words in the run-up to the lok sabha election, in which the bjp-led nda won with a massive majority to return to power for the second time.
watch: rahul gandhi shares ladoos with journos on his 49th birthdayrahul gandhi also reverted to the flurry of wishes he had been receiving since morning from party leaders and other politicians.
thank you all for your best wishes & greetings on my birthday.
im overwhelmed & grateful for your love & affection, the congress president tweeted with four photos of his photos with party workers and one with former prime minister manmohan singh.
a hashtag of happybirthdayrahulgandhi trended on twitter as more than 31,000 users tweeted on the day.
gandhi was escorted by kc venugopal, adhir ranjan chowdhury and other leaders as he arrived at the all india congress committee (aicc) headquarters in new delhi wearing a garland around his neck.
party workers swarmed the congress president as many presented him with flowers.
gandhi also offered sweets to journalists who were present at the congress office.
priyanka gandhi vadra, congress general secretary and his sister, greeted him with flowers by his sister as did manmohan singh.
senior leaders ghulam nabi azad and rajasthan chief minister ashok gehlot were also present at the party headquarters.
gandhi was also greeted by many other politicians on social media.
greetings and good wishes to shri @rahulgandhi on his birthday.
wishing him a long life filled with good health, defence minister rajnath singh tweeted.
best wishes on your birthday, wrote the west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee along with the same wish in bangla.
the bahujan samal party chief mayawati also wished gandhi a long and healthy life on twitter in hindi.
the cbi will move the supreme court seeking removal of the no coercive action clause against former kolkata police commissioner rajeev kumar as it wants his custodial interrogation in connection with the saradha chit fund scam, an official of the probe agency said saturday.
it would be better if kumar is questioned without the no coercive action clause in order to know the finer details of the case, he said.
kumar had been embroiled in a controversy for being at loggerheads with the cbi over its investigations into the saradha chit fund and rose valley scams.
we will appeal before the supreme court to remove the no coercive action clause against rajeev kumar.
if a person has additional protection at times he or she doesnt reveal things.
it would be better if we question him in our custody, a senior cbi official told pti.
a team of cbi officers was stopped from entering the residence of kumar, when he was the city police chief on february 3 when they had gone to question him in connection with the scam cases.
the move had led to chief minister mamatabanerjee to launch a dharna in the heart of the city, protesting against the attack on constitutional norms.
on february 5, the apex court had directed kumar to appear before the central investigative agency in connection with the matter.
it had also said that no coercive step should be taken against kumar.
acting on the apex courts order, the cbi had questioned kumar for several days in shillong from february 9.
bjp national secretary kailash vijayvargiya has dared the mamatabanerjee government to arrest bjp state president dilip ghosh, who was booked on thursday by west midnapore district police for carrying a sword during a ram navami procession on april 5.
ghosh was booked under non-bailable sections of arms act and other sections of the indian penal code, hours within chief minister mamatabanerjee warning legal action against those carrying weapons during political or religious processions.
read: sangh parivar organise unprecedented ram navami celebration across bengalwe are not going to take it lightly.
let them try and arrest him, vijayvargiya said in east midnapore district on friday.
ghosh and vijayvargiya are in east midnapore district since thursday.
the chief minister has been playing a very negative role since trinamool leaders started landing in jails for their links with various chit fund scams.
they are targeting ghosh, whereas trinamool leaders were also seen carrying weapons.
they are also looking the other way when people from other communities are carrying weapons, vijayvargiya said.
many women and children participated in processions carrying swords and axes.
(ht photo)ghosh, too, criticised the mamatabanerjee government for being partial.
what action are they planning against former trinamool minister madan mitra, who was seen with a sword during a muharram procession?
he asked.
the chief minister, however, showed no sign of going soft on bjp that she now identifies as her opponent number one.
bjp does not know bengals culture, not even indias.
if they knew, they would have worshipped in temples instead of carrying out processions with swords.
they are trying to pollute bengals culture.
we are not going to tolerate this, and the law will take its own course against people who organise rallies with weapons, she reiterated from a rally in burdwan district on friday.
read: muslim clerics in bengal demand ban on rss, say ram navami processions with weapons illegalbengals ruling party has been at loggerheads with the saffron camp over the celebration of ram navami when nearly a hundred processions were taken out across the state by various rightwing hindutva outfits.
many leaders of bjp and rashtriya swayamsevak sangh (rss) participated in these rallies.
the chief minister accused bjp of trying to hijack the religious programme and playing politics in the name of religion.
calcutta high court on thursday directed all processes of the west bengal rural polls to be suspended till april 16, when the state election commission (sec)?
will submit a report on the steps it has taken to ensure peaceful filing of nomination by the opposition.
the court will decide on the next step only after going through the report.
justice subrata talukdar delivered the order after hearing a petition by the bengal unit of the bharatiya janata party (bjp).
the trinamool congress (tmc)?
decided to approach a division bench of calcutta high court against thursdays order.
the bjp filed a caveat so that there is no hearing at a division bench without informing its counsel.
trinamool counsel and party mp, kalyan mamatabanerjee , argued both inside the court and outside that according to article 243-o of the constitution, courts do not have right to interfere in electoral matters after the election process started.
there is no precedence of courts interfering in such situations.
while we think the poll process kicks off with the notification by the election commission, the court thought otherwise, said mamatabanerjee outside the court.
justice talukdar also observed that, if necessary, the date of polling can change.
since the nomination process began on april 2, opposition parties have been alleging that the ruling party supporters have indulged in violence and strong-arm tactics to prevent their candidates from filing nominations, an allegation dismissed by chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjee.
the polling is scheduled to take place on may 1, 3 and 5.
counting is on may 8.
six people have died in violence surrounding the rural elections over the past month.
countering kalyan mamatabanerjee , advocates for the petitioner maintained that under section 43 of the west bengal panchayat elections act, 2003, the sec has the powers to extend the date for completion of any election.
opposition leaders welcomed the courts decision.
the supreme court directed calcutta high court to redress the grievances of the common man centring the rural elections.
i salute courts.
at least they are listening to our agony when the government, the police and even the sec are turning a deaf ear to our pleas, said state congress president adhir chowdhury.
the court order justifies our grievances for which we called a six-hour bandh in bengal on friday, said left front chairman biman bose.
ruling party leaders refrained from criticising the order but said they will have the last laugh.
the delight of the opposition will be cut short by the people who will defeat them in the elections that will be held tomorrow or day after, said trinamool secretary general, partha chatterjee.
the polls are crucial because the tmsc, which wants a larger role in national politics, wants to retain its hold over the states grassroots-level politics, while the bjp, fast emerging as bengals main opposition party, is keen to expand its footprint.
on thursday, the judge asked the sec secretary, nilanjan sandilya, how many candidates wanted to file their nominations on april 9 and 10, but couldnt.
the official told the judge that he did not have the information ready at hand.
on the night of april 9, the sec issued a notification extending the filing of nomination by a day (till 3 pm on april 10).
but barely within 12 hours, state election commissioner, a k singh, issued another notification withdrawing the extension order and cited two letters  one by the state government and the other by trinamool congress vice-president kalyan mamatabanerjee  had pointed out legal infirmities in the earlier notification.
the bjp moved the apex court that ordered the matters should be heard by calcutta high court on april 12.
the court also imposed a penalty of r5 lakh on petitioner pratap mamatabanerjee , general secretary of the bengal unit of the bjp for not informing the court that he also approached the supreme court on tuesday with the same complaint.
the cpi(m) had also moved the supreme court on wednesday with an appeal to postpone the panchayat elections till the question of the filing of nominations by opposition candidates was settled.
at the pinnacle of her political career, bengal chief minister and trinamool congress boss mamatabanerjee is a worried person after the election results in the five states.
the comfort with which she can rule her state in the near and medium term future is indeed related to how the states -- more specifically the political bellwether state of uttar pradesh -- voted.
over the past few weeks, especially after she picked up popular issues such as overcharging and shoddy treatment in private hospitals, mamatabanerjee banerjees popularity has reached an all-time high in bengal.
but her dream run may be abruptly interrupted by the saffron storm unleashed almost 1000 km away in lucknow.
the die is castthroughout her four decades of political life, the feisty 62-year old leader is known for taking risks and not playing her cards close to her chest.
the past few months she hasnt conducted herself differently and she tweeted her whole-hearted support to the sp-congress alliance within a few minutes of akhilesh yadav and rahul gandhi announcing their alliance.
on saturday as the results poured in, mamatabanerjee tweeted, congratulations to winners in different states.
congratulations to the voters for making their choice.
to the losers, dont lose heart.
in a democracy, we must respect each other because some will win, some will lose.
trust the people.
political analysts stated that it is a much sober and mature response from the pugnacious chief minister who had been targeting prime minister narendra modi so far.
the tweet is very interesting and politically significant.
it is a courteous, mature and mellowed down statement indicating a softening stand on bengal chief ministers side.
one may see a speeding up of cbi cases, but all depends on narendra modi who would like mamatabanerjee on his side in different issues like teesta water treaty, said sibaji pratim basu, political analyst.
since the pm announced demonetization on november 8, she did not pull punches and emerged as modis most bitter critic.
she did everything possible from attacking him personally to touring the hindi heartland to rally other political parties against him to even suggesting a national government under the leadership of arun jaitley.
in short, she did not leave any escape route for herself.
bjp leaders have maintained that her opposition to the demonetisation had more to do with the cash her party leaders held rather than for any genuine concern for the people.
with the resounding victory under its belt, it is unlikely that the ruling party at the centre will forget all that in a hurry.
the results, i think, are dangerous for mamatabanerjee banerjee.
encouraged by the unprecedented success in up, bjp will now try to be aggressive in bengal.
had congress-sp alliance won in up, it would have given mamatabanerjee a chance to increase her attacks against bjp and foray into the national scene.
but now it seems difficult, said amal kumar mukhopadhyay, political science expert and former principal of presidency college.
palpable tensiontrinamool congress leaders had waited for the election results with bated breath.
the apprehension was that if the bjp fared well, it may speed up cbi/ed investigation of the chit fund scams.
it is a fact that now bjp will try hard to conspire against our party leaders.
they will use agencies to target our senior leaders.
but we are ready to fight it out democratically, said a senior lok sabha mp of trinamool congress.
but there may be more ominous dark clouds waiting for bengals ruling party.
the calcutta high court is hearing the narada sting operation, and if the court orders a cbi probe, it may land a dozen trinamool leaders in big trouble.
the sting operation conducted by the portal naradanews.com was put out on public domain just about a fortnight ahead of the last assembly elections in bengal and the video showed a dozen tmc leaders  ministers, mps, mlas and even an ips officer who was purportedly working on behalf of a rajya sabha mp  accepting cash from the representative of a fictitious company.
the faces who were seen in the video telecast nationwide were those of the prominent and the powerful in the party  saugata roy, suvendu adhikari, sultan ahmed, aparupa poddar, kakoli ghosh dastidar, prasun mamatabanerjee (lok sabha mp), subrata mukherjee, firhad (bobby) hakim, madan mitra (ministers), iqbal ahmed (mla), sovan chatterjee (mla and kolkata mayor) s m h mirza (ips officer who claimed to be taking the money on behalf of party mp mukul roy).
the timing triggered a torrent of allegations from mamatabanerjee who labeled it as a conspiracy.
but following a calcutta high court order, central forensic science laboratory certified that the video clips were not doctored.
this has triggered speculation in legal and political circles that the division bench can hand over the investigation to a central agency such as the cbi.
in that eventuality, narada will turn into a major embarrassment for mamata.
the damage that narada investigation can do to the tmc is evident from what is happening with the rose valley chit fund probe.
two tmc lok sabha mps, sudip bandyopadhyay and tapas paul are behind bars after the cbi arrested them in connection with the rose valley scam that involves about rs 15,000 crore which is about six times larger than the saradha scam of 2013.
senior bjp leaders such as kailash vijayvargiya and bengal party president dilip ghosh have said publicly that the pace of investigation in the rose valley scam will pick up once the elections are over in the five states.
on march 1, bjp leaders met cbi joint director a k singh with the demand that the pace of investigation be increased.
eight days later left leaders, too, piled on the pressure on cbi and ed officials with the same plea.
obviously the effects of up polls will fall on bengal.
the bengal chief minister and her friends hit the streets against demonetisation.
they should now apologise.
we had met with cbi officers demanding a speedy probe.
this will happen now because people want it, said dilip ghosh, state bjp president.
mamata mamatabanerjee is known for her fighting spirit.
it is unlikely that the political ground below her feet will turn slippery in the near future in bengal.
but then she will certainly be uncomfortable facing the panchayat polls in the summer of 2018.
with the saffron camp steadily expanding its influence in the districts, a re-energised investigation into the chit fund scam, not to speak of a possible probe into the narada videos, will only help bjp highlight charges of a corrupt political culture against its main rival.
federal dreams shatteredmamata banerjees aspirations of spreading her influence beyond bengal will also suffer a rude jolt as some of the players in that nebulous front have been humbled, and humiliated.
it is of little relevance that she and nitish kumar are the faces left in what she liked to call the federal front.
mamata mamatabanerjee will enjoy a national importance.
but her dream of a federal front has suffered.
modi now has the upper hand and will try and keep the bengal chief minister under pressure.
till 2019 bjp will try and keep up this pressure while simultaneously trying to spread in the state, added basu.
the up verdict will enable bjp to increase its strength in the rajya sabha.
the state sends 31 mps to the rajya sabha and the bjp is poised to emerge as the largest party in the upper house soon.
this will mean that the party will be able to pass bills, which had been a major headache for the modi government after it came to power.
trinamool congress on the other hand will lose its importance, as so far it played a key role in the lok sabha where it has 34 mps.
it has 11 mps in the rajya sabha.
however, with regional parties like aam admi party, samajwadi party, bahujan samaj party facing jolts in the assembly polls, mamatabanerjee is expected to enhance her importance in the opposition camp.
she had not only thwarted bjp so far in bengal but remains a strong opposition.
at the ground level in bengal bjp will try to spread furiously, which may result in tension and violence on the streets.
but the bjps likely expansion in bengal may be less of an immediate threat compared to the investigation blues that trinamool leaders could face.
the bloodspill that began in bengal since the bharatiya janata party (bjp) stunned mamatabanerjee banerjees trinamool congress in the general elections continued on saturday with a trinamool congress (tmc) leader being shot in the head close to bandel railway station in hooghly district, about 53 km from kolkata, police said.
dilip ram (40), the husband of a tmc gram panchayat pradhan, was crossing the rail tracks near bandel station around 9.
30 am when miscreants allegedly shot him.
he was a railway employee posted in naihati in north 24 parganas district and took a local train to work every day.
ram was rushed to hooghly imambara hospital in critical condition.
he was referred to a kolkata hospital but died on the way about three hours later, the police said.
no one has been arrested so far.
investigations are on, said chandannagar police commissioner akhilesh chaturvedi after going to the murder spot.
the ruling trinamool has accused bjp-backed miscreants for the murder.
a 24-hour shutdown has been called in the area, local chuchura mla asit majumdar said.
trinamools hoogly district chief tapan dasgupta said, ram was threatened multiple times at gunpoint by local miscreants.
chuchura mla majumdar had told the police that his life was under threat.
bjp-backed miscreants are behind the killing.
we have informed urban development minister firhad hakim and chief minister mamatabanerjee about the incident.
both majumdar and dasgupta as well as rams wife, ritu singh, alleged that biju paswan, a bjp-backed tough, had threatened to kill ram recently.
had the police taken action, rams murder could have been avoided, claimed majumdar.
the two parties have been at loggerheads ever since the bjp bagged 18 of bengals 42 lok sabha seats in the general elections, restricting the ruling tmc to just 22.
as many as 18 lives have been lost in political violence since election results were announced on may 23.
the bjp has trashed the murder allegations and hinted that tmc infighting could be behind the killing.
locket chatterjee, the bjp mp from hooghly constituency, claimed, the incident could have been the outcome of a dispute between tmc over ill-gotten wealth.
a local bjp leader, subir nag, said, the bjp does not believe in the politics of gun and violence.
we are not linked to this incident.
nag, however, alleged that ram had been in touch with the bjp and may have been contemplating a switch.
this could be why miscreants backed by the tmc killed him, nag claimed.
bengal has witnessed a bitterly fought election between the tmc and the bjp, in which the latter severely jolted the ruling party by increasing its 2014 tally of two lok sabha seats nine times.
in contrast, the tmc won 12 seats less than its 2014 tally of 34.
bharati ghosh, the bjp candidate from west bengals ghatal constituency, has kicked up a row by threatening trinamool congress workers.
in the video, reportedly shot at anandapur area in the constituency, ghosh can be seen telling two trinamool workers that she will get 1,000 men from uttar pradesh to beat up locals.
you are frightening people.
.
.
you wont allow proper conduct of vote.
do not terrify people.
(you) will be pulled out of homes and beaten like dogs, ghosh said.
ghosh, once a close aide of the chief minister mamatabanerjee , resigned in 2017, after she was transferred out of west midnapore.
she was soon accused of extortion by the state criminal investigation department.
#watch:bjp candidate from ghatal, wb & ex ips officer bharati ghosh threatens tmc workers,says,you are threatening people to not cast their votes.
i will drag you out of your houses and thrash you like dogs.
i will call a thousand people from uttar pradesh to beat you up.
(4/5) pic.
twitter.com/gvx650f6n9  ani (@ani) may 5, 2019the chief minister reacted to ghoshs remarks and asked her to stop threatening people.
if i share with people the text messages you sent me while in service you will be left nowhere.
bengal bjp chief dilip ghosh backed the former cop saying she said the right thing while the trinamool lodged a complaint with election commission of india, demanding cancellation of her candidature.
indiaupdated: sep 14, 2019 06:07 istthe calcutta high court on friday removed the protection given to former kolkata police commissioner, rajeev kumar, from arrest, paving the way for the central bureau of investigation (cbi) to interrogate and take him into custody if it felt necessary.
the court observed that if an investigating agency functions within the ambit of law, a court cannot interfere in its work.
the lawyer for the cbi confirmed the verdict removing the reprieve from arrest that kumar was enjoying, but refused to comment on whether he would be arrested now.
the shield from arrest was set to end on friday.
when asked whether rajeev kumar can appeal against the single bench verdict on friday before a division bench of the calcutta high court, the lawyer said, against criminal revision no appeal lies before the honourable high court, apart from the supreme court.
on may 30, a calcutta high court vacation bench gave kumar temporary reprieve from arrest but said that he has to appear whenever he is summoned for interrogation.
kumars lawyer had alleged in the court that the cbi was trying to harass him by summoning him repeatedly.
the court said that the agency could summon him whenever it felt necessary for questioning.
if the cbi wants, they may arrest rajeev kumar.
mamata mamatabanerjee was desperate to save him and even rushed to his residence and even held a demonstration.
the court has done the right thing.
they are now free to do whatever they want, said bharatiya janata party state president dilip ghosh, who also remarked that the verdict may put chief minister mamatabanerjee in bigger danger than the former kolkata top cop.
a trinamool congress minister refused to comment on the verdict.
in may, rajeev kumar was questioned by the officers of the central bureau of investigation (cbi) in connection with the saradha ponzi scam in which he has been accused of tampering evidence to shield influential persons.
the cbi had earlier questioned kumar about a pen drive and red diary that the special investigation team (sit), constituted by the mamatabanerjee government in 2013 and headed by him, seized from the office of saradha group.
the device and diary, allegedly seized from saradhas office in midland park in salt lake, are believed to contain information on pay offs to influential persons.
the sit had investigated the scam till 2014, when the cbi took over the probe following an order by the supreme court.
the rs 2,460-crore saradha scam is the politically most sensitive scam in bengal in which a minister (madan mitra), a rajya sabha mp (kunal ghosh) and a trinamool congress (tmc) vice-president rajat majumdar were sent to jail.
another rajya sabha mp (srinjoy bose) from the trinamool congress was also questioned.
over the past few months, the cbi unsuccessfully tried to interrogate him several times.
on february 3, when a team of cbi officers tried to reach his official residence in kolkata -- he was the commissioner of kolkata police then -- chief minister mamatabanerjee launched a sit-in demonstration against the centre accusing the bharatiya janata party (bjp) leaders of conspiring against whom she described as the most efficient police officer in the country.
the chief ministers demonstration lasted for two days.
subsequently, the cbi got to question kumar in shillong for five consecutive days in the second week of february but with a rider that he could not be arrested.
cyclone fani, one of the biggest storms to come off the indian ocean in recent years, made landfall in odishas puri on friday, indias meteorological department said.
watch: what cyclone fanis landfall at puri looked likemore than 1 million people were evacuated from vulnerable districts in last 24 hours.
on thursday, the odisha government conveyed to the national crisis management committee (ncmc), the countrys top body for handling emergency situations, that 10,000 villages and 52 towns in nine districts will be affected due to cyclone fani , a home ministry statement said after a meeting of the ncmc, which was headed by cabinet secretary pk sinha.
read: cyclone fani smacks odisha with 180 km/hr winds,damaging houses, uprooting treeshighlights:6:57 am ist rain lashes kolkata as cyclone fani hit west bengal rain lashes kolkata as cyclone fani hit west bengal by crossing kharagpur earlier today.
rain lashes kolkata as #cyclonefani hit west bengal by crossing kharagpur earlier today pic.
twitter.com/sp8ktkn2rr  ani (@ani) 4 may 20196:33 am ist cyclone fani hit west bengal by crossing kharagpur earlier today digha, west bengal: cyclone fani hit west bengal by crossing kharagpur earlier today.
digha, west bengal: #cyclonefani hit west bengal by crossing kharagpur earlier today pic.
twitter.com/5t90cjvvtu  ani (@ani) 4 may 20193:18 am ist cyclone fani hits west bengal by crossing kharagpur cyclone fani hits west bengal by crossing kharagpur; to continue further in north-east direction with the wind speed of 90 km/hour, reports news agency ani.
12:29 am ist indian navy diving team recovered bodies of 2 persons from imphal river on may 3 manipur: indian navy diving team recovered bodies of 2 persons from imphal river on may 3.
3 members of a family were reported missing at mapithel dam reservoir; one body was recovered on may 2.
team will now be deployed in rescue&relief ops in west bengal in wake of cyclone fani.
manipur: indian navy diving team recovered bodies of 2 persons from imphal river on may 3.
3 members of a family were reported missing at mapithel dam reservoir; one body was recovered on may 2.
team will now be deployed in rescue&relief ops in west bengal in wake of #cyclonefani pic.
twitter.com/cvqsevwxg3  ani (@ani) 3 may 201912:20 am ist odisha: quick reaction team of navy from ins chilka provided emergency assistance odisha: quick reaction team of navy from ins chilka provided emergency assistance in nearby villages in cutting&clearing of trees which had fallen due to #cyclonicstormfani yday.
quick reaction medical team of navy conducted mobile medical camps at various villages around chilka.
odisha: quick reaction team of navy from ins chilka provided emergency assistance in nearby villages in cutting&clearing of trees which had fallen due to #cyclonicstormfani y'day.
quick reaction medical team of navy conducted mobile medical camps at various villages around chilka pic.
twitter.com/4tjdnpr5a1  ani (@ani) 3 may 201911:55 am ist two die as tree falls on them in odishas baripada 2 youth died in baripada town of mayurbhanj after a tree fell on them following the cyclonic storm.
:ani10:00 pm ist fani moved northeastwards and weakened into severe cyclonic storm the very severe cyclonic storm moved northeastwards and weakened into a severe cyclonic storm.
the speed of the wind as of 8.
30 pm was 110-120 kmph gusting to 135 kmph.
9:45 pm ist kolkata airport to resume operations from 3 pm tomorrow kolkata airport, which had put operations on hold due to cyclone fani, is going to resume them from 3 pm tomorrow.
9:15 pm ist road clearance, restoration works underway in bhubaneswar, other cities road communication in ganjam and gajapti has been completely restored, according to a government report on the status of the storm.
road clearance and restoration works in other districts, including bhubaneswar city, is going on.
8:52 pm ist 60 ndrf teams deployed across states, 25 standby six teams have been deployed in west bengal while nine teams are standby while 38 teams have been deployed in odisha.
twelve teams are deployed in andhra pradesh and three teams are standby.
in tamil nadu and kerala, four teams have been deployed while 13 are standby.
8:40 pm ist telecom network in andhra to be fully functional by tomorrow morning while the telecom network in andhra should be fully functional by tomorrow morning, the restoration of network in puri and bhubaneswar, where extensive damage was recorded, has started.
8:25 pm ist railway permits free transportation of relief material the railways has permitted a free transportation of relief material by coaching trains to odisha, andhra pradesh and west bengal, the states affected by cyclone fani, according to a ministry of railways release.
all government and a few other organisations, as deemed fit by divisional railway managers can send relief material to the affected states free of cost.
8:10 pm ist efficiency and accuracy of rtgs praised according to an official release, odisha chief secretary aditya phadi called his andhra pradesh counterpart l v subrahmanyam and expressed his gratitude to the ap government and the services extended by rtgs.
the odisha government praised the efficiency and accuracy of the rtgs, the official release said.
7:55 pm ist odisha govt thanks andhra pradesh for help during cyclone fani the odisha government on friday thanked the andhra pradesh government for its timely support through real time governance society (rtgs) which helped minimise loss to properties and human lives in the super cyclone fani.
7:45 pm ist over 11.
5 lakh people evacuated and sheltered from 18 districts of odisha as many as 11,59,439 persons in 18 districts and one ulb have been evacuated and sheltered in 6,564 cyclone shelters in odisha.
free kitchens has been set up for them.
7:25 pm ist vizag sends relief material, medical aid to odisha additional relief material and medical teams have been augmented to odisha from visakhapatnam.
ins ranvijay and airavat with integral helicopters have also sailed from visakhapatnam with relief material including medical stores and medical teams and are proceeding to odisha to conjoin the rescue operation with ins sahyadri, ranvir and kadmatt.
7:15 pm ist 2,000 electric poles uprooted, 117 sub stations destructed in andhra as many as 2,000 electric poles have been uprooted and 117 sub stations destructed in andhra pradesh after the cyclonic storm fani hit the states coast on friday.
despite the high level of damage to the state infrastructure, no loss of life has been reported as of now.
7:00 pm ist huge patches of agricultural, horticultural land damaged in andhra pradesh as much as 553 hectares of agricultural land and 520 hectares of horticultural land has been damaged in andhra pradesh, according to the state government.
6:55 pm ist cyclone fani knocks out power, phones in odishas puri power supply has been snapped due to uprooting of electricity poles and damage to substations and kv lines has been reported.
telecom towers have also been affected, resulting in cellular and telephone network being down; all telephone and cell phones are down in puri district.
6:45 pm ist four odisha districts severely affected by cyclone fani four districts - cuttack, khordha, bhubaneswar and puri - have borne the brunt of cyclone fani, according to a report sent by the odisha government to the centre.
the report says there is extensive damage to dwelling houses.
5:50 pm ist east coast railway cancels ten more trains the east coast railway said it has cancelled ten more trains  seven trains on may 3, one train on may 4, one train on may 6 one train on may 7.
the railways had earlier cancelled 147 trains from may 1 to may 3.
5:25 pm ist odishas biju patnaik international airport after fani wreaked havoc in the state strong winds and heavy rainfall hit bhubaneswar city; visuals from biju patnaik international airport.
:ani odisha: strong winds & heavy rainfall hit bhubaneswar city; visuals from biju patnaik international airport.
#cyclonefani pic.
twitter.com/utapsbep1f  ani (@ani) may 3, 201904:55 pm ist fani to become severe when it hits kolkata, says met office the extremely severe cyclone fani will weaken into a severe cyclonic storm by the time it hits west bengal, the india meteorological department in kolkata said on friday.
the storm has already lost some severity and has turned into a very severe cyclonic storm.
by the time it enters bengal and hits kolkata it will become a severe cyclonic storm, imd kolkatas deputy director sanjib bandyopadhyay said.
04:30 pm ist fani likely to enter bangladesh by tomorrow evening: imd after making landfall this morning, cyclone fani has started weakening and its likely to enter bangladesh by tomorrow evening.
no cyclone ever had such a long duration in april, kj ramesh, director general of imd, said while speaking to reporters.
04:02 pm ist rs 1,000 crore released to affected states, says pm prime minister narendra modi said on friday the centre has released more than rs 1,000 crore to all the states, which will face the brunt of cyclone fani that made landfall near puri.
prime minister modi, who was addressing an election rally in rajasthan, said the centre is in touch with government in odisha, west bengal, andhra pradesh, tamil nadu and puducherry.
03:31 pm ist cyclone fani batters aiims bhubaneswar unit the all india institute of medical sciences (aiims) branch in bhubaneswra reported extensive damage hours after the category 4 cyclone fani made landfall on the odisha coast wreaking havoc and leaving a trail of destruction.
extensive damage to structure of aiims bhubaneswar reported.
all patients, staff, students safe.
many water tanks have blown off,lighting poles are down, air-conditioners damaged.
we have enough supplies, ready to support the state, said health secretary preeti sudan.
03:02 pm ist a girl born during cyclone is named fani a 32-year-old woman gave birth to a baby girl in odisha railway hospital today at 11:03 am.
baby has been named after the cyclonic storm, fani.
the woman is a railway employee, working as a helper at coach repair workshop, mancheswar, reports ani.
bhubaneswar: a 32-year-old woman gave birth to a baby girl in railway hospital today at 11:03 am.
baby has been named after the cyclonic storm, fani.
the woman is a railway employee, working as a helper at coach repair workshop, mancheswar.
both the mother&child are fine.
#odisha pic.
twitter.com/xhgtkfplae  ani (@ani) may 3, 201902:42 p ist one more death reported, toll goes up to 3 three killed during cyclone fani in odisha, pti quoted officials as saying.
02:03 pm ist cyclone fani is weakening, moving towards bangladesh: imd cyclone fani, the strongest storm to hit india since 2014, is weakening after barrelling into odisha, k. j. ramesh, director general of the imd, told reporters.
after making landfall this morning, cyclone fani has started weakening and its likely to enter bangladesh by tomorrow evening, he said.
no cyclone ever had such a long duration in april, he added01: 20 pm ist two dead in odisha as cyclone fani slams state: reports two people died on friday as cyclone fani slammed odisha, an official said.
i can confirm two deaths for now.
one old man in one of the shelters died because of (a) heart attack.
another person went out in the storm despite our warnings and died because a tree fell on him, odisha state special relief commissioner bishnupada sethi told afp.
01:08 pm ist entire nation with you, says pm modi to cyclone-hit states the centre is in touch with state governments in south and east india that are facing the brunt of cyclone fani, which hit the odisha coast at puri on friday morning, prime minister narendra modi said in rajasthans hindaun during an election meeting.
read details here12:48 pm ist model code relaxed in andhra pradesh model code of conduct, in place for lok sabh elections, has been relaxed in four andhra pradesh districts -- east godavari, visakapatnam, vizianagram and srikakulam -- in view of relief work required due to destruction caused by cyclone fani.
read details here12:41pm ist several trees uprooted in bhubaneswar several trees have been uprooted in bhubaneswar in the heavy rain and strong winds that hit the region on friday.
police personnel in bhubaneswar clearing the trees that fell due to strong winds brought by cyclone fani ( ani photo )12:24 pm ist airlines must immediately respond to concerns of passengers airlines must immediately respond to concerns of passengers affected by cyclone fani: civil aviation minister suresh prabhu.
12:01 pm ist indian navy to launch aerial survey to assess damage indian navys p-8i and dornier are scheduled to be launched in the afternoon for undertaking aerial survey to assess the extent of impact and devastation due to cyclone fani crossing the coast.
11.
57 am ist cyclone fani will weaken in next three hours: imd in the next 3 hours, cyclone fani is expected to weaken with a wind speed of 150-160 km per hour, subsequently it will weaken and move north-northeastwards.
by evening, it may weaken into severe cyclonic storm over extreme northern part of odisha: imd11:43 am ist kolkata airport will be shut from 3pm today to 8 am tomorrow no flight to and from kolkata airport from 3 pm today to 8 am tomorrow.
closure timing revised from earlier announced 9.
30 pm today to 6 pm tomorrow, says airports authority of india.
11.
20 am ist houses damaged, trees uprooted damaging houses, thousands of trees and electricity poles, uprooting trees, the eye of fani almost 25 km in diametre is sending off wind velocity of 150 to 175 kmph and even above at some places touching 180 or more, said the indian meteorological department (imd).
10:56 am ist mamatabanerjee cancels poll campaign to monitor situation west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee is staying in kharagpur, near the coastal belt and monitor the situation , today and tomorrow.
all her political campaigns for the two days have been cancelled.
read here10:32 am ist cyclone will move to bangladesh after weakening: imd after landfall, cyclone fani is very likely to move north-northeastwards, weaken gradually and emerge into gangetic west bengal as a severed cyclonic storm and move to bangladesh after weakening, the imd said.
10:04 am ist power cuts in bhubaneswar bhubaneswar, the state capital, faces power cuts from early morning, wears completely deserted look .
read details here9:56 am ist strong winds lash andhra pradesh, trees uprooted national disaster response force (ndrf) cutting a tree that was uprooted by strong winds, brought on by cyclone fani, in andhra pradeshs srikakulam district.
( ndrf/twitter )9:27 am ist coast guards 34 relief teams, ships in full preparedness indian coast guard has positioned 34 disaster relief teams at vizag, chennai, paradip, gopalpur, haldia, frazergunj and kolkata besides four coast guard ships at vizag and chennai9:19 am ist eye of cyclone fani will completely cross land in next 2 hrs: imd landfall started at 0800 hrs ist (0230 gmt).
part of eye lies over land at 0830.
entire process of eye entering into land will be completed in next 2 hrs, indias meteorological department tweeted.
9:08 am ist cyclone fani makes landfall in odishas puri cyclone fani has made landfall in odishas puri, reports ani.
8:53 am ist 3 lakh evacuated from ganjam district the highest number of people -- 3 lakh -- were evacuated from ganjam district while 1.
3 lakh others from puri district, said an official from the special relief commissioner (src) office.
people evacuated for safety rest in a temporary cyclone relief shelter in puri in odisha on may 3, 2019.
( afp )8:41 am ist strong winds, rain hit puri in odisha #watch odisha: strong winds and rainfall hit puri.
#cyclonefani is expected to make a landfall in puri district today.
visuals from near puri beach.
pic.
twitter.com/wc9i851cny  ani (@ani) may 3, 20198:37 am ist 5000 kitchens set up for people in shelters about 5000 kitchens started operating to serve people in the shelters, the chief ministers office said.
8:35 am ist more than 1 million people evacuated more than 1 million people have been evacuated from vulnerable districts in last 24 hours in odisha.
ganjam and puri evacuated more than 3 lakh & 1.
3 lakh people respectively to safe shelters.
will nationalist congress party chief sharad pawar emerge as the common candidate of the opposition parties for the upcoming presidential polls?
or, will former janata dal (united) president sharad yadav fit the bill better?
alternatively, what are the chances of non-bjp leaders agreeing to nominate somebody like historian irfan habib  a man unconnected with politics  for the post?
questions like these have been doing the rounds, even as regional party satraps urge the congress to take the lead in presenting a united front against the ruling nda in the presidential polls.
among the other names in circulation are that of former prime minister manmohan singh and previous lok sabha speaker meira kumar.
a new president will have to be elected before july 25, when pranab mukherjees term expires.
bihar chief minister nitish kumar and cpi(m) general secretary sitaram yechury stressed on the need for the opposition camp to forge a combined strategy, and arrive at a consensus on a common presidential candidate, in separate meetings with congress president sonia gandhi on thursday.
while the ndas thumping victory in uttar pradesh has boosted its position in the electoral college meant for picking the new president, the ruling coalition remains short of the half-way mark by around 21,000 votes.
if the non-bjp parties unite, a realistic fight can be put up.
the defeat of the nda candidate will come as a big morale booster for the opposition.
but it is up to an all-india party like the congress to take the initiative forward, said jd(u) spokesperson kc tyagi.
cpi leader d raja said that though non-bjp parties are trying to arrive at a consensus on a common candidate, they havent started discussing any names yet.
after being hammered by the bjp in the recent uttar pradesh assembly elections, opposition parties plan to join forces as a means to achieve political survival.
at a recent event held to launch the hindi version of his autobiography, pawar hinted that the congress must unite with regional parties to fight their common saffron adversary.
efforts at forming a grand alliance have gained traction in recent days.
while trinamool congress chief mamatabanerjee has initiated talks with odisha chief minister navin patnaik, both akhilesh yadavs samajwadi party and mayawatis bahujan samaj party have favoured the alliance option.
even delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal has come around to supporting the unite or perish slogan.
congress president sonia gandhi will hold discussions with west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee and bahujan samaj party chief mayawati within 10 days to discuss a strategy for fielding a common opposition candidate for the upcoming presidential election, party sources said wednesday.
a senior party functionary said congress vice-president rahul gandhi also spoke to former uttar pradesh chief minister and samajwadi party leader akhilesh yadav in this regard.
nationalist congress party chief sharad pawar, cpm general secretary sitaram yechury, bihar chief minister nitish kumar, janata dal (united) leader sharad yadav and cpis d raja have already met the congress president and stressed on the need to have a common opposition candidate to defeat the nda nominee in the presidential election.
read more: sonia to meet opposition leaders on presidential pollson monday, cpi(m) general secretary sitaram yechury described the presidential election as an acid test for opposition unity and stressed on the need for non-nda parties to ensure the victory of a candidate who can uphold the indian constitution in letter and spirit.
yechurys call found several takers, as leaders of several parties pitched for a common candidate at a conclave of opposition parties convened on monday to mark the 95th birth anniversary of late socialist leader madhu limaye.
west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on tuesday unveiled a bust of ishwar chandra vidyasagar at the hare school ground.
trinamool congress leaders, ministers in the west bengal government, as well as some spiritual leaders, attended the event to mark the unveiling of social-reformer vidyasagars bust.
as per the event schedule, the unveiled bust will now be taken from here to vidyasagar college where it will be re-installed at the same place where a similar statue was broken in may during a political clash.
moreover, the tmc chief will march to vidyasagar college to participate in the re-installation event of the bust.
the bust of vidyasagar, a 19th-century social reformer, was vandalised in clashes between bjp and tmc workers at vidyasagar college during bjp president amit shahs roadshow on may 14.
prime minister narendra modi had on may 16, promised to build a grand panch dhatu (traditional five-metal alloys of sacred significance) statue of vidyasagar at the same spot where the old one stood before being vandalized.
banerjee, however, publically denied the proposal by asserting that her state has got enough money to make the structure.
according to west bengal information and cultural department, events related to re-installation of the bust today are being organised by the states higher education and school education department in collaboration with the committee for the 200th birth anniversary of vidyasagar.
vidyasagar, who has brought great reforms in the indian society, is often touted as a man who was ahead of his time.
mostly recalled for his contribution in introducing concepts of widow-remarriage in the traditional society, he is referred to as a philosopher, writer, reformer, printer, and philanthropist.
he was most influential in campaigning for widow-remarriage and fought against many traditionalists to get an act passed in its favour.
he invoked scriptures, did print campaigns and engaged in debates to get his point across.
it was with his continuous efforts that the widow remarriage act was passed in july 1856 and the first such documented marriage also took place in kolkata.
vidyasagar was also instrumental in spreading awareness against the practice of polygamy prevalent in some sections of higher casts of society.
before getting into social reforms, vidyasagar had already devoted a large part of his life in refining the bengali education sector.
as an educator at sanskrit college, fort william college and founder of the metropolitan institution, he is credited with introducing a fixed routine and the concept of weekly offs in the education system.
metropolitan college was later renamed as ishwar chandra vidyasagar college, the place where its founders bust was smashed in may this year.
a day before opposition parties meet to decide their candidate for the presidential poll, west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on thursday batted for a consensus candidate.
she, however, claimed that the two leaders didnt talk about the presidential poll and their discussions were only confined to development issues of west bengal.
arvind kejriwals aam aadmi party indicated it was willing to join the opposition meeting, shedding its political inhibitions against the congress and some other parties.
there is no reason not to attend such a meeting.
but i am still unaware if the party has received any invitation or not.
if at all, it would have come to the office of the national convener arvind kejriwal or delhi convener gopal rai, aap spokesperson ashutosh said.
prime minister narendra modi during his meeting with west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee in new delhi on thursday.
(pti)last week, kejriwal and mamatabanerjee had an exclusive meeting where the delhi cm was convinced to support the opposition candidate.
congress president sonia gandhi will host a lunch at her residence before holding a meeting on the presidential poll at the parliament complex.
during her meeting with the modi, mamatabanerjee demanded release of funds for many projects.
of the rs 10,500 crore due, we have got only rs 2,000 crore so far.
i apprised the prime minister about the rs 8,000 crore that is still due.
he said he will look into the matter, she said.
in a setback to west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee , the supreme court on tuesday refused to interfere with the calcutta high court order that asked the cbi to conduct a preliminary inquiry into the narada sting operation.
in the video footage, a number of senior trinamool congress (tmc) leaders were seen accepting money on the promise of granting favours.
the bench of chief justice jagdish singh khehar, justice dy chandrachud and justice sanjay kishan kaul found no infirmity with the high court order directing inquiry by the central bureau of investigation (cbi).
however, the court said that the inferences and conclusions recorded by the high court in its order would not weigh with the investigating agency.
the top court also relaxed the timeline given by the high court, saying the cbi would complete the inquiry within one month from the date when high court had passed the order.
besides, the bench said that the tmc leaders who approached the apex court would have ample opportunities to assail the findings of the inquiry by the cbi.
indiaupdated: sep 04, 2019 18:11 ista fortnight after the bengal government was left red-faced when children in a school in hooghly were served rice and salt in their midday meal, it came under fire again from opposition parties after puffed rice and fried snacks were served in a primary school in howrah district on monday and tuesday.
the latest incident was even more galling as it came less than 10 days after chief minister mamatabanerjee had directed the administration to ensure frugal but nutritious meals for the students.
the incident took place at jora asshtotala primary school of bally, about 20 km away from kolkata.
there are about 100 students in the school.
manas chatterjee, headmaster of the school conceded that food was not cooked on tuesday.
i was not present in the school on monday.
food could not be cooked on tuesday as there was some trouble with the gas oven.
it has been sent for repair.
the incident sparked off a blame game among political leaders.
it has revealed the real picture of the midday meals in the state.
a mockery is continuing in the name of nutritious food.
our chief minister is saying something else and the administration is trying to hide the real picture, said tushar mukherjee, bharatiya janata party (bjp) leader and coordinator of the party in the western part of the state.
arup roy, minister and trinamool congress leader rubbished the allegations.
why are you highlighting one or two aberrations?
our government has instructed the administration to take necessary action immediately if any problem related to midday meals come to light.
the quality of food has increased during our rule.
bengal is not uttar pradesh where someone recording a video of salt and roti served as midday meal would face police complaints, added roy.
congress mla asit mitra from amta in howrah district lashed out at the chief minister over the food served to the children.
there is no difference between our state and uttar pradesh.
while roti and salt were served in up bengal has settled for puffed rice and fried snacks.
and the chief minister says that nutritious food is served in schools, mitra said.
on august 19, bjps hooghly mp locket chatterjee kicked up a storm after hundreds of girls at a school in the district about 60 km from kolkata were served rice and salt in their midday meal.
chatterjee went to the school and lashed out at the state government accusing it of corruption.
while education minister partha chatterjee announced suspension of two teachers (of the school in hooghly), on august 26 chief minister mamatabanerjee , while speaking at an administrative review meeting in east burdwan district, asked the district magistrates to ensure that rice, dal and vegetable were served to the students regularly.
following the instructions of the chief minister, administrations in different districts have begun surveys and visits to schools to detect lapses in midday meals.
in a strong reaction to west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjees comments thanking her bihar counterpart nitish kumar for his partys decision not to align with the nda outside his state, the janata dal (u) has advised her to mend her own house and leave the party to take its own decisions.
banerjee had congratulated and thanked kumar for his decision not to form alliance with the nda outside bihar.
saying thank you will not absolve her of the mistakes she has committed.
she converted bengal into a mini- pakistan, said jd (u) spokesperson ajay alok.
the party also expressed its strong displeasure over biharis being allegedly targeted in the state.
murders are taking every day in bengal, he said.
the jd(u) has decided to fight the upcoming assembly elections in jammu and kashmir, jharkhand, haryana, and delhi alone.
the decision was taken in the partys national executive meet on sunday, amid reports of its strained ties with the bjp.
the jd (u)s strong reaction comes in the backdrop of partys national vice-president prashant kishor, who is also an election strategist, deciding to assist mamatabanerjee banerjee.
this has added an element of suspicion in the relationship between bjp and jd (u), even though the latter has maintained that kishors decision has nothing to do with the party and that he is independently working for his company, ipac (indian political action committee).
a party source said the jd (u) wanted to send a message that it was in no way assisting mamatabanerjee , who is the main adversary for its ally bjp .
the jd(u) wants tmc to lose in west bengal, tyagi said after the partys national executive meeting in patna on sunday.
jd (u) has no connection with kishors professional firm, he added.
the congress and some other opposition parties are preparing to stake claim to form the next government as early as may 23 in a bid to pre-empt any invitation to the bharatiya janata party from rashtrapati bhavan if the national democratic alliance (nda) falls short of the majority mark of 272.
last week, senior congress leaders including president rahul gandhi, treasurer ahmed patel, and senior leader abhishek singhvi held a marathon meeting at gandhis residence to chalk out detailed plan for results day, two senior leaders privy to the developments told ht.
in accordance with the discussions, some drafts have been prepared by the partys legal team  led by singhvi  on how different opposition parties can express their support for a non-nda government.
also read: 22 oppn parties give ec 2 ideas on evm worries, say its a no-brainera senior congress leader said: in the possibility of a hung parliament, we may communicate to president [ram nath] kovind at the earliest opportunity.
if the nda falls short of majority, we may replicate the karnataka model and stake claim.
the final call, however, will be taken by upa [united progressive alliance] chief sonia gandhi and rahul gandhi.
in karnataka, the congress had quickly moved and offered rival jd (s) the cms chair to keep the bjp, the largest party, out of power and staked claim even as the governor invited the bjp to form government and offered time to prove majority.
singhvi, when contacted, declined to comment.
parties usually wait till the president, after being notified by the election commission (ec), calls the largest group of parties or the single-largest party to form a government.
but this time, to counter the bjp, the congress-led opposition is looking to stake the claim if the numbers dont throw up a clear majority for the nda.
the party wants to leave no stone unturned in exploring all legal chances to form a government even if the bjp gets more seats than it but the nda is short of a majority.
the indian constitution empowers the president to invite a party or a group of parties he thinks can offer a stable government.
the largest party or the largest pre-poll pact gets precedence over others.
in 2004, president apj abdul kalam invited congress chief sonia gandhi to form a government after the parliamentary polls did not throw up a clear winner.
the congress, with 145 seats, got preference over the bjp, which had 138 seats.
the congress quickly put together a post-poll alliance under the upa to form a government with outside support from the left.
this plan to come together to stake a claim has already been discussed with select friendly leaders, including andhra pradesh chief minister chandrababu naidu, communist party of india (marxist) general secretary sitaram yechury, samajwadi party chief akhilesh yadav, and bahujan samaj party supremo mayawati, according to the congress leader quoted above.
yechury, according to a second congress leader, suggested that the congress should not insist on all opposition parties to sign on a single letter of intent to form a government, but allow them to give their own letters of support - since parties such as the aam admi party or the telangana rashtriya samithi (trs) or even naveen patnaiks biju janata dal (bjd) would not be comfortable to sign a joint letter.
when contacted, yechury said, we are all fighting this election to oust the bjp.
opposition parties are committed to forming an alternative government at the centre.
let us see where we stand after the results are out.
a third congress leader said that the party brass had also okayed a plan to explore what is loosely called as a post-poll, pre-result pact by getting opposition parties to write letters to the president before the results were out.
a draft document for this purpose was prepared by the legal team and naidu was entrusted to talk to other opposition leaders to bring them on board.
but west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee and yechury opposed the plan and said that the parties must wait for the final verdict.
the congress has started reaching out to fence-sitters such as the bjd and trs through senior leader kamal nath and ncp chief sharad pawar, the third leader said.
the bengal government has slapped sections of unlawful activities (prevention) act, generally used against terrorists, against bhangar land agitators.
these sections  16 and 18 of uapa  are related to acts of terrorism and conspiracy and carry capital punishment as the maximum sentence.
uapa has been slapped against 11 people including two leaders of maoist outfit cpi(ml)(red star)  sharmistha choudhury and pradip singh thakur .
the remaining nine are villagers, including a student set to appear for their higher secondary examinations this year.
police has slapped uapa sections against those arrested in connection with the bhangar incident.
we would oppose it.
there is no ground for such sections in this case, rangta munshi, one of the lawyers for defendants, told ht.
the next hearing is on february 8.
sections of ipc and west bengal maintenance of public order act were also slapped against those arrested.
we will protest.
we have always demanded repeal of ua(p)a.
in this case how can the police brand land agitators as terrorists, said sujata bhadra, prominent human rights activist, who was a supporter of mamatabanerjee during her singur and nandigram struggle.
cpi(ml)(red star) the little known maoist party that led the agitation participates in elections and is a critic of the maoists.
they formed jomi, jibika, poribesh o bastutantra raksha committee (committee to protect land, livelihood, environment and ecosystem) and prevented the police from entering the area for seven days.
chattradhar mahato, one of the faces of the maoist movement in lalgarh in west midnapore district, along with three others were the first ones to be convicted under uapa in bengal in may 2015.
incidentally, the buddhadeb bhattacharjee government did not slap uapa sections during the singur and nandigram movements between 2006 and 2009.
after the bhangar unrest, the chief minister asked the police to take strong steps and find out the agitation.
andhra pradesh chief minister chandrababu naidu has ruled himself out of the prime ministerial race, should no party get a clear majority in the lok sabha.
the telugu desam party (tdp) leader was named by two top leaders of the coalition, former pm and janata dal (secular) leader hd deve gowda and nationalist congress party chief sharad pawar, as a possible pm candidate if the ruling bharatiya janata party (bjp) loses.
naidu said his decision has been conveyed to the others.
i said very clearly that i am not an aspirant for pm.
i am doing this now through the media.
i am only here to move things forward, he told ht in an interview.
on the day that his review petition (along with other opposition leaders) to have 50  vvpats (paper trail machines) matched with evm (electronic voting machines) counts was dismissed by the supreme court, naidu said that his decision is influenced by a desire to focus his attention on his state which is still new.
the 69-year-old leader said the pms post is something he was offered decades ago and even then he said no.
in 1995-96, i got an opportunity twice to be prime minister, during deve gowdas selection and ik gujrals selection.
the job was first offered to me and then they asked deve gowda ji.
he was also reluctant and we all then chose jyoti basu, but cpm [communist party of india - marxist] said no.
at the time, naidu was the convener of the united front.
naidus peer from telengana, k chandrashekar rao is currently meeting leaders of other regional parties, pitching for a non-bjp, non-congress front, but naidu says this has worked only once in the past, during the united front government in 1996, but that even then it was with the support of the congress.
if he wasnt keen on being prime minister, naidu wasnt very encouraging of bahujan samaj party leader mayawatis articulated aspirations either.
if anyone will come out openly, then there will be confusion.
some people may come out , but some [other] people have overall interest of the nation.
so we have to maintain restraint.
on sunday, mayawati hinted at her aspirations in an election meeting at ambedkar nagar.
so is the andhra chief minister partial to his friend, west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee (also named as a possible pm by pawar)?
he refused to comment but says he is sure of one thing - all of the leaders on his side, be it mayawati, mamatabanerjee or akhilesh yadav, are better contenders than prime minister narendra modi.
narendra modi keeps asking who is the leader in the opposition and i keep saying, every leader in the opposition is as strong or better than narendra modi, he said.
hes not done anything positive, he is only an election prime minister.
naidu added that it is almost as if elections were modis hobby and said that never in the past have pms attacked local leaders, stooping to that level.
naidu also took issue with modis recent reference to the late rajiv gandhi that at the time of his death he was bhrashtachari no1 (the most corrupt person).
generally in india, if someone dies, you wouldnt refer to it; that is our culture.
even after death, 28 years, is it right to bring it up?
asked naidu.
modis performance is poor, naidu said.
balakot [the air strike against pakistan] also failed, attacking opposition also failed, gujarat model also failed, now he is bringing in those who died.
naidu, among the first tech-savvy politicians in the country, is also not impressed by modis use of technology, especially social media saying this is for personal gains, not for public consumption.
he added: i used it for public purpose, there is a difference.
i promoted technology during vajpayee government and recommended deregulation of the telecom sector.
and thats what chandrababu naidu with his democratic front is hoping voters will see.
he is trying to convince other opposition leaders to meet after voting on may 19 to decide on a common pm candidate.
here are the top stories to bring you up to date on the news today.
your pan card could be invalid without aadhaar by december.
heres what you need to dopermanent account numbers (pan) not linked to aadhaar cards will likely become invalid after december 31, a government source said on thursday, as the centre pushes to widen the use of the 12-digit biometric identity project.
currently, all taxpayers need to have a pan number to file income tax return but others, such as students outside the tax bracket, also use the card as a proof of identity.
heres a guide to how you can link your aadhaar with pan.
read the full story here.
around 250 feared dead on black day in the mediterraneanover 250 african migrants were feared drowned in the mediterranean thursday after a charitys rescue boat found five corpses close to two sinking rubber dinghies off libya.
the uns refugee agency (unhcr) said it was deeply alarmed after the golfo azzuro, a boat operated by spanish ngo proactiva open arms, reported the recovery of the bodies close to the drifting, partially-submerged dinghies, 15 miles off the libyan coast.
read the full story here.
mamata backs advani as next president but says will back even sushma or sumitrabengal chief minister mamatabanerjee has said she would be happy to see bjp patriarch lk advani as the next president of india but would not mind if union minister sushma swaraj or lok sabha speaker sumitra mahajan became the countrys first citizen.
the comments came during a tv interview to a bengali channel that was aired on thursday night.
read the full story here.
hit-and-run politics wont work, says sm krishna after joining bjpveteran congress leader sm krishna resigned from the congress in january taking potshots at the party for being in a state of confusion and joined the bjp on wednesday.
as long as sonia gandhi was in the saddle, i was very comfortable in the congress party.
but for the past three years leaders like me were made to feel unwanted.
dynastic politics without giving any importance to competence is the bane of congress party, krishna told hindustan times in a free-wheeling interview.
politics is a serious business.
it is not a hit-and-run job nor is it a part-time job, said krishna without taking rahuls name.
read the full story here.
mumbai doctors call off strike after cm devendra fadnavis security assurancea section of resident doctors from maharashtra association of resident doctors (mard) called off the protest late on thursday night after chief minister devendra fadnavis assurance that public hospitals will be provided with more security.
home department sources told ht three hospitals in mumbai will be provided round-the-clock security guards.
read the full story here.
22-year-old arrested in greater noida for facebook post on yogi adityanatha 22-year-old youth was arrested by the greater noida police on thursday for allegedly posting objectionable content against newly elected uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath on his facebook wall.
a complaint was lodged against accused rahat khan by members of the hindu yuva vahini, a youth group founded by adityanath, in dankaur police station on thursday evening.
acting on the complaint, the police nabbed khan, who runs a jan suvidha kendra (public utility center) in dankaur.
read the full story here.
nsa ajit doval to meet us defence secretary james mattisnational security adviser ajit doval and us defence secretary james mattis will meet in washington dc to discuss a wide range of strategic and defence issues.
mr doval is also expected to meet his american counterpart lieutenant general hr mcmaster at the white house, the first meeting between the two national security advisors.
jnu students extend strike; hrd minister javadekar defends seat cutjnu students union has decided to extend its strike against the massive seat cut in mphil and phd courses even as hrd minister prakash javadekar defended the varsitys decision saying it follows ugc norms.
the students had earlier called for a one-day strike but decided to it for two more days and hold a protest demonstration outside the university grants commissions office.
paulinho scores hat-trick as brazil thrash uruguay in fifa world cup qualifierchina-based midfielder paulinho scored a hat-trick as brazil thrashed uruguay 4-1 to move to the brink of the world cup finals at montevideo on thursday.
barcelona superstar neymar scored brazils other goal with a cheeky lob as the five-time world champions opened up a seven-point lead at the top of the south american qualifying standings.
homelessness: census data shows three of indias worst six districts in delhithree delhi districts are among indias six worst in terms of the number of homeless people as a share of the general population.
while nearly three in every thousand delhiites are homeless, they are not evenly distributed, an ht analysis of the 2011 census reveals.
in delhis central district, more than 15 in every thousand residents are homeless.
the figure is more than 14 for new delhi, the citys power district, and about nine for north district.
homelessness is relatively low in other delhi districts.
east, south west, north west, and north east districts have fewer than two homeless people per thousand.
read the full story here.
you may also want to read:the rise of the yogi; review of yogi adityanath and the hindu yuva vahinifrom everything we have heard about yogi adityanaths way with votes, it would seem the man has never felt a tinge of electoral insecurity in his 19-year-old political career.
but it turns out uttar pradeshs new chief minister had to work his way to electoral invincibility.
senior journalist dhirender k jhas 35-page book, which reads like a meticulous magazine profile, details the lowest point in the five-time mps electoral journey to show why he may never fear losing an election again.
read the full story here.
yogi adityanath takes charge as cm: ups hindutva fringe feels empowereda land where ram and krishna were born is now in safe hands.
the dream of establishing a hindu empire in this land now appears to be coming true, says manoj kashyap, convenor of the rashtrawadi pratap sena (rps), in northern uttar pradeshs shahjahanpur.
the rps is one among ups wide network of hindu groups cheering yogi adityanaths ascent as chief minister of the state.
together, they view the hindu hardliners takeover of political power as a licence to press on with the mission of creating a hindu rashtra.
read the full story here.
the karnataka election results need to be seen in two dimensions.
the first is a mix of the mathematical and the political.
the congress, which won 78 seats, has announced its decision to back the janata dal(s), which won 38 (including one seat of its partner the bsp), effectively signalling its willingness to be the minority partner of the latter, or even support its government from outside.
the jd(s) has said that it will accept this backing, and that hd kumaraswamy will be the chief minister of the state.
there are also reports that the bharatiya janata party, which won 104 seats, and is the single largest party in the 222-member assembly (voting in two constituencies has been deferred), has reached out to the jd(s).
both the congress and the bjp are clearly desperate to keep the other party out.
the focus now shifts to the governor.
he has met both parties and will likely take a call on wednesday.
it is possible that he will call the single largest party to form the government, ignoring the claims of the congress and the jd(s) because they did not have a pre-poll alliance.
that wont be without precedent.
of course, he could also choose to invite the jd(s) and the congress, despite them not having an alliance ahead of the polls.
that, too, wouldnt be without precedent.
the governors discretion clearly matters, but given that he is an appointee of the nda government, he will likely go with the first option.
the bjp will then have to prove its majority within a certain time frame, perhaps a week.
that means karnataka should get ready for a week of whats popularly known as resort politics, with one grouping trying to prevent its legislators from being influenced or poached by the other.
to prove its majority, the bjp will either have to get 40  of the legislators of the jd (s) or the congress to break away or get some to abstain when the voting happens in the house.
the second is the message in the verdict, which should not be obscured by all the manoeuvering currently on.
the results proved, though, that public memory isnt short; that 18 months of election-focused work cant erase 36 months of inefficiency.
of the 30 cabinet ministers in siddaramiahs government, 17 lost in the elections (the cm himself lost in one of the two constituencies from which he contested).
thats as strong an anti-incumbency wave as can be.
for almost three-and-half years of his tenure in karnataka, chief minister siddaramiah didnt do much.
an agrarian crisis, aided by two successive droughts, took its toll.
public infrastructure, in bengaluru and other parts of the state, crumbled.
meanwhile, congress legislators appeared to be getting richer (although, to be fair, this seems to be a universal truth for legislators across the country and across party lines).
in the last 18 months of his tenure, though, mr siddaramiah went into overdrive.
he launched a rash of welfare schemes.
the weather gods were kind to him too: last year, karnataka received normal rainfall (another drought would have been disastrous).
he hired a really smart social media team that always seemed to have the last word in repartees with prime minister narendra modis own team.
and for everyone looking for someone who could take the fight to mr modi (and many were), mr siddaramiah became the man.
those 18 months, with the benefit of hindsight, may have only bettered the congress tally in the elections (which means it could have done worse otherwise), but ahead of the polls, they only served to exaggerate the partys chances.
the congress decision to back the jd(s) isnt surprising.
its been clear for some time now that the only way to defeat the bjp is for all its relevant major rivals to come together.
this happened in the by-elections in uttar pradesh.
the congress must be ruing the fact that it didnt strike an alliance with the jd(s).
still, neither the congress nor the bjp is likely to be celebrating the jd(s) performance.
the partys strong showing could strengthen calls for a non-bjp, non-congress federal front in 2019, although such third fronts usually flatter, only to deceive.
bahujan samaj party chief mayawati campaigned along with the jd(s) in karnataka, with the latter indicating support for her prime ministerial aspirations in 2019 that already seem to have the silent endorsement of the samajwadi party.
other possible constituents of such a front, including trinamool congress chief mamatabanerjee , also have similar ambitions  one reason why such partnerships rarely last  but the continued relevance of strong regional parties, if only in pockets, will remain an irritant for both the congress and the bjp.
the bjp has another big worry as well  one that was evident during its campaign.
its win in karnataka was largely on account of prime minister narendra modi.
many of its other leaders failed to connect with the electorate.
and while its chief ministerial candidate bs yeddyurappa won his own seat comfortably, he was not at the forefront of the partys campaign; mr modi was.
indeed, the bjp seemed to be fighting two campaigns in karnataka, one with mr modi as the star campaigner and party president amit shah as the backroom brain; and another with mr yedyyurappa and the reddys of bellary, both tainted by corruption scandals dating back to when the bjp was last in power in the state, but still very politically relevant.
mr modi carried the day for the bjp, which, while it adds to the mans own myth, should also worry the party at one level.
even factoring in mr modis obvious (and phenomenal) stamina on the campaign trail, how much can one man do?
the date of the bengal rural elections will be finalised by a division bench after verifying security arrangements across the state, the calcutta high court stated on tuesday, possibly throwing a spanner in the state election commissions plans to hold the polls on may 14.
pulling up the poll panel for not ensuring adequate security arrangements, the single-judge bench of justice subrata talukdar said a division bench will determine the polling date after conducting a proper evaluation.
the judge was hearing multiple petitions filed by the bjp, cpi(m) and the party for democratic socialism (pds) in this regard.
opposition parties have accused the ruling trinamool congress of resorting to violence and intimidation tactics ahead of the rural polls.
significantly, a record 34.
2  of the 58,692 seats at the gram panchayat, panchayat samiti and zilla parishad levels were won by trinamool candidates without contest.
on april 20, justice talukdar had ordered the state election commission to extend the deadline for filing nominations by a day.
he was responding to allegations by opposition parties that trinamool supporters prevented a number of their candidates from submitting nomination papers.
ten days later, the judge observed that the poll body was not doing enough to ensure proper security in the run-up to the elections.
opposition parties expressed their appreciation for the court ruling.
we are glad that the court has focused on the security aspect (of the elections).
it stated that the polling date can be announced only after security arrangements are finalised, said pds general secretary samir putatunda.
bjp bengal unit general secretary pratap mamatabanerjee also welcomed the high courts decision.
there is widespread apprehension that people will not be able to cast their votes freely and fairly, especially after what happened during the nomination phase.
we only want to ensure free-and-fair elections, not stop the polls, he said.
bikash bhattacharyya, advocate and cpi(m) leader, said it was clear that the single bench was not satisfied with security arrangements.
this is why the court said that may 14 is not the final date.
i feel it will not be possible for the state election commission to satisfy the court on the issue of security arrangements, he added.
but kalyan mamatabanerjee , lok sabha mp and advocate for the trinamool congress, believed it was still too premature for opposition parties to start rejoicing.
the court has only ruled that polling on may 14 is tentative.
polling will be held on that day if the court is satisfied with the security arrangements, he said, accusing the pds and cpi(m) of teaming up to stop the elections.
justice talukdar had earlier asked the state election commission to finalise the poll schedule after holding meaningful discussions with all the major stakeholders.
however, the opposition parties later alleged that they were not approached for any talks in this regard.
the discussions were held only with the state government, remarked bjp state president dilip ghosh.
chief minister mamatabanerjee wanted the elections to be held before the start of the ramzan month, possibly on may 16.
incidentally, all the five phases of the 2013 panchayat polls were held during that period.
state election commission chief ak singh had announced three-phase polling on may 1, 3 and 5 in a notification issued on march 31.
however, the poll body later switched to a single-phase schedule on may 14 without offering any reason.
justice talukdar has fixed may 4 as the next date of hearing in the case.
defying warnings of punitive action by chief minister mamatabanerjee , the stir by junior doctors in west bengal continued for the fourth consecutive day on friday with hundreds of doctors in state-run hospitals writing to the authorities saying they would like to resign from their services.
between thursday and friday afternoon, as many as 642 doctors - professors, associate professors, assistant professors and medical officers - have written to the authorities.
the spate of threats to resign followed after the chief minister on thursday ruled out any discussion with the agitating doctors.
the mass resignation has only symbolic value.
individuals wishing to resign must do so on their own and it is up to the government to decide whether to accept their resignation or not.
an elaborate procedure follows.
watch | doctors protest in wb part of conspiracy by bjp, cpm: mamatabanerjee banerjeethe cease work by the junior doctors has severely affected services in all departments of the medical colleges.
the out patients department (opd), which have the highest footfall in any hospital, were closed.
emergency and the departments for radiology and pathology were affected too.
even indoor services were affected.
if junior doctors, who form the bulk of the medics in any hospital stay away from work, its natural that seniors cannot fill the gap.
and since many senior doctors expressed their intention to resign, one can imagine the situation, said a senior doctor at the howrah district hospital.
though no figures were officially available, a health department officer said that the number of junior doctors - interns, house staff and post graduate trainees  was between 2,500 and 3,000.
the establishments where doctors submitted resignations were r g kar medical college and hospital (126), sskm hospital (175), n r s medical college and hospital (108), north bengal medical college and hospital (119), national medical college and hospital (16), murshidabad medical college and hospital (45), burdwan medical college and hospital (35) and college of medicine & sagore dutta hospital (18).
in the national capital, union health minister harsh vardhan pinned the blame for the escalation of protests by doctors on the chief minister and asked her not to make it a prestige issue.
doctors are feeling insecure.
i would urge them to return to work in the interest of the common people, but continue their protest, said bharatiya janata party bengal unit president dilip ghosh.
congress mp adhir chowdhury said, the relatives of the patients are waiting for an immediate solution but the cm has made the situation complex.
she will be solely responsible if the doctors stop work across the state.
hearing a public interest case, a division bench of calcutta high court on friday asked the state government to provide details by the date of the next hearing on june 21, of the steps taken by it following the june 10 attack on the junior doctors at kolkatas n r s medical college and hospital.
the indian medical association has called for a nationwide strike on june 17.
in hospitals such as r g kar and sskm, senior doctors gathered at the campus to express wholehearted support for the agitating junior doctors and demanded that the chief minister apologise for the statements she made on thursday against the agitators.
the number of resignations is growing by the hour.
at least 60 professors, associate and assistant professors have already written in, expressing their desire to resign.
and that number is likely to go up, said debarati bardhan, a doctor of r g kar at 2 pm on friday.
for the past few years, attacks on doctors have happened repeatedly.
instead of understanding our concern for the lack of safety, the chief minister threatened us on thursday, said nirmal bera, the head of psychiatry in north bengal medical college and hospital.
on thursday night, some senior tmc leaders demanded we lift the strike.
they abused and even threatened to kill us, alleged arpan mukherjee, a house staff of murshidabad medical college and hospital.
mamata banerjees party trinamool congress denies the charge and insists that the doctors were being prompted.
there is no question of threatening any junior doctor.
on thursday night, after a discussion with us, they agreed to lift the strike.
but later, they might have been instigated to change their opinion, said murshidabad tmc mp, abu taher khan.
during the day, members of kolkatas civil society stood by the agitating doctors.
film director-actor aparna sen, theatre personality kaushik sen and composer debojyoti mishra went to nrs medical college and hospital and urged the chief minister to soften her stand, speak to the doctors and find a solution.
in the afternoon, the doctors held a protest march in the city.
in a post that contradicted the cms stand, trinamool lok sabha mp deepak adhikari posed a question on social media: why would those who save our lives, be attacked repeatedly?
the stir was triggered when a doctor, paribaha mukherjee was critically injured in the head after he was beaten up in nrs by the relatives of an octogenarian patient md shayeed, who died on monday.
the agitation spread throughout the state from tuesday onwards.
after remaining silent for two days, mamatabanerjee , on thursday visited sskm hospital and not only ruled out talks with the agitators, but also threatened to invoke the essential services maintenance act against the doctors, eviction from hostels (if they did not return to work) and punitive action.
she had also alleged that they are falling prey to instigation by political parties.
on friday, cm mamatabanerjee did not make any comment except for pointing out that a protesting doctor at nrs medical college on thursday was attached to a hospital in salt lake, and was therefore an outsider.
she was underscoring the point she made on thursday, that outsiders had joined the agitation.
west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on thursday accused the election commission of being partial and said it was behaving like bjps brother.
she said bjp destroyed the 200-year-old heritage of west bengal and those supporting the party will not be accepted by society.
last night we came to know that bjp had filed a complaint with ec so that we cant hold any meeting after narendra modis meeting.
ec is brother of bjp, earlier it was an impartial body now everyone in the country says it is batting for the bjp, mamatabanerjee was quoted as saying by news agency ani.
also read| lok sabha elections 2019: campaigns curbed after fierce bengal showdownthe trinamool chief, who was addressing an election rally in bengals mathurapur, said she is not scared to speak the truth and ready to go to jail.
a statue of renowned 19th century reformer, ishwar chandra vidyasagar, was destroyed and a college named after him ransacked in the violence on tuesday.
both the bjp and the trinamool congress leaders have blamed on each other for the violence and destruction of the statue.
mamata mamatabanerjee reacted sharply to prime minister narendra modis statement that a new statue of vidyasagar will be built at the same spot and said that bengal does not need alms from the bjp.
he (modi) has said in uttar pradesh that they will build a statue of vidyasagar.
we will not accept it.
bengal has the money to build the statue of vidyasagar.
.
.
bengal does not want alms from you, she said.
at a rally in up on friday, pm modi said that trinamool goons had destroyed the vidyasagar statue during a rally by bjp chief amit shah.
mamata mamatabanerjee dared pm modi to prove his claim that trinamool congress supporters desecrated the statue.
we have video proofs that you (bjp) desecrated it.
and you are saying that trinamool congress has done it!
arent you ashamed?
this prime minister should perform sit-ups, not once but innumerable times, holding his ears for telling lies, she said.
she said the bjp wont be spared and will be dragged behind the bars.
if you vandalise the statue of b r ambedkar, building it once again does not suffice.
if you desecrate the statue of gandhiji, or maulana abul kalam azad or tagore or netaji subhas chandra bose, it does not suffice, mamatabanerjee thundered.
income tax officials on sunday launched nationwide raids on sunday, targeting at least four dozen locations in madhya pradesh and delhi, all residences and offices of people linked to chief minister kamal nath.
those raided include naths former officer on special duty pravin kakkar, former advisor rajendra miglani and executives linked to his brother-in-laws firm moser baer and his nephew ratul puris company, hindustan powerprojects pvt ltd, it, and finance ministry officials said on condition of anonymity.
the ostensible reason for the searches was tax evasion, according to the it officials, who claimed they had information on this.
they added that they suspect movement of money through hawala channels during the ongoing poll season.
searches on miglani and kakkar, as an outcome of credible information of movement of cash, are being conducted.
50 premises have been covered.
~9 crore cash has been recovered till 3 pm (on sunday).
the counting is still on.
several incriminating documents have been found, a cbdt official with direct knowledge of the matter said requesting anonymity.
in a statement, chief minister kamal nath said: it will be appropriate to comment [on i-t raids] only when the situation regarding the raids becomes clear but entire country knows as to how and against whom they [the bjp] have been using constitutional bodies for the past 5 years.
they use these bodies to frighten [others].
when they have nothing to say on development they use such sinister design against opponents.
when bjp sees imminent defeat in lok sabha polls it has resorted to such actions to draw advantage in the election.
in the assembly elections held last year too they had adopted similar tactics, he added.
miglani said he was in chhindwara.
i dont know about the raids, he said, while kakkar couldnt be reached for a comment.
madhya pradesh congress media in charge shobha oza said: the raids are an outcome of prime minister narendra modis frustration caused by bjps defeat in three states (madhya pradesh, chattisgarh, and rajasthan, in late 2018).
raids were carried out to malign the image of congress party and exert pressure on it during the lok sabha elections.
interestingly, in a blog released on sunday, union minister arun jaitley said: the past few days have witnessed several cases where the election commission and the revenue authorities, both separately and acting jointly, trying to curb the use of black money in elections.
these actions have been particularly significant in states like karnataka, tamil nadu, andhra pradesh, north-east and madhya pradesh.
the election commission and the income-tax authorities work in close tandem during elections.
the raids in bhopal and indore began at about 3 am, and were conducted by it officers who came from delhi and were accompanied by crpf personnel.
there was a heated exchange of words on sunday evening between the madhya pradsh police and the crpf personnel at platinum plaza, where the income tax department was conducting raids.
the raids were conducted at kakkars indore bungalow, his office, a marriage venue owned by him; and another flat.
the raids in bhopal were conducted at kakkars official residence at nadir colony at shayamala hills,and residence of two of his associates, ashwini sharma at platinum plaza , and prateek joshi at shyamala hills.
both kakkar and miglani had resigned from their posts just before the lok sabha polls were declared.
searches on miglani and kakkar, as an outcome of credible information of movement of cash, is being conducted.
50 premises has been covered.
rs 9 crore cash has been recovered till 3pm (on sunday).
the counting is still on, a cbdt official with direct knowledge of the matter said, requesting anonymity.
though there was no information on cash seized, bharatiya janata party national general secretary kailash vijayvargiya tweeted: black money worth crores has been recovered from @officeofkamalnaths personal secretary.
income tax officials in madhya pradesh who spoke on condition of anonymity said that apart from cash, soma diaries, with names of officers of the indian administrative service and indian police service have also been seized, and that the teams conducting the raids could also target kakkars bank lockers.
note counting machines were brought to sharmas residence while the raid was going on.
kakkar, a former madhya pradesh police officer, was appointed osd to nath after the congress came to power in the state last year.
he had earlier served as osd to former union minister kantilal bhuria during the upa regime.
miglani, who has been associated with kamal nath for many years, was appointed an adviser to the cm kamal nath last year in 2018.
ratul puri is under scanner of enforcement directorate for an alleged money laundering case related to the augusta westland vvip chopper scam.
a statement issued by his company said: ratul puri issues a categorical denial of having any connection or involvement of any kind in defence or the augusta westland case.
he will be fully cooperating with the ed investigation and provide any clarification or information as may be required.
it wasnt immediately clear whether sundays raids have anything to do with this.
according to the madhya pradesh it officials, the raiding teams from delhi arrived in the state, along with around 150 crpf personnel two days ago.
they arrived as tourists in five traveller buses and three suvs.
the local police was not informed before conducting the raids as, as per official sources, they apprehended a west bengal like conflict here in madhya pradesh too with the local police.
the incident comes over a month after the face-off betweenkolkata police and officials of the central bureau of investigation in west bengal in february.
chief minister mamatabanerjee sat on a dharna after a team of cbi officials reached the residence of then kolkata police commissioner rajeev kumar to question him in connection with saradha chit fund scam.
state bjp spokesperson rajneesh agrawal said, by standing by kakkar and miglani congress has proved that its for black money, not for any action against it.
congress previous records show it has always been with corruption.
chief electoral officer, madhya pradesh vl kantharao said, if income tax department gives any report to me then i will be able to comment on this.
pm modi meets angela merkel, kerala cm says cattle order violates spirit of federalism, malware judy infecting android smartphones, some of ramdevs patanjali products fail quality test.
top stories to bring you up to date:pm modi asks europe to take lead role in tackling terrorism, has very good interaction with merkelprime minister narendra modi said on monday he had a very good interaction with german chancellor angela merkel as he met the leader at her country retreat near berlin for informal talks.
modi, who arrived in berlin earlier in the day to start his six-day, four-nation tour of germany, spain, russia and france, also urged europe to play a lead role in tackling the menace of terrorism.
modis accompanying delegation of senior ministers, including commerce minister nirmala sitharaman, energy minister piyush goyal, and mos for external affairs m j akbar, are also holding talks with their german counterparts.
read the story here.
beef politics hots up: mamatabanerjee , pinarayi vijayan up ante against cattle trade rulesthe central governments new curbs on the sale and purchase of animals have brought the opposition and the ruling bjp into conflict.
west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee and the cpm, which rules kerala, spoke in a rare voice of unity between the two arch rivals against the narendra modi government.
kerala chief minister pinarayi vijayan urged his counterparts to raise their voice against the restrictions on cattle trade, saying the centres anti-federal, anti-democratic and anti-secular move is an attempt to usurp power from the state governments.
read the story here.
ban on cattle sale a negation of democratic principle: keralas pinarayi vijayan writes to cmskerala chief minister pinarayi vijayan on monday wrote to chief ministers of all other states against the centres decision to enforce new regulation on cattle sale.
vijayan called the move a clear violation of the spirit of federalism and wrote unless we stand together and oppose this anti-federal, anti-democratic and anti-secular move, it may mark the beginning of a series of similar measures aimed at destroying the federal democratic fabric and secular culture of our country.
read the full letter here.
be cautious, exercise restraint: chinas message after modi northeast visitchina asked india on monday to be cautious and exercise restraint over building infrastructure in arunachal pradesh, days after prime narendra modi launched the countrys longest bridge linking assam with the state claimed by beijing.
we hope india adopts a cautious and restrained attitude on the issue before the final settlement of the border issue with china to jointly control disputes, safeguard peace and tranquillity in the border areas, the chinese foreign ministry said.
read the story here.
up minister sparks row over beer bar inauguration pic, adityanath seeks reportphotographs of uttar pradesh minister swati singh purportedly inaugurating a beer bar have gone viral on social media, stirring a controversy on monday with opposition parties questioning if this was the true face of the bharatiya janata party government.
in the pictures, swati, the minister of state for agriculture exports (independent charge), is seen cutting a ribbon with a group of people, including some bureaucrats, standing next to her.
in the face of criticism, chief minister yogi adityanath asked the minister to explain her stand.
read the story here.
after wannacry, a new threat: 36.
5mn android users may have been hit by judya malware called judy is infecting millions of android smartphones across the world -- close on the heels of wannacry holding computers at ransom, says a report.
according to security solutions firm check point, the malware -- judy -- uses infected devices to generate large amounts of fraudulent clicks on advertisements, generating revenues for the perpetrators behind it.
read the story here.
ramdevs patanjali products fail uttarakhand quality testnearly 40  of ayurveda products, including items from baba ramdevs patanjali, were found to be of substandard quality by haridwars ayurveda and unani office, a right to information (rti) reply revealed.
out of the 82 samples collected between 2013 and 2016, 32 failed the quality test.
patanjalis divya amla juice and shivlingi beej were among the products that failed to meet the quality standards.
read the story here.
26,500 indian job seekers in saudi arabia to return under amnesty schemeover 26,500 job-seekers  who were staying in saudi arabia either without valid documents or overstayed their visas with a hope to get another job  are slated to return home under a 90-day amnesty scheme announced by the kingdom in april.
indian officials said this was an opportunity for the nationals to correct their status in the kingdom and return to work in saudi should they get opportunities in future.
there are 30 lakh indians in saudi arabia, which makes it the largest expatriate community in the kingdom.
and the kingdom is home to largest indian passport holders outside india.
read the story here.
dramatic video shows migrants being rescued from burning boat in spainmore than 30 migrants were rescued at the weekend off the coast of spain after their rubber speed boat caught fire, forcing them into the water in a dramatic moment caught on camera and broadcast on monday.
the video tweeted by eu border agency frontex shows the 34 migrants travelling on board a black boat on sunday when flames suddenly erupted at the back near the engine, and rapidly spread through the small vessel.
read the story here.
british airways chief denies it glitch due to outsourcing to india, wont resignchief executive of the british airways alex cruz on monday ruled out resigning over the crippling flight disruption and maintained that the computer glitch had nothing to do with cutting costs or outsourcing it services to india.
cruz said a power surge, had only lasted a few minutes, but the back-up system of the airline had not worked properly.
he said the it failure was not due to outsourcing of it work from uk to india.
read the story here.
trump defends kushner, administration against what he calls fake newsreturning home from a nine-day overseas trip, us president donald trump has plunged headlong into the ongoing russia probe controversy, determined to defend his administration and his son-in-law jared kushner from its growing reach.
trump started by lashing out against the coverage of the probe, tweeting, it is my opinion that many of the leaks coming out of the white house are fabricated lies made up by the #fakenews media.
in another tweet, he posted: whenever you see the words sources say in the fake news media, and they dont mention names it is very possible that those sources dont exist but are made up by fake news writers.
#fakenews is the enemy!
read the story here.
west bengals mamatabanerjee government on friday sprung a surprise by fielding former indian cricket captain sourav ganguly as the maiden speaker at its two-day business summit to woo industrialists.
admitting that he was really surprised to have received a call a week back from finance and industries minister amit mitra to speak a few words at the start of this global meet, ganguly nevertheless batted well on a new track, much in the same manner he used to step out to bowlers during his playing career.
he made an impassioned plea to business captains to invest in the eastern state.
please come to the state of west bengal, support the people of west bengal, because when you invest it decides the future of a lot of young people.
a lot of young boys and girls in the age of 24-30 look up to you to take this state forward, said the local boy.
he also had some good words for chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjee.
i know under the leadership of our chief minister, you will receive enormous support and facilities.
so please be here.
please be in kolkata, said ganguly, as he was heard with rapt attention by the over 4000 delegates on the milan mela ground.
ganguly said he has grown up in the sporting world, but pointed out that sports business is one of the biggest business in the country because of the passion of the thousands of people who love watching the game, whether it is cricket, football or any other sport.
he also referred to his small business background and said i understand what it feels to be part of this global meet.
refering to his presence at the bgbs last year, ganguly recalled the speech delivered by reliance industries chairman mukesh ambani then.
that was my first visit to the global summit, and i was amazed at the way he spoke about bengal, about the way his jio service were supported in our state and the way in which he has been able to take the business venture forward.
in an indirect reference to west bengals industrial decline over the decades, he said, we have heard a lot of talk about the state of west bengal, and its attitude to business.
but in the last few years, we have seen a lot of support to a lot of business fraternity who want to set up business in this part of the world.
he lauded the states progress in sectors like infrastructure, mineral production, roads, agriculture and education.
alluding to a television talk show he hosted last year involving small businessmen, ganguly said they all wanted to make it big from this part of the country.
i was amazed to see their hunger to reach the top, at the same time to see the support they receive from the state government, he said.
kamal nath has taken oath as madhya pradesh chief minister in the presence of top congress and opposition leaders flown to state capital bhopal from jaipur where they had watched ashok gehlot and his deputy sachin pilot take charge.
rahul gandhi is accompanying this team of political leaders as they zip across three state capitals today to attend the oath ceremony of congress chief ministers, an occasion that his party is also using to showcase opposition unity.
a host of opposition leaders are attending the show of strength in three states, but the absentee list is grabbing some attention too.
bahujan samaj party chief mayawati and samajwadi partys akhilesh yadav have skipped the three oath ceremonies, though they are supporting the new congress governments in madhya pradesh and rajasthan.
west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee is not attending either, but has deputed her representative unlike the other two leaders.
chartered planes have flown those attending from rajasthans jaipur, where gehlot took oath, to bhopal in madhya pradesh.
it will later take a short flight to chhattisgarh where bhupesh baghel will take oath as chhattisgarh chief minister.
among those who are on the congresss guest list are andhra pradesh chief minister n chandrababu naidu, his karnataka counterpart hd kumaraswamy, nationalist congress party president sharad pawar, all india trinamool congress leader dinesh trivedi, janata dal (secular) president hd deve gowda, national conference president farooq abdullah, loktantrik janta dal chief sharad yadav, dravida munnetra kazhagam president mk stalin and leader kanimozhi, a rajasthan congress leader, familiar with the development, said.
also read | mamatabanerjee skips swearing-in ceremony of kamal nath as madhya pradesh chief ministercongress president rahul gandhi is attending all three ceremonies as will former prime minister manmohan singh and leader of opposition in lok sabha mallikarjun kharge and several other senior party leaders.
the karnataka oath ceremony earlier this year of hd kumaraswamy of the janata dal secular, backed by the congress, was seen as the big bang start of an opposition effort to unite to take on the bjp in next years national election.
mayawati, akhilesh yadav and mamatabanerjee had attended that event and their absence at the congress events today has raised questions on the strength of that unity.
opposition leaders came together on sunday too, at a rally in chennai, where mk stalin of key ally dravida munnetra kazhagam (dmk) proposed that rahul gandhi be projected as the prime ministerial candidate of a joint opposition, saying he has the ability to defeat the fascist bjp.
the congress has said it prefers to leave the leadership issue of an anti-bjp alliance for after the 2019 lok sabha elections.
last week, the congress posted its best electoral performance since the 2014 general elections.
it snatched rajasthan, madhya pradesh and chhattisgarh from the bjp.
while the party swept chhattisgarh, it just made the majority mark in rajasthan and fell short by a whisker in madhya pradesh.
the bsp and samajwadi party offered to fill the gap to keep out the bjp, which was not far behind.
the madras high court suspended on tuesday a controversial central government rule that outlawed sale of cattle for slaughter at animal markets and triggered a political storm in india.
even as the court ordered a four-week stay on the notification, the centre said it was examining the points raised by several states, including kerala and west bengal, which call the order an attack on indias federal structure.
the government, however, denied trying to restrict food habits of the people through the notification that has led to protests and staging of beef festivals in kerala and tamil nadu.
congress activists in kerala killed a cow in a public square on saturday, an act that sparked outrage and forced party leaders to condemn the incident.
a phd scholar who participated in a campus beef festival at the iit-madras was allegedly assaulted by some students on tuesday, police said.
millions of hindus consider the cow to be holy and the rashtriya swayamsevak sangh (rss)  the idelogical mentor of the ruling bjp  has been pushing for a countrywide ban on cow slaughter.
critics say the rule -- banning the sale of cows, bulls, bullocks, buffaloes, steers, heifers, calves, and camels for slaughter -- violates individual rights and will hurt millions of cattle and meat traders.
the slaughtering of animals for food, the food and culinary (items) made out of such animal flesh and offering sacrifice of animals are part of cultural identity of most communities in india, protected under the constitution, petitioners selvagomathy and asik ilahi bhava told the madurai bench of the high court.
regulating cattle trade is a state subject but animal welfare is overseen by the centre.
the new rules didnt amount to a blanket ban on cattle trade or their slaughter.
but the move was expected to choke supplies to the countrys rs 1-lakh crore meat and allied industries that source about 90  of their requirements from animal markets.
beef and buffalo meat is a common delicacy in some south and northeastern states.
activists and opposition political parties say the rule discriminates against muslims, christians and lower-caste hindus who rely on the cheap meat for protein.
union information and broadcasting minister m venkaiah naidu defended the move saying the notification was in response to a supreme court observation on preventing cruelty to animals and breaking the nexus in animal markets, including for smuggling.
though naidu said the government was examining the representation by states, he refused to comment on whether the notification will be reconsidered.
what someone will eat is his or her personal choice.
no one has the right to dictate.
dont follow that order.
the state has not given any such order.
the administration should ensure that there is no confusion, she told officials in barrackpore.
kerala chief minister pinarayi vijayan on monday termed the ban anti-federal, anti-democratic and anti-secular.
he also wrote to his counterparts in other states asking them to stand together and oppose it.
karnataka chief minister siddaramaiah said his government was analysing the developments.
we are examining devpmts & awaiting govt order on centres recent curb on sale of cattle for slaughter, esp since this is a state subject (sic), he tweeted.
despite central forces deployed in 98.
8  of 15,277 polling stations in west bengal, violence lashed the battleground eastern state during the fourth phase of elections amid several allegations of voter intimidation and glitches in electronic voting machines (evm).
as much as 76.
72  of the 13,456,491 voters in the state cast their vote, said the election commissions official app by 10 pm.
the opposition, such as the bharatiya janata party (bjp) and the congress, complained of violence by the ruling trinamool congress, who they said tried to prevent voters from going to the polling stations to exercise their franchise.
clashes broke out in places such as nalhati (birbhum), nanoor (bolpur), barabani (asansol) and suri (birbhum).
in kandihi, a security personnel fired in the air inside the polling booth, triggering tensions.
in asansol, bjp candidate babul supriyos car was vandalised when he went to a booth.
police complaints were lodged against bjp candidates dudhkumar mondal from birbhum and kalyan choubey from krishnanagar constituency for entering booths with cellphones.
in baharampur, congress candidate adhir chowdhury was seen chasing away a few men who allegedly came to cast false votes in kn college .
baharampur, asansol and bardhaman-durgapur are the three constituencies that pose a significant challenge to chief minister mamatabanerjee , who is looking to sweep the states 42 seats for a greater national profile.
despite reports of violence, many voters said they felt secure with the additional force deployment.
the experience was overall fine.
i didnt face any trouble, said subhadeep pal, a first time voter in suri.
on the eve of 2011 assembly polls - the most crucial election bengal witnessed since 1977 when marxists overthrew the congress and settled down for 34 years - social networking sites became an integral part of campaign for both trinamool congress and the cpi(m).
six years later, the same social media is turning out to be a bane for not only the arch enemies but even the administration headed by chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjee.
and, everybody is blaming trolls, religious propaganda groups, tech-savvy pranksters and individuals eager to vent anger.
read: social media  the other battleground for political partieswitnessing a sharp rise in communally sensitive and politically motivated posts on facebook and twitter during and after some violent incidents at kaliachak (malda) and golabari (howrah) and bhangar (south 24 parganas), the government has decided to take counter-measures.
the state police already has a cyber security cell.
it will be strengthened to focus more on social media, director general of police, surajit kar purakayastha, told ht.
our party is also aware of the mischief being played by cpi(m) and bjp workers who want to malign the government.
this has to be countered, said a senior trinamool leader.
incidentally, after trinamool came to power, ambikesh mahapatra, a jadavpur university professor, was the first to be arrested under cyber crime law for sharing a cartoon of banerjee.
in may 2016 the facebook users in india stood at 195.
16 million, the highest in the world.
(ht photo)posts on facebook - more popular in india than twitter - are troubling politicians on both sides of the divide.
though mamatabanerjee receives mostly compliments from fans posting on her timeline, there are pages managed by individuals or groups where she is attacked.
cpi(m) leaders, including general secretary, sitaram yechury, are however not lucky enough to be spared by trolls even on their own facebook and twitter accounts.
read: how aap uses social media to dominate political discourse outside parliamentinterestingly, trolling in bengal started much before singur and nandigram changed the political status quo.
orkut became the first cyber platform for marxist leaders as well as mamatabanerjee with their supporters running numerous fan clubs.
one of them opened an account masquerading as the then chief minister, furnishing information about the real buddhadeb bhattacharjees personal life and family.
the cpi(m) had a tough time tracking him down.
left front chairman biman bose, too, found his clone on facebook in 2010.
posing as bose, an over-enthusiastic supporter accepted hundreds of friend requests.
but the recent controversial posts on cpi(m) rajya sabha mp, ritabrata mamatabanerjee , is forcing the party to draft social media guidelines for members.
on february 23, mamatabanerjee was censured at a meeting in kolkata for writing a threat mail to the employer of a party supporter who raised questions on facebook about the source of the mps apple watch and monc blanc pen.
read: if you are on social media, you should be prepared for abuse: amitabh bachchanrealising that face-offs on social media is affecting discipline in the cadre-based organisation, the cpi(m) has decided to frame rules and ban selfies taken purely for self-publicity.
if someone has specific complaint against a leader, no matter how highly-placed, he or she cannot vent it on social media.
people have to come to the party which deals with such complaints, said yechury.
ahead of lok sabha elections 2019, which are scheduled to be held in seven phases beginning from april 1, poll campaigns across the country have gathered heat.
pm narendra modi sunday interacted with chowkidars from over 500 locations across the country in main bhi chowkidar programme.
taking forward the bjp poll campaign, party president amit shah is scheduled to address two public meetings in uttar pradesh.
congress president rahul gandhi also kicked off in earnest the campaign of the congress-janata dal (secular) coalition in karnataka on sunday by addressing a joint rally of the partners on the outskirts of bengaluru.
read highlights here:8:15 pm ist people will pack you and send you back to gujarat: chandrababu naidu he is troubling kejriwal and mamatabanerjee and in ap, he is troubling me.
mr modi, we are all experienced than you.
people will pack you and send you back to gujarat8:13 pm ist modi doesnt do what he tells and doesnt tell what he does: chandrababu naidu he is a chowkidar of criminals, corrupt.
he is protecting scamsters.
he is a split personality.
he doesnt do what he tells and doesnt tell what he does.
: chandrababu naidu8:13 pm ist modi is worried vizag would be more beautiful than ahmedabad: chandrababu naidu why did you ban rs 500, rs 1000 notes and introduced rs 2000 note?
only to promote black money by bjp leaders.
development has not stopped despite lack of assistance from centre.
didnt vizag improve as a beautiful city after hudhud cyclone?
modi is worried that vizag would be more beautiful than ahmedabad.
he is jealous of us.
that is why, he is causing hurdles to us.
: chandrababu naidu8:10 pm ist what have you given to ap?
: chandrababu naidu he is a crook.
he doesnt have any right to come here.
he is coming here and making tall claims again and again?
will people vote for modi.
you wont get votes even to match the money spent on your votes.
what have you given to ap?
: chandrababu naidu8:05 pm ist why did he cheat us?
: chandrababu naidu hits out at pm when there was hudhud cyclone, modi came here and promised rs 1,000 crore as initial assistance, but gave only rs 650 crore.
we fought for vizag railway zone for five years.
only recently, he announced a zone without waltair division which is high revenue generating division.
why did he cheat us?
what did modi say in the same city five years ago?
he promised to fulfil promises made to state.
he betrayed andhra pradesh people on special status, capital construction: chandrababu naidu7:54 pm ist who is narendra modi to ask about our pm candidate: mamatabanerjee who is narendra modi to ask about our pm candidate?
dont worry, mr modi, we know what to do for the people.
we know how to elect our leader.
there will be somebody who will lead the country: mamatabanerjee at opposition rally in andhra pradesh7:45 pm ist he is a liar, he speaks lies day in and day out: mamatabanerjee attacks pm modi is threatening every state, karnataka, odisha, west bengal or ap.
he became from chaiwala to chowkidar.
he is not chowidar of people, but of rich, corrupt and scamsters.
in his regime, lot of farmers committed suicide, unemployment increased.
he doesnt care about the media, he has not addressed any press conferences.
he is a liar, he speaks lies day in and day out: mamata7:39 pm ist modi not suitable to be block president, forget pm: mamatabanerjee modi not suitable to be block president, forget pm: mamatabanerjee banerjee7:37 pm ist modi has to be shown the door: mamatabanerjee if there is anybody who can take the country forward, it is chandrababu naidu.
if naidu rules ap, he can do a lot in delhi.
arvind kejriwal can develop delhi, he can develop the country.
there is no dearth of leaders to fight for the country.
modi has to be shown the door: mamata7:35 pm ist this is a special election, you have to think and vote carefully: mamatabanerjee mamatabanerjee begins address.
she says, this is a special election, you have to think and vote carefully.
you have both assembly and ls elections.
people come and give big lectures.
ap is known across the world due to chandrababu naidu.
ap will go ahead only because of naidu: mamata7:35 pm ist the bjp is like a tumour that will destroy the entire body: arvind kejriwal please save the country, save constitution, save democracy.
if you have a tumour, you will ask the doctor to cut the tumour.
the bjp is like a tumour that will destroy the entire body.
no need to worry about who will be the next pm.
our first duty is to defeat the bjp: arvind kejriwal7:34 pm ist in 2019, if modi and shah win, they will change the countrys constitution: kejriwal in 2019, if modi and shah win, they will change the countrys constitution like hitler did in germany.
if the modi-shah duo win again, they will completely change the country into hindu nation.
bjp mp sakshi maharaj himself said this will be the last elections in the country.
he said there would no elections till 2050: kejriwal7:32 pm ist what pak could not do in 70 years, modi had done in 5 : kejriwal what pakistan could not do in last 70 years, modi had done in the last five years.
he divided people in the name of religion and caste.
he destroyed democratic institutions: arvind kejriwal7:30 pm ist modi listens to only one person, amit shah: kejriwal modi will not listen.
.
he doesnt listen to officials.
he listens to only one person, amit shah.
he implemented demonetisation without consulting anybody.
it was a big scam.
every businessman, middle class, poor suffered.
he divided people in the name of religion, caste, creed: kejriwal7:27 pm ist modi govt is most corrupt in 70 years: kejriwal india is facing an emergency-like situation.
in the last five years, narendra modi and amit shah duo has destroyed indian democracy.
modi govt is most corrupt in 70 years.
7:25 pm ist india facing emergency like situation: kejriwal at oppn rally the 2019 elections are both important for the andhra and the nation.
make chandrababu naidu cm again.
after the partition of ap, with the creation of telangana.
there was a big challenge, naidu ji overcame the challenge5:50 pm ist next 5 years will be to address the ambitions, aspirations: pm modi in the last 5 years i put all my strength to do away with what was lacking, to fulfil the necessities from toilets, electricity, roads, trains to buses, and next 5 years will be to address the ambitions and aspirations.
5:45 pm ist will give them same jail that housed mahatma gandhi: pm modi pm modi said some people in foreign courts complain that indian jails are not fit to live in.
pm countered that view by saying that how is it that such thieves expect that i will give them a palace.
he said he is giving them the very same jail that housed mahatma gandhi.
5:40 pm ist unfortunate some politicians are helping pak with their comments: pm pm modi emphasised that pakistan has started opening their airspace after more than a month.
the prime minister said that india struck at a place and proved that terrorist camps were running in pakistan.
it is unfortunate that some politicians in our country are helping pakistan with their comments: pm modi5:35 pm ist for me, country is paramount, says pm modi if one were to focus on ones political future, there was no need for modi.
for me, country is paramount, says pm modi.
the prime minister pointed out that when world leaders shake hands or hug modi, they acknowledge the majority vote that this government has the mandate: pm modi5:30 pm ist i didnt carry out the strikes, our armed forces did, said pm modi replying to question on the iaf strike at balakot, pm modi saluted the armed forces.
i didnt carry out the strikes, our armed forces did, said pm modi5:28 pm ist pm modi lauds youth of the country for thinking about the future prime minister narendra modi lauds the youth of the country for thinking about the future.
when i would take oath it would not be me only but 130 crore indians who will take oath, the pm said.
5:25 pm ist okay to have aspirations and dreams.
.
.
but country above all: pm modi it is okay to have aspirations and dreams, and one should have them, but the country is above all of that: pm modi5:22 pm ist india loves chowkidar, not kings, says pm modi everyone is out there for the 2019 lok sabha polls, the electorate is watching keenly.
desh ki janta chowkidaar pasand karti hai, they do not need kings.
.
i am happy that spirit of chowkidar is spreading: pm modi5:15 pm ist being chowkidar is a spirit, a feeling: pm modi i will not let public money be looted.
as a chowkidar, i will do my job.
.
.
some people due to limited mental ability cannot think beyond the literal meaning of the term chowkidar: pm modi5:15 pm ist my critics made me popular in 2014, says pm modi i was new in 2014.
i had some identity as a chief minister.
my fame was mostly due to my critics.
their criticism created inquisitiveness about me.
around this time, the bjp made me its pm candidate.
against this backdrop in 2014, i had said i would be a chowkidar not the prime minister.
4:30 pm ist five years have gone by and the current pm has not fulfilled the promise: rahul gandhi five years have gone by and the current prime minister of india has not fulfilled the promise that the indian people have made to the people of andhra pradesh and it is sad that neither of the two parties in andhra pradesh have put pressure on the prime minister .
.
.
.
the tdp was in alliance with narendra modi and they should have put pressure on narendra modi to give special status: rahul gandhi4:25 pm ist andhra was promised special status: rahul gandhi in 2014, mr narendra modi became prime minister of india and sometime before that manmohan ji had made certain commitments to the people of ap.
you had been promised that youd be given special status, a special place among states so that you could develop fast.
a number of projects were promised to the people of ap and these commitments were not just of manmohan singh but they were of the prime minister of india.
.
.
the prime ministers commitment is made on behalf of the country.
what was promised to andhra was promised by the people of india, not just pm: rahul gandhi4:20 pm ist relationship of the heart with people of andhra pradesh: rahul gandhi my family has had a long history with andhra pradesh and it is not just a political relationship but also a relationship of the heart : rahul gandhi at public meeting in anantapur, andhra pradesh.
3:53 pm ist will still back our son, rahul: amethi voters unfazed by their mp rahul gandhis decision to contest from keralas wayanad seat as well in the lok sabha elections, voters in amethi say they will support the son of their vip constituency.
amethi goes to polls on may 6.
the congress on sunday announced congress presidents decision to contest from two seats -- amethi and wayanad.
gandhi has represented amethi undefeated since 2004, but faces a stiff competition from bjps smriti irani this time.
his winning margin narrowed to just over one lakh votes against irani in 2014.
asked if the voters in amethi will support gandhi after his new decision, congress district chief yogendra mishra was quick to bring in the son versus the outsider analogy in his party leaders support.
3:40 pm ist you wont be able to defeat bjp: shah targets sp-bsp alliance in up a different coalition has happened in up, bua-bhatija & dada have come together.
isnt ajit singh at an age where he should be a grandfather or a great-grandfather?
they think they can defeat bjp, include rahul baba and priyanka vadra too, you wont be able to defeat bjp, said amit shah.
3:35 pm ist priyankas statement over ayodhya is an insult to hindus: up cm priyanka vadras statement yesterday, over ayodhya is an insult to hindus everywhere.
she was asked why did she not to go ram janmbhoomi when she went to ayodhya?
she said it is disputed land, so she didnt.
she didnt go there as this would have upset a particular community, said up cm yogi aditynath as reported by news agency ani.
2:00 pm ist rahul gandhi fled to kerala as he fears amethi will seek account of work: shah bjp chief amit shah sunday ridiculed congress president rahul gandhis decision to contest from wayanad lok sabha constituency, saying he has fled to kerala fearing that amethi voters will seek an account of work done by him and his party over the years, reported news agency pti.
shah was speaking at his first election meeting in western up, where voting will be held on april 11.
the saffron party had won all eight lok sabha seats in the region in the 2014 lok sabha elections.
rahul gandhi has fled to kerala as he fears that amethi voters will seek an account from him, the bjp chief said.
shah also said, the congress had given clean chit to pakistan terror outfit lashkar-e-taiba in samjhauta express bomb blast case, sent swami aseemanand and other innocent persons to jail, and had put a tag of terrorism on hindus.
1:45 pm ist preparations begin for tdps mega rally earlier visuals of preparation from vishakhapatnam where tdp is holding a public rally today which will also be attended by wb cm&delhi cm.
tdp spokesperson lanka dinakar says, well show voice of andhra especially the betrayal of narendra modi led union govt.
1:35 pm ist hindus cant be terrorists, says amit shah on samjhauta blast verdict hindus cant be terrorists, said amit shah on samjhauta blast verdict while addressing a public meeting in uttar pradesh.
1:33 pm ist congress workers in wayanad celebrate rahuls candidature workers hit the streets.
braving the scorching sun, they took out rallies at many places in the constituency.
they bursted crackers and distributed sweets.
udf convener benny behnan asks cpm to withdraw its candidate and support rahul12:57 pm ist sitaram yechury criticises rahul gandhis candidature from wayanad sitaram yechury criticised rahul gandhis candidature from wayanad.
it will give a wrong message to secular democratic forces, he said.
12:52 pm ist bjp search on for suitable candidate to take on rahul in wayanad bjps search for a suitable candidate to take on rahul gandhi in wayanad is on.
mp and actor suresh gopis name is among the many names doing rounds.
bjp is likely to announce its candidate from wayanad late in the evening.
party sources have ruled out the entry of union minister smriti irani.
a final decision will be taken by national leadership.
12:45 pm ist rahul running for safe seat fearing defeat in amethi: kerala bjp president bjp will field a strong candidate in wayanad, said bjp state president ps sreedharan pillai.
it is sad congress succumbed to muslim league pressure, he said he is running around for a safe seat fearing defeat in amethi.
we will not ensure an easy victory for him here, he added.
12:44 pm ist this country not personal property of one man, one organisation: rahul this country is not personal property of one man, one organisation, says rahul gandhi in vijaywada.
12:36 pm ist pm narendra modi dismantled everything the upa government had done: rahul gandhi pm narendra modi dismantled everything the upa government had done.
he destroyed the pillars of mgnrega and food security act, said rahul gandhi while addressing a public meeting in vijaywada.
12:30 pm ist govt schemes will reward people who will create jobs: rahul gandhi govt schemes will reward people who will create jobs, said rahul gandhi.
12:26 pm ist nyay is our non-violent weapon against poverty: rahul gandhi nyay is our non-violent weapon against poverty.
we will give nyay to the people of india.
the poor people of india will get rs 72,000 annually directly in their bank account, said rahul gandhi.
12:19 pm ist rahul gandhi slams demonetisation, gst first he (pm modi) brought demonetisation and then brought gabbar singh tax that further worsened the lives of small businessmen, said rahul gandhi while addressing a public meeting in andhra pradeshs vijaywada.
12:13 pm ist if voted to power, will give special status to andhra: rahul gandhi it is not only a commitment made by congress&manmohan singh ji, its a commitment made by the country to andhra pradesh.
its our commitment that well give special status to andhra pradesh the moment we come to power in delhi, said congress president rahul gandhi in vijaywada.
12:05 pm ist nothing but fight against left: kerala cm on rahuls wayanad seat hes fighting in one of the 20 constituencies(in kerala) and doesnt need to be seen as any different.
well fight him.
he shouldve contested from a constituency where bjp is contesting,its nothing but a fight against left, kerala cm p vijayan on rahul gandhi contesting from wayanad.
11:51 am ist priority now to fight against left in kerala: prakash karat on rahul contesting from wayanad decision of congress to field rahul gandhi from wayanad shows their priority now is to fight against left in kerala.
it goes against congress national commitment to fight bjp, as in kerala its ldf which is the main force fighting bjp there, said prakash karat, cpi(m) ex-general secretary, reported news agency ani11:23 am ist rahul gandhi to address rally in andhra pradesh congress president will shortly address a public meeting in andhra pradeshs vijaywada.
11:20 am ist why did modi ji leave gujarat and contest from varanasi, asks randeep surjewala why did modi ji leave gujarat and contest from varanasi?
was he not confident in gujarat?
these are immature and childish comments.
she(smriti irani) will complete a hattrick of losses, said congress spokesperson randeep surjewala when asked whether rahul gandhi not confident in amethi so contesting on 2 seats.
11:15 am ist fight against those who seek to divide india on basis of colour, language: surjewala this is a fight to espouse the aspirations of south india.
this is a fight to give a befitting reply to those forces that attack cultures, languages, way of life and also the deep connect between north and south india between which bjp has created a division, said congress spokesperson randeep surjewala.
11:10 am ist rahul gandhi to contest from wayanad, amethi congress president rahul gandhi to contest from wayanad apart from amethi, announces senior leader ak antony.
11:00 am ist we work with commitment, not confusion: pm modi our vision and priorities are clear.
we work with commitment, and not confusion, said pm narendra modi while addressing a media conclave.
10:55 am ist until 5 years back, india was a follower, now a leader: pm modi until 5 years back, all other nations would make rules and india used to follow, now india is a leader, said pm narendra modi at a media conclave.
10:42 am ist ballots attract tourists as india goes to vote being promoted as the kumbh mela of elections, international and national tourism firms are hoping to cash-in on the worlds largest polling exercise -- the indian general elections 2019 -- to give a boost to their businesses.
accordingly, everyone from tour operators, online sales agents and niche guide-touring firms are promoting the electoral process as a theme-based holiday package.
i think the process in itself is amazing.
just the sheer number of people voting.
we have customers travelling in india at the moment and they have been following the polls, nicholas wood, director of the london-based firm political tours told ians.
10:08 am ist mamatabanerjee , kejriwal to attend tdps mega rally in visakhapatnam west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee and her delhi counterpart arvind kejriwal will campaign for telugu desam party headed by andhra pradesh chief minister n chandrababu naidu at a mega rally in the port town of visakhapatnam on sunday evening.
though a galaxy of other leaders from the proposed mahagathbhandhan (grand alliance) of anti-bjp parties including janatal dal (s) president deve gowda, dmk president m k stalin, nationalist congress party president sharad pawar, rjd leader tejaswi yadav and former jammu and kashmir chief minister farooq abdulla were also invited the rally to showcase the opposition unity, they are not able to make it due to hectic campaigning in their respective states, a tdp leader familiar with the development said.
9:50 am ist rahul gandhi to address coalition rally in karnataka congress president rahul gandhi is set to kick off in earnest the campaign of the congress-janata dal (secular) coalition in the state on sunday by addressing a joint rally of the partners on the outskirts of bengaluru.
gandhi has already addressed rallies in kalaburagi and held a meeting with entrepreneurs in bengaluru.
however, these were exclusively congress events.
sundays rally is set to be a projection of coalition strength and all senior leaders from the state, including former prime minister hd deve gowda will be present.
indiaupdated: sep 19, 2019 15:45 istwest bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee raised the issue of national register of citizens (nrc) in assam in a meeting with union home minister amit shah in new delhi on thursday.
no indian should be put through difficulties, said the west bengal chief minister after her meeting with amit shah, pointing out that 1.
9 million people were excluded from the final nrc.
the meeting between the two lasted for about 30 minutes.
the bengal chief minister described her meeting with the union home minister as a part of the constitutional duty.
as a chief minister of a state with boundaries with foreign countries -bangladesh, bhutan and nepal- it is part of my duty, she said.
also watch l will drive illegal immigrants out legally: amit shah on pan-india nrcthis was the first meeting between the west bengal cm and the union home minister after the second modi government came to power.
i raised the issue of nrc with the home minister.
lives of people are now uncertain.
my stand and that of bihar cm nitish kumar is same, we dont need an nrc in our states, the trinamool supremo said.
the bjp and , in particular, home minister amit shah have, however, said that the nrc process will be done across the country to weed out illegal migrants.
fatima bibi woke up on tuesday worried about her family fast-depleting rations.
but a few hours into the morning, the 35-year-old had a bigger concern.
around 10am, several men had surrounded her village of machhibhanga and started firing indiscriminately.
bullets flew everywhere  one even hit fatima.
her neighbours said the goons abducted an elderly neighbour.
residents in a cluster of 12 villages in bhangar, just 30 kilometres from kolkata, allege this was the latest in a string of violence inflicted on them by goons hired by the ruling trinamool congress.
villgers say the apparent objective of the unwritten blockade is to crush protests against a government-backed power project.
most of the residents are farmers who earn from selling their produce and say the goons have cut off this source of income by attacking anyone showing up at one of two local markets.
the government and local police deny all allegations.
they are telling lies.
the agitators are regularly attacking our supporters.
they have a huge cache of arms but they are playing with fire, said controversial trinamool congress leader arabul islam.
but locals say the goons are meant to crush the the jomi, jibika, poribesh o bastutantra raksha committee (jjpobr) (committee to protect land, livelihood, environment and ecosystem) that has opposed the project.
retired supreme court judge ashok ganguly told ht that when he was going to bhangar after reports of tuesdays firing, he saw people carrying firearms guarding the main road.
they had their faces covered.
we were trailing a car carrying members of the committee.
the toughs stopped that car and thrashed those people.
we had to return, he said.
the area, comprising mostly of dirt roads, thatched-roof houses and acres upon acres of paddy fields, first grabbed headlines last year after violent protests broke out against the power project over health concerns.
locals drove the police and trinamool leaders out of the villages in a major embarrassment for chief minister mamatabanerjee who herself swept to power in 2011 on the back of land agitations.
such blockades have a long history in west bengal.
social boycotts, extending even to things such as haircuts, were often used by the left front to bully opponents into submission.
they had their faces covered.
we were trailing a car carrying members of the committee.
the toughs stopped that car and thrashed those people.
we had to returnon may 12, when kismat ali laskar, one of the organisers of the movement, went to polerhat market to sell mangoes, he was thrashed and handed over to the police.
he was beaten up so badly that he had to be admitted to the jail hospital.
on the same day, when golam mostafa went to notunhat market, toughs took him to a ruling party office where he was apparently brutally thrashed and confined till the next day.
on may 23, arabul mallick ventured out to lauhati market and was picked up, again allegedly by goons.
i bought vegetables and fish about seven days ago.
now the stock is depleted but i cant go to the market as i am old and infirm.
if my two sons venture to the market, they will be thrashed, said khosdil mollah, 73, a resident of machhibhanga village in bhangar.
if things go this way, well soon run out of items of our daily needs, said mujibar mollah, 69.
the villagers allege they cant lodge complaints with the police because of the fear of arrest.
the bhangar agitation was seen as an embarrassment for chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjee.
(samir jana/ht photo)remember that in an fir (31/17) in kashipur police station, there is an entry of 1,500 unknown others.
its a convenient tool to get back at the land agitators, said alik chakraborty, a politburo member of the small naxalite outfit cpi(ml)((red star), the main force behind the villagers protests.
chakraborty, who has been evading police since january, met this correspondent at an undisclosed location.
police, however, blames the cpi (ml) (red star) for obstructing the authorities.
murderous assaults have been launched on police parties whenever they have tried to enter those villages.
.
.
.
jjpobr have not got any judicial order to stop work on the power grid site but are doing that by force.
.
.
.
a customary exchange of sweets between the security forces of india and pakistan on eid ul-fitr failed to take place at the attari-wagah border on saturday due to frequent ceasefire violations on the jammu and kashmir border.
a senior bsf officer said on condition of anonymity that, following continuous ceasefire violation by pakistan in jammu and kashmir, there was no exchange of sweets at the attari-wagah border.
he added that the customary gesture may not be undertaken in future until pakistan stops ceasefire violations.
the cross border firing continued on saturday, claiming the life of an indian soldier in nowshera.
on tuesday, four border security force (bsf) personnel were killed by pakistani rangers in samba districts chamliyal, the army said, despite both side agreeing to maintain a ceasefire at a sector commander-level flag meeting on june 4.
cross border firing by the pakistani military force has killed 19 people and injured 67 others, besides displacing over one lakh people from the border areas, since may 15.
in kashmirs anantnag town, a 20-year-old man was killed on saturday when clashes broke out between police and civilians soon after eid prayers.
however, this did not dampen the festive mood in other parts of the state.
the jammu and kashmir government ordering the release of 115 prisoners in view of eid ul-fitr.
chief minister mehbooba mufti said inmates who are not accused of serious crimes can be let off on the occasion, so they can celebrate the festival with their families.
eid ul-fitr marks the end of the fasting month of ramzan for muslims worldwide.
celebrated on the first day of shawwal, the 10th month of islamic lunar calendar, it is marked with feasts and the joyous reunion of family members and friends.
all of india, with the exception of kerala, where it was observed on friday, is celebrating eid on saturday.
many politicians and national-level leaders, including president ram nath kovind and prime minister narendra modi, extended their greetings to the nation on the occasion of eid.
eid mubarak and good wishes to all fellow citizens, especially our muslim brothers and sisters in india and abroad.
may this happy occasion bring joy to your families and foster fraternity, understanding and mutual goodwill in our shared society, president kovind tweeted.
the prime minister also used his social media handle to send his warm greetings to the nation, and call for togetherness in society.
eid mubarak!
may this day deepen the bonds of unity and harmony in our society, he tweeted.
many dignitaries from opposing ends of the countrys political spectrum came together to mark the occasion.
madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan and state congress president kamal nath were spotted celebrating eid together at bhopals idgah.
congress president rahul gandhi tweeted his greetings on the occasion too.
eid mubarak!
may the almighty bless us all with peace, happiness, wisdom and good health, he posted on the social networking site.
lok sabha speaker sumitra mahajan, who is currently leading a parliamentary on a tour of belarus, latvia and finland, also took some time out from her busy schedule to extend her greetings to the people.
on the joyous occasion of eid-ul-fitr, i convey my warmest greetings to all my brothers and sisters.
eid ul-fitr symbolises the spirit of giving, sharing, and enriches our lives with the eternal values of brotherhood and empathy for the deprived, she said in a statement.
let us, on this auspicious occasion, pray for promoting peace, progress, happiness and prosperity for each one of us and the nation.
the eastern states of bihar and west bengal also witnessed largescale revelry, even as their respective chief ministers greeted the people on the occasion.
a muslim prays before an illuminated jama masjid in chandigarh.
(karun sharma/ ht photo)bihar chief minister nitish kumar, in his message, hoped that the festival would help strengthen the sentiments of harmony and brotherhood in society.
asserting that india is a country where followers of different faiths coexist in mutual respect, he said: people share happiness by participating in each others festivals, and they respect each others religions.
this helps maintain the unity and integrity of the country even in adverse situations.
west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee took to twitter to wish the people of the state the very best on the occasion.
may this eid bring happiness and endless blessings from the almighty.
eid mubarak, she posted.
andhra pradesh chief minister n chandrababu naidu went a step further by joining the faithful in offering eid-ul-fitr prayers.
wearing a skull cap, he stood with muslim devotees to offer the eid namaz at the municipal grounds in vijayawada.
in his address to the gathering later, he conveyed his greetings in urdu and prayed for the prosperity and happiness of the people.
muslims across kerala had celebrated eid-ul-fitr with religious fervor a day earlier, although the heavy rain forced many of them to remain indoors.
addressing a large congregation, the chief priest at the palayam grand mosque in thiruvananthapuram also espoused the cause of harmony  stating that intolerance should be combated only with tolerance.
the handing over of probe into the narada sting operation scandal to the central bureau of investigation is the third big blow to chief minister mamatabanerjee in the past three years.
in may 2014, the supreme court directed the central agency to investigate saradha chit fund scam that duped millions of depositors spread across states spanning from odisha and jharkhand to assam and tripura.
saradha sank in april 2013 and its chairman sudipta sen and executive editor debjani mukherjee were arrested from kashmir.
agitations and a spate of suicides gripped the streets of kolkata and suburbs and villages of bengal as dozens of agents and depositors who lost their money ended their lives.
the ruling party of bengal was not hit any less hard.
though it did not showed in the election results -- 2013 rural polls, 2014 lok sabha and 2016 assembly elections -- the cbi investigation resulted in the arrest of a few prominent party leaders and interrogation of several others.
the most important face to suffer the saradha blow was madan mitra, sports and transport minister and a confidante of chief minister mamatabanerjee who was arrested on december 12, 2014.
he eventually got bail on september 10, 2016 after spending 21 months behind the bars.
other party functionaries to be jailed were rajya sabha mp srinjoy bose and vice-president rajat majumdar.
high profile leaders who were subjected to grilling included party number two mukul roy.
after the grilling on january 31, 2015, roys relations with mamatabanerjee suffered.
the second wave of cbi probe into the chit fund scam involving rose valley group has also cost mamatabanerjee banerjees party dear.
the partys leader in lok sabha sudip bandyopadhyay was arrested on january 4 this year and fellow mp tapas paul was arrested on december 30 last year.
both are behind bars.
it is speculated that a few more leaders may be summoned by the central agency for interrogation in the rose valley scam.
worse, the list is by no means over.
just a couple of days ago, cbi arrested basudeb bagchi and avik bagchi, father-son duo of prayag group who are behind a film city on 12,500 acre in chandrakona in west midnapore district.
it is rumoured that ruling party leaders may be under the scanner even in this case.
while saradha sunk about rs 2,500 crore, rose valley involved about rs 17,000 crore, or six times the amount of saradha.
bengals scam woes the handing over of probe into the narada sting operation to cbi is another blow to mamatabanerjee in the past three years.
here are some of the other scams saradha scam a major financial scam by saradha group, a consortium of over 200 private companies.
the group collected around rs 2,500 crore from over 1.
7 million depositors before it collapsed.
impact on tmc dec 12, 2014: madan mitra, sports and transport minister, arrestedjan 31, 2015: rs mp srinjoy bose and tmc vice-president rajat majumdar quizzedsept 10, 2016: mitra granted bail after 21 months in jail.
a major financial scam by saradha group, a consortium of over 200 private companies.
the group collected aroundfrom over 1.
7 million depositors before it collapsed.
madan mitra, sports and transport minister, arrestedrs mp srinjoy bose and tmc vice-president rajat majumdar quizzedmitra granted bail after 21 months in jail.
rose valley scam the west bengal-based hospitality-to-real estate group rose valley cheated investors of rs 17,000 crore.
most of the investors who were promised exaggerated returns belonged to low-incom ome group, in at least 10 states, including west bengal, odisha and ap.
the little-known rose valley group is the biggest player in the scandal.
impact on tmc the west bengal-based hospitality-to-real estate group rose valley cheated investors of.
most of the investors who were promised exaggerated returns belonged to low-incom ome group, in at least 10 states, including west bengal, odisha and ap.
the little-known rose valley group is the biggest player in the scandal.
the handing over of probe into the narada sting operation to cbi is another blow to mamatabanerjee in the past three years.
here are some of the other scamsthe cash received by trinamool leaders in narada videos -- about rs 5 lakh each -- may be a small fraction of that raised by these deposit-raising companies, but it is worse on two counts.
it has allowed the people to see leaders accepting cash on tv -- a shock that saradha and rose valley could not deliver.
two, the number of faces involved are far more than in the chit fund cases.
last year, another major controversy hit the mamatabanerjee government was the collapse of the under-construction vivekananda road flyover in north kolkata that killed 27 people on march 31, 2016.
it was alleged that trinamool leaders of the area supplied substandard building materials that were used in the construction.
however, kolkata police investigated the case and filed the charge sheet in end june 2016 in which 10 engineers and officials of construction firm ivrcl were charged with criminal sections.
ipc?
sections 304 (culpable homicide not amounting to murder) and 308 (attempt to commit culpable homicide) were slapped against them.
west bengal chief minister and trinamool congress chief mamatabanerjee endorsed telugu desam party president and andhra pradesh chief minister n chandrababu naidu for another term on sunday saying the state is known across the world only because of him while insisting that prime minister narenda modi has to be ejected in the general elections.
andhra pradesh will go ahead only because of naidu.
he is showing a path to the entire country, she said at an election rally at visakhapatnam.
banerjee who was among a galaxy of opposition leaders who addressed the rally, said, if there is anybody who can take the country forward, it is chandrabbau naidu.
if naidu rules aandhra pradesh, he can do a lot in delhi.
nadius tdp is facing a stiff challenge from jagan mohan reddys ysr congress.
the tmc chief said there was no dearth of leaders to fight for the country and that prime minister modi has to be shown the door.
she also took a swipe at modi for questioning who will be the oppositions prime ministerial candidate.
who is modi to ask about our pm candidate?
we know how to elect our leader.
there will be somebody who will lead the country.
she accused modi of threatening leaders of opposition-ruled states with raids by the cbi, income tax department and enforcement directorate.
he (modi) is threatening every (opposition-ruled) state, karnataka, odisha, west bengal or ap.
from chaiwala he became chowkidar.
he is not chowidar of people, but of rich, corrupt and scamsters.
in his regime, lot of farmers committed suicide and unemployment increased.
west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee invited bisheswar nandi, the coach of gymnast dipa karmakar, to set up an academy in her state.
dipas coach told me whether he can set up an academy in bengal.
i told him, he can certainly, mamatabanerjee remarked on monday at a sports department programme at netaji indoor stadium.
she even offered to help dipa karmakar, who is a resident of tripura, if she faced any difficulty.
i have told dipa that we will help her in case of any difficulty, she added.
dipa karmakar, who missed the bronze in vault routine in the rio olympics by a whisker, is a bengali who lives in agartala.
she lashed out at demonetisation again and pointed out that the prime ministers move has adversely affected sponsorship of sports, but said that he government will always stand by the sports persons.
the chief minister loosened her purse strings for 13 clubs, each of which, she said will get rs 50 lakh from the state sports department for development of sports.
enlisting her governments achievements in building sports infrastructure, she said, we have built 16 new stadiums, refurbished 46 and built 23 youth hostels.
she also said that she will compose a theme song for the sports department, and emphasised that there is need for one since it will foster identity and as sense of pride.
incidentally, the chief minister was earlier criticised by the opposition for handing out liberal doles for thousands of clubs, which, they alleged, was just another means of squandering scarce public money for political favour.
nearly 12,000 clubs have so far got these grants that range from rs 2 lakh to rs 5 lakh.
the environment ministry said on monday it has received several representations on the recent ban on sale and purchase of cattle for slaughter from animal markets, and it is in the process of studying them.
the ministrys statement comes after some media reports suggested that it could revisit its order to exclude buffaloes from the new restrictions.
the ministry had recently notified the stringent prevention of cruelty to animals (regulation of livestock markets) rules, 2017, under the prevention of cruelty to animals act, banning the sale and purchase of cattle from animal markets for slaughter.
we have received several representations.
we are studying them.
as of now, no decision has been taken, a top environment ministry official told pti.
the decision is expected to hit export and trade of meat and leather.
the rules define cattle as a bovine animal including bulls, bullocks, cows, buffaloes, steers, heifers and calves and camels.
the new rules also prohibit establishment of an animal market in a place that is situated within 25km from any state border and within 50km from any international border.
the ministry, in its official statement on may 27, had said 13 representations were received regarding the rules.
the representations received will be duly examined in the ministry, it had said in the statement.
various bodies and political parties have reacted sharply to the governments decision to ban the sale and purchase of cattle from animal markets for slaughter, saying it is an ill-advised decision which will widen the terrorism by cow vigilantes.
kerala chief minister pinarayi vijayan had asked if the centre would ban the consumption of fish tomorrow and had suggested exploring legal options.
west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on monday described the centres notification on cattle slaughter as a deliberate attempt to encroach upon the states powers and said her government would not accept it.
meanwhile, party vice-president rahul gandhi condemned the slaughter of a cow by youth congress workers at a public square in keralas kannur to defy the central governments curbs on the sale and purchase of the animal.
the congress suspended three functionaries associated with the slaughter and party vice president rahul gandhi called the incident barbaric, saying his party wont tolerate such acts.
focus on cows, considered sacred by hindus, and beef has increased since the bjp won power in 2014.
the partys ideological parent, the rashtriya swayamsevak sangh, has long pushed for a nationwide ban on cattle slaughter and trade.
most of the protests on monday over the cattle trade rules were recorded in kerala and neighbouring tamil nadu, where cow slaughter is not banned.
in iit madras, about 80 students organised a beef festival on the campus of the countrys premier engineering institute.
it is our democratic right to choose our food, said abhinav surya, a final-year student.
tamil nadus main opposition dmk has planned a protest on may 31.
dmk working president mk stalin will lead the protest in chennai, the party said, adding the fundamental right to choice of food granted by the constitution has been snatched away.
prime minister narendra modi and west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjees war of words reached new heights on thursday with pm modi alleging that trinamool congress (tmc) leaders in purulia and bankura were working as coal mafias and mamatabanerjee hitting back by asking the prime minister to do 100 sit-ups holding his ears if he is proved wrong.
the latest round came after the two exchanged barbs earlier this week, with mamatabanerjee saying on tuesday that when pm modi comes to bengal and alleges tolabazi (extortion), she feels like giving him a slap of democracy, raising her right hand in a motion of slapping.
didi said she wants to slap modi.
didi, i respect you as an elder sister.
your slap will be a blessing for me.
but i would like to say that if you really had the courage to slap those who took away chit fund money, you would not have been so scared today, pm modi said on thursday, while addressing an election rally in bengals bankura district.
didis frustration can be measured from her language.
i am used to abuses, but didi is even insulting the constitution.
she is publicly saying that she is not ready to recognize the countrys prime minister.
however, she is proud to recognize pakistans prime minister, pm modi claimed.
she is such an egotist that she does not want to talk to the countrys prime minister, he said.
incidentally, mamatabanerjee has been referring to pm modi as expiry babu and expiry prime minister and even refused to talk to pm modi, when he tried to contact her to inquire about the impact of cyclone fani in coastal bengal.
banerjee later argued that modi is merely heading a caretaker government.
what irked the west bengal cm most on thursday was the prime ministers allegation that she had sacrificed the interests of the people to protect the interests of her family members and corrupt party leaders.
didi first ruined bengal with her addiction for power.
now she is ruining it further in the fear of losing power.
she cares only for her chair, her family, her nephew the extortionists and no one else, pm modi alleged.
the tmc has made mafias part of the government, he claimed, adding, didi is busy building her nephews career.
responding in a couple of hours, mamatabanerjee thundered from a rally in the same district, if you can prove even one tmc candidate is a coal mafia, i shall withdraw all 42 candidates.
but if you have lied, you will have to hold your ears and do 100 sit-ups before the people.
coal is administered by the centre.
it is guarded by the cisf.
bjp men are the agents.
how can tmc men be coal mafia?
you have to explain, she said.
both pm modi and mamatabanerjee addressed rallies in bankura and purulia districts on thursday.
the prime minister alleged at both rallies that tmc was linked with the coal mafia.
sharpening her attack on pm modi from the bankura rally, the west bengal cm said that pm modi looks like ravana and rules like duryodhana.
dont accuse my family.
i am alone, the people are my family.
you have your wife, but do you take care of her?
you dont care for your wife and you speak about the families of others?
dont you have any shame?
she asked.
banerjee also invited pm modi to a debate.
i challenge pm modi to a debate on indias history.
there will be no papers or teleprompters.
you will ask me questions to which i shall reply, and i shall ask you questions, to which you have to respond.
explaining her slap remark from a rally at purulia later in the day, she said, i have never told you that i shall slap you.
why should i slap you?
i have said slap of democracy, please try to understand the language.
people will defeat you in the elections.
that is the slap of democracy.
nuclear power corporation of india (npcil) wants to renegotiate the nuclear power plant at haripur in coastal west bengal with the mamatabanerjee government, an official of the psu said in kolkata on monday.
soon after assuming power in may 2011, the chief minister scrapped the project and categorically stated the government wont allow nuclear plants anywhere in the state.
on monday, npcil officials said in kolkata that despite the state government objecting to the project, the company authorities did not shelve the proposal for setting up six nuclear reactors in russian collaboration.
read: second unit ready for nuclear power generation at kudankulamthe plan was never shelved.
we are ready.
we are awaiting the state governments decision.
it is a proposed plant and we hope to have a positive discussion very soon with the state government, anutosh chakraborty, additional chief engineer, haripur nuclear park, said on the sidelines of an event to release the report of a survey on bird species on the coastal bengal, including haripur.
the plan is to build the plant in six phases  following the model at kudankulam.
mamata mamatabanerjee categorically opposed the nuclear power plant in haripur, about 125 km away.
(ht photo)this is the first time that a pre-project bird study has been conducted at any proposed nuclear power plant site in india, chakraborty said.
the power plant proposal received positive response from the erstwhile left front government, but hit roadblocks when locals, especially the fishermen and farming communities, lodged massive protests and got the support of trinamool congress.
read: n-plant plan meets stiff oppositionon monday, minutes after the npcils press meet, state power minister sovandeb chatterjee told ht that the state governments stand has not changed.
the state government has no plans to agree to any nuclear power plant anywhere in the state.
that stand has not changed, chatterjee said.
former lok sabha mp and now state transport minister suvendu adhikari played a prominent role in organising opposition to the resistance movement to the proposed plant.
(ht photo)in august 2011 former power minister manish gupta announced in the assembly the state governments opposition to the plant.
during the day, the survey titled coastal avian diversity survey west bengal -2017, was released from the office of the additional chief engineer-haripur nuclear park.
read: scrap haripur nuclear power project, demand localsthe report said that volunteers from npcil, members of prakruti samsad, researchers from wildlife institute of india-deheradun and other likeminded birders participated in the study conducted over 2016 and 2017.
the information gathered through this study shall prove pivotal to shorebird conservation planning in our country, the report claimed.
as many as 34 bird species were identified at the shoura-haripur belt, the second highest among the 12 coastal belts surveyed across the coastal districts of east midnapore and south 24 parganas.
highest numbers of species - 38 - were identified at neighbouring junput area.
opposition parties in west bengal on monday blamed chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjees prime ministerial ambitions for the violence that blighted voting for the panchayat elections and left 15 people dead.
the union home ministry sought a report from the state government on the violence.
the trinamool congress was accused of perpetrating violence in all the districts, though the deaths were reported from seven of them.
the state election commission, which was ordered by the calcutta high court and the supreme court last week to ensure free and fair polling, faced the ire of voters and opposition parties for failing to carry out the orders.
in 2003, 76 people were killed and 2013s death toll was 39.
but mondays polling stood out for unprecedented rigging, booth capturing and burning of ballot papers right in front of the media and, in some places, even in the presence of policemen.
the number of deaths this year was far fewer than those in earlier years.
we tried our best to achieve a completely peaceful election.
but despite our efforts a few sporadic incidents and death took place, said director general of police surajit kar purkayastha.
the dgp confirmed the deaths of 12 people in the violence , according to news agency ani.
the violence unfolded hours after the chief minister told two prominent bengali television channels that her government wants peaceful polling and asked people not to give in to provocation.
bengal congress president adhir ranjan chowdhury alleged that the violence was the outcome of mamatabanerjee banerjees ambition to emerge as the face of the so-called third front ahead of the 2019 lok sabha elections.
trinamools victory was always assured because of sheer numbers.
hence, people should have been allowed to cast the ballot.
but mamatabanerjee wants to demolish the opposition completely.
she wants to win all the 42 lok sabha seats next year so that she may emerge as a strong contender in the race for the prime ministers chair, said chowdhury, the berhampore lok sabha mp from murshidababd district which was a congress bastion till five years ago.
banerjee is yet to issue a statement on the violence.
but trinamool congress secretary general and education minister partha chatterjee maintained that polling was largely peaceful.
polling took place in 41,000 polling stations.
apart from a few sporadic incidents, polling was peaceful.
trinamool congress, as a party, never wants or supports such incidents.
the state government provided support to the sec with as much as possible, he said.
our party supporters were beaten up too.
but they kept their cool.
six of our party supporters were killed today.
some other parties are claiming that their supporters were killed, which is not true, chatterjee said.
others differed.
former principal of presidency college (now a university) and political scientist amal mukherjee said the situation called for invoking presidents rule under article 356 of the constitution.
on sunday, mamatabanerjee assured the people that they could cast their votes without fear because adequate security arrangements had been made.
her assurances have not yielded any result.
it is a shame for the ruling party.
there is no democracy at all in bengal.
this is nothing but fascism, said mukherjee.
union minister of state for heavy industries babul supriyo also demanded presidents rule in the state.
democracy has been murdered, he alleged.
manoj bhattacharya, rsp national secretariat member and former mp said the violence was indicative of the cms desire for total control.
there used to be electoral violence even when we were in power but i cant remember ballot papers being looted or burnt across bengal or opposition candidates in each and every village stopped from filing nomination.
this anarchy has stemmed from mamatabanerjee banerjees aspiration to establish absolute control, alleged bhattachaya.
our booth-level workers are telling us not to demand repoll.
they say there will be more violence.
with supreme court keeping on hold the fate of 34  seats till july 3, trinamool is desperate to win the remaining 66   seats, he said.
democracy turned into a face today, said left front chairman and cpi (m) politburo member biman bose who sat on dharna outside the state election commissions office along with cpi(m) state secretary suryakanta mishra.
the governments decision to deploy civic police volunteers - it is an informal force raised to generate employment - to secure polling stations also came under question.
on monday, there were 81,000 civic police volunteers on duty, about 10,000 more than uniformed policemen.
in 2013, when the rural polls were held in five phases, more than 80,000 central police and paramilitary personnel were deployed in bengal.
food minister jyotipriyo mullick alleged that bjp leaders brought hundreds of people from bangladesh and sheltered them in different areas of north 24 parganas district after villagers caught a few toughs who stormed a booth in bagda early in the morning.
if so many people came from bangladesh, why did the administration fail to catch a few of them?
asked bjp state president dilip ghosh.
forest officials in west bengals bankura district have started issuing sms alerts about the movement of elephants to prevent man-animal conflicts that have resulted in several deaths.
a person can get the information by making a missed call to a designated number (9015181881).
the move came after chief minister mamatabanerjee pulled up forest officials for the number of deaths caused by the elephant attacks in bankura-west midnapore belt.
last year as many as 29 persons were killed in bankura district.
this year, too, five have lost their lives in elephant attacks.
pinaki mitra, divisional forest officer of bankura (north) division, said the alerts will inform people on how many elephants are present in a certain area.
we have spread the information about this number.
the elephants are tracked by the forest departments ground staff, who are given beats under divisions.
in west midnapore there are four divisions and in bankura, three.
the beat staff inform the division office about the number of elephants roaming in their area.
currently, there are no migratory elephants in bankura and west midnapore which come from the dolma hills of jharkhand.
however, in west midnapore district, there are 40 resident elephants.
in bankura, the number of similar elephants is 25.
forest officials explained these resident elephants dont move in herds unlike the stray ones.
therefore, they pose relatively less danger.
in neighbouring west midnapore district, officials, however, follow a different strategy: send bulk sms alerts to administrative, panchayat officials, other prominent people of the area as well as the members of forest protection committee (fpc), who are supposed to spread the information to the locals and other travellers.
migratory elephants from dolma started coming to bengal from the late eighties in search of food.
but only about 40-50 elephants used to come and stay for about three-four months.
but now about 150 elephants come regularly and they stay for about eight months.
with abundance of natural food in bankura and west midnapore, some migratory elephants also stay back and become residents.
apart from killing people, the elephants that stray into bengal from the dolma hills routinely destroy property and damage crops.
bjp leader bs yeddyurappa resigned as karnatakas chief minister on saturday, minutes before a supreme court-ordered trust vote and two days after he was sworn in.
im resigning as chief minister.
im grateful to the speaker for giving me this opportunity, yeddyurappa said in the karnataka assembly after it became clear that the bjp wouldnt get the support of enough mlas to support his government.
people blessed us with 104 seats.
the mandate wasnt for the congress or the jd(s).
the governor invited us to form the government because we are the largest party.
.
.
till the last breath of my life, i will work for the people of karnataka, he said in an emotional speech.
jd(s) leader hd kumaraswamy said on saturday evening the governor vajubhai vala has invited the alliance to form a government and announced that he will take oath as the karnataka chief minister around noon on monday.
sources said the time was decided on advice of his astrologers.
the trust vote was ordered by the supreme court on a petition by the congress and jd(s) challenging governor vajubhai valas decision inviting yeddyurappa to form the government and prove his majority in 15 days after election results were announced on tuesday.
the congress won 78 seats and the jd(s) 37.
one seat went to jd(s) ally bsp, and the others to a local party and an independent.
voting was held on may 12 in 222 out of the states 224 seats.
congress leader ghulam nabi azad said that none of the party members deserted in the face of pressure by the bjp and central agencies.
congress president rahul gandhi attacked the bjp and the rss saying hopefully they got a lesson that institutions and will of the country cannot be disrespected.
the country has shown the bjp, pm narendra modi and amit shah that the institutions of the country are bigger than their moneybags, gandhi said at a press conference in new delhi.
union minister prakash javadekar responded to gandhis allegations, saying the congress presidents statements were laughable, and that the alliance was opportunistic and not based on any ideology.
the karnataka assembly convened in bengaluru at 11 am on saturday after the congress and the jd(s) withdrew their demand for the removal of bjp leader kg bopaiah as protem speaker.
half an hour earlier, the supreme court had begun hearing a petition against bopaiahs appointment.
the court said that to decide on bopaiahs appointment, he would have to be heard first and that would mean delaying the trust vote, scheduled to be held by 4pm.
kapil sibal and other lawyers representing the congress and jd (s) then dropped their demand for a new pro-tem speaker.
the court, however, ordered the proceedings in the assembly to be telecast live on local tv channels.
the suspense continued as newly appointed mlas took the oath of office.
two congress mlas, anand singh and pratap gouda patil, failed to mark their presence amid reports that they were in a bengaluru hotel with bjp legislator g somashekhar reddy.
the mlas eventually returned to the assembly and were the last to take oath.
the congress released audio clips that purportedly showed yeddyurappa and other bjp leaders trying to influence congress mlas.
the bjp rejected the allegations.
hindustan times has not verified the authenticity of the clips.
congress and jd(s) mlas had been bussed to hyderabad on friday amid allegations that the bjp was trying to make them switch sides or abstain from voting.
they returned to bengaluru on saturday morning.
opposition reactspolitical rivals of the bjp, which is the ruling party at the centre, welcomed the developments in karnataka.
poor mr yeddyurappa.
when the puppeteers fail, the puppet falls and breaks, congress leader and former union minister p chidambaram tweeted.
west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee posted on the social networking site: democracy wins.
congratulations karnataka.
congratulations deve gowda ji, kumaraswamy ji, congress and others.
victory of the regional front.
yeddyurappa, 75, became karnatakas chief minister for the first time in october 2007 in a bjp-janata dal (secular) coalition government.
he lasted in the post for over a month, when the jd-s withdrew support and his government fell in november 2007.
he became chief minister for the second time after the bjp came to power for the first time in south india on its own in the may 2008 mid-term assembly election, riding on a sympathy wave over jd (s) betrayal.
he had to resign three years later in july 2011 after the lokayukta, karnatakas anti-corruption watchdog, indicted him for alleged corruption in a multi-crore mining scam.
footballupdated: aug 01, 2019 22:48 istwest bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee hit out at meghalaya governor tathagata roy on thursday, saying his remarks about the east bengal football club were disrespectful.
roy had kicked up a controversy on tuesday when he asked east bengal supporters if they had ever wondered why they were with that club while being in west bengal.
east bengal athletic club (basically soccer) is celebrating its centenary.
has it struck its office-bearers or any of its supporters why they are supporting east bengal while sitting in west bengal?
he had asked.
banerjee, who was the chief patron at the clubs centenary celebrations here, took the occasion to give it back to the meghalaya governor, a former president of the state bharatiya janata party.
we are proud of east bengal, mohun bagan and mohammedan sporting and their supporters, she said, adding that the people support the clubs with their lives and they do not tolerate the club being disrespected.
roy had clarified that what he meant was people were driven out of east bengal (now bangladesh) because of our religion.
some people feel people from east bengal can only support the club.
she said these relationships were beyond all geographic boundaries.
just because i was born in this part of bengal, it does not mean that i am not east bengal.
or i cannot love east bengal.
this is disrespecting east bengal, the chief minister said.
the foundation day event on thursday saw a galaxy of stars, with indias two iconic former cricket captains, kapil dev and sourav ganguly, sharing the dais with football legends bhaichung bhutia and sunil chhetri.
kapil dev, indias first world cup-winning captain, received east bengals highest honour, bharat gaurav.
the centenary celebrations began on sunday with a big torch rally from their origin kumartuli park to the club lawns, and it will continue till next year.
banerjee said the west bengal government had plans to felicitate the club separately during the course of the celebrations.
the chief minister also said it was a proud moment for the state to host the 129th edition of the durand cup.
durand cup is starting from tomorrow and taking place for the first time in bengal.
i welcome all to go and watch, she added.
tripura chief minister biplab kumar deb is at it again.
after commenting on the choice of diana hayden as the miss world, he is of the view that mechanical engineers should not go for civil services.
in my view, civil engineers should join civil services but mechanical engineers should not, deb said at a function in agartala on friday.
he argued that if a civil engineer becomes an indian administrative services (ias) officer, s/he can offer inputs in construction projects, which mechanical engineers cannot do.
deb was speaking at a function on civil service day.
in earlier times, students of humanities background used to appear for civil service examinations.
but now the trend has changed as doctors, engineers too opt for the competitive examinations, he said.
one should not opt for civil services after studying mechanical engineering.
civil engineers have the experience and knowledge to help build the administration and society, he said.
the tripura chief minister also favoured doctors for the civil services as he said their knowledge of sick persons can help them to act immediately.
in case of any successful person, including cricketers, you have to be an all-rounder, he said.
the new tripura chief ministers comments came a day after he said that former miss world diana hayden did not represent indian beauty.
read | diana hayden says she is proud of her brown skin as biplab deb says didnt intend to hurt anyonehe had said that the characteristics of indian beauty should be like lakshmi and saraswati, hindu goddesses for wealth and education, and hayden lacked them.
comparing hayden with another former miss world aishwarya rai, he said rai is representative of an indian beauty.
hayden won the miss india and miss world contest in 1997.
aishwarya rai became the miss world in 1994.
koi bhi aata hain to mil jata hain.
diana hayden ko bhi mil jata hain (anyone who steps into beauty contests, get crown of miss india or miss world.
even diana hayden got it), he said.
he, however, expressed regrets for his remarks, saying he was talking about how to promote handloom products in tripura.
i did not intend to hurt anyone, and i regret if anyone is hurt.
.
.
i respect women as i respect my mother, he was quoted as saying by ani.
apparently two weeks ago, deb made a statement about existence of internet and satellite during mahabharata era, drawing sharp reactions from every corner.
later, speaking on development issue at the civil services programme, deb threw a challenge to west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjee.
i will bring development in tripura in three years and i will show her comparison of economic growth of the two states.
she should not look down at my state due to its small size.
it is the size of vision, and not the size of a state, that matters for development, deb said.
as many as 100 doctors in state-run hospitals in bengal on friday wrote to authorities expressing their desire to resign from service even as health services were severely affected as junior doctors continued their stir for the fourth day.
the junior doctors have been on strike since tuesday in protest against the brutal assault on two colleagues in nilratan sarkar medical college and hospital on monday night by family members of an octogenarian patient who passed away.
even an ultimatum by chief minister mamatabanerjee on thursday to resume work or face action failed to bring the striking doctors back to the wards.
between thursday and friday afternoon, as many as 92 doctors -- professors, associate professors, assistant professors and medical officers -- wrote to the authorities expressing their desire to step down.
the maximum number of such requests were from kolkatas rg kar medical college and hospital where at least 60 doctors from general medicine, surgery, neurosurgery departments submitted their resignation to the director of medical education.
on thursday, they gathered at the campus, expressed support for the agitation of the junior doctors and demanded that the chief minister apologise for her statements against the agitators.
at least 60 professors, associate and assistant professors have already wrote expressing their desire to resign.
but the number is likely to increase, said debarati bardhan, a doctor at the hospital.
there are reports that about 100 doctors may also resign from nrs medical college and hospital.
in north bengal medical college and hospital(nbmch)in siliguri, the biggest healthcare unit in north bengal, head of psychiatry nirmal bera and his colleague from the same department uttam majumdar wrote to the principal expressing their desire to resign.
at least 12 doctors of the nbmch medicine department also resigned on friday afternoon.
for the past few years, attacks on doctors have happened repeatedly.
instead of understanding our concern for lack of safety, the chief minister threatened us on thursday, said bera.
on thursday evening, saibal mukherjee, principal, and saurabh chattopadhyay, medical superintendent and vice principal of nrs medical college and hospital offered to resign, saying they have been unable to solve the ongoing problem.
on thursday, as many as 18 doctors of college of medicine & sagore dutta hospital in north 24 parganas submitted letters to the principal to step down from service.
chief minister mamatabanerjee has not only ruled out talks with the agitators, but also threatened to invoke essential services maintenance act against the doctors and eviction from hostels (if they did not work) and face punitive action.
she has also alleged that they are falling prey to instigation by political parties.
alampur, a locality in metiabruz area on the outskirts of kolkata, has been under section 144 of code of criminal procedure (crpc) since january 23 evening.
according to the city police, unlawful assembly of more than four people is restricted as a few members of a community erected road blocks in the area, leading to tension between two groups.
for the past few months, small communal clashes have become a major headache for the bengal government.
the flare-ups started last october and since then have been taking place in different parts of the state  kaliachak, chanchol (malda district), jalangi (murshidabad), chandannagar (hooghly), bhagabanpur (east midnapore), gol bazar (west midnapore), kanchrapara (north 24 parganas), dhulagarh (howrah), and kaksha (burdwan), to name a few.
chief minister mamatabanerjee has been emphasising the need for communal harmony.
trinamool congress leaders have dubbed the incidents as an outcome of a pattern and have asked the administration to contain the incidents.
our cm has already stated that communal harmony, which is our tradition, will be maintained at any cost.
those who are conspiring against the people of bengal, from spreading rumours to spreading communal tension will fail, said a senior trinamool congress mp.
police force, including rapid action force was deployed, section 144 was imposed in these areas and several miscreants were arrested in each incident.
of these, dhulagarh grabbed most attention in december-end, with the bjp, congress and cpi(m) sending out their leaders to the epicentre.
general secretary sitaram yechury himself was part of the team.
so far, the state government has been silent about the problem but state bjp leaders have appealed to governor kesari nath tripathi and demanded centres intervention.
on the one hand, the cm is dubbing these incidents as minor, on the other hand, the police officers are being transferred.
after the dhulagarh incident, the police superintendent was removed.
low-intensity attacks on a community are going on in different parts of the state.
in kaliachak, a police station was vandalised and everyone knows how.
the bharatiya janata party (bjp) has made deep inroads into west bengal in a blood-stained election and shaken the foundation of chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjees trinamool congress (tmc) in its own backyard.
as the end of the counting of votes, the bjp had won 18 seats with a vote share of 40.
23 , improving its 2014 performance of two seats and 17  vote share.
trinamools tally is down to 22 seats from 34 in 2014.
a well thought out strategy, well-oiled party machinery and months of rigorous preparation stood the bjp in good stead in the election.
the effort started in 2015 when bjp chief amit shah, who had taken over the reins of the party a year before that, deputed two leaders to accomplish mission bengal.
bjp general secretary, kailash vijayvargiya, a veteran from madhya pradesh, and rashtriya swayamsevak sangh leader, shiv prakash, also the partys joint organisational secretary, were sent to kolkata.
also read | boosting economy to bridging divide, pm modi has his task cut outthe party lacked a face, the organisational structure was weak and workers lacked a killer instinct, a bjp functionary in new delhi said on condition of anonymity.
shah personally monitored improvement on each of these fronts.
the number of bjp mandals  the smallest unit of the party  increased from 452 to 1,280 in three years, expanding the number of stakeholders within the party set-up.
the state was divided into five zones  uttar banga, navadeep, rar banga, hooghly midnapur and kolkata  with each of them comprising about eight lok sabha seats.
another rss volunteer, arvind menon, who, for years, oversaw the building of the partys organisation in madhya pradesh, soon joined the other two leaders.
odisha bjp leader, suresh pujari, was also drafted in.
but the return of mamatabanerjee as chief minister in 2016 and the bjps poor show in the assembly elections came as a blow.
the bjps vote share dropped from 17  in the 2014 parliamentary election to just 10.
3  in the 2016 assembly election.
we realised what was wrong and started working on it, a bjp leader who is part of mission bengal said, requesting that he not be identified as he is not authorised to speak to the media.
also read | victory not mine, but of people desperate for honesty: pm modithe next several months went into putting a team in place in the 78,000-odd poling stations in west bengal.
by then, this number was in the range of 25,000.
we managed to build a team of grassroots workers on every booth and it helped increase our footprint in bengal.
today, we have our organisation in 60-65,000 polling stations, vijayvargiya said.
all this while, vijayvargiya would take on mamatabanerjee on political grounds and shiv prakash would stay in the background to provide logistical support.
mass contact and organisational meetings took place simultaneously.
the party had now expanded in west bengal and it was time to add muscle to it.
the bjp tapped prominent politicians who were sulking in the trinamool.
former railway minister, mukul roy, of the trinamool was a big catch in 2017, and the one-time close associate of mamatabanerjee helped the bjp identify potential leaders who could cross over.
more than two dozen prominent leaders, including mps and mlas, have joined the bjp since then.
speaking to reporters hours after the calcutta high court ordered a central probe into the scandal, mamatabanerjee alleged the scandal  first aired on naradanews.com in march 2016  was sponsored by the bjp.
everyone knows this that the sting was published from bjp officewe will approach the higher judiciary, ani quoted the chief minister as saying.
calcutta high court acting chief justice nishita mhatre and justice t chakraborty asked the cbi to complete a preliminary inquiry in 72 hours and file an fir, if necessary.
the probe sets the stage for fresh confrontation between mamatabanerjee  who emerged as the fulcrum of anti-bjp protests over demonetisation  and the centre.
this is the third big scam  after the saradha and rose valley scandals  that involves top trinamool leaders.
the naradanews sting operation featured a dozen trinamool leaders purportedly accepting cash from the representative of a fictitious company.
six lok sabha mps of the party, three top state ministers and the mayor of kolkata were seen as taking money on behalf of the party.
the timing of the expose triggered a torrent of allegations from mamatabanerjee who described it as a conspiracy.
the central forensic science laboratory has ruled that the videos were genuine.
but despite the criticism, mamatabanerjee won a sweeping victory in the assembly elections that followed.
the trinamool congress is the fourth-largest party in the lok sabha and has a sizeable presence in the rajya sabha.
with the teesta water-sharing pact off the radar for signing, india and bangladesh are in discussion to ink a comprehensive defence pact during the visit of prime minister sheikh hasnia to india in april.
though the discussions on the contours are still going on, what india is eying is a comprehensive defence pact that encompasses training, sale of military hardware and military to military cooperation.
india is also willing commit up to 500 million usd in line of credit for military cooperation with dhaka.
if comes through, this would be indias highest ever credit line for defence cooperation.
for years, india was not keen on giving line of credit for defence hardware purchases, but that policy is changing slowly but steadily.
for india what lends urgency to wrap up a comprehensive pact is dhakas growing proximity with china on defence matters.
hasina is slated to visit both delhi and ajmer.
sources said the discussions for a defence pact is progressing and yet to reach a final shape.
in november last year, bangladesh purchased two submarines from china, much to the discomfiture of india.
and china remains bangladeshs biggest supplier of military hardware.
during the visit of chinese president xi jinping to dhaka last year two countries signed pacts amounting to us$ 25 billion in investments in bangladesh.
but for bangladesh prime minister hasina, going for another major pact is not an easy proposition.
the pro-india leader fights criticism is that she is giving too much to india and getting too little in return.
over the years, hasina walked the extra mile in addressing indias concerns over insurgency and connectivity.
however, new delhi is unable to sign the much-awaited teesta water-sharing pact.
bangladesh and india share 54 rivers but none evokes as much passion in bangladesh as teesta.
but water being a state subject, the centre cannot hope to conclude a deal on sharing teesta water without getting west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on board.
negotiations on teesta are on for the past 18 years.
as per an agreement of 2011, which was not signed due to opposition from mamatabanerjee , the two sides had agreed to share the rivers water 50:50, the same as the 1996 ganges water-sharing pact between the neighbours.
of late, dhaka is complaining that the flow of teesta is thinning alarmingly.
dhaka says that the average flow of teesta in the last ten days of march, considered a lean season, was 315 cusecs in 2015 compared to 550 cusecs during same period in 2014.
there being not enough water is a complain that even west bengal raises, while objecting to the water sharing pact.
women dwellers of the dingy slum at chetla lockgate area in chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjees constituency bhawanipur, gave bjp president amit shah a warm reception on wednesday, blowing conch cells and showering flowers on him, but were left upset as none of them could tell the bjp helmsman anything about their woes.
we were all expecting him to listen to our problems.
but as his security guards, the media persons and crowd of bjp leaders jostled for place in this narrow lane, we got no chance at all to say tell him what we all wanted to, said krishna jana, a middle-aged woman minutes after the bjp president left the spot on wednesday afternoon.
jana, like some other women of the area, was clad in a white saree with red borders usually worn on auspicious occasions.
it was impossible for the locals to steal a quiet moment from the jostling security personnel, party leaders and photographers in the dingy lanes.
one of the major problems that they wanted to tell the bjp boss is the perennial sewerage trouble in the area.
(samir jana/ht photo)shah entered the house of five of her neighbours - kalpana mondal, sandhya baidya, arati jana, tulu mondal and mamoni mondal.
but none of them managed to tell him what they wanted to.
read: didi suffering from bjp-phobia, agli bar bangla, says amit shahthese ground level bjp workers were visibly happy that shah and other senior leaders entered their home and saw the conditions in which they live, but in the end were left peeved at the situation.
we are happy that at least some top politician came to see our living conditions.
he said us hello and asked how we were doing.
i offered him some fruits which he ate.
we wanted to tell him about the poor drainage facilities in our slum and lack of toilets.
but we got no time for that because of his tight schedule and the crowd that always surrounded him, said baidya, who works as a domestic help.
she started supporting bjp three years ago.
on tuesday, the bjp present went to the house of a scheduled tribe family, had lunch there and spoke to gita kahali, the wife of a labourer.
the widely televised event raised the expectations of the residents of the slum in chetla too.
the widely televised unhurried lunch of amit shah at the residence of a scheduled tribe labourer in naxalbari on tuesday and his chat with the host gita kahali also raised the expectations of the chetla residents.
(ht photo)we were told he is coming to listen to us.
how is it possible for him to listen to us if he is accompanied by a crowd of bjp leaders, security persons and media people?
anita mondal asked.
read: shah kicks off booth chalo drive in naxalbari with lunch at villagers hutshah was accompanied by general secretary kailash vijayavargiya, state president dilip ghosh, national secretary rahul sinha, joint secretary shivprakash and prominent state leaders rupa ganguly, locket chatterjee and chandra kumar bose, among others.
there was an air of expectation among the dwellers of the slum for the past fww days since it was announ ed that the bjp boss would visit the area considered as underbelly of the entire constituency.
on wednesday more than 200 people from the slum gathered to listen to shah and get a glimpse of him.
all of them were not bjp supporters but they converged on the spot with the hope of drawing attention of the authorities over the issues that concern them in their daily lives.
i witnessed hell today.
how pathetic is their living conditions!
vijayvargiya exclaimed, adding, we have to find out where are the money allotted for swachh bharat abhiyan going to.
the local trinamool congress councillor, pranab biswas, however, could not promise a permanent solution to the drainage problem overnight.
we are sending our teams for the cleaning needs every day.
but a permanent solution would take time, as the drainage is linked the adiganga canal, which is not in a good condition.
well, however, try to solve the problem with toilets, biswas told ht.
pandey incited fellow indian soldiers to attack british officers and himself injured two british officers on march 29, 1857.
he was arrested and hanged on april 8, 1857, 10 days before schedule.
the bengal chief minister announced on tuesday that the highlight of the circuit will be a perpetual flame like the amar jawan jyoti at india gate in delhi.
the perpetually burning flame styled as amar jawan jyoti in new delhi will be named uthsa dhara.
this was the starting point of indias first war of independence and mangal pandey was the countrys first martyr, she said while chairing an administrative meeting at barrackpore in north 24 parganas district.
read: mangal pandey desecratedbarrackpore, on the eastern banks of river hooghly about 30 kilometres from kolkata, was the seat of the 34th regiment of bengal native infantry of the british east india company that was disbanded in the aftermath of pandeys rebellion.
the film on mangal pandey starring aamir khan had a budget of more than rs 35 crore in 2005 and was one of the most expensive films attempted by bollywood.
(ht photo)barrackpores role in the 1857 revolt is part of heritage and a tourism circuit will be developed around that heritage, she said.
she also announced a grant of rs 5 crore from the states urban development department.
read: mangal pandey draws huge crowds at ffiithe first british barrack in india was built in barrackpore in 1772.
after the british crown assumed direct control of india, a sprawling government house was built in barrackpore to provide the viceroy with a suburban residence.
barrackpore is located on banks of the river.
pandeys death created huge repercussions among indian soldiers in other parts of the country.
it is regarded to have played a key role in the spread of the revolt.
pandeys bravery inspired legends for years.
in 2005, amir khan played his role in the ketan mehta-directed mangal pandey: the rising, a biopic on pandey.
at a time when chief minister mamatabanerjee is pulling up authorities of hospitals in the state for overcharging and shoddy treatment, the sub-divisional hospital of kharagpore presented a different picture by celebrating the rice eating ceremony of a girl child who was abandoned by her mother after delivery.
a mentally unstable woman delivered the baby on september 28 last year.
since then the nine nurses of the paediatric ward have been looking after her.
they have named her rani.
read: abandoned by her own, girl child finds love among strangersgorgeous in a pink dress, six-month-old rani was at her bubbly best on monday as the nurses kept coddling her.
over the past six months, she has known the nurses of the paediatric ward of the hospital as her mother.
rani on the lap of the chief medical officer of health of west midnapore district.
(ht photo)the hospital authority decorated the paediatric ward with balloons.
at the entrance of the room they also slapped a poster declaring the occasion.
keeping with the custom, the nurses decorated little rani with sandalwood paste.
sutrishna bhattacharya, a nurse, prepared payesh at her home and brought it to the hospital.
hospital super krishnendu mukherjee, and chief medical officer of health of west midnapore district girish chandra bera put the sweet prepared by bhattacharya on ranis tongue.
read: delhi cops turn saviour for abandoned infant, name her swadhachocolates were distribute among the patients of the ward where 20 children are undergoing treatment.
bera also brought three sets of dress and a towel for the girl.
the grand mother of a seven-month-old girl, rajanya das, who is admitted in the ward, gifted a dress set for the baby.
the employees also arranged a midday meal.
all arrangements were funded with contribution from the employees, said the hospital superintendent.
incidentally, the nurses are also rearing a three-month-old boy who was found by the roadside.
they have named him raja.
raja is calm, but rani is naughty, said sutrishna.
below the merriment on monday, a silent strain of sadness was palpable.
raja has to leave the hospital soon.
child line authorities are preparing papers and they will take away raja.
ranis documents are yet to be processed.
we dont know how we will bid goodbye to them.
we are praying that they remain here, we take all the care of the babies, said a nurse.
in an unprecedented move, the ec on wednesday cut short the poll campaign in west bengal by 19 hours after the bjp and the tmc accused each other of orchestrating the violence at a kolkata roadshow by bjp president amit shah the previous evening in the endgame of a bitterly fought general election.
eci acted in the aftermath of the violence in which a statue of ishwar chandra vidyasagar, an icon of the bengali renaissance, was damaged by vandals who stormed the 147-year-old institution established by vidyasagar, also a social reformer.
campaigning for the nine lok sabha seats that will go to polls in west bengal on may 19, the seventh and final phase of the 17th general elections, will end at 10 pm on thursday, the poll watchdog said, instead of 5 pm on friday at which it will end in 50 other seats that will vote on the same day.
no election campaigning to be held in nine parliamentary constituencies of west bengal, namely dum dum, barasat, basirhat, jaynagar, mathurapur, jadavpur, diamond harbour, south and north kolkata, from 10pm tomorrow [thursday] till the conclusion of polls, deputy election commissioner chandra bhushan kumar told reporters.
it is the first time that eci has curtailed the campaign duration in a state, invoking article 324 of the constitution.
also on wednesday night, eci ordered the removal of the principal secretary (home), atri bhattacharya, and additional director general, criminal investigation department (cid), rajeev kumar, from their postings in west bengal for interfering in the process of conducting elections.
the announcement climaxed a day on which prime minister narendra modi launched a harshly bitter attack against tmc chief and west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee banergee on her own turf as the tmc and his bharatiya janata party (bjp) accused each other of orchestrating the violence in kolkata on tuesday.
modi, 68, said mamatabanerjee was destroying the bhadralok, or genteel and ethos that west bengal had come to be represent, in an election rally at taki on the indo-bangla border in north 24 parganas district.
he said mamatabanerjee , 64, had been frightened by the rise of the bjp in west bengal and accused her of being despotic.
mamata mamatabanerjee is high on power and wants to strangle democracy.
mamata didi had declared publicly two days ago that she will avenge every inch of space that she loses to the bjp.
she fulfilled her agenda within 24 hours, he said.
modi said the entire nation had watched on television the previous evening how tmc thugs had attacked bjp president amit shahs kolkata roadshow and was anxiously awaiting the outcome of the poll results in west bengal.
modi also specifically targeted mamatabanerjee over the chit fund scandal in which tens of thousands of small investors lost their life savings and the saradha group collapsed in 2013.
her government is out to destroy everything in the state, he said, adding that the people of bengal had made up their minds to end the tmcs reign.
i dont consider these as ecs decision.
these have been taken as per the direction of the bjp, modi and amit shah.
union minister arun jaitley, however, defended the poll watchdog: a constitutional authority, the election commission of india, has effectively held bengal to be a state in anarchy.
repeatedly escalating violence, state supported vandals, a partisan police and home department are the illustrations the eci has given.
the bjp and tmc held up what they said was proof substantiating their allegations of each other engineering tuesdays violence, turning up the political temperatures ahead of the seventh and final phase polling in which a total of 59 lok sabha seats spread across seven states and a union territory (chandigarh) will be up for grabs.
it be followed by counting of votes and declaration of results on may 23.
we will not be intimidated by violence.
anger of bengalis will translate into defeat for mamatabanerjee didi, who is stifling democracy in the state, shah said at a press conference in new delhi.
he said eci had been reduced to a mute spectator in west bengal and was partial to the tmc.
a section of the crowd stormed the gates of the 147-year-old vidyasagar college, broke glass panes and furniture and set fire to bicycles and motorbikes.
the college gates were closed, room was locked.
.
.
who opened the lock?
bjp workers did not enter the college, said shah, who held up photographs he claimed were proof that trinamool congress workers broke the statue of vidyasagar.
i was lucky to escape, shah said, demanding an independent probe into the incident by a neutral agency.
had the crpf [central reserve police force] not been there, it would have been difficult for me to escape.
leaders of the tmc struck back at the bjp chief with what they said was videotaped evidence to establish the bjps complicity in the violence and vandalism of the statue of vidyasagar.
the tmc tried to portray the incident as having hurt bengali pride.
party leaders, including mamatabanerjee , replaced their social media profile photos with photos of vidyasagar to protest the alleged desecration of his statuewhat happened yesterday hurt the very ethos of bengal, tmc leader derek obrien said.
today is the saddest press conference we have held.
saddest for all of us to see the streets of kolkata.
there is anger and there is shock.
he released a video which showed people jumping over the fence to enter the college in his rebuttal to shah.
obrien said the men who broke the statute were bjp thugs who had been brought to kolkata from as far away as uttar pradesh for the roadshow.
mr amit shah is a liar.
the video is the proof, said obrien at a media briefing before heading to the election commission with a litany of complaints against the bjp.
banerjee took out a protest rally on wednesday.
is he above everything?
is he god that no one can protest against him.
west bengal elects 42 members of the lok sabha, behind only uttar pradesh (80) and maharashtra (48), and shah has set a target of winning at least 22 seats and emerging as the principal opposition to the trinamool, which ended the lefts 34-year rule over the state in 2011.
in new delhi, the bjp staged a silent protest at janta mantar in new delhi.
union ministers nirmala sitharaman, jitendra singh, vijay goel and harsh vardhan wore black bands and put fingers on their lips sitting on the stage.
some bjp workers were also carrying placards which read: save bengal, save democracy.
yesterday, our national presidents [amit shah] rally was hit by violence, but if it wasnt for the crpf, our party president would not have come back safe, sitharaman told reporters.
i think the forthcoming defeat has left the cm of bengal, mamatabanerjee , completely rattled and she has been provoking her cadre to indulge in violence.
the congress on wednesday condemned the violence in kolkata which it blamed on the bjp.
a new politics where mobocracy is being actively encouraged and abetted by the ruling party  the bjp  in the country has gained ground in the past five years.
prime minister modi and amit shah-led bjp are squarely responsible for systematically damaging the cultural identity of each state in india, spokesperson abhishek manu singhvi told reporters.
the congresss incharge for bengal gaurav gogoi said: this is nothing but a covert attempt by pm modi to attack the federal structure of india.
it is a preview of the threat to indian democracy if pm modi returns to power in 2019.
a group of prominent muslims of kolkata have demanded strong action against members of their community who were involved in the attack on junior doctors at a government hospital and on former miss india ushoshi sengupta.
the signatories included educationist and businessman imran zaki, educationist and social worker mamoon akhtar, social worker and entrepreneur mudar patherya, nutrition specialist hena nafis and dr zahid h gangjee among 53 others.
the attackers in both cases were members of our community  muslims.
we are grieved and embarrassed, 53 people said in an open letter to chief minister mamatabanerjee on wednesday.
bring the assailants to book, not just in these instances but every single instance where muslims are involved.
they should not be allowed to get away scot-free because they happened to be muslims (as is a growing perception).
this will send out a message that members of one community are not being shielded or appeased (as most people believe), they said in the letter.
in the past, eminent muslims in kolkata had voiced their opinions on a range of issues but never spoke on these lines in recent memory.
it was apparent that the signatories were affected by thousands of social media posts and comments made by some politicians on the religious identity of the offenders.
several doctors were injured, one of them seriously, late on june 10 after relatives of md sayeed, an 82-year-old patient who died, and hundreds of others entered nrs hospital and attacked the staff.
this led to a state-wide strike by junior doctors which subsequently spread across the country.
the strike was called on its sixth day after mamatabanerjee held a meeting with the agitators and assured concrete measures.
police arrested five people.
sengupta was attacked by a group of motorcycle-borne young men in the heart of south kolkata late on monday night while she and her colleague were returning home in an uber taxi.
after sengupta wrote about her plight and that of the taxi driver on social media on tuesday afternoon, the post went viral and police sprang into action.
by evening, kolkata police arrested seven young men.
authorities also suspended a sub-inspector of charu market police station and issued a show-cause letter to two assistant sub-inspectors of bhawanipore and maidan police stations for not following rules which led to senguptas harassment and encouraged the attackers to follow her car all the way to her house.
opposition parties targeted the trinamool congress on this issue on wednesday.
doctors on strike in bengal on sunday agreed to meet chief minister mamatabanerjee but they say that the meeting should be open for media coevarge, reported pti.
the deadlock at the state-run medical colleges and hospitals in west bengal entered the sixth day on sunday.
after an internal meeting late on saturday, the doctors, who had turned down an invite for a closed-door meeting with mamatabanerjee at the state secretariat, mellowed down and stated that they were ready to hold a dialogue in any form, but the venue of the meeting would be decided later.
during a press conference at the state secretariat on saturday, mamatabanerjee urged the agitators to resume work and said her government had accepted all of their demands.
she also stressed that a group of doctors had met her and expressed their willingness to join duty, a claim vehemently refuted by the striking doctors.
during the meet, the chief minister emphasised that her government had not invoked the essential services maintenance act (esma) to get the doctors to resume work.
the ministry of home affairs has issued an advisory, seeking a report on the ongoing stir and stating that it had received a number of representations from the medical fraternity from different parts of the country for their safety and security in view of the strike in west bengal.
within a couple of hours of bollywood playback singer sonu nigam getting his head shaved, the muslim religious leader from kolkata who announced rs 10 lakh reward for anybody shaving nigams head wriggled out from paying the amount.
though he promised to pay the amount just a day earlier, syed sha atef ali al quaderi, who is the vice president, west bengal united minority council said on wednesday that he had put forward three conditions and shaving his head was only one of those.
read: sonu nigam takes cleric up on challenge to get head shaved, invites press as witnessthe question of paying rs 10 lakh does not arise, as i had announced the reward not only to shave his head but also to garland him with torn shoes and touring him around the country wearing it, quaderi told the media on wednesday evening.
it was not a fatwa.
i had expressed my opinion, quaderi also remarked.
on wednesday sonu nigam apologised in the press conference to anybody who was hurt by his comments.
(pti)on wednesday, nigam got his head shaved at a press conference held at his residence.
hairstylist aalim hakim shaved his head.
today at 2 pm aalim will come to my place, and shave my head.
keep your 10 lakhs ready maulavi, nigam twitted on wednesday morning.
the entire controversy was triggered after nigam twitted on sunday im not a muslim and i have to be woken up by the azaan in the morning.
when will this forced religiousness end in india.
on wednesday evening, quaderi also demanded that nigam has to apologise publicly for his twits.
read: sonu nigam tweets more clarification: mentioned temples, gurudwaras toohowever, noor-ur-rehman barkati, the imam of tipu sultan mosque of kolkata who is also known as the fatwa imam having given fatwas against a number of persons including prime minister narendra modi and author taslima nasreen, told ht that it was not a fatwa.
i had a word with quaderi, and he clarified to me that it was his opinion to counter that of sonu nigam.
if the singer can have his freedom of expression, so has anybody else, barkati told ht.
the singer also did not single out mosques but was also opposed to public address systems in other religious places of worship such as temples and churches.
the tipu sultan mosque imam who is close to chief minister mamatabanerjee also said, if nigam is disturbed by the sound of namaz and that of temple and church bells, he should shift his house to a spot where none of these reach him.
barkati also referred to a litigation in calcutta high court in the 1990s where a person wanted to include the sound of azaan in the list of noises above 165 decibels to be prohibited.
former chief minister siddhartha shankar ray fought the petition and the court turned down the plea, he told ht on wednesday.
quaderi is a relatively less prominent name in kolkatas cleric circle.
at wednesdays press conference, the bollywood singer also struck a conciliatory note and said that he was sorry if anybody was hurt by his comments.
on tuesday quaderi also vowed to hold a protest rally in central kolkata on rani rashmoni avenue.
delhi chief minister and the aam aadmi partys (aap) national convener arvind kejriwal on wednesday said he would support congress president rahul gandhi as prime ministerial candidate if he supported full statehood for the national capital.
in an interview with tv channel news18, kejriwal said, whichever party forms the next government, excluding the bjp, will have aaps support only if it supports aap on the issue of full statehood for delhi.
asked specifically about rahul gandhi, kejriwal said, if he is considered as a prime ministerial candidate, then i will support him only on the condition that he supports full statehood for delhi.
under the same condition, kejriwal said he would endorse west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee for the prime ministers post as well.
aap is too focussed in delhi.
these are national elections and they should think beyond just delhi.
getting statehood for delhi is not as easy as aap thinks it is, said p c chacko, all india congress committee delhi in-charge.
priyanka wasting her timeearlier, addressing a press conference, kejriwal said priyanka gandhi vadra, the congress general secretary in-charge of eastern uttar pradesh, was wasting her time campaigning in delhi.
she [priyanka] is wasting her time in the national capital, why doesnt she campaign in rajasthan and madhya pradesh?
she is doing rallies in uttar pradesh against sp-bsp, shes doing rallies in delhi against aap.
both the brother [rahul gandhi] and sister are not going to those places where there is direct fight with the bjp, kejriwal said.
on wednesday, priyanka led two road shows in the city for the partys  north east delhi constituency candidate and delhi congress chief sheila dikshit, and south delhi seat candidate vijender singh.
responding to this, chacko pointed to aaps efforts to ally with the congress earlier.
if the aap thinks that the congress is not strong enough why did they come for an alliance with us in the capital, chacko said.
on april 25, after a potential alliance between aap and the congress failed to materialise, kejriwal had criticised the congress president saying, if the modi-shah duo returns to power, only rahul gandhi will be responsible.
attacks bjp on illegal coloniesin the press conference, kejriwal also alleged that the bharatiya janata party (bjp) was planning to demolish unauthorised colonies and allot the lands to private builders.
i have learnt through government officials that the bjp government has drafted a plan to raze all unauthorised colonies in delhi and handing over the land to private builders.
luxurious apartments will be built in the place of these unauthorised colonies and those apartments will never be allotted to the poor people who live in those colonies, he said.
the bjp dismissed the allegation.
kejriwal has done no work (and) so is now deceiving people with lies and misinformation.
it is a figment of his imagination, said vijender gupta, bjp leader of opposition in the delhi assembly.
the bengal congress leadership on saturday openly expressed its disapproval of any possible understanding between congress president sonia gandhi and trinamool congress chief mamatabanerjee for the upcoming presidential election.
trinamool claims that it is fighting the bjp but in bengal every possible scope for the bjp to spread its tentacles are being provided by the ruling party, state pcc president and behrampore mp, adhir ranjan chowdhury wrote to the congress president on saturday.
read: narada investigation an acid test for bengal bjpchowdhurys two-page letter accused trinamool congress of attacking, intimidating and coercing congress leaders and workers across the state.
it also referred to the cbi investigations into the rose valley and narada scams in which many congress ministers, mps and leaders are facing corruption charges.
the sangh parivar organised ram navami on an unprecedented scale in bengal this year.
bjp state president dilip ghosh (carrying sword) took part in a procession in kharagpur which is his assembly constituency.
(ht photo)the sudden move by the pcc leadership instantly became the talking point in political circles because trinamool chief mamatabanerjee is scheduled to meet sonia on tuesday, reportedly to discuss a common strategy on the presidential election.
i understand that the chief minister shall be meeting you soon for discussion on the strategy regard to election to the office of the president of india.
it is important to rope in support of all political parties to oppose a rss-bjp nominee at the national lever.
at the same time, it is necessary to emphasise our abiding commitment to democracy and transparency.
under your leadership and guidance, congress workers shall continue to fight for democracy and secularism and oppose both tmc and bjp in the state, chowdhury wrote.
read: former bengal governor gopal gandhi may be oppositions choice as presidential candidatepcc sources said the decision to write the letter was backed by leaders such as state general secretary omprakash mishra, and behrampore mla, manoj chakraborty who have sharpened their campaign against mamatabanerjee ever since trinamool ministers and mps faced cbi probe.
false cases under stringent provisions of the indian penal code are being routinely slapped against those who refuse to fall in line under the dictate of tmc in connivance with police and administration.
mlas have been forced to switch sides under threat of false murder cases registered against them, chowdhury wrote to sonia gandhi.
read: bengal couple who hosted amit shah joins trinamool, bjp says they were kidnappedthe investigation in the various chit fund scams ordered by calcutta high court and upheld by supreme court has rattled the tmc and the party is facing a crisis, he added.
this is not the first time that chowdhury has written to sonia gandhi.
on the eve of the 2016 assembly polls in bengal, he advised the congress president not to have any electoral alliance with trinamool and spoke in favour of an understanding with the left parties.
mamata banerjees party, however, swept the elections.
barely two weeks after the cbi registered an fir in the narada sting operation case, the enforcement directorate (ed) filed another case on friday to probe its money laundering aspect.
west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee faced the biggest embarrassment in her political career after a news portal captured footage of 12 leaders from her party  mps, mlas, ministers and the kolkata mayor  accepting money from the representative of a fictitious finance company.
officials told ht that the cbi has details of the payment, including the number of the currency notes given to each person seen in the footage.
the ed will also trace the money trail, which includes information on where the money came from and reached naradanews.com ceo mathew samuel, and what the trinamool congress did with the cash.
incidentally, samuel told the cbi that the entire operation was funded by trinamool rajya sabha mp kd singh.
the faces seen in the video include prominent trinamool leaders such as lok sabha mps saugata roy, suvendu adhikari, sultan ahmed, aparupa poddar, kakoli ghosh dastidar and prasun banerjee; ministers subrata mukherjee, firhad hakim and madan mitra; mla iqbal ahmed; kolkata mayor sovan chatterjee; and smh mirza, the ips officer who allegedly took the money on behalf of party mp mukul roy.
the trinamool leaders have been booked under the prevention of money laundering act.
banerjee described the narada sting as a political conspiracy hatched to derail her success in the 2016 bengal assembly elections.
they are letting loose central agencies like the cbi on trinamool.
they want to put our leaders in jail.
they are afraid that we might come to delhi, she said in a public meeting at alipurduar in north bengal on thursday.
after the cbi registered a case in keeping with an order by the calcutta high court, the bengal chief minister alleged that the modi government was using the central probe agency against the trinamool congress to punish her for opposing the demonetisation exercise.
however, bjp president amit shah trashed her allegations during his three-day trip to bengal.
everybody has seen trinamool leaders taking bribes on television, but they are still saying its a conspiracy, he said.
incidentally, the ed is also investigating a politically sensitive chit fund scam case  which involves a number of high-profile commercial entities such as saradha, rose valley and i-core  along with the cbi.
sporadic incidents of booth capture, smashing of electronic voting machines (evm), intimidation of voters and malfunctioning of evms marked the first phase of voting in the two constituencies of cooch behar and alipurduars in west bengal.
till 3 pm, 69.
94  of the total 34,62,583 voters in the two constituencies exercised their franchise.
in 2014, the two constituencies had witnessed 82.
87  polling.
as many as 18 candidates are in the fray in these two constituencies.
both are currently held by the trinamool congress (tmc) with the bharatiya janata party (bjp) vowing to wrest both this time around.
we have received complaints of trouble in 10 booths from the congress and in 700 booths from the bjp.
we are trying to identify who were behind the stray incidents of evm tampering and other troubles.
strict action will be taken against them without exception, said sanjay basu, additional chief electoral officer of west bengal.
there were not sufficient central forces to man the polling booths and tmc took advantage of it, alleged the bjps cooch behar candidate, nishith pramanik.
the bjp alleged that the state police was functioning at the behest of west bengal chief minister, mamatabanerjee banerjee.
tmcs cooch behar district unit chief and north bengal development minister rabindranath ghosh, on the other hand, alleged that the central forces at various places urged people to vote for bjp.
he also suspected foul behind several evms malfunctioning.
why are so many machines not functioning properly after such rigorous tests?
i have never seen so many evms not functioning.
we smell a rat here, alleged ghosh.
however, special central police observer for bengal and jharkhand, vivek dubey, gave a clean chit to the state police.
polling was peaceful.
the state police did its job, dubey said.
trinamool congress mp tapas paul, who was arrested by the central bureau of investigation (cbi) on december 30, 2016 in connection with the rose valley scam, has spent the second new year behind the bars without any relief in sight.
the 60-year-old actor-turned-politician has spent most of the 368 days after his arrest in a cabin of a private hospital in bhubaneswar.
read: tapas paul: bengali movie star to hardened politico arrested in rose valley scampaul is the mp from krishnanagar constituency in nadia district since 2009.
he was an mla from alipore for two terms 2001-2006 and 2006-2009.
involving an estimated rs 17,000 crore of depositor funds, the rose valley scam is the biggest chit fund scam to hit bengal.
pauls frustration increased after trinamool congress mp sudip bandopadhyay, who was the partys chief whip in lok sabha and was arrested on january 3 in connection with the same scam, got bail on may 19 after 136 days in jail.
bandyopadhyay used to stay in a cabin adjacent to that of paul in the same hospital.
read: between the reel and the real falls the shadow: the two facets of actor tapas pauls lifethe matter is in court and i would not like to comment.
but i am sure tapas is suffering a lot.
our friendship goes far beyond our relation as fellow mps.
we have acted together in several films that were extremely popular.
every day i pray to god so that he emerges clean from the current crisis, another actor-turned-tmc mp shatabdi roy.
in april 2017, when bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee went to bhubaneswar to meet sudip bandhopadhyay, she also met paul and expressed concern about his health.
but since then there has hardly been any communication from the partys top leaders said nandini paul, the mps wife.
she shares her husbands cabin the hospital.
we are bearing the medical and legal expenses from our pocket.
i hope that the party leadership is still behind my husband and will surely do something to secure bail for him, said nandini paul.
read: tapas pal issues apology for his rape remark, mamatabanerjee attacks mediaroy told ht that she is planning to go to bhubaneswar and meet her former co-actor to keep up his morale.
paul triggered controversy in june 2014, when he threatened at a public meeting that he would let loose his supporters on cpi(m) women cadres to rape them.
he was pulled by mamatabanerjee and made to tender unconditional apology.
paul has acted in dozens of films.
he acted opposite madhuri dixit in her debut film abodh in 1984.
indiaupdated: aug 19, 2019 07:47 istthe central governments press information bureau (pib) on sunday landed in controversy after it paid homage to the late freedom fighter netaji subhas chandra bose in a tweet saying that it was his death anniversary.
#pib remembers the great freedom fighter netaji subhash chandra bose on his death anniversary.
#netaji #subhashchandrabose, read the pibs tweet which also had a photo.
the tweet appeared on the same day when west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee took to twitter saying the country deserves to know what happened to bose.
on this day, in 1945, netaji went on a flight from taihoku airport in taiwan, only to disappear forever, mamatabanerjee wrote in her tweet.
while a section of the historians and some members of boses family claim the freedom fighter died in a plane crash at taihoku on august 18, 1945, his death continues to remain a mystery due to lack of any physical evidence.
boses fans responded with anger to the pib tweet, asking the press agency to provide proof.
syed noor ur rahman barkati, the controversial islamic cleric from bengal who recently threatened jihad in india, will be sacked as head of kolkatas tipu sultan mosque.
he is a blot on our community, shahezada anwar ali shah, the head of the mosques trustee board, said on tuesday while confirming that barkatis sacking will likely be announced on wednesday evening.
barkati headed the mosque for 28 years.
he fell out of favour with bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee , one of his strongest backers once, last week after he warned of a jihad if india was declared a hindu state and also refused to take off the red beacon from his car.
read: kolkatas maverick imam barkati finally removes red beacon from his carwe are at the final stage of discussion with our advocates.
the announcement of his termination may be made at a press conference on wednesday afternoon.
through his anti-national comments he has done disservice to the nation and the community, and we feel that he has no right to continue as imam of the mosque, shah said.
barkati also grabbed headlines in january when he issued a fatwa against the prime minister over the november decision to ban high-value currency notes.
he had then been given police protection by the state government.
but the relation soured last week after barkatis jihad comments.
banerjee sent on may 13 urban development minister firhad hakim to chastise him.
on the same day the library minister in her cabinet, siddiqullah chowdhury, also held an agitation against the imam outside his mosque and called him an rss agent.
echoing the library minister, shah said on tuesday that barkati encouraged fundamentalist forces like rss through his anti-national comments.
he said the mosque received a flood of complaints against barkati, prominent among which is the false claim of a shahi imam.
read: police complaint against kolkatas fatwa imam barkati for not giving up red beaconaccording to shah, a shahi imam is one who administers namaaz to the royal families, or is appointed by a royal family.
barkati is the second generation imam from his family after his father.
he took over the charge as the imam in 1989, he said.
if barkati is finally removed on wednesday, it will bring down curtains on the term of one of the most controversial clerics of the country.
he regularly attracted attention for issuing fatwas against a number of persons including prime minister narendra modi, bangladeshi writer taslima nasrin and canadian columnist tarek fateh.
read: muslim clerics in bengal demand ban on rss, say ram navami processions with weapons illegalthe trustee board chief also said that a police complaint has been filed against barkati for forcefully snatching away the keys of the rooms of the mosques including the record room.
there are also complaints against barkati for misusing the mosque complex for press conferences and running personal businesses like conducting marriages.
the imam also faced police complaints for his anti-national remarks on may 9 when he took on both the union government and the judiciary in front of tv cameras.
in another development on monday, farah khan, wife of nadimul haque, trinamool congress rajya sabha member and executive editor of urdu daily, akhbar- e- mashriq filed a police complaint saying that on may 15 (monday) a group of about 30 men armed with deadly weapons entered their home and office shouting and abusing me and my husband and threatening our office staff of dire consequences if our newspaper keeps reporting against noorur rehman barkai.
as cyclone fani barreled through the coastal districts of odisha on friday, dilip kumar was a worried man, but not for himself.
kumar, who works as a cook at a hotel in the state capital bhubaneswar, was in the relative safety of the inland city but his family was 100 kilometres away on the coast.
as fani made landfall on friday morning accompanied by gale-force winds that snapped telecommunications lines, kumars concern for his familys safety grew grave.
i was able to speak to them once at 11am and they said the entire village is destroyed.
our home stood as a ruin.
last night, members of all 70 households were shifted to a club that has a rather strong structures.
so, no human casualties took place.
but i am very worried because no one in the village could be contacted over phone since then,kumars ancestral village of pipli was one of hundreds that were pummeled by the worst summer storm the state has seen in four decades.
heavy rain and strong winds lashed the capital bhubaneswar, and cuttack and bhadrak.
mobile towers were damaged and power supply was disconnected in many places.
eight people died in the state  among them a teenage boy on whom a tree collapsed, a woman hit by flying debris from a concrete structure, and an elderly woman who suffered a heart attack at a relief shelter.
in bhubaneswar, fani uprooted thousands of trees, fell hundreds of lamp posts, destroyed innumerable shops and even damaged some houses.
the storm blew away advertising flexes and hoarding.
window panes and glass walls of dozens of commercial establishments were shattered.
as evening fell with strong gusts of wind and spells of rainfall still continuing, darkness shrouded the streets because of fallen electric poles and torn wires.
a huge crane being used for building a highrise fell on a neighbouring two-storied building, damaging it significantly.
however, no one was injured in the incident.
the devastation was greater in rural areas where many inhabitants huddled together in relief centres, their thatched roof houses blown apart by the wind with storm surges of up to 1.
5 metres.
in bus driver bijoy bariks mind, fani was nothing less than a monster that kept him terrorised for over two hours.
after being requisitioned by the district administration, barik had parked his bus outside district collectors office in puri around 8 am when the cyclone started pounding.
i could not get down from the vehicle despite all my efforts.
the bus was shaking like a matchbox as i pressed myself against an iron railing.
the glass panes broke and shards flied all around.
i was praying to god to keep me alive.
i have never been so scared in my life, said barik.
at puri circuit house, affitional chief secretary suresh mohapatra was trying hard to find a safe place to stand as glass shards were scattered all around.
mohapatra, who worked in puri as district collector soon after the super cyclone struck in 1999 [that killed about 10,000 people], said fani was the worst possible cyclone that he has seen in the coastal city.
the entire town has been pulverized.
there is not a single tree that stands erect today in puri, said mohapatra.
in faraway kolkata, streets bore a deserted look and rail services interrupted as people braced for the cyclone, which is expected to hit the state early on saturday.
neighbouring bangladesh ordered the evacuation of 2.
1 million people.
prime minister narendra modi, bjp chief amit shah and chief minister mamatabanerjee all postponed rallies.
for many fans of good cinema, bishop lefroy road in kolkata, where award-winning director satyajit ray lived for many years, is a pilgrimage spot.
the street was renamed in 2016 by chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjee.
at a public event, mamatabanerjee declared that henceforth, the street would be known as satyajit ray dharani.
those present thought theyd misheard her.
surely shed said sarani (road) and not dharani (earth)?
but no.
actress kangana ranaut displayed similar linguistic flair when she appeared in a video that her sister and manager rangoli chandel shared on social media.
in it, ranaut accuses a section of the media of deshdrohita ke vichaar or thoughts of deshdrohita.
(an excellent title for a blog or a memoir, if anyone needs it.
) deshdrohita is, arguably, a little more brilliant than satyajit ray dharani since dharani is a real word in bengali.
not that deshdrohitas lack of provenance makes ranaut pause.
she blithely goes on to lament that there is no provision in the indian constitution to stem the flood of the pseudo-liberal medias criticisms of ranaut.
this is true.
there are laws against defamation and treason  both of which have been used to intimidate and silence journalists and other citizens  but ranauts honour doesnt get a mention in our constitution and neither does deshdrohita.
possibly because the word didnt exist until ranaut uttered it during her video recording.
a few seconds later, ranaut mocks the bulk of journalists for being illiterate.
(cue alanis morrissettes 1995 hit, ironic.
) that said, ranaut is right about the fact that most journalists are not dasvi fail (class 10 fail)  usually, we have to at least graduate to get the jobs we have.
while one may be tempted to wag a finger at ranaut for normalising attacks on the media, shes hardly the first to do so.
the media is indias favourite punching bag.
on the flip side, its hard to not roll ones eyes at entertainment journalists who cheerfully give coverage to those accused of crimes like sexual harassment and murder, but discover their collective spine when ranaut has a meltdown.
more interesting than ranauts efforts at scoring free publicity is how ranaut is recasting herself as mother india 2.
0 in the recent video.
not for her the western wear that ranaut wore in the old interviews that established her credentials as a thinking actress.
gone are the bandage dress, straightened hair and heavy make-up that we saw in the publicity events for her upcoming film.
instead, the video sees ranaut in flowing, white chikan.
the salwar kameez is modest with a high collar and long sleeves.
her make-up in a nude palette is carefully done to look minimal.
her hands are often folded and her tone is measured (even if her language isnt).
shes vaguely reminiscent of the doordarshan newsreader who came into our homes daily, back when all we had on tv were two channels.
only instead of the days top headlines, ranaut is telling us how all those who dislike her and her movies are anti-nationals.
because you know how it is  can you really be trusted to not sell state secrets to the enemy if you didnt enjoy manikarnika with its atrocious acting and i-dream-of-baahubali sets?
the imam of kolkatas tipu sultan mosque, noor-ur-rehman barkati, better known as the fatwa imam for issuing fatwas against personalities ranging from taslima nasreen to narendra modi, has again sparked a controversy for refusing give up a red beacon on his car.
barkati, who loves to call himself shahi imam, told a tv channel on may 9 that the british permitted the use of red beacon and he wont remove it.
the government banned from may 1 red beacons atop cars of all ministers, politicians and bureaucrats, ending a privilege that was seen as the ultimate status symbol.
late on thursday night, a police complaint was lodged against the imam in kolkata .
political leaders across parties have started speaking against him.
there is also a barrage of comments against him on social media, and a number of them are from people of his own faith.
according to the police complaint, barkati repeatedly said that chief minister mamatabanerjee did not oppose the beacon.
the british government has permitted us to install red light, so why should i remove it, barkati has said.
the imam is not taking calls despite repeated attempts for the past two days.
the imam who loves to flaunt his burgundy beard and is often seen caressing his pet cat enjoys considerable clout.
he is given police protection and recently also got away after issuing a fatwa against the prime minister despite a police complaint filed against him by state bjp leaders.
this time he is attracting criticism from political parties too.
cpi (m) politburo member and lok sabha mp, mohammad salim told ht that the imam has no right to use a red beacon.
he is deliberately created by trinamool to create a binary between two communities.
he enjoys the ruling party patronage and thinks himself to be someone of importance.
his comments on red beacon are the reflection of his arrogance, which trinamool is deliberately pampering, salim said.
congress state secretary and jadavpur university professor omprakash mishra has written on his facebook wall that the mamatabanerjee government is silent over the issue as taking off the red beacon from imams car may spell doom for the party.
he has publicly said that the chief minister has asked him to continue with the red beacon.
after this none in the state cabinet is in any position to comment on the matter, a senior member of the state cabinet told ht on friday.
barkati, who has been the head of the prominent mosque at the heart of kolkatas business district for more than 30 years, was never bothered by the ruling establishment.
he is believed to have enjoyed the beacon atop his car for as long as he assumed charge of the mosque.
we demand and request you that imam barkati should be arrested as soon as possible to start judicial proceeding against him, reads the two-page complaint.
in january this year, when asked whether he feared arrest after issuing a fatwa against the prime minister, he told ht, when i walk on the roads, four policemen protect me.
other prominent names to have drawn his ire include author salman rushdie, bangladesh-born writer taslima nasreen and canadian columnist tarek fateh.
the exiled bangladeshi author, in fact, had three fatwas issued against her -- once in 2004 for her anti-islamic comments, then in 2006 and again in 2007.
with each fatwa, barkati hiked the bounty on her head.
in his edict against modi, barkati announced a cash reward of rs 25 lakh for anyone who blackens his face.
his diktat outraged many and the bjp lodged a complaint with the police, seeking his immediate arrest.
several pockets of bengal remained tense on sunday over the prospect of violence on monday, when 38,529 seats of the three-tier panchayat system go to polls, as the death toll in political violence continued to rise.
following the death of a land agitator at bhangar near kolkata last friday, a bjp supporter whose wife is contesting the elections in west midnapore district was attacked on saturday night with sharp-edged and blunt weapons.
manua hansda died on sunday morning.
with this, the death toll in the run-up to the elections reached 16.
violence was reported from the districts of east midnapore, bankura, hooghly and malda.
in most cases, the trinamool congress (tmc) was accused of causing it while in some cases, supporters of the ruling party bore the brunt of the violence as well.
police have sealed the states border with jharkhand.
the rural polls are being seen as a dress rehearsal for the parliamentary elections due next year and are expected to reflect trends with regard to the position of various opposition parties.
the tmc has already won 34.
4  of the total seats unopposed a record since the panchayati raj was introduced  but opposition parties hope to put up a fight.
i appeal to everybody to maintain peace and ensure violence-free elections.
while its a battle of survival for the left and the congress, the bjp is confident of establishing itself as the main opposition party.
in the 2016 assembly elections, the bjp obtained only three seats while the congress won 44 and the left bagged 33.
this time, though it will be a quadrangular fight in a majority of the seats, the bjp stands way ahead of the left and the congress.
the ruling party at the centre, which had very small rural base in the state even two years ago, managed to file nominations in 73  of the 38,529 seats up for polling, whereas the left front managed to put up candidates in 56  seats and the congress in only about 20  seats.
we hope the election commission will ensure free polling, though we anticipate violence in many pockets to scare people so that they do not vote, bjp state president dilip ghosh said.
launching a scathing attack on the ruling bjp, congress leader priyanka gandhi vadra said on tuesday that the saffron partys arrogance is like that of duryodhan, just days after prime minister modi reffered to congress general secratrys father and former prime minister rajiv gandhi bhrashtachari no 1.
without naming anyone, priyanka gandhi vadra said: this country has never forgiven arrogance.
even duryodhan had such arrogance, when lord krishna tried to make him see sense, he wanted to take him hostage.
speaking at a rally in ambala for party candidate kumari selja, priyanka gandhi quoted poet ramdhari singh dinkar to reinforce her remarks.
jab naash manuj par chaata hai, pehle vivek mar jata hai (when doom looms, first thing a human loses is the ability to discern right from wrong).
the party incharge of eastern uttar pradesh added: they never fulfil the promises they make at election time, instead they either seek votes in the name of martyrs or insult the martyr members of my family.
over the last few days, prime minister narendra modi and his partys top leadership have scaled up attacks on the gandhi family, particularly on former prime minister rajiv gandhi.
at a rally in uttar pradesh over the weekend, pm modi had attacked congress president rahul gandhi who has been hammering the bjp-led national coalition alleging corruption in the rafale deal.
your father was termed mr clean by his courtiers, but his life ended as corrupt no 1, pm modi said, provoking a sharp response from the congress and other opposition parties.
rajiv gandhi died for the country.
the bjp response came soon after.
amit shah, the party chief and its master strategist, wondered why pm modis comment was made an issue when the latter spoke only the truth.
is it not true that there was a bofors scandal, shah told a public rally in bengal insisting that the prime minister had only reminded the congress about one fact.
it is not an insult to remind someone about the truth, the bjp chief said.
west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on thursday congratulated the bjp as it was seen powering through as counting of votes in the lok sabha election was being held.
congratulations to the winners.
but all losers are not losers.
we have to do a complete review and then we will share our views with you all.
let the counting process be completed fully and the vvpats matched, mamatabanerjee tweeted.
also read | with double-digit gains, bjp breaches mamatabanerjee banerjees bengal citadelaccording to the leads, the bjp was set to win 346 seats, upa 91, bsp-sp alliance 19 and others 86 in the lok sabha election held on 542 of the 543 seats.
elections were cancelled in tamil nadus vellore.
the bjp alone is leading in 292 seats, well over the halfway mark of 272, and if the party wins all of these, it will improve upon its 2014 tally of 282.
followlive updates here.
the bharatiya janata party also made deep inroads in west bengal, increasing its vote share by more than 20 percentage points from 17.
02  in 2014 to about 39  (till 1 pm) and was leading in 16 of bengals 42 seats against their 2014 tally of only two seats.
though ruling trinamool congress (tmc) increased its vote share by about 5 percentage points to about 45  (till 1 pm) from 39.
79  (in 2014), the party was leading in 25 seats against their tally of 34 five years ago.
click here for lok sabha election results 2019a significant development in bengal was the reduction of the left and the congress into fringe forces.
while the left managed a vote share of a shade below 7 , the congress dipped to below 6 .
in the home stretch of the general elections in bengal, 14.
91 million voters in nine constituencies in and around kolkata will vote on sunday in the seventh and final phase of the lok sabha polls to choose from 111 candidates.
the nine seats - kolkata north, kolkata south, dumdum, basirhat, barasat, jadavpur, diamond harbour, joynagar and mathurapur - are in trinamool congress (tmc)s heartland of kolkata and its neighbouring districts of north 24-parganas and south 24-parganas.
several heavyweights, including chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjees nephew abhishek mamatabanerjee , tmcs leader in the 16thlok sabha sudip bandyopadhyay and bharatiya janata party (bjp) national secretary rahul sinha are in the fray, along with tmcs political greenhorns, actor-turned politicians mimi chakraborty and nusrat jahan.
read: full coverage of lok sabha elections 2019eight of the seats have been with the tmc since 2009.
joynagar went to a tmc-backed socialist unity centre of india (suci) candidate in 2009, while in 2014 tmc won it.
though this is tmcs heartland, there is a wind of anti-incumbency and this is going to make tmcs battle a real difficult one, said political analyst amal mukhopadhyay, former principal of presidency college.
to ensure peaceful and fair polling, the election commission has deployed 770 companies of central forces to provide security to all 17,042 polling stations.
in diamond harbour, from where abhishek mamatabanerjee is seeking his second term, bjp has fielded nilanjan roy, who switched from congress to bjp last year.
cpi(m)s fuad halim, son of former bengal assembly speaker hashim abdul halim, has received support from a section of civil society members.
actor naseeruddin shah, too, released a video statement supporting halims candidature.
the focus will also be on kolkata north seat, where tmcs leader in the outgoing lok sabha and sitting mp sudip bandyopadhyay is seeking his third term.
bandyopadhyays main challenger is bjps national secretary rahul sinha.
the tmc mp spent 136 days behind bars after the central bureau of investigation (cbi) arrested him in connection with the rose valley chit fund scam in january 2017.
in dumdum, tmcs two-time mp sougata roy, who was one of the accused in the narada bribery expose of march 2016, is seeking re-election.
bjps state unit spokesperson and former mla shamik bhattacharya is his main opponent.
the cpi(m) has fielded veteran leader nepaldeb bhattacharya.
in the high-profile jadavpur constituency, the stage is set for a triangular fight.
the tmc has fielded a political greenhorn, bengali film industry star mimi chakraborty while the bjp has nominated anupam hazra (tmcs bolpur mp who switched to bjp in march.
former kolkata mayor bikash ranjan bhattacharya is the cpi (m) candidate.
the congress is supporting bhattacharya.
winning kolkata south is a matter of prestige for tmc, as mamatabanerjee got elected from it for six times at a stretch until becoming the chief minister and since then it has been represented by her confidante subrata bakshi.
in the 2004 lok sabha elections, when tmc was almost wiped out of bengal, this was the only seat that the party won.
the party has this year fielded veteran kolkata municipal corporation (kmc) corporator mala roy, while bjp has fielded netaji subhas chandra boses grandnephew chandra kumar bose, who is also a vice-president of the partys state unit.
read: mathurapur was once a left bastionthe sitting mp, subrata bakshi, had only 24  attendance in lok sabha.
tmc has evidently taken the voters of kolkata south for granted.
i have told the voters that i will shout in the parliament for the voters at every opportunity, bose said.
in basirhat, bjps state unit general secretary sayantan basu is taking on tmcs political greenhorn, bengali film industry actor nusrat jahan.
in this muslim-dominated constituency along the bangladesh border, the bjp hopes to win by polarisation of hindu votes, whereas muslim votes are expected to be split between the tmc, the left and the congress.
bjps barasat candidate mrinal kanti debnath, a doctor and hindu refugee rights activist, is expected to throw a tough challenge to tmcs kakali ghosh dastidar.
joynagar and mathurapur seats that cover parts of the sunderbans are tmcs strongholds but bjp hopes to spring surprises in both, focussing its campaign mostly on under-development of the area and problems of infiltration from bangladesh.
infiltration is a burning issue in bengal and it is more so in the north and south 24-parganas seats bordering bangladesh, said sayantan basu, bjps basirhat candidate.
tmcs north 24-parganas district unit president and food minister jyotipriya mallick, on the other hand, has claimed that the party will win basirhat and barasat with margins of more than one lakh votes.
dr harsh vardhan began his second term as minister in the national democratic alliance  ii government by cycling from home to the health and family welfare ministry in nirman bhavan to highlight the importance of physical activity for health and green transport for the environment.
he had not even hopped off his bicycle when his staff informed him about a nipah case being confirmed in kerala, which was followed a week later by nationwide protests and strikes by doctors and health professionals after two junior doctors were assaulted at nil ratan sircar medical college in kolkata.
dr harsh vardhan speaks to sanchita sharma on the firefighting his ministry has done over seven weeks and its plans for the next five years.
edited excerpts:q.
your taking charge was immediately followed by one of indias biggest doctors strikes.
how can hospitals be made safer for doctors?
doctors often work under stressful and difficult conditions and i strongly condemn assault against them.
the violence in kolkata that led to doctors strikes across the country gravely affected healthcare services.
the health ministry has set up a 10-member committee on violence against doctors with representation from the ministry, indian medical association (ima), federation of resident doctors association, medical council of india, aiims, and the union ministry of home affairs and the law department.
the first meeting was on july 10th, during which the home and law ministries concurred on the need for a central legislation.
it was decided to have the first draft of the proposed act readied within a week.
i wrote to west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee , urging her provide a secure working environment to doctors.
i also requested all chief ministers to consider establishing specific state legislation or bring amendments in existing state legislative acts to ensure doctors and clinical establishments function without fear of violence.
q.
what is the long-term solution to end violence against doctors?
ensuring a safe environment for doctors and patients and involves multiple stakeholders.
apart from taking all possible preventive and deterrent measures, state governments need to investigate all cases of violence promptly and ensure that the criminals get prosecuted under the legal provisions available.
the imas draft act, called the protection of medical service persons and medical service institutions (prevention of violence and damage or loss of property) act, 2017, which includes clauses on penalty and recovery in case of loss or damage to property, has now been shared with the states for their consideration.
q.
nipah was confirmed in kerala the day you took charge even as muzaffarpur was struggling to contain child deaths from acute encephalitis syndrome (aes).
kerala contained nipah, but bihar floundered.
how can the centre ensure containment and treatment protocols are followed across states?
you see, health is a state subject.
the integrated disease surveillance programme (idsp) does surveillance to quickly detect and respond to disease outbreaks, providing additional manpower, training rapid response teams to investigate outbreaks, strengthening laboratories, strengthening ict equipment for data entry, analysis and data transfer, and providing funds for operationalisation.
the centre also supports states in implementing communicable disease programmes, such as national vector borne disease control programme that covers six vector-borne diseases, including japanese encephalitis and aes, which is of unknown etiology.
q.
so, what is causing the aes deaths in muzaffarpur?
aes describes a disease with symptoms of fever and altered consciousness and has a very complex etiology.
studies were done on the possible association with litchi toxins in muzaffarpur during 2013-14, but no definitive evidence linking aes to litchi toxins was conclusively established.
in the present outbreak, indian council of medical research (icmr) has done research studies covering various aspects of the disease and i am hopeful we will arrive at substantial findings soon.
q.
soon after taking charge, you requested all states that havent joined the ayushman bharat-pradhan mantri jan arogya yojana (ab-pmjay) to launch the scheme.
rajasthan has announced merging the state healthcare scheme with ab-pmjay.
did you hear from delhi, telangana, odisha or west bengal?
the implementation of ab-pmjay across the country is undoubtedly the top priority.
the scheme is going to be rolled out in rajasthan and punjab very soon.
as a follow-up action, ceo, national health agency (nha), visited odisha and the state is positive about implementing ab-pmjay.
the nha is working on the convergence plan.
i expect other states to get on board sooner than later.
q.
how many people have been treated under ab-pmjay?
which are the best and worst performing states?
the budget for ayushman bharat went up 154.
87  this year.
under the health protection scheme, there have been 32,07,000 hospitalisations and 8.
9 crore cards issued till july 12.
it is difficult to rate states as there are different parameters for performance, such as access, quality etc.
some states that are doing better are chhattisgarh, maharashtra, jammu & kashmir, daman and diu, gujarat, kerala, himachal pradesh etc.
the nha continually monitors performance of all states on different parameters and issues guidelines to improve performance.
q.
how is primary health care, which can treat 80-90  illnesses, being strengthened?
as you know, delivering comprehensive primary health care (cphc) through health and wellness centres (hwcs) is a key component of ayushman bharat, which is the fulcrum programme being implemented to achieve the proposed goal of universal health care.
our vision is to transform 150,000 sub-health centres (shc) and primary health centres into ab-hwcs in a phased manner.
the target for 2018-19 was 15,000, and the cumulative target for 2019-20 is 40,000 and so on, till we achieve our goal by 2022.
we are on track and have at least 19,000 operational ab-hwcs.
in addition to investments made through nhm and other programmes to strengthen phcs/shcs, central funds are being galvanised.
an outlay of rs 1,200 crore was made as central share for 2018-19, and another rs 1,600 crore for fy 2019-20.
till now, approvals for more than 52,000 ab-hwcs have been provided to states/union territories.
q.
what about building human resources and technical capacity in resource-deficit regions?
investments made by the centre are intended to support creation of it, upgradation of infrastructure, creating primary health care teams at sub-health centres, posting new cadre of non-physician health workers called community health officers, capacity building, and expanding the range of medicines and diagnostics so that hwc become the first port of call for primary health care.
there is a provision of primary health care services related to maternal, newborn, child health and nutrition and some communicable diseases.
ab-hwcs will also provide care for acute simple illnesses, screening, prevention and management of chronic diseases like hypertension, diabetes, mental health, and care for chronic communicable diseases like tuberculosis and leprosy, and elderly and palliative care.
all these additions are, of course, incremental and the phasing will depend upon the states.
artificial intelligence (ai) is also being in public health, such as setting up an imaging bio-bank of cancer-related radiology and pathology images of more than 20,000 profiles of cancer patients with focus on the major cancers prevalent in india.
ai is also being used for early detection of diabetic retinopathy, which is a side effect of uncontrolled diabetes that can cause blindness.
as health minister, which steps will you prioritise to ensure clean air?
this is a subject that involves different ministries and cooperation from various stakeholders, including state governments.
during my tenure in the ministry of environment, forests and climate change, we launched the national clean air programme to reduce air pollution through various measures.
cooperation from all stakeholders was sought to lower vehicular emissions, stop stubble burning etc.
, which adds to air pollution.
under the health ministry, the ncdc (national centre for disease control) is collecting data on acute respiratory illnesses reporting to emergency departments of six central government hospitals in delhi.
the data is being analysed monthly to track how spikes in aqi (air quality index) is linked with increasing hospitalisations.
the icmr is also conducting a study on health impact assessment in 20 most-polluted cities in the country to provide an invaluable link between air pollution and health problems.
q.
what are your two biggest priorities as health minister?
preventing all illnesses and ensuring the population has the tools to stay healthy is a priority.
one of the key priorities is stopping tuberculosis, which claims more lives than any other infectious disease, by 2025.
moving towards universal health care for each and every citizen of india is the prime ministers dream and we will work hard to make it a reality.
the goal is to make india a global model for health for all.
the gurudongmar glacier in sikkim  the source of one of iconic lakes in the world by same name  has receded one-fourth since 1989, a new study has found, implying down-stream impact on hydro-power projects and livelihood of people in bengal and bangladesh.
the gurudongmar lake, named after founder of tibetan buddhism in the 8th century guru rinpoche, is the main source for teesta river that flows from himalayas in sikkim to bangladesh.
the sharing of teesta river water is a contentious issue between india and bangladesh with bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee refusing to provide even single drop of extra water to the neigbouring country where it is main source of irrigation.
the river has major hydel potential for sikkim with projects over 5,000 mw either proposed or under construction.
a new study published in american geophysical union this week says the gurudongmar glacier retreat has increased by nearly four times between 1965 and 1989.
between 1989 and 2016, the size of gurudongmar lake has grown by one-sixth of its size in 1989, said mauri s pelto, professor of environmental studies at nichols college in dudley, massachusetts, in a study on sikkim glaciers.
the study found that terminus of the glacier has retreated by about 600 meters (one-fourth of the total length) since 1987 and the lake has moved upwards.
the retreat distance is substantial given the length of the glacier is 25  of the 1996 glacier length of 2.
4 km, the study based on satellite images of the glacier in the last 20 years found.
gurudongmar like all glaciers in the region is different from other winter accumulating himalayan snow-sheets.
it is summer accumulation type which receives 80  of its snowfall during monsoon months between july and september.
following the summer monsoon which ends in early september there is a transition period with some colder storm events where the snowline drops.
than november-february is the dry winter monsoon with limited precipitation, the study says.
the study also said between 2003 and 2012 the glacier lakes in higher reaches of sikkim has increased with 85 new one detected in addition to existing 320.
increase in lakes indicates faster melting and fragmentation of glaciers, a sign of climate change impact on the indian sub-conditions biggest water source.
andhra pradesh chief minister n chandrababu naidu, the prime driver of the proposal to rush to president ramnath kovind to apprise him of the contours of the opposition alliance, may scrap the plan after his meeting with bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjee.
the trinamool congress boss, who is as convinced as naidu and other opposition leaders that the exit polls did not capture the public sentiment, is learnt to have been of the view that going to president kovind to ask him to treat the opposition parties as one bloc at this stage would not serve a purpose.
naidu had flown to state capital kolkata hours after a press conference in amravati where he spoke about his proposal.
ht had first reported naidus formula to improve the oppositions chances of getting an invite from the president in case the election results on may 23 are wildly different from the prediction by multiple exit polls that prime minister narendra modi will get a second term.
opposition leaders who have interacted with the andhra chief minister over the last few days told ht that naidus assessment was that the bjp could end up with less than 200 seats.
if this happens, naidu believes the gap between the nda and the opposition parties would not be wide and the opposition parties should be prepped to move in to stake claim.
naidus formula is that opposition parties should submit a memorandum to president ram nath kovind declaring their intent to form a coalition government even before the votes are counted.
his hope was that the coalition should be treated on par with a pre-poll alliance.
mamata mamatabanerjee , like many other opposition leaders, was all for the plan to scale up the offensive against electronic voting machines and the election commission.
but she too was less than convinced about the utility of approaching the president before the votes are counted.
naidu had made it clear early in the day that the proposal to knock at rashtrapati bhavans doors would be taken with consensus.
after discussing with mamatabanerjee , i will go to delhi later in the evening to continue deliberations with the other parties.
later, we shall take a decision on meeting the president of india, naidu said before embarking on the kolkata mission.
neither naidu nor mamatabanerjee spoke to reporters after the meeting.
news agency pti, quoting a source, said the leaders had decided to hold detailed talks on the opposition grand alliance only after the votes are counted.
it was decided at the meeting that a detailed discussion will be held with other players of the mahagathbandhan in the event of a hung verdict after the poll results are declared on may 23, a source said, according to pti.
a congress leader said the argument that a joint representation to president kovind before counting of votes would convince rashtrapati bhavan to treat a post-poll alliance as a pre-poll one appeared to be misplaced.
this is something that should have been done long back it is too late, the leader said, underlining that this was a format advocated by ghulam nabi azad many months back.
eight lok sabha seats of west bengal will go to polls on monday.
of the 42 lok sabha seats in the state, 10 have already voted, amid reports of violence and malfunctioning electronic voting machines.
on sunday, bharatiya janata party candidate joy bandyopadhyay was reportedly attacked in howrah district.
one person died in clashes between the congress and trinamool congress (tmc) workers in mushirabad during the third phase of polling on april 23.
on april 25, a tmc workers was hacked to death, allegedly by bjp supporters, in malda district.
among the eight seats, the congress and bjp won one each in 2014.
the tmc won the remaining six.
in this phase, south bengal, a traditional bastion of tmc chief and state chief minister mamatabanerjee , will go to polls.
while mamatabanerjee has vowed to make a clean sweep of all 42 seats in the state, three in this phase stand out  berhampore, asansol and burdwan-durgapur.
the congress candidate from berhampore, adhir ranjan chowdhury, won in 2014 by over 300,000 votes, the biggest margin for any congress candidate in the country.
he has also held the seat since 1999.
the bjp has nominated union minister babul supriyo from asansol, which he won in 2014.
in turn, tmc nominated film star sreemati dev varma (moon moon sen), who won the bankura lok sabha seat in 2014.
in burdwan-durgapur, the bjp has nominated s s ahluwalia, who won from darjeeling in 2014.
he is pitted against tmcs mamtaz sanghamita, who won the seat by over 100,000 votes in 2014.
the election commission has stepped up the presence of central forces.
authorities indicate that 98  of the polling stations may be guarded in phase 4, up from 50  guarded in phase 1.
in asansol, the bjp is surely ahead since the trinamool candidate is weak.
in berhampore, i feel that congress candidate adhir chowdhury is ahead, said maidul islam at the centre for studies in social studies.
in the past few years, there was not a single communal riot in any bjp-ruled state in the country.
but there were several communal clashes in west bengal in the past few years and the chief minister has conveniently forgotten them.
the blood is actually on her hands and she is the real rioter, said bjp national secretary rahul sinha.
sinha pointed out that over the past few years communal clashes took place in bengal in areas such as dhulagarh, basirhat and asansol among others.
state bjp president dilip ghosh said that the stronger the bjp got in bengal, the more mamatabanerjee was targeting narendra modi personally.
one has to remember that the gujarat riots were an after-effect of godhra.
she cannot reap the political benefits of what happened 17 years ago, said ghosh, referring to the burning of a bogey in a train in godhra railway platform, in which 59 kar-sevaks (volunteers) lost their lives.
also read | at poll rally, mamatabanerjee explains why bengal skipped pm modi meetthe bengal chief minister and the prime minister have been locked in an ongoing battle of words this election campaign season.
while mamatabanerjee has called modi a liar, ravana and expiry babu (signalling his term as pm has expired), modi has coined a name speed breaker didi for mamatabanerjee , meaning her puts obstacles on the path of development that modi has envisaged for west bengal.
on monday, while addressing a public rally in bishnupur in bankura district, about 130 km from kolkata, the bengal chief minister shot back at earlier comments by modi that bengal under her was known for trinamool tolabazi tax.
if i am a tolabaaz (extortionist) what are you?
from head to toe you are drenched in the blood of people.
only riots, riots and riots, she said.
when modi comes to bengal and alleges tolabazi, i feel like giving him a slap of democracy, said mamatabanerjee on tuesday at a public rally, raising her right hand in a motion of slapping.
both, the prime minister and shah have criticised mamatabanerjee alleging her party leaders indulge in extortion.
at a press conference, bjp vice president baijayant jay panda and its media head anil baluni claimed that the modi wave will help the saffron party gain many seats from odisha and west bengal.
panda said the opposition, which is in panic mode, has been abusing modi, referring to banerjees remarks that modi should get a tight slap of democracy to attack the opposition.
her desperation shows how much the ground has shifted in the state, panda said.
congress president sonia gandhi will chair the first meeting of the opposition leaders on friday to discuss the strategy for the upcoming presidential elections.
the meeting  that will bring together arch rivals samajwadi party leader akhilesh yadav and bahujan samaj party supremo mayawati and trinamool congress chief mamatabanerjee bannerjee and cpm general secretary sitaram yechury  is expected to discuss the names of probable opposition candidates.
however, bihar chief minister nitish kumar will give the lunch meeting a miss.
nitish kumarji will not attend the meeting chaired by sonia gandhiji due to prior engagements.
our senior leader, sharad yadav, will represent the party instead, jd(u) national spokesperson kc tyagi said.
kejriwal has also indicated he wont attend the meeting.
the opposition leaders are hopeful he will send senior aam admi party leaders for the meeting.
apart from mayawati, yadav, bannerjee and yechury, those who are likely to attend the luncheon meeting include nationalist congress party chief sharad pawar, rashtriya janata dal president lalu prasad, sharad yadav of the janata dal (united), former prime minister hd deve gowda of the janata dal (secular), suravaram sudhakar reddy of the cpi, national conference leader omar abdullah and dmks kanimozhi.
the aaps presence in a meeting organised by the congress will surely be a new chapter in its short political history.
so far, the aap had been a bitter rival with the congress and stayed away from any such opposition combination.
mamata mamatabanerjee and sitaram yechury have been in touch with kejriwal to rope him in the larger oppositions scheme of things.
last week, kejriwal had a long meeting with mamatabanerjee and appeared to have decided to support the opposition candidate.
we have requested him to send two leaders from his party for the opposition meeting.
earlier, kejriwal has stayed away but allowed his parliamentarians to march alongside shiv sena to protest against demonetisation in delhi.
banerjee organised the march to rashtrapati bhavan with aap, national conference, sena and some other parties.
this time, opposition parties are hopeful kejriwal will follow the same model.
the congress favours nationalist congress party (ncp) chief sharad pawar as the opposition candidate for the upcoming presidential elections, hoping that the veteran politician will be able to garner support from a cross-section of political parties, including some bjp-led nda constituents.
however, the main opposition party will support incumbent pranab mukherjee if the ruling side re-nominates him.
the trinamool congress (tmc) chief said tripathi had also called her to take part in the meeting, but she declined as law and order was a state subject and not the governors.
tripathi has called the ruling tmc, the communist party of india (marxist), the bharatiya janata party (bjp) and the congress at the meeting on friday to have a discussion in creating a harmonious situation, whereby peace and harmony prevailed for the benefit of the citizens.
they (the governor) are the mouthpiece of the bjp.
he (tripathi) had called me also.
but i said i cannot go because you are the governor and i am the elected government.
above all, law and order is a state subject.
it is not your subject, she said.
also read: bjp spending crores to spread fake news, incite violence in bengal: mamatathe governor could call people for a cup of tea or a peace meeting, the tmc supremo said, adding, so i am sending a party representative there.
he will go there, have a cup of tea and come back.
tmc secretary general partha chatterjee, west bengal bjp president dilip ghosh, congress and cpi(m) state heads somen mitra and surya kanta mishra are scheduled to participate in the meeting at the raj bhavan.
post-poll violence has been reported from various places of west bengal after the bjp secured 18 of the 42 lok sabha seats in the state, just four less than the tmcs 22.
three men were killed in north 24 parganas districts sandeshkhali area on saturday after clashes broke out between tmc and bjp workers.
(this story has been published from a wire agency feed without modifications to the text.
only the headline has been changed.
hours after prime minister narendra modi claimed that west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee had not returned his calls to enquire about the damage done to the state by cyclone fani, the firebrand trinamool congress chief responded to the pms charge saying that she could not take the pms call as she was in kharagpur.
i could not take pms call on cyclone fani as i was in kharagpur, she said at a rally, while explaining why she could not take the pms calls.
during the course of the rally, she also said that she did not want to share the dais with the pm.
i dont want to share the dais with expiry pm as elections are on, she was quoted by news agency pti as saying.
watch: frustrated didi jailing those who chant jai sri ram: pm modi slams mamataearlier in the day, the pm had accused the west bengal chief minister of playing politics over the cyclone fani issue.
at a rally in bengals tamluk, he said that he had tried to contact the bengal cm twice, but she didnt respond.
speedbreaker didi has tried to play politics even on cyclone.
tried to talk to her twice but she didnt talk to me, such is her arrogance.
i kept waiting for her to call back, pm modi said.
he had conducted a survey on cyclone-hit areas in odisha earlier in the day and praised cm naveen patnaik for relief and rescue operations.
on sunday, a controversy had erupted over prime minister narendra modi calling up the west bengal governor keshari nath tripathi and asking him for a report on the damage cyclone fani had inflicted in the state.
sources in the prime ministers office said, that the staff had made two attempts to connect the pm to the west bengal chief minsiter, but both times they were told that the call would be returned.
attention has been drawn to reports in a section of the media, that the trinamool congress has expressed its displeasure at prime minister modi speaking only to west bengal governor keshari nath tripathi, about the post-fani situation in the state.
apparently, trinamool leaders have claimed that the prime minister had called up odisha cm naveen patnaik, but did not phone west bengal cm mamatabanerjee banerjee.
the above claim is incorrect, sources said.
sources said that two attempts had been made on saturday morning by the prime ministers staff to connect him to the west bengal cm on phone.
the first time, the staff who were attempting to place the call, were told that the west bengal cm is on tour, and that the call would be returned.
on the second occasion too, the staff attempting to place the call were told by the cms office, that the call will be returned.
we have accepted all their demands.
i had sent my ministers, principal secretary to meet the doctors.
they waited for five hours both yesterday and today.
however, the doctors did not turn up.
drawing parallels with other states in the past, the chief minister also reiterated that the bengal government did not want to invoke the essential services maintenance act (esma) against the agitating junior doctors.
we did not arrest a single person.
we will not take any police action.
health services cannot continue like this.
i am not going to take any stringent action.
junior doctors across west bengal are on a strike since tuesday after two of their colleagues were brutally attacked and beaten by the relatives of a patient who died at the nrs medical college and hospital in kolkata.
the agitation had spread beyond bengal across 17 states and union territories during the week.
resident doctors of the all india institute of medical science (aiims) and safdarjung hospital in new delhi had also boycotted work on friday to express solidarity with their colleagues in bengal.
support for the agitating doctors had poured in from the medical fraternity across the country.
over the past two days, as many as 640 doctors in bengal -- professors, associate professors, assistant professors and medical officers - have written to the authorities saying that they would like to resign from the services.
earlier on thursday, the chief minister had also alleged the presence of outsiders triggering angry reactions from the protesting doctors.
former union finance minister arun jaitley died at delhis aiims on saturday.
he was 66.
jaitley was admitted to aiims on august 9, after he complained of uneasiness.
a press release by aiims media and protocol division said jaitley died at 12:07 pm on saturday.
also read| when arun jaitley spent rs 35,000 to prep for rajya sabha debateread updates here:7:55 pm ist arun jaitley stood by me in all my troubles: amit shah whenever i faced trouble in my life, arun jaitley ji stood by me.
today he is not with us anymore, i pray to the almighty to give peace to the departed soul and give strength to his family and bjp workers, to cope with this loss, said amit shah.
7:45 pm ist sonia gandhi, rahul gandhi pay tribute to arun jaitley former pm dr manmohan singh, congress interim president sonia gandhi and congress leader rahul gandhi, pay tribute to former union finance minister arun jaitley who passed away earlier today.
7:34 pm ist unbearable loss to the bjp: amit shah union home minister amit shah: arun jaitleys demise is an unbearable loss to the workers of bjp.
as a student leader, he was jailed for 19 months during the emergency.
as a member of parliament, he always raised the voice of the people and acted as a crusader against corruption.
7:15 pm ist he was an asset to the party: rajnath singh the nation will never forget his contribution, he was an asset to the party, the government when he was part of it, and the country.
he is not with us anymore, i pay tribute to him, said rajnath singh.
6:55 pm ist nirmala sitharaman pays tribute to arun jaitley finance minister nirmala sitharaman pays tribute to former union finance minister arun jaitley.
6:35 pm ist naveen patnaik at jaitleys residence to pay his last respects odisha chief minister naveen patnaik and biju janata dal (bjd) mp pinaki misra pay tribute to former union finance minister arun jaitley.
6:25 pm ist lk advani visits jaitleys delhi home, pays tribute veteran bjp leader lal krishna advani pays tribute to former union finance minister arun jaitley, who passed away at all india institute of medical sciences, earlier today.
6:15 pm ist us mission in india grieves with people of india: us embassy us embassy issued a statement today: us mission in india grieves with people of india on demise of former minister arun jaitley.
hell be remembered for his long & distinguished service.
especially notable was his introduction of gst, efforts to improve ease of doing business,&measures to combat corruption.
:ani6:00 pm ist yogi adityanath, ravi shankar prasad also pay their last respects uttar pradesh cm yogi adityanath, union minister ravi shankar prasad pay tribute to former finance minister arun jaitley.
leaders at arun jaitleys residence.
( ani twitter )5:50 pm ist jyotiraditya scindia, arvind kejriwal pay tribute to jaitley congress leader jyotiraditya scindia along with his family, delhi cm arvind kejriwal and deputy cm manish sisodia, paid tribute to former finance minister arun jaitley, who passed away earlier today.
:ani5:35 pm ist a big loss for bjp: j-k governor sp malik j-k governor sp malik on arun jaitley: its a big loss for bjp,country and for me personally.
he was a very talented person, brilliant people like him are rarely seen in politics.
i pray to the almighty to give peace to his soul & give strength to his family at this moment of grief.
:ani5:25 pm ist s jaishankar pays tribute to arun jaitley external affairs minister subrahmanyam jaishankar pays tribute to former union finance minister arun jaitley, who passed away at all india institute of medical sciences, earlier today.
:ani5:05 pm ist president ram nath kovind pays tribute to arun jaitley president ram nath kovind pays tribute to former union finance minister arun jaitley.
3:49 pm ist mortal remains of arun jaitley brought to his residence mortal remains of former union finance minister arun jaitley brought to his residence in delhi from all india institute of medical sciences, where he passed away, earlier today.
3:24 pm ist jp nadda and harsh vardhan laid wreaths on mortal remains on arun jaitley bjp working president jp nadda and union health minister dr. harsh vardhan laid wreaths on mortal remains on arun jaitley, on behalf of bjp president amit shah and pm modi, respectively.
bjp working president jp nadda & union health minister dr. harsh vardhan laid wreaths on mortal remains on #arunjaitley, on behalf of bjp president amit shah & pm modi, respectively.
pic.
twitter.com/93y7ogrelo  ani (@ani) august 24, 20193:16 pm ist he was always available for all of us with his sage advice: piyush goyal union minister piyush goyal on arun jaitley : i am deeply pained at the sad demise of my brother and my mentor.
he was always available for all of us with his sage advice.
it is a great personal loss for me and my family.
union minister piyush goyal on #arunjaitley : i am deeply pained at the sad demise of my brother and my mentor.
he was always available for all of us with his sage advice.
it is a great personal loss for me and my family.
pic.
twitter.com/mwet4eku49  ani (@ani) august 24, 20193:15 pm ist mortal remains of former union finance minister arun jaitley being taken to his delhi home delhi: mortal remains of former union finance minister arun jaitley being taken to his residence from all india institutes of medical sciences, where he passed away, earlier today.
delhi: mortal remains of former union finance minister arun jaitley being taken to his residence from all india institutes of medical sciences, where he passed away, earlier today.
pic.
twitter.com/lbfxddidsr  ani (@ani) august 24, 20192:59 pm ist personally, deeply saddened by passing away of arun jaitley: cji ranjan gogoi i am personally, deeply saddened by passing away of arun jaitley: cji ranjan gogoi, reports pti.
2:46 pm ist arun jaitley to be cremated at nigambodh ghat on sunday former finance minister arun jaitley will be cremated on sunday afternoon at the nigambodh ghat, bjp leader sudhanshu mittal said, reports pti.
2:43 pm ist as a finance minister arun jaitley ji steered landmark reforms: yogi adityanath yogi adityanath tweets: as a finance minister shri @arunjaitley ji steered landmark reforms- gst and the insolvency and bankruptcy code his passing away is very saddening.
it is a big loss to the nation and to the party and a personal loss to me.
2:35 pm ist arun jaitley, a cultured gentleman: tamil nadu cm k palaniswami praising arun jaitley as a cultured gentleman who had cordial ties with all cutting across party lines, tamil nadu chief minister k palaniswami on saturday said he was grieved to learn of his death, which was a huge loss for the country.
arun jaitleys passing away is a huge loss not only for his family but also for his party and the entire indian nation, he said expressing shock and grief in his condolence, reports pti.
2:20 pm ist truly cherish many years of friendship shared with a humble leader: chandrababu naidu chandrababu naidu tweets: devastated to learn about the passing away of arun jaitley ji.
truly cherish the many years of friendship shared with a humble leader who was also a great statesman.
my deepest condolences to his family.
2:13 pm ist nirmala sitaraman and jitendra singh reach delhis aiims nirmala sitaraman and jitendra singh reach delhis aiims.
2:04 pm ist arun jaitley was a powerful intellectual, an able administrator and a man of impeccable integrity: venkaiah naidu vice-president, m venkaiah naidu on arun jaitley: his death is an irreparable loss for the country and personally to me also.
i have no words to express my grief.
he was a powerful intellectual, an able administrator and a man of impeccable integrity.
vice-president, m venkaiah naidu on #arunjaitley: his death is an irreparable loss for the country and personally to me also.
i have no words to express my grief.
he was a powerful intellectual, an able administrator and a man of impeccable integrity.
pic.
twitter.com/hjx18wlzyz  ani (@ani) august 24, 20191:57 pm ist arun jaitley was a superhuman, devoted life to service of the nation: shivraj chouhan former madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan on saturday condoled the demise of former union finance minister arun jaitley.
he was a great man and superhuman.
this is not just the loss of bjp, it is the loss for the entire country and the entire world.
he devoted his life for the service of the country, he said while talking to reporters in bhopal, reports news agency ani.
1:53 pm ist his contributions to public life will forever be remembered: sonia gandhi on arun jaitleys demise congress president sonia gandhi has expressed deep pain and distress at the untimely passing away of arun jaitley.
condoling his death she said that shri jaitley had a long innings as a public figure, parliamentarian and minister and his contributions to public life will forever be remembered.
1:50 pm ist his death is an irreparable loss for the country and personally to me also: venkaiah naidu vice-president and bjp leader, m venkaiah naidu on arun jaitley: his death is an irreparable loss for the country and personally to me also.
i have no words to express my grief.
he was a powerful intellectual, an able administrator and a man of impeccable integrity.
vice-president and bjp leader, m venkaiah naidu on #arunjaitley: his death is an irreparable loss for the country and personally to me also.
i have no words to express my grief.
he was a powerful intellectual, an able administrator and a man of impeccable integrity.
pic.
twitter.com/zcak61ey93  ani (@ani) august 24, 20191:50 pm ist all programmes of jharkhand chief minister raghubar das scheduled for today and tomorrow, have been postponed all programmes of jharkhand chief minister raghubar das scheduled for today and tomorrow, have been postponed in view of former union finance minister, arun jaitleys demise, reports news agency ani.
1:46 pm ist bjp family has lost one of its integral members today: jharkhand cm raghubar das jharkhand chief minister raghubar das tweets, saddened by jaitley jis demise, bjp family has lost one of its integral members today.
i pray to the almighty to give peace to the departed soul and give strength to his family at this time of grief.
1:43 pm ist saddened to know about the demise of shri arun jaitley: randeep singh surjewala randeep singh surjewala tweets: saddened to know about the demise of shri arun jaitley.
my deepest condolences to his family.
an astute parliamentarian, hell always be remembered.
may his soul rest in peace.
1:38 pm ist deeply pained and anguished on the sad demise of our old friend: shatrughan sinha shatrughan sinha tweets: deeply pained & anguished on the sad demise of our old friend, friend & guide of the society, veteran stalwart leader #arunjaitley.
the whole nation grieves his loss.
he led over four decades in public life effectively & satisfyingly.
he had enormous leadership qualities & was a great multi tasker, taking charge of many ministries with complete ease, with tremendous administration abilities.
he stood tall among others as a tall, fierce leader, a warm human being, intellectual par excellence & a wonderful gentleman.
he will be remembered for his leadership & wisdom.
prayers with his family, friends & supporters.
may they find the strength in these difficult times.
your absence will be truly missed.
may his soul rest in peace.
1:35 pm ist arun jaitley was an asset for the country, for the government, and for the party: rajnath singh defence minister rajnath singh in lucknow: just got to know of the passing away of arun jaitley ji.
he was an asset for the country, for the government, and for the party.
i will leave for delhi to pay tributes to arun jaitley ji.
defence minister rajnath singh in lucknow: just got to know of the passing away of arun jaitley ji.
he was an asset for the country, for the govt, and for the party.
i will leave for delhi to pay tributes to arun jaitley ji.
pic.
twitter.com/qytavzsj4e  ani (@ani) august 24, 20191:34 pm ist on behalf of france, i offer our heartfelt condolences to the family and loved ones of arun jaitley ji: french ambassador to india alexandre ziegler french ambassador to india alexandre ziegler: on behalf of france, i offer our heartfelt condolences to the family and loved ones of arun jaitley ji.
france stands with india and its people in this time of deep grief.
1:28 pm ist arun jaitley jis demise is an irreparable loss for all of us: piyush goyal piyush goyal tweets: shri arun jaitley jis demise is an irreparable loss for all of us.
he was an outstanding statesman & administrator who devoted his life to public service & nations growth the nation is in mourning.
my deep condolences to his family in this moment of grief.
om shanti.
1:26 pm ist his intelligence, sagacity, astuteness have no match: nirmala sitharaman on arun jaitleys death nirmala sitharaman tweets: no words can describe the loss of shri @arunjaitley.
a mentor to many of us, a guide and a moral support and strength.
have learnt so much from him.
a fine large-hearted person.
always ready to help anyone/everyone.
his intelligence, sagacity, astuteness have no match.
1:22 pm ist extremely saddened by the passing of arun jaitley after battling a long illness with fortitude and dignity: ram nath kovind president ram nath kovind: extremely saddened by the passing of arun jaitley after battling a long illness with fortitude and dignity.
a brilliant lawyer, a seasoned parliamentarian, and a distinguished minister, he contributed immensely to nation-building.
president ram nath kovind: extremely saddened by the passing of arun jaitley after battling a long illness with fortitude and dignity.
a brilliant lawyer, a seasoned parliamentarian, and a distinguished minister, he contributed immensely to nation-building.
pic.
twitter.com/erfxgk37kw  ani (@ani) august 24, 20191:21 pm ist with the demise of arun jaitley ji, i have lost a valued friend: pm modi with the demise of arun jaitley ji, i have lost a valued friend, whom i have had the honour of knowing for decades.
his insight on issues and nuanced understanding of matters had very few parallels.
he lived well, leaving us all with innumerable happy memories.
we will miss him!
: pm modi1:20 pm ist bjp and arun jaitley ji had an unbreakable bond: pm modi bjp and arun jaitley ji had an unbreakable bond.
as a fiery student leader, he was at forefront of protecting our democracy during the emergency.
he became a much liked face of our party, who could articulate the party programmes and ideology to a wide spectrum of society: pm modi1:20 pm ist arun jaitley ji held multiple ministerial responsibilities, which enabled him to contribute towards indias economic growth: pm modi during his long political career, arun jaitley ji held multiple ministerial responsibilities, which enabled him to contribute towards indias economic growth, strengthening our defence capabilities, creating people friendly laws and enhancing trade with other nations: pm modi1:19 pm ist arun jaitley ji was admired by people across all sections of society: pm modi full of life, blessed with wit, a great sense of humour and charisma, arun jaitley ji was admired by people across all sections of society.
he was multi-faceted, having impeccable knowledge about indias constitution, history, public policy, governance and administration: pm modi1:18 pm ist arun jaitley ji was a political giant, towering intellectual and legal luminary: pm modi pm modi tweets: arun jaitley ji was a political giant, towering intellectual and legal luminary.
he was an articulate leader who made a lasting contribution to india.
his passing away is very saddening.
spoke to his wife sangeeta ji as well as son rohan, and expressed condolences.
om shanti.
1:16 pm ist pm modi has spoken to arun jaitleys wife and son, and expressed his condolences pm narendra modi has spoken to arun jaitleys wife and son, and expressed his condolences.
both of them insisted that pm does not cancel his current foreign tour, reports news agency ani.
1:15 pm ist a great loss for india: shashi tharoor on arun jaitleys demise shashi tharoor tweets: deeply saddened by the tragic passing of my friend&delhiuniv senior @arunjaitley.
we first met when he was at dusu& i was president of ststephenscollegeunion.
despite political differences we enjoyed a healthy mutual respect&debated his budget often in ls.
a great loss4india1:13 pm ist his contribution to build our nation is immense: hd kumaraswamy hd kumaraswamy tweets: deeply saddened by the demise of former union minister shri.
@arunjaitley.
his contribution to build our nation is immense.
let god give strength to his family and well-wishers to bear this loss.
#arunjaitley1:10 pm ist my thoughts are with his family in this time of grief: capt amarinder singh on arun jaitleys demise captain amarinder singh tweets: sad to hear that former union minister #arunjaitley ji has passed away.
my thoughts are with his family in this time of grief.
may his soul rest in peace.
1:09 pm ist untimely demise of former finance minister and senior leader arun jaitley is a huge loss to the nation: arvind kejriwal arvind kejriwal tweets: untimely demise of former fm and senior leader sh arun jaitley ji is a huge loss to the nation.
a legal luminary and an experienced political leader known for his governance skills will be missed by the country.
thoughts and prayers with his family in this moment of grief.
rip1:06 pm ist vice president venkaiah naidu cuts short his visit to andhra pradesh following demise of arun jaitley vice president m. venkaiah naidu who was to leave from chennai for nellore in andhra pradesh, has cut short his visit and is returning to delhi following the demise of former finance minister arun jaitley.
vice president m. venkaiah naidu (in file pic) who was to leave from chennai for nellore in andhra pradesh, has cut short his visit and is returning to delhi following the demise of former finance minister arun jaitley.
pic.
twitter.com/yy30wyd7sm  ani (@ani) august 24, 20191:05 pm ist deeply pained by demise of arun jaitley; its like a personal loss: amit shah home minister amit shah: deeply pained by the demise of #arunjaitley ji.
it is like a personal loss for me.
i have not only lost a senior party leader but also an important family member who will forever be a guiding light for me.
hm amit shah: deeply pained by the demise of #arunjaitley ji.
it is like a personal loss for me.
i have not only lost a senior party leader but also an important family member who will forever be a guiding light for me.
(file pic) pic.
twitter.com/bka1nevxlo  ani (@ani) august 24, 20191:04 pm ist arun jaitley served the nation and sangathan with dedication and zeal: smriti irani smriti irani tweets: a stalwart who paid tribute to his simple beginnings by helping those with meagre means .
orator par excellence, legal luminary @arunjaitley ji served the nation and sangathan with dedication and zeal.
my tributes to him.
condolences to loved ones.
om shanti.
1:02 pm ist could never forget him and his contribution: suresh prabhu on arun jaitleys demise suresh prabhu tweets: extremely sad to hear about passing away of our dear friend,legal brain,sharp mind,astute strategist,seasoned politician,exemplary parliamentian,exceptional communicator,sr leader,colleague of years #arunjaitley will always feel void,could never forget him&contribution om shanti12:57 pm ist our thoughts and prayers are with them in this time of grief: inc congress tweets: we are deeply saddened to hear the passing of shri arun jaitley.
our condolences to his family.
our thoughts and prayers are with them in this time of grief.
12:56 pm ist as leader of opposition he was without match: kapil sibal on arun jaitley congress leader kapail sibal tweets: very sorry to learn that arun jaitley is no more .
an old friend and a dear colleague will be remembered for his seminal contributions to the polity and as fm of india .
as leader of opposition he was without match .
he always stood steadfastly for his friends and for his party .
12:55 pm ist arun jaitleys contribution to indian polity will be remembered: mamatabanerjee west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee tweets: extremely saddened at the passing away of arun jaitley ji, after a battle bravely borne.
an outstanding parliamentarian & a brilliant lawyer, appreciated across parties.
his contribution to indian polity will be remembered.
my condolences to his wife, children, friends & admirers12:53 pm ist arun jaitley ji was an asset to the government: rajnath singh rajnath singh tweets: arun jaitley ji served the nation in several capacities and he was an asset to the government and the party organisation.
he always had a deep and clear understanding of the issues of the day.
his knowledge and articulation won him several friends.
of the three west bengal constituencies going to the polls in the second phase on thursday, the battle for darjeeling, in north bengal, is the most politically significant.
the other two seats are jalpaiguri, also in north bengal, and raiganj in uttar dinajpur.
in the 2014 general elections, s s ahluwalia of the bharatiya janata party (bjp) won darjeeling, md salim of the communist party of india (marxist) won raiganj, while bijoy chandra bauman of trinamool congress (tmc) won jalpaiguri.
this time, four hill-based parties  gorkha janmukti morcha (gjm) led by bimal gurung, gorkha national liberation front, communist party of revolutionary marxists and a faction of akhil bharat gorkha league  have rallied around the bjp candidate raju singh bista, who will take on tmcs amar singh rai in darjeeling.
these parties are trying to revive the demand for political and administrative separation from bengal, which chief minister mamatabanerjee has vowed to prevent.
raiganj is one of bengals trickiest constituencies, where analysts claim, anyone with 30  of the vote can hope to win.
deepa dasmunsi, the congress candidate whom cpi(m)s md salim edged out in 2014, is back to avenge her defeat.
the bjp  its candidate is debasree chaudhuri  has tried to polarise voters by highlighting the deaths of two young men in police firing in front of daribhit school in islampur in september 2018 while protesting the appointment of an urdu teacher.
from the tmc, kanaia lal agarwal is in the fray.
in jalpaiguri, the fight is mainly between tmcs bijoy chandra barman and bjps jayanta ray.
interestingly, both parties are claiming credit for the circuit bench of the calcutta high court that was inaugurated by prime minister narendra modi in february.
if polling is peaceful and fair, it will be difficult for trinamool congress to win any of the three seats.
it will also be a challenge for the ruling party to keep its workers in check so that they dont indulge in violence, said amal mukhopadhyay, a teacher of political science and former principal of presidency college.
from indias growth slowing post-demonetisation, declaration of upsc exam results to the haqqani network blamed for kabul blast here are the top stories to bring you up to date:india growth slows to 7.
1  in 2016-17 as demonetisation hits consumptionindias economic growth slowed to 6.
1  in the fourth quarter ending march 2017, compared with 7.
1  in the previous quarter, as the governments note ban decision slowed activity in cash-dependent sectors.
government data showed the gross domestic product grew 7.
1  in the full financial year 2016-17, slower than 8  recorded in the previous year.
after novembers demonetisation drive, the government has come under criticism from opposition political parties and economists for putting a poke on indias growth story and triggering job cuts.
read the story here.
upsc 2016 results declared: have realised my dream, says topper nandini krnandini kr of karnatakas kolar who topped the union public service commissions civil services examination for 2016, is a civil engineering graduate from ms ramaiah institute of technology in bangalore.
this is a very happy moment for me, i have realised my dream, nandini told news agency ani.
i put in a lot of effort.
after getting selected in the irs in 2014, i had taken the exam again in 2015 but could not crack it.
i took the test again and topped it.
it is a wonderful experience, she said.
the government in a statement said nandini had qualified with kannada literature as her optional subject.
read the story here.
90 killed in kabul blast: afghan intel says attack planned by haqqani network, isia powerful bomb hidden in a sewage tanker exploded in the highly secure diplomatic quarter of kabul on wednesday morning, killing 90 people.
the blast in the heart of the afghan capital injured 400 people and damaged the embassies of india, bulgaria, france, japan, turkey and the uae.
indias ambassador manpreet vohra said the bomb went off nearly 100 metres from the countrys embassy, causing considerable damage but all members of the staff were safe.
the national directorate of security said on wednesday evening the attack was planned by the haqqani network in pakistan with the direct help of the inter-services intelligence agency, according to afghan media.
read the story here.
techie employed with lava mobile firm shot dead in noida, murder caught on cctva 23-year-old woman employee of a mobile handset company was shot dead by an unidentified person at shatabdi rail vihar, a residential society in noida sector 62, on wednesday morning.
police said cctv cameras recorded footage of anjali rathour, a trainee engineer with lava international limited, being chased by a pistol-wielding man at a parking lot of the apartment complex around 6.
34 am.
however, poor video quality has prevented police from zeroing in on the murderer so far.
read the story here.
cows exhale oxygen, peacocks dont have sex: rajasthan hc judgea rajasthan high court judge asked the central and state governments to declare the cow as indias national animal and ensure that those who kill it be given life terms.
justice mahesh chandra sharma also listed 11 benefits of cow urine.
among the things the judge he said in his order, cow is the only living being which intakes oxygen and emits oxygen and the animal is a hospital in itself, drinking cow urine rids one of sins of the previous life.
he also said separately that peacocks dont mate peahens but sire offsprings with their tears.
read related stories here and here.
amit shah eats at tribal home in gujarat; coolers, lpg stove installed for visitcontinuing with his lunch-dinner diplomacy, bjp president amit shah enjoyed food with a tribal family at devaliya village in tribal-dominated chhota udepur district in gujarat.
the bharatiya janata party (bjp) chief started his lunch-dinner diplomacy to connect with the masses in west bengal where he had lunch with a dalit family, then he visited varanasi and now he is in gujarat.
the vip presence at his place turned into a blessing for the tribal party worker, as other partymen helped the rathwa family put basic infrastructure in place, with the family getting a new toilet facility, a wash basin, an lpg stove and a couple of coolers.
read the story here.
mamata pulls up kolkata school for playing modis mann ki baat to studentswest bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on wednesday pulled up authorities of shri shikshayatan, a private girls school in kolkata, for playing prime minister narendra modis maan ki baat for students.
the trinamool congress chief, however, did not name either modi or his monthly radio show.
i heard that the shri shikshayatan principal is playing the video of a speech by a political leader in the classrooms and forcing the students to watch it.
read the story here.
up cm yogi adityanath visits ayodhya, says ram temple issue should be resolved through dialogueuttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath said on wednesday the ram janmabhoomi-babri masjid dispute should be resolved through dialogue and his government will support such a step.
the 44-year-old priest-politician visited and prayed at the makeshift ram temple in ayodhya, the first chief minister do so in 15 years.
we will try for an amicable solution to the ayodhya ram janmabhoomi dispute, within the ambit of law.
the dispute should be resolved by dialogue between the two communities, he said at a gathering of seers.
read the story here.
pilots of missing sukhoi jet failed to eject before crash, died of injuries: iafthe pilots of a sukhoi-30 aircraft died in a crash near tezpur airbase last week because they were unable to initiate the ejection process, analysis of equipment recovered from the site has revealed.
squadron leader d pankaj and flight lieutenant s achudev were killed on may 23, but the plane wreckage was located near arunachal pradeshs doulasang area only three days later.
read the story here.
mosques in uk refuse to bury the body of manchester bomber salman abedimosques have refused to bury the body of manchester-born suicide bomber salman abedi who blew himself up at a concert last week killing 22 people.
the citys authorities are reportedly doing everything in their power to stop the 22-year-old libyan-origin bombers cremation, burial in any way in the greater manchester area.
councils, funeral directors and mosques in manchester have refused to bury abedis body.
it has emerged that his corpse is currently being held in a morgue outside the city.
read the story here.
prime minister narendra modi once again launched a stinging attack on west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee from cooch behar calling her a speed-breaker didi and accusing her of stalling all development projects in the state.
speed-breaker didi is running scared as she knows that peoples mood has changed, the prime minister said at an election rally in cooch behar in west bengal, a state that sends 42 members to the lok sabha.
pointing at a temporary structure that had been built at the venue of his rally, he said that the mamatabanerjee banerjee-led tmc government in west bengal had made all attempts to stop the people from coming to attend the rally.
this construction is an indicator of didis defeat.
this construction has been done to reduce the space for you to stand.
one cannot win elections with such childish acts, he said.
he added that the huge crowd which had gathered to hear him speak was also testimony to didis impending defeat in the state.
referring to the tmc chief as the speed-breaker once again, he said that she knew she was going to be defeated and was venting her anger on the officials of her government.
she is venting her anger and is attacking her officials as well as the election commission.
the way she is attacking the election commission shows how scared she is on her home turf.
as chants of modi modi rent the air, the prime minister said, people of the state have shown her the mirror and have expressed a desire to free themselves from her despotic rule.
they are tired of the state being overrun by trinamool congress goons and are seeking an alternative for further development in the state.
the poorest of the poor now have bank passbooks and debit cards.
the bjp government has made it possible.
gas connections, mobile phones and the internet have found their way into every household due to our efforts.
the centre has also sanctioned crores of rupees for the development of coochbehar, pm modi said.
referring to the balakot surgical strikes after the terror attack on a crpf convoy in pulwama in february, the prime minister once again directly attacked mamatabanerjee saying she had a problem with each and every achievement of the bjp government at the centre.
prime minister narendra modi referred to a recent statement by national conference chief omar abdullah that the post of prime minister would be revived in jammu and kashmir he said, didi is now joining hands with people who want two prime ministers in the country.
should the country have two prime ministers?
he said.
referring to mamatas nephew, abhishek banejee, a prominent leader in state politics, the prime minister said that west bengals bua-bhatija team was bent upon ruining the state.
together, you and i will rid west bengal of the left, tmc and its hooligans, he said at the cooch behar rally.
later in the day, the prime minister is also scheduled to speak at udaipur in tripura and imphal in manipur.
indiaupdated: aug 28, 2019 16:33 istwest bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on wednesday lashed out at the centre on a range of issues: to the goings on in jammu and kashmir to crackdown by investigative agencies while speaking at the foundation day programme of the trinamool congress students wing.
there have been so many developments in kashmir.
but could anybody speak?
did they allow anyone to enter and report on the ground situation?
they have not allowed anyone to speak.
they have subjugated everyone under the gun, the trinamool congress chief said.
she also took a jibe against the communist party of india and said they are not protesting against the centre now.
once kolkata came alive with the slogan tomar naam amar naam vietnam vietnam (vietnam is your name and mine).
where is your protest now?
ram bam ek hoye gelen?
(has the left become one with ram)?
she asked, adding a significant number from the left have joined the bharatiya janata party (bjp).
bjp bengal unit chief dilip ghosh rejected her allegation and said that (opposition) mps did speak against the centres decision on kashmir, but they did not have substance in their argument.
the chief minister also said that the central investigative agencies are harassing all parties and summoning mlas and mps regularly.
how long can this situation continue?
she asked.
renewing her old allegation that the agencies are now targetting bengal, she said that the agencies are cracking down on them since they are not afraid (of the centre).
we are not afraid of the central investigative agencies.
they are summoning my brothers today.
tomorrow they may call me.
i am ready for it.
i am not afraid to go to jail.
if i go to jail, i will think that it is another freedom struggle.
but i shall not bow down to the politics of the bharatiya janata party, said the bengal chief minister.
bjp bengal unit president dilip ghosh hit back saying, why is she afraid?
she is thinking that if chidambaram can be taken into custody, the arm of the law can reach anywhere.
if some agency has evidence, investigative agencies can summon anyone.
when he was the chief minister, narendra modi was questioned.
why should she be afraid?
why should she say such things time and again?
added ghosh.
the tmc chief also said that the country is heading for a presidential form of government.
i am making this prediction today.
there is a move towards presidential form of government.
one election, one leader, one political party, one emergency, she said.
addressing the students, she said, if you give us these two years (till the bengal assembly polls that are supposed to take place in 2021), bengal will give you the next 50 years.
she also criticised the centres decision of the reserve bank of india to transfer rs 1.
76 lakh crore.
if there is a crisis there wont be any money left, she remarked.
the tmc chief also slammed the centre on the condition of psus such as bsnl, bengal chemicals, air india and the railways.
we are with the employees, she remarked.
the chief minister also said that on november 15 and 16; she will meet students of colleges at the netaji indoor stadium in kolkata to pick new leaders.
i shall interact to find out who can be the next generation of leaders in the state.
i shall prepare the next rung of leaders who will not allow the bjp to come to power in the state for the next 50 years, said mamatabanerjee banerjee.
the bengal bjp chief said the chief ministers words are a reflection of her frustration.
will the ruling trinamool congress (tmc) be able to continue its winning spree in bengal and register its first electoral victory in the hills that will go for the civic polls on may 14.
since late eighties the four municipalities of darjeeling, kurseong, kalimpong and mirik in darjeeling hills have always been ruled by local parties gorkha national liberation front (gnlf) and gorkha janmukti morcha (gjm).
both have spearheaded movements for creation of separate state of gorkhaland.
both the outfits still bank on the politics of a separate state.
read: administration wraps darjeeling with cctv camerasthe gjm that also runs the gorkhaland territorial administration (gta) formed through tri-partite agreement between the gjm, centre and the state government in july 2011 continues to be the strongest political force in the hills.
harka bahadur of jan andolan party.
though he was earlier close to chief minister mamatabanerjee , the two fell out and tmc struck an alliance with gnlf.
(ht photo)though all polls held since 2009 including two lok sabha elections, two assembly elections and municipal elections were cakewalks for bimal gurung-led gjm, this time the political equation is different as opposition parties including the tmc have started flexing muscle, while gjms support base stand somewhat eroded.
on the other, though tmc registered one electoral victory after another since 2011 in rest of the state lost all the six assembly seats in the 2016 election in darjeeling district.
it also lost the siliguri municipal corporation and siliguri mahakuma parishad (subdivisional council) elections to the left front.
the may 14 municipality polls in politically volatile hills the hills has provided tmc the opportunity to prove its mettle.
despite gjms opposition, mamatabanerjee has created 15 development bodies for different hill communities and pumped in hundreds of crores of rupees for them.
this is a time for the development boards to pay back to the state government by supporting the tmc, said a senior tmc leader requesting anonymity.
read: new political equation unfolds in darjeeling hills, tmc-gnlf forge poll alliance against gjms mighttmc was also successful in instigating rebellion among the gjm rank and file and gjms frontal organsiations as hundreds of ad-hoc employees of the gta, ad-hoc, voluntary and organizing teachers joined the tmc bandwagon.
immediately after the ad-hoc teachers joined tmc their jobs were regularised by the state government.
mamata mamatabanerjee has made numerous trips to darjeeling hills.
she wants to project that none else will cater to the developments needs of the people of the hills more than her.
(ht photo)this was done by the state government just to create a division in the gjm, said bimal gurung, the gjm president and the gta chief executive.
education is a transferred subject to the gta but the state government never allowed it to work as per the gta accord, claimed roshan giri, gta executive sabhasad for education department.
though gjm is still a force to reckon with in darjeeling hills, tmc is desperately trying to reach out to the people.
it has forged an alliance with the gnlf.
trinamool congress has deployed scores of its senior leaders and ministers to bring home its first electoral victory in darjeeling hills.
gjm has made the election as gorkhaland-versus-bengal issue.
gjm is seeking votes for creation of separate state and to give a befitting reply to the state governments divide and rule policy and dirty politics.
read: losing ground to trinamool, gorkha janmukti morcha raises gorkhaland issue before modi, nda partnersthe tmc and the state government are of the opinion that the four municipalities of darjeeling, kurseong, mirik and kalimpong were marred by corruption under the rule of gjm.
after two periods of unrest for the struggle for gorkhaland, life in darjeeling is back to normal since 2012.
(ht photo)goutam deb the state tourism minister has been camping in darjeeling since tuesday and will be there till may 12.
similarly the party has lined up many senior ministers and leaders for campaigning in the hills.
they include abishek mamatabanerjee , pwd minster aroop biswas, municipal affairs minister firad hakim, north bengal development minister rabindranath ghosh, mohan sharma the sabhadipati of alipurduar zilla parishad and saurav chakraborty the alipurduar mla and tmcs president in alipurduar district.
they would hold rallies and meetings in different parts of the hills.
abishek mamatabanerjee will address a tmc-gnlf rally in darjeeling on friday.
tmc is focusing on mirik, darjeeling and kurseong while the jan andolan party is set to give tough fight to the gjm in kalimpong.
deb said, chief minister mamatabanerjee has showered unprecedented love and developments in the hills.
she has visited darjeeling hills more than 50 times in last six years and created a separate kalimpong district, deb said adding that hill people will vote for development and against the corrupt practices of gjm.
accidents continue to claim lives on highways in bengal despite chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjees stress on her safe drive, safe life campaign, with 15 deaths from two incidents taking place within a week.
eight persons in a four-wheeler died on a state highway in burdwan districts kanksa area in the wee hours on sunday, when the car rammed into a truck head-on.
seven persons died on the spot while two were taken to a hospital.
while one of the injured was released from the hospital after primary treatment, the other succumbed to his injuries in the afternoon.
police were yet to identify the deceased till afternoon but learnt that they were residents of samudragarh in burdwan district and were returning from a village fair in neighbouring birbhum district.
the driver of the truck is on the run and police has initiated an investigation.
(ht photo)from primary investigation they suspect the accident happened when the four-wheeler was overtaking a truck, as another truck coming from the other end rammed into it.
it seems both the vehicles were running at 80-100 km/ hr.
the four-wheeler was completely mangled, an officer at kanksa police station said.
the driver of the truck is on the run and police has initiated an investigation.
this accident took place barely four days after all seven members of a family, including two women and three children, were killed when a tar-laden truck overturned on their car on nh 2 in the same district.
the chief minister had recently expressed grave concerns over increasing accident deaths, especially in the capital city and its suburbs, and had asked the police of taking strong action against traffic rule violators.
west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee is believed to have supported another term for president pranab mukherjee during her meeting with congress chief sonia gandhi on tuesday.
the trinamool congress chief is also open to the candidature of mahatma gandhis grandson, former bureaucrat gopal krishna gandhi or former lok sabha speaker meira kumar, sources told ht.
it was a very important meeting.
we discussed the presidential election as well as the current political situation.
congress president sonia gandhi may call all opposition parties for discussing a presidential candidate in the next 7 to 10 days.
congress sources maintain that if the government proposes mukherjees name, the opposition will lend their support.
banerjee, too, said that a consensus candidate would be good for the country but added, the government should come forward to build a consensus.
in her 45 minute-long meeting with the congress president, mamatabanerjee not only assured her partys support but also indicated that she will talk to parties like aap.
party vice-president rahul gandhi joined the meeting mid-way.
banerjee became the second chief minister from the opposition camp, after bihars nitish kumar, to support mukherjees candidature for the presidential poll in july.
read more: 2017 presidential elections: why the assembly tests matter for bjpin the electoral college of 11 lakh votes, the trinamool congress with 64,000 votes is the third-largest after the bjp and the congress in the election for the countrys top post.
the trinamool congress chief didnt publicly reveal her choices even as she slammed the modi government for pursuing vendetta politics.
some political vendetta is going on.
whatever is happening today is the same thing.
sometimes they (government) do with akhilesh (yadav), sometimes with (odisha chief minister) naveen patnaik, sometimes with laluji, chidamabaram or (delhi chief minister) arvind kejriwal, mamatabanerjee quipped.
even when the issue of sharing teesta waters continues to trigger controversy, another cross-border river churni is threatening to ignite fresh row between india and bangladesh.
churni is a narrow river that flows into the nadia district from bangladesh.
it is a distributary of the mathabhanga river which, in turn, is a distributary of the padma.
read: drains, polluted rivers raise concerns over groundwater quality in noidarepresentatives of nadia zila 18th august parichalan samiti (ndaps), a social organisation in nadia district, have sent a container with samples of water from the churni river to the prime ministers office on thursday with a plea to start negotiations with the sheikh hasina government in dhaka for controlling the effluents dumped in this river by bangladesh industry which is carried into india through this river.
the churni river flows through densely populated parts of nadia district before merging in the hooghly river.
locals allege tonnes of fish die regularly due to the pollutants flowing from bangladesh.
(wikipedia)in september 2016, the eastern zonal bench of national green tribunal instructed the ministry of external affairs to negotiate with bangladesh on setting low-cost effluent treatment plant at the industrial unit concerned with expenses to be borne by the government of india.
nothing, however, has progressed.
read: how pollution killed the hindonlocals greatly depend on the churni and the mathabhanga river for various reasons  from fishing to agriculture.
but the ever-increasing rate of pollution has jeopardised everything.
finally, we decided to send samples of water from the rivers to the office of the prime minister and the chief minister, said anjan sukul of ndaps.
significantly, the noise is increasing when there is a perceptible difference between the centre and the west bengal government over sharing of teesta waters which flows from india to bangladesh.
while prime minister narendra modi is keen on signing the teesta water sharing agreement with bangladesh, chief minister mamatabanerjee has taken a stand against sharing north bengals principle rivers water with the neighbouring country.
about six lakh residents are affected by the pollution in the churni and about 5,000 fishermen have lost their livelihood, allege locals.
(ht photo)in the case of churni, an 80-year old industrial unit carew & co ltd has a sugar mill, a distillery and a pharmaceutical unit at the border town of darsana in chuadanga district of bangladesh.
while the problem of pollutants flowing down the river is an old one, the quantity of effluent released into the waters has drastically increased over the past few years, locals alleged.
they collected samples of the polluted water on april 24 and sent it to the pmo the next day.
read: citizens march to draw attention to mumbais polluted riversthe effluents are not only polluting the entire river and its ecosystem but are also killing tonnes of fish every year.
the livelihood of local fishermen is badly affected and many of them are compelled to switch to other professions, said gokul bala, a resident of shibnibas area in krishnaganj.
the extent of pollution in the river is so high that the water is unfit even for irrigation and bathing, alleged the locals who filed the petition in the ngt.
locals who filed the petition also claimed that the river flows through densely populated areas of the nadia district and affects the lives of six lakh inhabitants and about 5,000 fishermen, who have lost their livelihood.
read: pollutants in ganga destroying river purifying algae colonies: studynational green tribunal directs the ministry of external affairs to continue negotiations with government of bangladesh for setting up an effluent treatment plant with funding by government of india for the industries contributing to the pollution of river mathabhanga, which subsequently flow into river churni in west bengal, reads the september 21 order.
the green tribunal also ordered the government of west bengal to prepare a detailed project report through its municipal engineering directorate.
members of the organisation indicated to ht that they have approached the highest executive office of the land hoping the government would try to prevail on dhaka to find a quick solution to the festering problem.
however, if there is no result, they may think of launching agitations.
it is recorded in the ngt order that on july 14, 2014, the indian high commission in dhaka conveyed the problem of dumping effluents into the churni to the foreign ministry of bangladesh, but there has been no improvement in the situation.
after branching off from the mathabhanga river, churni flows for more than 56 kms before merging into the hooghly river.
therefore, the pollutants are eventually carried into the hooghly river too.
a group of west bengal intellectuals on friday stood by the agitating junior doctors at the nrs medical college and hospital here and urged chief minister mamatabanerjee to speak to the striking doctors to normalize the situation.
the intellectuals including renowned actor-filmmaker aparna sen, stage and screen actor kaushik sen, met the agitating doctors and expressed solidarity to their movement.
we know that none of you look at the patients caste or religion while treating them.
we also know that you are feeling the pain for the patients who have been left untreated due to this impasse.
we are with you in this, aparna sen said amid loud cheers from the junior doctors at the hospital premises.
also read: dont make this about prestige: harsh vardhan blames mamatabanerjee for doctors strikethe chief minister is our guardian.
i would request her to change her stance a bit on this issue and talk to the young doctors here.
they are like your children.
please come here once and talk to them to sort out the problems, she said.
protesting against the brutal attack on two junior doctors by the family members of a dead patient at the nrs medical college and hospital on monday night, doctors across the state have stopped work in most government hospitals in the state since wednesday.
banerjee on thursday afternoon visited kolkatas sskm hospital where she gave the agitating doctors a four hour ultimatum to withdraw their ongoing strike and warned of strong action if the situation was not normalised within the deadline.
(this story has been published from a wire agency feed without modifications to the text.
only the headline has been changed.
the supreme court agreed to hear on tuesday the plea of a woman bjp activist challenging her arrest by west bengal police for allegedly sharing a morphed photo of chief minister mamatabanerjee on social media.
a vacation bench, comprising justices indira mamatabanerjee and sanjiv khanna, on monday took note of the plea of advocate n k kaul, representing the activist, that the issue of her arrest be accorded urgent hearing.
the bench posted the plea for hearing on tuesday after the senior lawyer submitted that there has been a complete strike in west bengal and it has forced the woman to challenge her arrest in the apex court.
the senior lawyer said the woman activist is in judicial custody following her arrest by the police.
priyanka sharma, a bjp yuva morcha leader, allegedly shared on facebook a photo in which banerjees face has been photoshopped on to actor priyanka chopras picture from the met gala event in new york.
sharma, against whom a complaint was filed at dasnagar police station, has been sent to two weeks judicial custody.
she is seeking bail.
her arrest was followed by protests from bjp and other social media users.
exit polls have predicted an exponential leap in west bengal for the bjp, which had won only two parliament seats in the state in 2014.
this time it will win many more, the surveys predict, with one handing the party between19 to 23 of bengals 42 seats.
mamata banerjees trinamool congress, which rules bengal, is still projected to win the most lok sabha seats in the state, but no exit poll so far gives it a chance of winning the 34 seats it had won in 2014.
times now-vmr exit poll results suggest that the bjp is likely to improve its tally from 2 in 2014 to 11 in 2019.
the tmc may register the victory in 28 constituencies, and the congress in just two seats.
here is a look at numbers:the india today-axis my india exit polls have predicted 19 to 22 seats for the tmc and 19 to 23 seats for the bjp.
the abp exit polls gave the bjp 16 seats and 24 to the tmc two to congress and others.
the left gets none.
the republic c-voter survey put tmc in the lead with 29 followed by bjp at 11 and congress at two seats.
the c-voter numbers were similar to republic tv-jan ki baat exit poll.
both also gave zero seats to the left front in west bengal.
the news18-ipsos exit poll predicted 36 to 38 seats for the tmc.
it predicted 3-5 seats for bjp and 0-1 seats for bjp.
watch: live analysis of exit polls 2019also read: exit polls 2019 live updates: bjp will win all 7 seats in delhi, claims exit pollexit polls are not always accurate and the official results are still four days away.
mamata mamatabanerjee , whose party has dominated elections in the state since she first stormed to power in assembly elections in 2011, has dismissed the exit polls as the game plan is to manipulate or replace thousands of evms through this [exit poll] gossip.
bengal is a focus state where the bjp deployed its entire might to win at least 22-23 seats, triggering a virulent, no-holds-barred counter-attack from the tmc with mamatabanerjee vowing to make a clean sweep in the state.
her resolve stems from the compulsion to protect her home turf as well as emerging as a key player in delhi if the opposition parties get a shot at power.
the farmers protest in mandsaur in madhya pradesh (mp) signifies the flip side of a bumper crop.
but madhya pradesh is not the only state battling falling prices of farm products.
here is a low down in what is happening in different states.
west bengal: paddy and potatothe wholesale price of paddy and potato are badly affected.
while the government has announced the minimum price for the crops, west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee blamed demonetisation, along with bumper potato production, for the price crash.
veteran peasant leader and cpi (m) politburo member, hannan mollah said the wholesale price of paddy is hovering between rs 1,100 and rs 1,300 per quintal as against the msp of rs 1,610 per quintal.
karnataka: turin karnataka, tur dal is the worst hit.
area under tur cultivation has increased because farmers wanted to cash in on the rise in prices of pulses.
this has led to a glut in the state, said prakash kammaradi, chairman of the karnataka agricultural prices commission.
telangana, andhra pradesh: red chilliprices of red chilli have plunged across telangana and andhra pradesh.
red chilli now sells at rs 4,000 to rs 6,000 per quintal, down from rs 12,000 a quintal.
uttar pradesh: arhar dalthe bumper rabi crop in up has led to fall in prices of commodities.
arhar (yellow dal) that sold for rs 65 per kg is now rs 60 per kg.
, said alok bansal, a grain wholesaler.
haryana: sunflowerprices of pulses and vegetables have crashed and are being sold at lower than the msp.
as against msp of rs 3,950 per quintal, sunflower is being sold at about 2,800 said rakesh bains, bku spokesperson.
bihar: moong dalin bihar, against msp of rs 5,200 for moong dal, farmers were selling it for 4,000 per quintal, said secretary of the patna division of the bihar rajya khadyan vyavsayi sangh, brajesh kumar.
we celebrate the birth anniversary of netaji every year but we do not know about his disappearance.
this is a tragedy, she said at a programme in darjeeling on the occasion of the birth anniversary of netaji.
we had declassified all netaji files which were with the state government.
some files were there with the central government.
truth may come out if there was an investigation but unfortunately it did not happen, she said.
read: cia believed as far back as 1948 that subhas chandra bose was deadnetajis birthday is as important for us as independence day or republic day.
netaji was a leader of the country.
a true leader does not discriminate, works for all, she said.
banerjee made subtle criticism of the abolition of the planning commission saying, netaji had a very clear vision for the country.
he thought of the planning commission even before the independence.
the chief minister said her government had allotted rs 10 lakh for the renovation of the house where netaji had stayed in the hills.
read: pm modi pays tribute to subhash chandra bose on 120th birth anniversaryon the development of the hills, she said, bengal is not complete without the hills.
we have already allotted almost rs 300 crore to the various development boards.
we have formed three new development boards for the hills and allotted rs 10 crore for them.
we will fulfil the dream of netaji.
we will keep working for the common people, she said.
bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on tuesday launched an acerbic attack at the bharatiya janata party at an event to unveil a new statue of bengal reformer ishwar chandra vidyasagar that was vandalized during the lok sabha elections.
bengal is not a toy.
you cannot play with it.
you cannot do anything you want with bengal, the chief minister said at the event also attended by trinamool congress leaders, bengal ministers and some spiritual leaders.
but the message was aimed at the bjp and the national coalition that it leads in delhi.
the bjp had made wide inroads into bengal, scoring 18 of the states 42 lok sabha seats and has upped its campaign against her.
the win is also seen as a setback for the trinamool congress chief who was once seen to be aspiring for a role in national politics.
watch | mamatabanerjee unveils new vidyasagar bust, jabs centre amid fresh tmc-bjp clashesthe 19th century reformers statue that she unveiled replaces the one that was broken into pieces during clashes that took place around the time bjp president amit shah was holding a roadshow in kolkata.
an educationist, philanthropist, social reformer, ishwar chandra vidyasagar was a leading figure of the bengal renaissance who championed womens education and widow remarriage in an orthodox hindu society.
i won in the state after 34 years of left rule but i didnt have vandalise statues of karl marx and lenin, she said.
mamata mamatabanerjee and her government accuses the bjp of vandalizing the statue, a charge that bjp boss amit shah has denied in the past.
as the chief minister again hurled the accusation at bjp chief amit shah on tuesday, she insisted that her government had all the documents to establish its allegation and asked why the vandalism happened in the rally of a person who has now become the countrys home minister.
the chief minister also responded to the bjp accusing her of minority appeasement and blaming the trinamool cadre for vandalizing the statue and the violence that has continued in bengal after the election results have been declared.
i have done for everything from temples to mosques, but then i have to hear that i appease muslims, she said.
they said that trinamool congress vandalised the statue.
how dare they say this?
.
.
.
had the tmc workers done this, i would have slapped them, she said, accusing the bjp of spreading lies about the violence too.
ten people have died (in political violence).
.
.
eight of them are from the trinamool, she said, adding that the government will take care of their families.
state-run healthcare services continued to be severely affected in bengal for the fourth consecutive day on friday with junior doctors continuing their strike in defiance of chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjees ultimatum to join work a day earlier.
on friday morning junior doctors, however, allowed patients to be taken to the emergency section of the nrs medical college and hospital that was closed since tuesday.
but they did not treat patients at the emergency that was being manned by senior medics.
the outdoor patients department continued to be closed in almost all state-run hospitals.
the junior doctors have been on strike since tuesday in protest against the brutal assault on two colleagues in nilratan sarkar medical college and hospital on monday night by family members of an octogenarian patient who passed away.
the india medical association has declared all india protest day on friday against the incident and expressed solidarity with the striking doctors.
doctors in some parts of the country including delhis aiims and mumbais jj hospital have come out in support of their striking colleagues in bengal.
also watch | doctors protest in wb part of conspiracy by bjp, cpm: mamatabanerjee banerjeethe cm, who holds the health and family welfare portfolio, visited the state-run sskm hospital around noon on thursday in the wake of the continuing disruption in medical services and warned junior doctors of action if they did not resume work by 2pm.
following the warning by mamatabanerjee , emergency services started at sskm hospital and burdwan medical college.
but junior doctors refused to buckle down and continued to protest.
all out-patient clinics and routine services will remain suspended at new delhis all india institute of medical sciences (aiims) and the safdarjung hospital with over 3,500 resident doctors from the two hospitals striking work.
also read: deeply ashamed at mamatabanerjee banerjees inaction, says kolkata mayors doctor daughterofficials said senior doctors will run the emergency department and the icus.
the two hospitals see almost 20 thousand patients in their clinics, with 40  of them travelling from neighbouring states to seek treatment.
resident doctors from maharashtra, too, will join around 80,000 colleagues across the country in a one-day national strike on friday.
owing to the strike, government medical colleges in the states will have to put routine surgeries as well as services at academic, out-patient and in-patient departments on hold between 8am and 5pm.
a few protest processions are expected to be held in kolkata.
on thursday evening both the principal and medical super of nrs wrote to the director of medical education tendering their resignation.
while the opposition has attacked cm mamatabanerjee over the impasse, with the bjp accusing her of acting as hitler, the chief minister has called the strike a conspiracy by the cpi(m) and the bjp.
in a facebook post, the chief minister highlighted the plight of patients in hospitals due to the ongoing strike and claimed the government was cooperating with doctors.
she described the injuries sustained by the two junior doctors at nrs medical college and hospital as unfortunate.
trinamool congress chief mamatabanerjee nominated a gorkha leader for ensuing rajya saba polls, after her party won a darjeeling hills civic body for the first time in 32 years.
the west bengal cm has also re-nominated partys rajya sabha leader derek obrien for another term.
out of the six rajya sabha seats up for grabs, trinamool is sure to win five.
she lost the darjeeling, kalimpong and kurseong civic bodies to gorkha janmukti morcha (gjm) and the bjp.
she has chosen to field shanta chettri from kurseong and darjeeling for the rajya sabha polls next month, in what is being seen as a political investment for the future polls.
chettri was a former mla of gorkha national liberation front (gnlf), the group that originally stoked the fire for a separate gorkhaland under the leadership of subhas ghising.
however, she switched over to the tmc and emerged as its key face in the hills.
banerjees party became the first ruling party of the plains to win an election in the hills that had been a fiefdom of the gorkha outfits, when it won the mirik civic body last week.
while the trinamool announced its nominees, the cpi(m) and the congress are yet to decide on a pact for the sixth seat which is currently held by cpi(m) general secretary sitaram yechury.
in case a pact fails to materialise between the two, tmc may win the last seat also.
chettris nomination also comes ahead of the crucial polls for the gorkhaland territorial administration (gta), the administrative body for the hills.
people always exploit the hills.
.
.
critics however pointed out that winning gta will be an uphill task.
she earlier fielded former indian football captain bhaichung bhutia as a lok sabha candidate but failed to draw votes.
prime minister narendra modi on monday accused west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee of playing politics over the cyclone fani issue.
pm modi, who was addressing a poll rally in bengals tamluk, said he tried to contact the bengal cm twice, but she didnt respond.
speedbreaker didi has tried to play politics even on cyclone.
tried to talk to her twice but she didnt talk to me, such is her arrogance.
i kept waiting for her to call back, pm modi said.
he had conducted a survey on cyclone-hit areas in odisha earlier in the day and praised cm naveen patnaik for relief and rescue operations.
mamata mamatabanerjee later responded to the swipe.
the chief minister said she could not take the call because she was away in kharagpur.
i dont want to share dais with expiry pm as elections are on, she told an election rally, according to news agency pti.
watch: frustrated didi jailing those who chant jai sri ram: pm modi slams mamataon sunday, a controversy had erupted with the bengal administration alleging that the prime minister had bypassed the state chief minister mamatabanerjee and had called governor keshari nath tripathi asking him to prepare a report on the damage that had been inflicted by cyclone fani in the state.
attention has been drawn to reports in a section of the media, that the trinamool congress has expressed its displeasure at prime minister modi speaking only to west bengal governor keshari nath tripathi, about the post-fani situation in the state.
apparently, trinamool leaders have claimed that the prime minister had called up odisha cm naveen patnaik, but did not phone west bengal cm mamatabanerjee banerjee.
the above claim is incorrect, sources said.
sources said that two attempts had been made on saturday morning by the prime ministers staff to connect him to the west bengal cm on phone.
the first time, the staff who were attempting to place the call, were told that the west bengal cm is on tour, and that the call would be returned.
on the second occasion too, the staff attempting to place the call were told by the cms office, that the call will be returned.
alleging that the prime minister bypassed the state government, trinamool secretary general and minister partha chatterjee said on saturday, this is the biggest example of indecency.
in a federal structural a state government has its own position and rights.
the modi government never respected that.
the union ministry of home affairs (mha) has quoted a 14-year old order for the buddhadeb bhattacharjee government to ask the mamatabanerjee administration to shift five cattle markets beyond 8 km from the indo-bangladesh border since the presence of the markets near the international border is creating hurdles for the border security force (bsf) to tackle smuggling from india to bangladesh.
the administrative order was passed in 2003 by the state government in consultation with the centre to shift the cattle markets beyond eight kms over a period of five-six years.
but it remained unimplemented as by 2008-09 the buddhadeb bhattacharjee government was in turmoil following land agitation in singur and nandigram.
read: no need to follow centres order banning cattle sale, mamatabanerjee tells bengal officialssources in the state secretariat told ht that chief minister mamatabanerjee is reluctant to abide by the centers request.
she thinks relocation of these traditional markets will cause immense incovenience to the traders.
the relation between prime minister narendra modi and bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee is passing through an all-time low.
(ht photo)on june 2, the state government received a letter from the mha directing it to implement the 2003 order.
the markets in question are pakua (nadia district), dhulian and krishnapur (murshidabad) and panchpota and katihat (north 24 parganas).
if the centre insists on relocation, the chief minister will again get the opportunity of alleging that the union government is interfering in states affairs, said a bureaucrat who requested anonymity.
the subject of cattle markets is especially sensitive in bengal as this state has served as the gateway to smuggling of the animal to bangladesh and of the estimated 1.
8 million to 2 million animals smuggled, most of it goes through the border of bengal.
read: beef politics: mamatabanerjee , pinarayi vijayan up ante against cattle trade rulesthere are 20 cattle markets throughout bengal, but only five fall within eight kilometers from the indo-bangladesh border.
incidentally, the biggest cattle market is in pandua of hooghly district.
bsf personnel patrolling the bangladesh border in west bengal.
stretches of the border are still unfenced that are used by cattle smugglers for their trade.
(ht photo)on may 26, the union ministry of environment, forests & climate change came out with a notification banning cattle trade in open market throughout the nation for the purpose of slaughtering.
however, mamatabanerjee , vehemently opposed it and said that the union government deliberately came out with the notification during the ramzan month to create communal disturbance.
incidentally, that order prohibits setting up of a cattle market within 50 kms of international borders.
read: rss muslim wing to hold cow milk parties for iftar, says healthier than beeflike kerala chief minister pinarayi vaijayan, mamatabanerjee also asserted that her government will not implement the centres may 26 order.
the chief minister also said that the she would try to forge a consensus among all non- bjp and non- nda forces to get united in opposing the ban notification.
i am sure than any secular party would oppose this ban, she said.
the association of tanneries also opposed the ban, claiming that the order will spell doom for the leather industry that has huge export potentials.
on tuesday, the agricultural and processed food products export development authority came out with figures showing indias buffalo meat exports in april 2017 declined 11.
4  to 86,119 tonnes from what it was a year back.
twitter was abuzz during the 2019 lok sabha polls, with as many as 396 million tweets being sent out on the platform since january this year, recording a phenomenal jump over the previous general elections.
in the lok sabha elections of 2014, the micro-blogging platform had generated more than 56 million election-related tweets between january 1 and may 12, 2014, although the user base at that time was far lower.
twitter, however, does not provide country-wise break up of its user numbers.
on thursday alone, 3.
2 million tweets were sent out as counting of the votes progressed through the day.
interestingly, a third of these were recorded between 3 pm and 4 pm, around the same time that prime minister narendra modi tweeted his victory post.
the volume of conversation around #loksabhaelections2019 including tweets from candidates, political parties, citizens and the news media ensured that from 1 january 2019 till 23 may 2019, twitter saw more than 396 million tweets on the platform.
.
.
, a statement from twitter said.
modis tweet -- together we grow.
together we prosper.
together we will build a strong and inclusive india.
india wins yet again!
#vijayibharat -- got over a lakh retweets and 3.
18 lakh likes.
also read | pm modi tweets india wins yet again after bjps big victorymodi emerged as the most mentioned political personality throughout the course of elections, while bjp was the most mentioned political party.
@narendramodi emerged as the most mentioned figure during the entire course of #loksabhaelections2019, and @bjp4india handle along with the handles of their national democratic alliance members took 53 per cent of the mentions on twitter, the statement said.
congress twitter handle, along with handles of other members of the united progressive alliance, received 37 per cent of the mentions.
during the course of the elections, national security emerged as the most talked about poll-related topic on twitter, followed by religion, jobs, agriculture, and demonetisation.
other top mentioned leaders on twitter between january 1 to may 19 included congress president rahul gandhi, bjp chief amit shah, uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath, congress general secretary priyanka gandhi vadra and west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee , among others.
a war of words erupted between prime minister narendra modi and chief minister mamatabanerjee during campaigning in north bengal on the last sunday before the first phase of lok sabha polls in bengal on april 11at back-to-back high-voltage rallies in jalpaiguri and cooch behar districts in the afternoon, the two rivals traded charges over a range of issues.
mamata mamatabanerjee has made alliance with people who want two prime ministers, one for delhi and one for jammu and kashmir, modi said at his first election rally in cooch behar district.
bengals didi is losing political ground.
the invective being showered on me, her anger with ec expose her fear, he said.
referring to the saradha scam, nararda sting videos and rose valley chit fund scam, modi said, you all know who benefitted from these scams.
i promise to expose all of that, modi, who held the first rally of the day, said in cooch behar.
watch: on mamatas turf, pm modi says speed-breaker didi is scaredan hour later, mamatabanerjee returned the compliment at her rally at moynaguri in jalpaiguri district.
i have seen many prime ministers.
but i have never seen a man of such low taste as we see now.
roy addressed the rally before modi in the morning.
without naming banerjees nephew and political heir abhisek mamatabanerjee , the prime minister said, people of bengal had put their faith in didi.
but she shattered it.
the aunt-nephew duo has handed over bengal to extortionists.
she has blocked all development.
centre allotted huge funds for central schemes such as ayusmaan bharat but didi has blocked everything.
modi had dubbed mamatabanerjee speed breaker didi at his rallies in bengal on april 3.
he repeated it on sunday.
the trinamool congress chief, in turn, accused modi of weakening all government institutions.
you cannot get away by telling lies.
all government institutions, starting from reserve bank of india to central bureau of investigation are failing.
in 2014 people were told that the chaiwala (tea seller) had arrived.
the tea seller has disappeared and we now have the chowkidar.
people can see through these tricks, said banerjee.
in tripura, the erstwhile communist government resorted to misrule.
people were disgusted.
but while people of bengal put their faith in didi, voters in tripura selected us.
we changed tripura.
but in bengal didi adopted a shortcut and followed the same path shown by the marxists she defeated.
she has set up a dangerous model.
nobody in india thought that after the communists misrule would continue in bengal, modi said.
i went to assam a few days ago.
people told me that they dont enjoy any benefit.
they said they have to come to bengal for medical treatment.
same is the picture in tripura, alleged banerjee.
claiming that north bengal districts had a huge potential as far as tourism industry was concerned, modi said, infiltration is one of the biggest problems in this region.
we want to amend citizenship laws and introduce strict laws against human trafficking but didi is opposed to both.
we will rescue bengal from tmc terror.
your vote will make me strong.
it is necessary to expose didi.
did she ever tell you why recommendations of the 7th pay commission for government employees have not been implemented in bengal, why millions of educated youths dont have jobs or why tea garden workers dont get their benefits?
modi asked.
banerjee insisted that the citizenship bill which lapsed in february was draconian and reminded modi of broken promises.
the citizenship (amendment) bill is a draconian measure.
it will make people aliens in their homeland.
we will never allow its implementation.
and, we will never allow implementation of national register of citizens (nrc) in bengal.
i have told people in assam that if they are driven out because of nrc we will welcome them in bengal, said banerjee.
modi babu you promised two crore jobs but during your tenure unemployment is highest in 47 years.
this is the election to change the government in delhi and bengal will take the lead in that exercise.
before the last election you promised to takeover seven closed tea gardens in north bengal.
not even one has been taken over.
in alipurduar, you have fielded john barla who was involved in rioting.
did you ever visit north bengal in five years?
said banerjee.
on april 3, mamatabanerjee dubbed modi expiry pm to drive home the point that his present tenure has come to an end.
she reiterated it on sunday.
will you take care of these youths once polls are over?
west bengal is crucial in the bjps plan for the lok sabha election and the party is eyeing 22 seats of the states 42 seats.
the bjp, which currently holds two seats in bengal, is banking on trinamool congress leaders who switched sides over the past one year.
voting in west bengal will take place in all the seven phases from april 11 to may 19 and results will be declared on may 23.
six people were killed in violence related to the west bengal panchayat election that is being held on monday after weeks of uncertainty even as clashes and booth capturing were reported in several parts of the state.
a youth, taibur gayen, was killed and two others injured when crude bombs were hurled at them allegedly by ruling party supporters at amdanga in north 24 parganas district.
cpi(m) mla tanmay bhttacharya claimed gayen was their party supporter.
in kultali of south 24 parganas, a trinamool congress supporter ariful gazi was shot dead when he was going to a booth.
the allegation was against suci supporters.
sanjit pramanik, 27, succumbed to bullet injuries on his chest and abdomen in santipur of nadia district.
in beldanga of murshidabad, tapan mondal, a bjp worker was killed after he was hit by bombs.
he was going to a booth to cast his vote.
debu das and his wife uma das in budhakhali gram panchayat in namkhana of south 24 parganas district were burnt to death allegedly by trinamool supporters.
people were seen standing in long queues outside polling stations right from 6 am, many of them women.
the elections are being conducted using ballot papers.
chief minister mamatabanerjee urged people and political parties not to pay heed to canards and fake videos, and participate peacefully in the panchayat elections.
as many as 1,54,500 policemen, including bengal police, civic volunteers and cops from the sikkim, odisha, andhra pradesh and telangana have been deployed to ensure peaceful voting.
police have sealed the states border with jharkhand.
violence was reported at several places.
in bagda of north 24 parganas district, nine goons were caught by villagers stamping ballot papers in a booth and beaten up, before being handed over to police and sent to hospital.
villagers alleged that when confronted, the criminals tried to flee by hurling crude bombs.
bengal food minister jyotipriyo mullick alleged that bjp had brought hundreds of people from bangladesh to unleash violence, adding that police were outnumbered.
the incidents of violence are largely reported from south bengal.
north bengal is relatively peaceful, said bjp bengal president dilip ghosh.
in a booth in bodo khotimali of dinhata in cooch behar district, there were reports that 100  polling was completed by 8 am.
in a booth in okhabari in munsirhat of cooch behar district, the presiding officer left the polling premises by 10am as all votes were polled by 9:30 am amid violence.
but they were sent back to the booth by the police.
tv channels aired footage showing north bengal development minister rabindranath ghosh slapping a bjp polling agent in a booth in natabari of the district.
ghosh, however, said he did not assault anybody.
the youth, a bjp agent, was trying to run away with the ballot box.
i intervened but i did not assault anybody, he said.
in suktabari area of cooch behar, a woman voter was rushed to a hospital after she was injured in a clash between supporters of trinamool and an independent candidate.
in most areas, disgruntled local trinamool congress leaders, who were denied tickets for the elections, are contesting as independent candidates.
in jalpaiguri, cooch behar and north dinajpur districts, ruling party supporters are jamming booths.
we are trying to contact senior officers such as police superintendent, district magistrate, but they are not picking up phones, alleged dipan pramanik, bjp president of jalpaiguri district.
the state election commission (sec) sought a report from the district magistrate of cooch behar.
storm and rains had lashed north bengal districts of malda, north dinajpur, alipurduar and jalpaiguri on sunday.
in some areas such as islampur of north 24 parganas, power was disrupted and votes were conducted in candle lights.
in chapatala of deganga in the same district, a congress candidate sustained injuries.
in a booth in haroa, youths were seen taking control of the booth.
tv channels aired footage of clashes between two groups of people inside a booth in uttar gazipur village in south 24 parganas.
injured youths were seen writhing in pain inside the booth.
the lone policeman guarding the booth appeared helpless.
in a pond close to a booth in rampur alokmala primary school in the district, ballot papers were seen floating in the water.
police did not find voters or representatives of political parties inside the booth.
a large police contingent fired tear gas shells to disperse trouble mongers in bhangar.
a media vehicle was torched and a camera broken.
journalists were not allowed to enter the area.
violence was reported from keshpur of west midnapore district too.
in bikalchak of keshpur in west midnapore district, a teenage girl was hit by an arrow and had to be taken to hospital.
a man was seen pouring water in a ballot box in a booth of patharghata in rajarhat.
in jalpaiguri, ballot boxes containing ballot papers were set on fire.
poll officials said voting has been stopped in the booth in shikarpur.
in pashkura of east midnapore, a masked youth holding a pistol in the air was seen moving around inside a booth even as an armed policeman stayed put.
supporters of congress and ruling trinamool congress clashed in ratua of malda.
congress supporters alleged that trinamool supporters captured booths.
in sujapur of malda, a clash broke out between the supporters of congress and trinamool after the husband of a congress candidate was allegedly attacked.
he has been admitted to malda medical college and hospital.
in santipur of nadia, villagers set afire 11 motorcycles, alleging that youths came on them to stir violence.
we have not witnessed unfair practices in bengal on such a scale since 1972, said biswanath chakraborty, professor of political science of rabindra bharati university.
cpi(m) mla tanmay bhattacharya rued that the state election commissioner was aware that violence will take place, but did not insist on deployment of central forces.
instead, he told the calcutta high court that the state police will be able to maintain law and order.
.
the ruling trinamool congress used islams fasting month of ramzan as a pretext to press for a single-phase polling in the panchayat elections and it will use the opportunity to unleash violence and record as sweeping a victory as possible, bjp leaders in west bengal alleged on friday.
all the five phases of the polling in the last panchayat elections in bengal in 2013 were held during the month of ramzan.
panchayat polls in 1982 and 1988 were also held in the fasting month.
why will it be an issue this time?
abdul mannan, leader of the opposition in the state assembly, asked.
the state election commission said on thursday that the elections to the states local administrative bodies will be held on may 14.
the polling process was earlier stalled after the opposition parties in the state petitioned both the supreme court and high court alleging widespread violence and strong-arm tactics by the ruling party throughout the nomination process between april 2 and 9 and on april 23.
the new date triggered allegations from opposition parties that the single-phase voting decision was taken to oblige the ruling trinamool congress.
senior trinamool leaders, including chief minister mamatabanerjee , have said over the past few days that the polling has to be completed before ramzan begins (likely to start from may 16).
if the elections are held on days when muslims fast, they will be inconvenienced, both the chief minister and party secretary-general partha chatterjee argued.
scheduling the elections became centrally dependent on the point that it could not be held during the month of ramzan, which starts on may 16.
the chief minister dug in her heels with this demand.
what is the logic?
the bharatiya janata party (bjp)s bengal unit president dilip ghosh asked.
well raise the question during the campaign for the elections, he added.
the bjps state general secretary pratap mamatabanerjee also pointed out that there are more than 58,400 booths in the state and just about 58,000 police personnel, of whom about 46,000 carry firearms and 12,000 carry canes.
this means each booth wont be guarded even by one policeman with a firearm.
this is ridiculous, said banerjee.
the communist party of india (marxist) criticised both trinamool and the bjp for mixing religion with politics.
both the parties are busy creating binaries to use polarisation to serve their political purpose.
they are doing the same thing, from different angles.
trinamool is arranging the pyre for bengals democracy for the bjp to light it, md salim, lok sabha mp and cpi(m) politburo member, said.
the state governments stand and poll bodys decision for a single day polling drew criticism from other quarters as well.
former supreme court judge ashok kumar ganguly said the elections had nothing to do with religious festivals.
it is absolutely pointless to bring ramzan into the matter, ganguly said.
a non-government organisation had moved the supreme court in 2013 to get the elections rescheduled after the month of ramzan but it turned down the appeal.
the chief whip of trinamool congress in lok sabha, kalyan mamatabanerjee , added a fresh twist to the ongoing tussle between bjp and trinamool congress on tuesday by alleging that the prime minister sent an emissary to sudip bandyopadhyay, the leader of trinamools parliamentary party, with the proposal to meet him during the opposition storm in parliament on demonetisation, an offer that bandyopadhyay flatly refused.
banerjee also alleged that bandyopadhyays refusal to heed the message led to his arrest on january 3.
pm modi sent an emissary from the pmo -- a short gentleman -- to bandyopadhyay, requesting him to meet the prime minister.
but bandyopadhyay flatly refused the offer.
banerjee, a practising lawyer, is now in the national capital to participate in the agitation programme of trinamool congress to protest against bandyopadhyays arrest.
he (kalyan banerjee) is not speaking the truth.
was tapas paul, too, contacted by the prime minister?
bjp national secretary rahul sinha remarked sarcastically.
since bandyopadhyay was arrested for his alleged involvement in the rose valley scam, trinamool congress launched a nation-wide protest against politics of vendetta by the centre.
chief minister mamatabanerjee ordered and monitored the agitation programme.
in a number of public meetings she alleged that the arrests of the two mps were a direct fallout of her partys stiff and high-pitched opposition to the demonetisation decision.
the cbi has been turned into the conspiracy bureau of india.
they are targeting our leaders because we took the lead in protesting demonetisation, she remarked at a public meeting on tuesday in birbhum district.
since the fateful announcement of the prime minister at 8 pm on november 8, mamatabanerjee emerged as the most visible face among the opposition leaders to hit the streets against the decision.
she toured many north indian states trying to rally support in her favour and to oppose modi.
incidentally, kalyan banerjees allegations came at a time when cbi is intensely grilling bandyopadhyay and tapas paul in bhubaneswar.
there are indications that they may also try to find their links with saradha scam as well, which will only complicate matters for the trinamool leaders.
on tuesday, the bengal chief minister also twitted a list of more than 120 persons who, she said, have died due to demonetisation.
it is learnt cbi is preparing to question a few more prominent faces from the bengali film industry their connection with the rs 17,000-crore rose valley scam.
they are also seen at ruling party functions.
in a move that wont win any praise from neighbouring bihar, the cash-strapped mamatabanerjee government in bengal has set up a state-owned agency to enter the alcohol distribution business in both imfl and country liquor segments.
the state government, which established the west bengal state beverages corporation to shore up its revenues through the alcohol business, has directed district magistrates to identify godowns where bottles can be stored.
the nitish kumar-led bihar administration, in contrast, had banned the manufacture, possession, sale and consumption of alcohol across the state on april 5 last year.
bengal has around 2,000 bars and a little over 3,000 liquor retailers, besides 104 distributors.
the state-owned company will buy both country-made alcohol and indian-made foreign liquor from manufacturers and sell it to distributors.
they, in turn, will sell the liquor to shops, bars and hotels across the state, a senior official of the state excise department told ht.
this way, the state hopes to generate about rs 150 crore in its first year of operations.
bengal is in a debt trap, and chief minister mamatabanerjee is desperately looking for ways to shore up its tax revenues.
in this backdrop, alcohol has become one of the fattest milch cows for finance minister amit mitra to milk.
imfl distributors have asked the chief minister to stay out of their business, pointing out that it will adversely affect a large number of people dependent on the trade for their livelihood.
in 2014-15, 8.
3  of the states tax revenues of rs 45,413 crore  or rs 3,810 crore  came from alcohol.
in 2015-16, it rose to 9.
5   or rs 4,418 crore  of its total revenue of rs 46,496 crore.
the state excise department intends to mop up to rs 4,698 crore from the sale of liquor in 2016-17.
last year, the state government had pulled out all stops to push the sale of liquor in the state.
it reduced the number of dry days from 12 a year to just four, and allowed bars to open a window for selling bottles (as is done at liquor shops).
besides this, the government also allowed bars to entertain customers till 2 am on weekends.
the alcohol market in bengal also got a shot in the arm after bihar turned dry.
bars and liquor shops in areas bordering bihar recorded an overnight jump in sales, with residents of the neighbouring state rushing in to quench their thirst.
industry experts believe the governments decision will harm wholesalers who supply liquor to shops, bars and hotels across bengal.
around 5,000 employees directly associated with the wholesale liquor business will be affected, and the interests of another 12,000 people indirectly involved may also be compromised, said an industry expert.
west bengal, however, is not the first state to take such a step.
tamil nadu, odisha and kerala had also introduced similar measures earlier.
the bengal chief minister faces the task of paying off a staggering rs 3.
34-lakh crore debt.
if one adds up the expenditure under the four heads of loan repayment, salaries, pension and subsidies for 2016-17, the sum stands at rs 94,256 crore  almost double its projected tax revenue of rs 50,773 crore.
the notification was issued in the first week of january.
the corporation is being set up with an initial investment of rs 20 crore.
if the west bengal government doesnt want to implement pm kisan yojana, the national democratic alliances (nda) flagship scheme to tackle the agrarian crisis  it promises ~6,000 a year to farmers in three instalments  then it should consider returning all central funds, union minister for agriculture and rural development narendra singh tomar said on friday.
in an interview with hindustan times, tomar talked about working with states to address issues in the agrarian economy and was critical of west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjees refusal to implement the flagship scheme of the government.
read narendra singh tomars full interview here.
this is cheap politics.
west bengal is using all other funds.
will she return funds for pradhan mantri gram sadak yojana or mgnrega funds or aajivika funds?
he asked.
also watch: will handle drought situation if it arises: union minister tomartomar, who is from morena in madhya pradesh, also to hit out at the states congress chief minister, kamal nath.
commenting on two bharatiya janata party (bjp) mlas voting for a bill along with the congress in the state assembly even as bjp leaders were claiming that the nath government would fall in much the same way the congress-janata dal (secular) coalition in karnataka did on tuesday, he said that the two were still with the saffron party.
the two bjp legislators have not resigned from the bjp.
nor have they written to the speaker saying they are not in the bjp anymore.
(the kamal nath) government isnt functioning well.
that much i can say.
corruption has peaked, things are going out of control and there is chaos in the state.
in 2005, maoists quietly entered the hilly and forested tracts of balarampur, an impoverished block on the ayodhya hills in bengals tribal-dominated purulia district that the cpi(m) and forward block ruled with an iron hand for nearly two decades.
in remote villages, maoists taught locals how to farm and build seed banks, provided free private tuition, launched campaign against alcoholism, illegal felling of trees and high-handedness of the ruling party.
by 2010, balarampur and its neighbouring areas became the home to the maoists biggest armed unit in bengal  a platoon comprising 34 guerrillas.
as the cpi(m) and maoists bled out each other with a series of political killings in 2010-11, trinamool congress established its authority by the end of the panchayat elections in 2013.
chief minister mamatabanerjee emphasised on raising living standards of the local people.
read: amit shahs strategy: bjp treating bengal rural polls as quarter-final match before 2021 assembly electionaround this time, another set of people silently began working on social projects in the area.
this time they were swayamsevaks of the rss.
more than a dozen hari sabhas (local religious clubs) were formed, while rss-inspired organisations such as vanavasi kalyan ashrams focussed on running students hostels, shishu sikhsha kendra (pre-primary informal schools) and vanabandhu parishad increased the number of ekal vidyalayas, or tuition centres with one teacher.
swayamsevaks also started telling local villagers how indigenous agricultural techniques could help farming on small tracts of infertile land.
in the 2018 panchayat polls, trinamool was swept out of balarampur, where its face was none else than the states western region development minister shantiram mahato.
of the 20 seats in balarampur panchayat samiti (second tier of panchayat system), bjp bagged 18.
the saffron party also made a clean sweep of the seven gram panchayats (first tier) and two zilla parishad seats in balarampur.
read: trinamool congress sweeps panchayat elections at all levels in west bengalthe former maoist-dominated areas are spread over 21 panchayat samitis in purulia, jhargram, west midnapore and bankura districts.
in these areas we have won about 30  panchayat samiti seats and about 35  gram panchayat seats that are far higher than our share in the state as a whole, said bjp state president dilip ghosh.
whats more, one of the zilla parishad seats saw the chairman of the outgoing zilla parishad, srishtidhar mahato, losing by a big margin of nearly 10,000 votes to a political newcomer.
there was no scope for open political activity in balarampur.
we, the saywamsevaks, focussed on social work.
lately, we started organising the poor people against the tyranny of the ruling party leaders, who indulged in unbridled corruption.
the main slogan was freedom from goondaraj, said gopinath goswami, a swayamsevak for about three decades.
he joined bjp barely two months ago and became a giant killer by defeating the chairman of the zilla parishad.
balarampur is not an exception.
at bhimpur panchayat area and its neighbourhood in salboni, west midnapore, maoists ran several free private tuition centres and health camps and dug ponds, irrigation canals, installed tubewells and built kuchha roads during 2009-2011.
since 2013, trinamool congress was in absolute control of the area.
since 2014, swayamsevaks started work in the spheres of health, education and moral uplift.
read: stakes are high for trinamool congress and bjp in upcoming bengal rural pollsbhimpur, too, has turned saffron.
in majority of the areas that were under maoist influence during 2008-2011, spreading across the districts of purulia, jhargram, west midnapore and bankura, saffron surged ahead of trinamool.
rss and its various affiliate organisations started work in the forested areas of the districts of west midnapore, purulia, bankura and jhargram during the 1990s but had to retreat after the cpi(m) and the maoists both targeted them.
after the tables turned on the cpi(m), trinamool replaced its hegemony with its own.
however, rss being a social organisation, increased involvement in various social activities and prepared the ground.
now, the stage is set for an open rebellion against the ruling party, said sukhamay satpathy, bjps jhargram district president.
read: a decade after starvation death, bengal village lives in darkness due to unpaid power billsafter rss prepared the ground, mukul roy, who had wide contacts in jangalmahal, lent the finishing touch by persuading disgruntled ruling party workers to sweat it out for the bjp.
trinamool had no ready explanation for its poor show that came as a rude shock to the chief minister, who was proud of her achievements in the former maoist-dominated belt.
salboni mla srikanta mahato admitted peoples grievances against local leaders.
backward classes welfare minister churamoni mahato, whose home turf of gopiballabhpur went to bjp, was puzzled.
western region development minister santiram mahato, whose home turf saw the ruling party routed, blamed outsiders from jharkhand.
corruption of local leaders was one of the reasons for a section of the voters going against us.
i cautioned the party leaders against it, said banabihari roy, trinamool lalgarh block president.
well review the results.
its sad that the cpi(m) and the congress cast all their votes in favour of bjp at the cost of their own organisations, trinamool secretary general partha chatterjee said.
though five states are going to the polls with high profile political battles in uttar pradesh and punjab, the real action is taking place in west bengal, where the trinamool congress and the bjp are locked in a no-holds-barred fight on multiple fronts.
the latest spark was the arrest of trinamool mp sudip bandopadhyay by the cbi, which the ruling party says has suddenly swung into action.
what followed ranged from attacks on bjp offices to filing police complaints against its top leaders, denial of permission for bjp rallies and even a compensation row between the pmo and the state government.
in fact, chief minister mamatabanerjee had openly warned of a tit-for-tat reprisal.
the arrest of our leaders by cbi is nothing but political vendetta.
this is because we protested against the ill effects of demonetisation.
what if we arrest their leaders?
read i in veiled warning, bjp warns tmc to mend its ways or face consequencesthe tug of war between the centre and state, which was confined to the administrative corridors, has now spilled on to the streets.
this is a politics of pressure.
.
.
in my opinion, the up polls and bjps fate will decide whether this face-off will escalate or not, says political analyst shibaji pratim basu.
on january 3, soon after the arrest of bandopadhyay, the tmc chief whip in lok sabha, the bjp headquarters in kolkata was attacked and over a dozen party workers were injured.
this was followed by attacks and arson at other bjp offices in the state.
soon after the arrest of tmc lok sabha mp sudip bandyopadhyay in rose valley chit fund scam, the bjp office in kolkata was allegedly attacked by tmc workers on january 3.
(ashok nath dey/ht photo)if trinamool mps are arrested they should prove their innocence in court.
the attacks on bjp offices and firs against their leaders are unacceptable, says amal mukhopadhyay, political scientist and former principal of presidency college.
then on january 11, the tmc-ruled asansol municipality denied permission for sansad mela organised by union minister babul supriyo.
similar hurdles were put by kolkata police when they disallowed a rally of rss chief mohan bhagwat on makar sankranti.
in both cases the organisers had to approach the high court get the go-ahead.
read i hindus cannot live freely in parts of india: rss chief mohan bhagwatmeanwhile, an fir was lodged against supriyo in alipore police station on a complaint of trinamool mla mahua maitra for objectionable comments during a tv show.
the tit for tat went to a bizarre level after a minor stampeded at gangasagar mela where 6 persons died.
while the pmo was quick to announce compensation, the mamatabanerjee government denied the incident took place.
on 16 january, even bjp national general secretary kailash vijayvargiya had a police complaint lodged against him in hooghly district by a trinamool leader, who claimed he had used objectionable words against the chief minister.
two days later, trinamool congress workers also lodged police complaints against state bjp president dilip ghosh.
on the same day, babul supriyos convoy was pelted with stones by trinamool congress workers in asansol.
bjp state leadership on the other hand has knocked on the doors of governor keshari nath tripathi, demanding presidents rule in the state.
the chief minister is scared and a fear psychosis is working in her mind.
bjp has become the only opposition in bengal, our vote share is rising.
so she is using the administration to put obstacles on our path.
i assure you she will not be successful, said sayantan basu, bjp state secretary.
violence continued in bengal with three more getting killed in murshidabad district early saturday morning, pushing up the number of lives lost since the lok sabha election results to 14.
locals in halshanapara village, about 230 km to the north of kolkata, said that the morning calm was pierced by gunshots and the sounds of hundreds of bombs.
khairuddin sheikh (40) and his nephews, sohel rana (22) and rahidul sheikh (32) were killed while the deputy head of the garaimari gram panchayat, 40-year-old sabbir sheikh was admitted to hospital with a bullet injury.
.
.
senior officers are conducting raids in search of the assailants.
a few persons have been detained for questioning, said additional superintendent of police, lalbagh-murshidabad, angshuman roy.
the latest round of killings is likely to further intensify the pressure on chief minister mamatabanerjee whose government, according to agency reports has been asked saturday to file a report on the measures taken to contain political violence in the state.
centre, today, also directed the bengal government to investigate the incidents and bring the culprits to book, claimed an ians release.
agency sources added that the ministry of home affairs (mha) also issued an advisory expressing deep concern over the unabated violence in the state over the years.
a political blame game began soon after the killings this morning.
trinamool congress (tmc) leaders claimed that all the three who died and injured sabbir sheikh were party activists.
they allege, killers had support from the bjp, which is consolidating in bengal as the tmcs main political rival.
tmc claims that todays killings were linked to the march 18 murder of altab sheikh, an official in the tmc-run domkal panchayat samiti.
a few of the accused in that murder recently got bail and had returned to the village.
goons backed by congress and left front killed altab before the general election.
but now they are in the bjp camp.
today, the bjp-backed goons killed three of our men after failing to perform well in the lok sabha election, said soumik hossain, the chairman of tmc-run domkal municipality.
the bjp, however, claims that the murders this morning were a result of infighting within the tmc.
humayun kabir, the vice-president of murshidabad (south) unit of the bjp, said, bjp does not have a strong organisation in domkal.
we performed poorly in domkal in these elections.
the murders on saturday morning took place as a result of factional fights between the tmc.
a criminal investigation department probe will reveal it.
a senior tmc leader said on condition of anonymity, altab sheikhs son sohel and his uncle khairuddin, along with some goons, surrounded the house of gaush sheikh, an accused in altabs murder.
they had planned to kill gaush and his family members to avenge altabs murder.
but when the followers of gaush chased sohel and his uncle khairuddin, a battle started with 700-800 crude bombs being hurled and about 50 gunshots being fired.
khairuddin and sohel were chased and shot dead in the counter attack, he added.
police arrest four in connection with basirhat killings on june 8in another case, police arrested four persons in connection with the murder of one of the bjp supporters.
arrests come seven days after two bjp and a tmc worker were murdered in basirhat.
bjp supporters pradip mondal and sukanta mondal and tmc worker kauyum mollah were killed on june 8 in dhanipara village in basirhat of north 24 parganas district, triggering intense political fight between the tmc and the bjp.
akher ali gayen (35), jabed ali mollah (40), mainuddin mollah (30) and maijuddin mollah (28) were arrested and remanded to five days in police custody.
akher ali gayen, the husband of a tmc gram panchayat pradhan, was named in the fir registered after the crime at nazat police station.
we are looking for more accused, said a police officer.
a total of 51 persons were named in two firs registered at nazat police station.
among those accused were sheikh shahjahan, block president of tmc and firoz kamal gazi (aka babu master) another ruling party leader.
none of them has been nabbed yet.
cops have also not been able to trace a missing bjp supporter, debdas mondal, after the clash.
patna: days after i-t carried out raids in connection with alleged assets worth crores amassed by rjd chief lalu prasad and his family members, the bihar strongman came out all guns blazing against pm narendra modi accusing him of indulging in a witchhunt against regional leaders in his bid to break the opposition and prevent their unity.
he also dared the central tax agency to disclose the locations raided by it on may 16.
i, my wife and my children have all along stayed in patna.
give us the proof of where the raids were conducted.
the hype about the i-t raids is just a part of the ploy to defame me and tarnish our public image, prasad said, adding that the i-t action was a futile exercise aimed at intimidating him for his call to unite secular forces to fight the bjp-led nda in the 2019 lok sabha elections.
bjp is rattled by the growing frustration among youths and opposition unity in the country.
but i will not allow pm modi to sleep peacefully.
we will join hands to oust him from power in 2019, he said, referring to his proposed august 27 rally of opposition parties in patna to forge a new secular front.
he said bjp was playing the same trick of defaming other regional leaders like aap chief arvind kejriwal, bsp chief mayawati and tmc chief mamatabanerjee by implicating them in corruption cases.
i am not the one to run away as my foot is firmly set on the ground like angad (the mythological monkey prince whose feet could not be moved by mighty demons), he said.
there was an air of defiance in prasads interaction with the media today as he brushed off suggestions of acquiring property worth rs 1000 crore, including a mall in patna, through dubious means, as alleged by bjp.
every detail of property owned by me and my family is declared in i-t returns.
nothing is hidden.
there has been no scam.
yes, my familys company has share in the mall, he said.
he also sounded terse when asked about the reopening of trial against him in the fodder scam cases by a supreme court order, saying he was not the one to be cowed down by legal tangles and would face it boldly.
prasad recalled how he had won in a da case in sc, even as his conviction in a fodder scam case was in appeal in the high court.
veering to politics, prasad went about narendra modi bashing, accusing the pm of divisive politics and stoking fanaticism in the name of cow protection, triple talaq and ram mandir issues to hide his failures in three years after his promises of giving employment, assuring economic growth and repatriation of black money from abroad.
pm modi desh ka dushman hai aur desh ka tukra karna chahata hai (modi wants to break the nation), he said, adding how the bjps claim of the surgical strike and protecting interests of soldiers was a big sham.
its for the first time that pakistani flags have been flying high in j&k while bodies of soldiers are being mutilated.
has stone pelting and naxalism stopped after demonetisation?
he asked.
prasad claimed that defeating bjp was not an impossible task as the saffron outfit had only taken advantage of opposition disunity post disintegration of upa allies before 2014.
he also attributed the bjps landslide victory in the up polls recently to the family feud in the samajwadi party and dissension within the bsp, saying a realignment of all secular forces in bihar, up, west bengal and punjab would help vanquish the saffron brigade in the 2019 elections.
i have asked congress president sonia gandhi to lead the way, he said.
recently, prasad had called up gandhi to invite her to the rally to initiate a congress-led secular front, with mamatabanerjee and mayawati likely to share the dais.
quotethe hype about it raids is just a part of the ploy to defame me and tarnish our public image.
bjp leaders in bengal have decided to move court against the may 14 single day schedule for panchayat polls announced by state election commission (sec).
cpi(m) and party for democratic socialism have already challenged the polling schedule in calcutta high court.
on monday, we will appeal to the court against the decision of the sec to hold elections on a single day without adequate security arrangements.
the sec notified a three-phase polling earlier, but suddenly switched to a single day after the state government insisted on it, alleged bjp national secretary and former president of the bengal unit, rahul sinha.
the case moved by cpi(m) and pds will be heard by justice subrata talukdar, who earlier ordered the sec to allow filing of nomination for an additional day  on april 23.
sinha pointed out that if the supreme court upheld the decision to hold all five phases during the ramzan month in 2013, sec had no reason to avoid polling during the ramzan month this time.
incidentally, chief minister mamatabanerjee insisted that the polling should not be held during the ramzan month (likely to begin on may 16), the heights of summer and after the onset of rains.
the mamatabanerjee administration has also requested five states  assam, andhra pradesh, odisha, punjab and telangana  for armed police for the rural polls.
the government has asked for 45 companies of forces from each state.
on friday, dgp surajit kar purakayastha had promised adequate security in all polling stations in the state.
why does the mamatabanerjee administration want to avoid the central forces?
asked bjp state president dilip ghosh in a public meeting.
on saturday, election commissioner a k singh met representatives of 10 political parties to discuss the security aspects during the polls.
the commissioner has no idea about the deployment of security forces.
he was only asking us what we would do, alleged pratap mamatabanerjee , general secretary of bengal unit of bjp after his meeting with poll panel chief a k singh.
violence continues in bengalsaturday was the last day for withdrawal of nomination.
in raiganj of north dinajpur and daulatabad of murshidabad district, ruling party leaders allegedly attacked houses of opposition candidates.
in bhatar of east burdwan district, ramjan mollah, 56, was killed when a crude bomb was hurled during a clash allegedly between two factions of the ruling party.
mollah was returning from a shop and he was killed.
amiya patra, bankura district secretary of the cpi(m), alleged that a group of 5060 men came and damaged his house in taldangra of bankura district on friday night.
trinamool supporters allegedly attacked a bjp leader in chandrakona road of west midnapore district.
the trinamool congresss relations with the tata group have come full circle 11 years after the party and its leader, mamatabanerjee , forced one of indias largest business groups to shift its prestigious small car (nano) project out of singur in the state.
today, the tata group is part of the trinamools poll campaign to highlight the states success in attracting businesses.
a video released online on april 29 talks about the tata group in the trinamool-ruled state.
we welcome large companies, including the tatas, in bengal, says the partys rajya sabha floor leader and chief spokesperson, derek obrien, in the video.
also read | in mamatas rosogollas filled with pebbles for him, pm modi sees an opportunitytrinamools turnaround on tata is aimed to showcase the industry-friendly face of the mamatabanerjee government ahead of the last three phases of polling that will take place largely in urban and semi-urban areas, including singur, the site of the doomed project.
ever since she came to power in 2011, mamatabanerjee has been trying to seek fresh investments even as critics have pointed to her stubborn policies on land acquisition  a politically sensitive issue for the state  that led to tatas exit from singur.
today, we will tell you about tatas.
tata hitachi has moved their headquarters from ranchi to bengal.
we welcome the tatas.
its a large scale manufacturing company.
they make excavators.
now, we have so many tata offices here, a beaming obrien says in the video.
tata sponge is shifting their registered office from keonjhar to kolkata.
its all happening in bengal, o brien adds.
thats why she [banerjee] is all set to win 42 out of 42 seats.
sparks flew in parliament on monday during a fierce debate in the lok sabha on president ram nath kovinds address as the treasury benches slammed critics of prime minister narendra modi for building a false narrative during the lok sabha election campaign and the opposition alleged the government was driven by manipulation.
flush with its thumping electoral mandate, the bharatiya janata party (bjp) chose union minister of state for animal husbandry pratap sarangi to lead the charge.
sarangi, a first-time lawmaker from odisha, criticised opposition parties for questioning the surgical strikes and demanded they apologise to the pm while underlining his partys nationalism plank.
why is the opposition so hesitant in praising the prime minister?
the election verdict was unprecedented.
the experiment of 2014 was a success and people gave the slogan ab ki baar 300 paar (this time, beyond 300).
the son of a tea-seller has become prime minister  why dont you accept it?
at least understand now that people do not like dynasty, said the former chief of the bajrang dal in odisha.
the congress and other opposition parties didnt relent either.
congresss floor leader adhir ranjan chowdhury said the national democratic alliance (nda) government was addicted to compliments and claimed the bjp falsely accused sonia and rahul gandhi but failed to send the two top congress leaders to jail.
the debate got ugly because of certain remarks made by chowdhury about the prime minister; he later offered to apologise to the pm and the remarks were expunged by the chair.
other opposition speakers, such as the trinamool congresss saugata ray, kept up the combative tone and took potshots at the government over the controversial national register of citizens.
overall, the tone and substance of the debate at this early stage in the life of the 17th lok sabha indicated that politics would continue be severely polarised, and that parties are already looking at future elections with an eye on key social constituencies.
opening the debate to thank the president for his speech in the joint sitting of both houses last week, sarangi blasted the opposition for questioning the surgical strikes and forging an adulterated (maha milawati) alliance even as congress members protested that the minister was only busy praising the pm and not talking about the presidents speech, widely taken to be a roadmap of the governments five-year agenda.
an undeterred sarangi thanked the opposition as the heros importance could be felt only if there is a villain.
he shifted effortlessly between hindi, english, odiya and bengali and sang two shlokas in his speech.
he maintained that the tukde, tukde gang  a reference to those who bjp accuses of wanting to disintegrate india  has no place in the country, taunted the congress for raising doubts about the electronic voting machines (evms) and for failing to get enough seats to get the leader of oppositions status.
congress and trinamool congress took objection as sarangi drew a parallel between 19th century bengali spiritual leader swami vivekananda (his real name was narendranath dutta) and narendra modi.
sarangi also launched a frontal attack on the trinamool in bengali, criticising west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee for not allowing the people of bengal to avail the benefits of some of the centres welfare schemes such as ayushman bharat.
banerjee has claimed that her state has a more robust healthcare scheme.
pitting sarangi to initiate the debate was a calculated move.
the bjp was signalling the importance of first-time mps after 268 such mps got elected to this house.
the fact that sarangi is from odisha, and also spoke in bengali, was a sign that the bjp would continue to make a strong political push in the east, where it made unprecedented inroads this time in west bengal and odisha.
and his identity as a former president of bajrang dal in odisha meant that the party was using sarangis hindutva credentials to appeal to its core base.
he was followed by heena gavit, a young scheduled tribe face of the party from maharashtra.
as the bjp has made an effort to expand its base among the more marginalised sections of the society, this too was seen as a key choice to send a social message.
i think its a calibrated positioning for the bjp that has already set its eye on eastern india for the next phase of expansion.
be it assam, west bengal or odisha, the bjp has new political fields to explore, said achirangshu acharya, an economist with viswabharati university.
congresss chowdhury, a five-time mp from berhampore in west bengal, too made a strong political pitch.
he said the bjp had earlier raked up controversies like the 2g spectrum sale and coal scam but was not raising them now because the issues have lost traction among the people.
modi, chowdhury claimed, was a big salesman and the bjp succeeded in the lok sabha elections because it sold its product well while the congress could not sell its product.
among the opposition, those who spoke during the motion of thanks include trinamool congresss saugata ray, biju janata dals (bjd) pinaki mishra, dravida munnetra kazhagams tr baalu, yuvajana sramika rythu congress partys midhun reddy, and the bahujan samaj partys danish ali.
ray, opposing the motion of thanks, raised the issue of the ongoing process of updating the nrc in assam.
thousands have lost their citizenship in the process and the home minister wants to implement it next in west bengal, ray said.
he added that the bjp governments priorities were questionable and it lacked legislative clarity.
he also opposed the use of evms and demanded that paper ballots be brought back, which led to protests from the treasury benches.
trinamool mps had, earlier in the day, staged a protest in parliament against evms.in a sign that hostility between the bjp and the bjd has reduced after the elections, pinaki mishra said that it was time for the centre and different states to forget their animosity and work on constructive cooperation among them.
he added that it was time the womens reservation bill  which proposes to reserve a third of seats in parliament and legislative assemblies for women  be taken up, and if the bjp government can pass it if it wanted.
during the election, we have seen a lot of acrimony and fight between the political parties.
but the time has come to engage in a constructive role.
the debates would continue and has its importance, but the real test would be how the legislative business goes forward, said former parliamentary affairs secretary afzal amanullah.
local trade is a state subject and chief minister mamatabanerjee is free to form her own law on cow trade in bengal, bjp national secretary and uttar pradesh health minister siddharth nath singh said on saturday.
the union government never imposed a blanket ban on cow trade or cow slaughter.
it has set certain rules and want owners of slaughter houses to follow that.
the opposition parties have started a malicious campaign saying prime minister modi has intentionally imposed a ban during the month of ramzan, said singh.
one of the purposes of these rules, he said, was to stop slaughtering of ailing and aged cow and buffalo for human consumption.
read: beef fests to rejection: how states reacted to centres notice on cow slaughterbanerjee on monday trained her guns on the centre for banning the sale of cattle for slaughter across the countrys livestock markets, insisting that the decision was unconstitutional.
tanneries and slaughter houses in uttar pradesh need not worry if they are legal, siddharth nath singh reiterated on saturday.
(ht photo)we wont accept the centres decision, it is unconstitutional and we will challenge it legally, she said.
read: rss muslim wing to hold cow milk parties for iftar, says healthier than beefshe minced no words, describing the ban as a deliberate attempt to encroach on the state governments powers and was undemocratic and unethical.
this is a state subject.
mamataji you are free to form your own law.
do not try to politicise and communalise the issue, said singh on saturday, directing his statement at the chief minister.
asked about cow vigilantism and crackdown on tanneries in uttar pradesh, singh said: tanneries and slaughter houses in uttar pradesh need not worry if they are legal.
cow vigilantism has nothing to do with the bjp.
it is a political party.
vigilantism is good if properly done.
we will take strict action against those who take law in their hand.
read: cattle trade rule has nothing to do with states cow slaughter laws: jaitleyon monday, mamatabanerjee had lashed out at the centre.
we are not bound to abide by the centres new decision.
this is a subject on the concurrent list.
how can they bulldoze?
who are they to decide who will eat what and who will wear what?
she said.
she also said that she would work towards building a consensus on the issue among the opposition parties around the country.
all secular parties are against this decision, she said.
she also questioned the timing of the may 23 decision and wondered why it was announced just before the month of ramzn.
the left government in kerala has already rejected the union governments move describing it as fascist.
chief minister pinyari vijayan said last week that people in his state do not need a lesson on food habits from new delhi or nagpur.
the state government will give all facilities to people to have food of their choice.
there is no need for keralites to learn it from anybody in new delhi or nagpur (headquarters of rss), vijayan said.
the election commission will hold a meeting with west bengal observers on poll violence in the state.
the meeting will take place on wednesday at 11:30 am via video conferencing, according to news agency ani.
on tuesday, a clash broke out between tmc and bjp workers at amit shahs roadshow in kolkata.
mamata banerjee-led tmc blamed the bjps supporters for the violence in college street where a bust of iconic social reformer iswarchandra vidyasagar was vandalised in vidyasagar college set up by him in 1872.
the bharatiya janata party alleged that stones were first thrown at them by tmc supporters during its president amit shahs roadshow in the city.
trinamool parliamentary team comprising @derekobrienmp, @sukhendusekhar, manish gupta, nadimul haque seeks meeting with ec on may 15 in aftermath of attack on bengals heritage after shah roadshow in kolkata.
bjp outsider ruffians resort to arson & break vidyasagars bust, tmc said in a tweet on tuesday.
a bharatiya janata party delegation has already met the poll watchdogs officials and complained about the violence in kolkata.
the bjp also demanded that the poll body bar chief minister mamatabanerjee from campaigning for instigating her party workers for the violence.
and, amit shah will hold a press conference in new delhi on wednesday.
mamata mamatabanerjee had condemned the attack and mentioned that an inquiry will be done.
also read | murder of democracy: bjp slams mamatabanerjee over violence at amit shah roadshowit is a very unfortunate incident and an entire college was vandalised.
a bust of iswarchandra vidyasagar was broken.
i have kept broken parts of the bust where the original statue was there.
amit shah countered the incident with a tweet by asking people to vote against the trinamool.
also read | bjp, trinamool spar over violence during amit shahs kolkata roadshowwriting on the wall is clear and mamatabanerjee didi has read it well.
didi, your violence and hooliganism can no more stop the people of bengal from reclaiming the true legacy of this great land, he tweeted.
senior bjp leaders and chief minister of maharashtras devendra fadnavis and uttar pradeshs yogi adityanath also attacked the trinamool congress over the violence.
has bengal acquired a government of gangsters?
the attack on amit shahs peaceful rally by the tmc is deplorable.
is a free & fair poll possible in bengal?
all eyes are now on the election commission, finance minister arun jaitley tweeted.
the violence on tuesday comes ahead of the seventh and final phase of the lok sabha election on may 19 in which nine parliamentary constituencies in west bengal will poll.
a team of about 40 persons, who were injured and not allowed to file nomination for the rural elections in bengal is expected to meet president ram nath kovind at rashtrapati bhavan on thursday.
they will narrate how they have faced atrocities at the hands of ruling trinamool congress supporters.
there are injured people from different districts of bengal, said rahul sinha, bjp national secretary and immediate past president of the partys bengal unit.
read: clashes mar bengal rural poll nominations; opposition considers moving courtthe team has left for delhi from kolkata by train and is expected to reach the capital by wednesday night.
leaders from bjps bengal unit such as mukul roy, who is in charge of the rural polls, rahul sinha, national secretary and samik bhattacharya, former mla will accompany the team members to meet the president.
over the past few days, the war of words between bjp and trinamool congress leaders in bengal reached new heights.
during a press conference on april 23, bjp state president dilip ghosh remarked that bengal is approaching a state where they could demand presidents rule.
read: scribes covering bengal rural poll nominations attacked in kolkata, districtsthe situation in bengal is fast approaching a state where we will be forced to demand imposition of presidents rule, said ghosh.
since nomination for the rural polls began on april 2, opposition parties without exception have alleged that ruling party supporters have unleashed violence from the very first hour to prevent their candidates from submitting nomination papers.
a total of seven persons lost their lives and hundreds injured during the nomination phase that took place on april 2 to 9 and april 23.
read: tmc virtually unopposed in zilla parishad, nominations for bengal rural polls extendedbengal chief minister mamatabanerjee , however, has claimed that the nomination phase has been peaceful.
there are 58,000 booths in the state and there has been trouble only in seven.
bjp was the trouble maker in all cases except one, where cpi(m) was the mischief maker, she said on tuesday.
the rural polls in the state are crucial since it is the last pan-bengal exercise that will indicate the support base for each party before the 2019 lok sabha elections.
bjp is targeting to win at least 22 of the 44 seats in the state -- currently it has two -- while ruling trinamool congress is determined to protect its grip on the state even as mamatabanerjee is aspiring to cobble together an anti-bjp front with regional parties across the country.
read: bhangar agitators file nominations through whatsapp in face of tmc intimidationbjp leaders such as dilip ghosh, rahul sinha, mukul roy have already met bengal governor keshari nath tripathi a few times with complaints against the ruling party during the nomination process of the bengal rural elections.
trinamool leaders including chief minister mamatabanerjee have criticised them for rushing to the governor on the slightest pretext.
party secretary general partha chatterjee earlier alleged that the governor has lost credibility by acting in a partisan manner.
calcutta high court on friday allowed rss chief mohan bhagwat to address a rally in the city the day after, dealing a big blow to mamatabanerjee led west bengal government that had denied permission for the event.
this is the second instance in a week when the court allowed public meetings by the rashtriya swayamsevak sangh (rss) and the bjp after permission was denied to them by police and civic authorities.
earlier, bjp had to obtain permission from the high court for its sansad mela in asansol, the approval for which was denied by the asansol municipal corporation that is run by trinamool congress.
the fair will be inaugurated by local bjp mp babul supriyo.
justice joymalya bagchi while allowing the rss rally, however, imposed a few restrictions on the number and identity of people who can join the public meeting.
according to rss sources in the state, only those invited can attend the rally and the number should not exceed 4,000.
the meeting will be held at the iconic brigade parade ground, which is one of the largest venues for public meetings in the country.
adding a new dimension to the tussle between chief minister mamatabanerjee and the saffron camp, kolkata police had earlier denied permission for the rss rally, prompting the sangh to move the court.
police first denied permission for the rally at bhukailash grounds in kidderpore (west kolkata) and then again at the parade ground even after the rss obtained armys nod to conduct the meeting there, which is an army property.
while refusing permission for the rally at bhukailash grounds, police said the area was small and may lead to law and order problems.
for the brigade, the police turned down the plea saying the ground is too big to manage.
on january 9, rss filed a petition in calcutta high court seeking permission to hold the rally at the parade ground.
justice has prevailed.
calcutta high court ensured that hindus can live in west bengal and speak.
we welcome the verdict, jishnu basu, rss secretary (south bengal), told ht.
bhagwat is scheduled to reach kolkata on friday night.
after the rally on january 14, he will hold a series of meetings on january 15 with sangh and bjp leaders.
kolkata police had also denied permission to a rally by bjp chief amit shah on november 2, 2014.
the party had to get the green signal for the meeting from the high court.
in december 2014, bhagwat addressed a rally, organised by the viswa hindu parishad (vhp), at the parade ground, where he defended controversial ghar wapsi programme.
prime minister narendra modis contention on tuesday that the government picked the right time to carry out its demonetisation exercise has found few takers in the opposition.
the congress termed modis speech in the lok sabha as arrogant, and said he had lost a good opportunity to present his vision and explain what he and his party stand for.
this was quite an arrogant reply.
.
.
he should have used this window of opportunity to present his vision, clarity and perspective for the country, congress leader veerappa moily told reporters after the speech.
up chief minister akhilesh yadav responded to the prime ministers speech by saying that demonetisation has resulted in people leaving their jobs to stand in queue before banks and atms -- badly affecting their financial situation.
today, three months are over, but the restrictions and sufferings are not.
citizens have lost their economic freedom, she tweeted.
as if to prove her right on this count, an estimated one-fourth of the atms across the country ran dry the same day -- exposing the governments claim that the worst of the post-demonetisation cash crunch was over.
bank officials attributed this development to the withdrawal of large amounts of cash for sundry payments and purchases at the start of the month.
congress vice-president rahul gandhi found fault with modis comparison of the demonetisation exercise -- seen as a move to remove tax evaders and illicit wealth from the country -- with a surgical operation on the human body.
underlining his claim that modi and his ministers were not qualified to carry out such exercises, gandhi quipped that surgery by a quack can endanger life.
the prime ministers explanation also faced criticism from the likes of congress mp shashi tharoor and n k premachandran of the revolutionary socialist party (india).
in his speech, modi dubbed demonetisation as a movement intended to clean india -- just like its swachh bharat counterpart.
he said the cash clampdown was ordered after the festive season business had peaked with diwali, and there was a slack period when businesses usually took it easy.
changes dont happen on a whim, proper process and planning is being followed, he said, rejecting opposition charges that the government was ill-prepared for a decision that drained out 86  of the cash in the economy.
the move triggered a severe cash crunch in the initial weeks, disrupting business and trade.
after demonetisation, we did our best to help people who were facing issues.
we also had to tweak rules to stop those who were trying to game the system, those adept at theft, he said.
modi said he was ready to face any consequences arising from the decision.
aise aise logon ki musibat hui hai.
mujhe pata hai mere upar kya kya zulm ho sakta hai (because of the kind of people who were affectedi know the kind of trouble i could face), he added.
calling demonetisation a pro-poor move, the prime minister said the government was clear from the beginning that we are ready for a discussion on demonetisation but some were keener on tv bytes and not debates.
he also said his government had done more to fight corruption than any other government in the past and, to make his point, cited the formation of a special investigation team on black money on the directive of the supreme court.
modi said the government had taken a series of steps to curb the shadow economy  from applying higher taxes to jewellery and writing a stringent new law against benami property to launching a voluntary income disclosure scheme to enhance compliance.
before may 2014, the opposition benches used to shout about how much money was eaten up in the coal scam or that scam.
now the opposition shouts, how much has modi brought back.
this is a matter of great satisfaction for me, the prime minister said.
modi, who rode to power in may 2014 promising to fight corruption, was referring to his campaign pledge of bringing back illicit wealth parked abroad.
you can oppose modi, that is your job, he told the opposition.
but if something is genuinely good, you should lend your support to it.
the congress, however, was not impressed by modis defence and reiterated its demand for an apology.
demonetisation has wrecked the lives of the peoplethe least the pm could have done is apologise to the nation.
the government is yet to offer condolences to the families of the victims of demonetisation, congress spokesperson gaurav gogoi said.
the congress links the death of more than 100 people to the demonetisation exercise.
the bharatiya janata party in kolkata says it has gained about 250 members from among the students of vidyasagar college that was at the centre of controversy ahead of the seventh and final phase of elections in west bengal following the demolition of a bust of ishwar chandra vidyasagar.
the desecration of the bust of the social reformer and educator had snowballed into a big political issue in the state.
about 250 students and some college staff members have become members of our party since the launch of the membership drive.
some of them became members using narendra modi app, while others took up membership during our campaign in front of the vidyasagar college on tuesday, said pankaj singhania, vice-president of bjps youth wing bharatiya janata yuva morchas uttar kolkata district unit.
all wings of the bjp are carrying out a membership drive, with the intention of enlisting one crore members from the state.
on tuesday, a campaign was conducted in front of several colleges, including vidyasagar college in college street area, in north kolkata.
in mid may, the demolition of vidyasagars statue triggered a major controversy.
chief minister mamatabanerjee , who rushed to the spot that very night, blamed bjp supporters participating in party chief amit shahs road show for the incident.
she also promised to install a statue at the college compound.
shah, in turn, pinned the blame on trinamool congress student wing members while prime minister narendra modi promised to install a statue of the 19thcentury bengal renaissance icon on the college campus.
on june 11, mamatabanerjee unveiled the new statue of vidyasagar.
this membership drive came after akhil bharatiya vidyarthi parishad (abvp), bjps sister concern, opened its unit in the college.
the vidyasagar college unit comprising 30 members was formed barely a few days after the statue was demolished.
students who were shocked to see how the tmc student wing members orchestrated the chaos and demolished vidyasagars bust, in a conspiracy hatched to malign, joined us, said mrinmay das, abvps kolkata metropolitan unit secretary.
sanu makal, a third-year student and president of the trinamool congress chhatra parishad (tmcp)s vidyasagar college unit, rubbished the bjps claims.
some people crossing by the college at the time of the partys membership drive enrolled with the bjp.
none was a college student.
the bjp is spreading false information to confuse the students and the people.
all students of the college were shocked and ashamed of the bjps vandalism at the college, makal said.
union home minister rajnath singh appealed to west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on sunday to initiate a dialogue with all stakeholders of darjeeling, where life has been paralysed for the last 60 days due to an indefinite bandh for separate gorkhaland state.
i am concerned about the developments in darjeeling and the loss of valuable lives and sufferings of people over the past 60 days, which pains me immensely, singh said after meeting members of the gorkhaland movement coordination committee (gmcc) at his residence.
violence can never be a solution to any problem.
in a democracy, solutions are always found through restraint, mutual dialogue and within the legal ambit, he added.
singh urged the gorkha janmukti morcha (gjm) and other members of the gmcc, the umbrella organisation spearheading the separate gorkhaland movement, to call off the bandh.
a gmcc leader who attended the meeting said, the home minister urged us to call off the bandh and assured us he would also talk to the state government.
arun ghateney, a communist party of revolutionary marxists (cprm) leader who was a part of the delegation that met singh, was not happy with the outcome.
he said the gmcc leaders would return to darjeeling and decide what to do.
let us hope that the meeting has a positive outcome, he added.
ss ahluwalia, the lok sabha mp from darjeeling, also participated in the meeting, which was perceived in the hills as the centres move to end the crisis.
sources in delhi told ht before the meeting that the main objective was to defuse the crisis and restore normalcy.
life has been paralysed in darjeeling since june 15, when gjm called for an indefinite bandh after police raided its president bimal gurungs office and the residence.
eight persons have already lost their lives, allegedly to the bullets of police and security forces.
the administration has banned internet from june 19.
the central bureau of investigation (cbi) has sent the first notice in the cash-for-favours scam highlighted by the narada sting operation to trinamool congress mla iqbal ahmed, asking him to report to reach the agencys office in kolkata on june 10 to join the probe.
ahmed, who is one of the 12 trinamool leaders named in the fir in the cash-for-favours scam, is the younger brother of the partys lok sabha mp, sultan ahmed, a co-accused in the same case.
iqbal ahmed is a two-time mla from khanakul constituency of hooghly district.
read: mamatas trinamool faces heat, cbi files fir against 12 leaders featuring in narada stingcbi sources said the reason to start interrogating iqbal ahmed is that available evidence suggests that he played a key role in introducing mathew samuel, chief of naradanews.com who carried out the sting operation, to these influential politicians.
the narada investigation has triggered new life into the opposition parties some of which are facing eroding support base.
(ht photo)ahmeds name is fourth in the list of 13 individuals named in the fir filed by cbi on april 17.
the narada sting operation had landed bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee in her biggest trouble so far.
the 12 trinamool leaders seen in the video telecast nationwide are some of the most prominent and the powerful in the party  saugata roy, suvendu adhikari, sultan ahmed, aparupa poddar, kakoli ghosh dastidar, prasun mamatabanerjee (all lok sabha mps), subrata mukherjee, firhad (bobby) hakim, madan mitra (ministers), iqbal ahmed (mla), sovan chatterjee (mla and kolkata mayor).
rajya sabha mp mukul roy has also been named in the fir though he was not seen accepting cash.
read: narada case: mention of abhishek mamatabanerjee in fir sends trinamool in tizzys m h mirza, an ips officer who claimed to be taking the money on behalf of roy is the last on the list of accused.
the opposition is hoping that the alleged offenders would now be prosecuted.
the progress so far has been extremely slow.
but we hope that cbi now accelerates the pace of investigations and prosecutes the offenders, cpi(m) politburo member and lok sabha mp md salim.
now the real investigation will begin and will surely gather pace.
i am sure the culprits will be punished and sent to jail, said bjp national secretary rahul sinha.
read: mamatabanerjee publicly defends the narada accusedsections 7 (public servant taking gratification other than legal remuneration) and 13 (criminal misconduct by a public servant) of prevention of corruption act (poca) and criminal conspiracy charges under section 128 of the ipc were slapped against the accused.
the narada operation was a series of sting videos shot by naradanews.com over a period of two years.
it was aired in mid-march 2016, about a fortnight before the bengal assembly polls that year, leading mamatabanerjee to allege that the operation was a political conspiracy.
cbi sources said there seems to be some audio clues besides the video evidence that indicate ahmeds role in the matter.
if ahmed speaks, the cbi may be able to gather a lot of information to expedite the probe.
cbi officers are not ruling out the possibility that new names may surface after ahmeds interrogation.
indiaupdated: sep 06, 2019 12:15 ista minister was among hundreds of residents told to evacuate their houses in central kolkatas bowbazar, one of the oldest parts of the city, after the structures developed cracks since tuesday night because of the ongoing construction work for the underground tunnel of the east west metro project, a part of which constitutes indias first under-river train line.
among those asked to vacate their residences, as a precautionary measure, by senior kolkata metro rail corporation ltd official (kmrcl) was minister of state for parliamentary affairs tapas roy.
the evacuation notice was served following an inspection by the kmrcl team.
last week, around 400 people were shifted to hotels.
while initially houses located at durga pituri lane and shakrapara lane suffered damage, inspection below and above the ground by engineers revealed on wednesday that houses on hidaram mamatabanerjee lane, gaur dey lane and the adjacent b b ganguly street could be in danger as well.
residents of a large pocket in bowbazar, the citys gold and jewellery manufacturing hub, are living like refugees since august 31 when the tunnel boring machine of kmrcl accidentally hit an aquifer beneath the affected zone.
as water and sludge started gushing into the tunnel, gaps developed in the soil layers above it and the surface.
the houses, many of which are more than a century old, sufered severe damage.
initially we thought that a few houses were facing danger.
with newer areas coming in the sphere of the disaster, i am compelled to say that they (kmrcl) made a big mistake, said hakim, adding that the management of the disaster has gone beyond the reach of the local management.
the railway minister has to wake up.
i am not suggesting that the kmrcl officers did not try (to address the problem) but it seems to have gone beyond their reach, remarked hakim.
foreign experts flown in by kmrcl have told engineers that the entire area should be evacuated to ensure public safety.
we are trying to stop the flow of water.
we will build houses for everyone affected by this accident, kmrcl managing director manas sarkar said on thursday.
we have shifted people to hotels.
efforts are being made to shift them to an empty complex that we already have in central kolkata.
it was not meant for residential use but we are evaluating the possibilities sarkar added.
many among the displaced people are small-time jewellery makers who operated out of rented rooms in the damaged buildings.
there are also families that have been living on paltry rent for decades.
this section of the affected residents is quite big and they fear that they will be displaced forever since they do not have any property rights.
i dont know where i will go from here, said uma gupta, a tenant at sakharipara lane.
many residents of gaur dey lane refused to move on thursday and demanded written assurance from the government stating that they would be able to return to the same address.
determined to project itself as the most potent political force before the three-tier panchayat elections in bengal next year, the state bjp has started acting on the blueprint party president amit shah prepared during his three-day trip last week.
the cpi(m) and congress may not be able to contest all the seats in the panchayats but we will do it.
we will leave only the seats in the darjeeling hills for the gorkha janmukti morcha, state bjp president dilip ghosh announced on tuesday at the end of three-day meeting of the state executive committee in burdwan.
the meeting was followed by a public rally.
read: bengal on bjp radar: amit shah makes 3-day trip, takes on mamatabanerjee in her backyardgoing by the strategy the bjp plans to follow, the cpi(m) should have more reasons to worry than trinamool congress.
for, taking on the proverbial organizational strategy of the marxists, shah has specifically asked state bjp leaders and workers to rise and spread from the states 77,000 odd polling booth areas.
amit shah visit a slum in chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjees constituency bhawanipore.
the focus of his visit was to step up the connect with common people and kick off the booth chalo drive.
(samir jana/ht photo)we will strengthen our presence at the booth level.
to achieve this, party workers across bengal will undergo training in may.
the panchayat polls will be the quarter-final, the lok sabha polls in 2019 will be the semi-final and the assembly polls (in 2021) will be the final, said dilip ghosh.
to keep the ruling party under pressure, the bjp will stage agitation outside the kolkata police headquarters at lalbazar on may 25 demanding arrest of accused in narada and saradha scams.
read: didi suffering from bjp-phobia, agli bar bangla, says amit shahprime minister narendra modi has told the cbi not to spare the guilty in any investigation.
those named in the narada fir will surely land in jail, kailash vijayvargiya, national general secretary and observer for bengal, said in burdwan on tuesday.
to strengthen the organisation and fortify it, shah told party leaders at a closed-door meeting last thursday that the process of purchasing land and property for setting up karyalayas or party offices in all districts should be completed by june this year, senior state bjp leaders told ht.
if the bjp can successfully replicate the left model, it will be easier for the party to not only counter the trinamool but win over disillusioned left supporters as well, state bjp leaders feel.
interestingly, the rashtriya shyamshevak sangh (rss), too, has spread its organisation following the strategy of cadre-based parties.
even cpi(m) and trinamool leaders acknowledge the fact that the bjp owes a significant portion of its recent electoral success in bengal to the rise of the rss.
we will not depend on state or central forces to counter violence and electoral malpractice during the elections.
we will set up a 20-member committee for every booth.
these committees will interact with local people, announced ghosh on tuesday.
the cpi(m) and other left parties have also depended for decades on booth committees to stay in touch with voters.
bjp leaders think that this is the most opportune moment to corner mamatabanerjee who is under pressure as the cbi investigation in the narada sting can haul up a dozen prominent leaders of her party.
(ht photo)amit shah asked us to concentrate on each and every booth area and build up contact with individual voters.
this, he said, should not be confined to mere instructions from the top of the hierarchy.
people responsible for building up the organization in every mandal(zone) and district have to hit the streets and prepare comprehensive plans immediately, said a top bjp leader quoting shah.
read: election results: why bjps sweep in up could be ominous for mamatabanerjee banerjeesince chief minister mamatabanerjee makes it a point to highlight the achievements of the trinamool government at every government and party function, shah has asked state bjp leaders to focus on central projects and schemes, right from beti bachao beti padao to nirmal ganga.
he embarked on this tour to reach out to people at the grassroots, cutting across caste and creed.
he interacted with people at the booth-level to read their mind and assure them that the bjp has the potential to rise in bengal, said bjp national secretary rahul sinha who accompanied shah throughout the latters stay.
read: hc order on narada shot in the arm for bjp, bengal oppositionwe are happy that he took on the trinamool head on, countering mamatabanerjee banerjees claims on administrative success with hard statistics.
this snubbed our detractors who keep saying that there is a secret understanding between the bjp and trinamool.
he told people to file questions under the right to information act if they had doubts about any data furnished by mamatabanerjee , said sinha.
shah, it is learnt, entrusted dilip ghosh to monitor the new plan of action.
after going through reports on infighting in the trinamool in several districts, he also ghosh and other leaders to keep the door open for trinamool workers and district leaders who were not happy with their party.
however, this does not mean that trinamool mps and mlas facing probe in the narada or saradha scams can switch over to the bjp to escape prosecution.
let there be no confusion, said sinha.
the calcutta high court on monday ordered a six-week stay on the arrest warrant issued against babul supriyo in connection with a complaint filed against him by trinamool congress mla mahua moitra that the union minister had insulted her modesty on a television channel.
on march 10, the alipore chief judicial magistrate (cjm) issued a warrant against supriyo after the police submitted a chargesheet against and showed the singer-turned-politician as absconding.
the bharatiya janata party legislator had approached the high court after a bailable arrest warrant was issued against him by a lower court.
supriyos lawyers argued in high court the minister made the remarks during a debate on a tv channel and that requisite mens rea or the intention or knowledge of wrongdoing was patently absent while claiming the alleged imputation had been made beyond the territorial jurisdiction of the learned magistrate of alipore court.
let the matter be listed after four weeks under the heading contested application, calcutta high court justice joymalya bagchi said in his order.
there shall be a stay of proceedings of the c. g. r. case no.
62/2017 under section 509 of the indian penal code pending before the learned chief judicial magistrate, alipore for a period of six weeks or until further order whichever is earlier, justice bagchi wrote.
following the order on monday, supriyo said that he would have readily apologised had moitra personally expressed her grievances to him.
i approached the high court because it was too much of her to file a police complaint and for the police to submit a chargesheet against me for making a remark during a debate on a national tv channel.
had she expressed her grievances to me personally, i would have readily apologised, supriyo told tv channels on monday.
honble high court has passed an interim order staying the lower courts order for 6 weeks.
wil fight vendetta politics of tmc legally, he later tweeted.
moitra lodged the complaint against supriyo at alipore police station on january 4, a day after the minister reportedly asked her during the debate, mahua, are you on mahua (traditional country liquor consumed in tribal belts)?
.
the trinamool congress legislator took offence as the minister linked her name to the traditional liquor.
i asserted right from the beginning that i have full faith in the judicial system and that law will take its own course, moitra told hindustan times.
kolkata police sent three notices to supriyo, asking him to appear before them but he never turned up.
on march 10, the police filed a chargesheet against supriyo declaring him an absconder.
the alipore cjm court then issued an arrest warrant against the union minister of state for heavy industries and public enterprises.
earlier, supriyo described moitras police complaint as childish and shot back with legal notices against her as well as trinamool mps sougata roy and tapas pal for dragging his name into the rose valley chit fund scam.
the verbal battle between supriyo and moitra came following the arrest of trinamool mps sudip bandopadhyay and pal in connection with the rose valley chit fund scam.
trinamool congress leaders, including chief minister mamatabanerjee , raised questions why the cbi had not questioned or arrested supriyo for his proximity with the arrested rose valley chief.
its a mini chipko movement.
hundreds of students and youths have come forward to resist felling of thousands trees on either side of nh 112 that connects barasat and the checkpost of petrapole on india-bangladesh border, a distance of about 60 kms.
the administration is cutting down the trees in order to make way for turning the two-lane highway into a four-lane one.
most of the trees facing the axe are huge and are 70 to 100 years old, some even older.
read: uttarakhand residents hug trees to protest against smart city projectnh 112 is a part of jessore road that connects kolkata with dhaka.
the trees including shisham, siris, mahogany have created canopies covering large stretches of the road made famous by beat poet allen ginsbergs long poem september on jessore road.
long stretches of the road that connect barasat and petrapole are lined with huge trees some of which are more than 100 years old.
(facebook/ashmita chaudhuri)an order for felling about 4,000 trees to expand the highway was issued in july 2016, but the chopping actually started a couple of month ago.
read: the dark and dirty side of liberalisationover the past three-four days, students from local schools, colleges and youths associated with various cultural activities began adopting the chipko strategy to form mini human chains encircling and embracing the trees when the local administration is sending contractors to fell the trees.
for the past couple of weeks, however, they were conducting protests.
they took out rallies, held meetings and even performed condolence meetings for the trees.
agitations took place at habra, ashoknagar, bongaon and barasat.
another group of college students embracing a tree that is being readied for felling.
a woodcutter is perched on top ready to chop it down.
(facebook/ritom sarkar)chipko movement is a forest conservation movement during the 1970s that derived its name from the way the agitators hugged trees to prevent contractors from felling them.
ironically, the new history books for class viii students of west bengal board of secondary education has introduced a paragraph on chipko movement.
read: a chipko movement in californiawe are not against development, but they seem to be felling trees indiscriminately.
we are only a few hundred now but we need other volunteers so that the design can be thwarted.
when the protesters are protecting trees at one point, the administration is targeting trees at some unguarded location, said manasi sarkar, a first year student of presidency university, who lives at habra that falls on the way.
the agitators have made documentaries, performed street theatre and organised rallies, while rights organisation association for protection of democratic rights have moved kolkata high court, seeking a stay on felling of trees.
an online petition to national green tribunal got nearly 9,000 signatures over the past three weeks.
despite the strong economic reason, the destruction of the green canopy on the national highway has evoked strong reaction among most of the locals in areas such as habra, ashoknagar, bongaon and barasat, important towns of north 24 parganas that is also the most densely populated district in the country.
(facebook/onu tareq)the state government has taken a go slow policy and to avoid direct conflict with students, even though no political party has lend its support yet.
read: green heroes:jharkhands tree saviourwe dont believe in beating up agitating students but we hope they know the entire plan before continuing with the agitation.
by law, we are bound to plant five trees for each tree felled.
but since chief minister mamatabanerjee is sensitive to environment issues, we have decided to plant seven-eight trees for each tree axed, state food minister jyotipriya mallick, who also heads the trinamool congress organisation in north 24 parganas district, told ht.
mallick added that 90 acres of land have been earmarked for planting new trees and that plantation has started.
he also argued for the widening of the road that leads to the border trading point of petrapole.
this road facilitates annual trade worth rs 22,000 crore.
this will significantly increase after the expansion, as we plan to use it to connect with the states in the northeast as well.
five bridges have also been planned on busy intersections to avoid traffic jams, mallick added.
indiaupdated: sep 15, 2019 13:45 istbengal chief minister mamatabanerjee , one of prime minister narendra modis most trenchant critics, called upon people on sunday to do everything it takes to protect rights and freedoms guaranteed by the constitution as she warned of a super emergency under the current regime.
on the #internationaldayofdemocracy today, let us once again pledge to safeguard the constitutional values our country was founded on.
in this era of super emergency, we must do all it takes to protect the rights and freedoms that our constitution guarantees, mamatabanerjee tweeted.
on the #internationaldayofdemocracy today, let us once again pledge to safeguard the constitutional values our country was founded on.
in this era of 'super emergency', we must do all it takes to protect the rights and freedoms that our constitution guarantees  mamatabanerjee (@mamataofficial) september 15, 2019banerjee who also heads the trinamool congress had made the same charge of super emergency earlier also.
she has also accused the central government of muzzling dissent and subverting the autonomy of constitutional institutions.
also read: whispers of bengal for bengalis, but can it impact state polls | opinionin 2007, the united nations general assembly had resolved to observe september 15 every year as the international day of democracy to uphold and promote the principles of democracy.
the emergency was imposed by then prime minister indira gandhi on this day in 1975 which was in effect till march 21, 1977 and led to a crushing defeat of the congress in the general election that year.
banerjee had tweeted in june that people must learn our lessons from history and fight to safeguard the democratic institutions in the country.
the new equation that has emerged between janata dal (secular) and the congress in karnataka on tuesday has the potential to invigorate a larger anti-bjp alliance for 2019, according to leaders from several opposition parties.
these parties are now viewing the jd(s), which has been able to retain nearly its 2013 tally in the assembly elections and has chosen a non-bjp path in a bid to form the next government in the state, as a strong regional powerhouse that is ready to work with the opposition in the next lok sabha elections.
people familiar with the developments said that several opposition leaders had kept communication channels open with former prime minister deve gowda and his son, hd kumaraswamy, even during the run up to the karnataka polls, and reached out to him immediately after the results became clear.
for example, congress leader jairam ramesh, who went to campaign in karnataka, steered clear of taking a dig at jd(s) while targeting the bjp during rallies, and west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee wasted no time in calling the jd(s) patriarch on tuesday afternoon.
clearly, jd(s) held its ground and our performance in terms of vote share have been much better.
if we are in an alliance in karnataka, its obviously for 5 years.
and this unity will also reflect at the national level.
remember, the congress had supported deve gowda as prime minister in 1996, said ramesh.
parties such as the congress, nationalist congress party, dmk, telangana rashtriya samithi, trinamool congress (tmc), and communist party of india (marxist) are keen to see a broad-based pact ahead of the 2019 general elections in a bid to keep the bjp out of power.
and after tuesdays developments, deve gowda is widely seen as the newest entrant in this opposition grouping.
it is now clear that what was seen as bjps ability to form government has met its match.
the election in karnataka has sent a clear message that opposition parties must unite.
this is the mood of the electorates.
jd(s)s role in karnataka is an important step for opposition unity, said cpi(m) politburo member, mohammad salim.
there is a difference in the approach of some these parties even they all want to defeat the bjp.
tmc chief mamatabanerjee , for one, wants the congress to extend support to a federal front of regional parties.
but the congress has made it clear that if it emerges as the biggest party, rahul gandhi will step ahead as the prime minister.
a senior tmc leader said from kolkata that the party feels that jd(s) will remain a key partner in the federal front and the congress must accede the drivers seat to a regional party just as it has done in karnataka.
banerjee, on her part, tweeted on tuesday: congratulations to the winners of the karnataka elections.
for those who lost, fight back.
if congress had gone into an alliance with the jd(s), the result would have been different.
very different.
the goods and services tax council on saturday cleared the pending rules, including transition provisions and returns, with all the states agreeing to a july 1 rollout of the new tax regime.
we were discussing the rules and (they) have been completed.
transition rules have been cleared and everybody has agreed for july 1 rollout, kerala finance minister thomas isaac told reporters in new delhi.
the gst council had last month fitted over 1,200 goods and 500 services in the tax brackets of 5, 12, 18 and 28 .
finance minister arun jaitley chaired the 15th meeting of the gst council which is scheduled to decide on tax rate of six items including gold, textiles and footwear.
however, bengal finance minister amit mitra was in attendance at the meeting.
banerjee on friday said that her government would not support the new gst system in its present form and that her government would write to jaitley for making changes to make it suitable for all the sections of the society.
we will not support the gst in its present form.
in its present form, it doesnt suit every section, especially the unorganised sector.
they (centre) have to rectify it.
.
.
we have to continue with our fight to bring down the tax rates on certain products.
unless the rates are reduced, they will adversely impact the states economy and employment, she had said.
as for the transition rules approved by council, the industry had been demanding some relaxation of the provision of deemed credit.
the draft transition law provided that once gst is implemented, a company can claim credit of up to 40  of their central gst dues for excise duty paid on stock held by businesses prior to the rollout.
several dealers are choosing to wait and watch rather than buy and hold on to inventories.
they have lobbied with the government seeking an increase in the credit limit.
patna the rjd seems to be weighing the option of contesting the 2019 lok sabha poll on its own strength.
it will consider doing so if the rift within bihars ruling grand alliance (ga) widens and there is lack of consensus over the pm candidate of the proposed secular block to take on the bjp.
this new possibility - some would call it a gambit, arose amid speculation that the rjds ga partner, the jd(u) was keen to push its national president and bihar chief minister nitish kumar for the top postthe rjds strategy to be lead player in the three party coalition in the run up to the 2019 poll, became evident on sunday when deputy cm tejashwi prasad yadav reportedly asking his party men, whether the party had the wherewithal to contest the 2019 poll alone.
the query ran contrary to rjd chief lalu prasads recent assertion that there was no rift within the ga and alliance would remain intact till after the 2019 poll.
some rjd leaders, however, claimed tejashwi had only talked of strengthening the rjd organizational base by 2019, so that the party could regain its pole position.
tejashwi had earlier raised hackles of the ga partners, by claiming the three party coalition won the november 2015 bihar assembly poll because of lalu prasads own vote base and his impeccable secular credentials.
the jd (u) countered this, saying the ga won due to cm kumars image as pro- development man with a secular image.
nonetheless, there were clear indications that many among the rjds top brass were in no mood to allow the jd (u) to take centrestage in uniting secular forces to fight bjp in the 2019 poll, by propping up kumar as a best candidate for the pms post.
there is also the realisation that the rjd had suffered a setback due to the sp-congress alliance rout in the up assembly poll and is under pressure to stay relevant a strong regional entity vis a vis cm kumars bid to carve a pan india image as a potential pm candidate.
we will talk to all secular parties, including tmc chief mamatabanerjee , bsp chief mayawati and sp veteran mulayam singh yadav, to carve out a new secular bloc to fight the bjp in 2019 poll.
we will decide on the pm candidate together, prasad said on sunday, indicating he was ready to be the rallying force of the secular block.
prasad also slammed the bjp for appointing yogi adityanath as cm of up despite the latters hardline image.
.
a wrong precedent is being set by waiving loans of farmers .
why isnt pm narendra modi waiving the loans of farmers across the country, he asked.
the proposal for conducting parliamentary polls along with assembly polls was a big conspiracy, he alleged.
he wondered if yogis move to get the cms residence in lucknow purified happened because akhilesh and dalits had inhabited it.
on the bjps ram temple agenda, prasad said the saffron party would never construct the temple as it was just a  dudharu gai ( milch cow) for the party to raise the bogey and garner political dividends in the name of religion.
the rjd meet saw senior party leader and former minister raghuvansh prasad singh once again going all guns blazing on various issues, including cms kumars prime ministerial ambitions and governance issues.
a pm candidate should be decided by all.
some people should shed their ego and form a united secular front to combat the bjps divisive agenda, he said.
the opposition bjp was quick to react to the deputy cms go alone option.
the ga won because of rjd chief s mass base.
had nitish kumar enjoyed a mass vote base, he would not have joined hands with rjd after snapping ties with the bjp in 2013, said union minister giriraj singh.
independent thinking and free expression are now under threat in indias universities, former prime minister manmohan singh said on friday, as he took a veiled dig at the bjp-led union governments policies without naming the party.
regrettably, independent thinking and free expression in indian universities are now under threat.
political interference in university curriculum and academic appointments is highly short sighted, manmohan singh said in his 20-minute speech at the presidency universitys bicentenary celebrations.
recent attempts to interfere with free expression of the student community in hyderabad central university and jawaharlal nehru university are of particular concern.
attempts to suppress peaceful dissent are not only inimical to learning but they are also undemocratic, he said.
starting from the demand for justice for hyderabad university dalit scholar rohith vemula to the sedition case against jnu students including kanhaiya kumar, central universities grabbed headlines in 2016 for reasons not related to academics.
we are witnessing around the world a rise in new nationalist tendencies responding to populism and directing hatred against backward classes and minorities.
these tendencies could be extremely dangerous.
we must protect india from this trend.
and universities have a vital role to play, said the former prime minister.
frequently described as a reluctant prime minister, singh, who headed the government from 2004 to 2014, said that he always wanted to become a teacher but accidentally stepped into politics.
a brilliant student, he studied economics at panjab university and then at university of cambridge.
singh said that universities must give their students the freedom to pursue knowledge, even when that knowledge is at odds with established social and intellectual traditions.
we must guard this freedom very zealously.
we must make every effort to protect the autonomy of our universities and to foster the right of our students to express ideas that powerful interests may not always agree with, he added.
the prime minister was one of the main speakers at the bicentenary celebrations during the day.
in his address, manmohan singh also recalled his interaction with former chief ministers of bengal, buddahdeb bhattacharjee, jyoti basu, siddhartha shankar ray, finance ministers amit mitra and asim dasgupta.
significantly, he did not mention current chief minister mamatabanerjee , who was the railway minister in his cabinet between may 2009 and may 2011.
2017 marks the 200th year of the setting up of hindoo college that eventually blossomed into presidency college and subsequently presidency university.
on january 20, 1817, six persons of both the liberal and orthodox communities of then calcutta had got together to set up hindoo college.
the election commission (ec) came under opposition fire on saturday with the trinamool congress alleging that its decision to transfer four senior bengal police officers was highly arbitrary and the congress questioning its move to let off uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath lightly for his modiji ki sena remark.
congress chief spokesperson randeep surjewala tweeted: has the mcc now become modi code of conduct.
adityanath insults the indian army -- ec writes a love letter to him.
banerjee wrote a letter to the ec, claiming the flow of events raised strong doubts over its functioning and ability to conduct free and fair polls in the state.
the decision of the commission is highly arbitrary, motivated and biased.
we have every reason to believe that the decision of the commission is at the behest of the ruling party at the centre, i.
e.
the bjp, she said.
on friday, the commission had ordered immediate removal of kolkata top cop anuj sharma; bidhan nagar police commissioner gyanwant singh; birbhum district police superintendent shyam singh and diamond harbour police district superintendent p s selvamurugan.
earlier, the bjp had submitted to the commission a list of 51 administrative and police officers on poll duty in 26 lok sabha constituencies, accusing them of acting as trinamool congress cadres.
bengal has 42 parliamentary constituencies and votes in all seven phases.
anuj sharma and gyanwant singh were among a few police officers seen by banerjees side during the dharna she held at esplanade in kolkata on february 3 to protest an attempt by a central bureau of investigation team to enter the residence of former kolkata police commissioner rajeev kumar to question him in the saradha scam.
banerjee fumed at a rally in kalchini in north bengal.
if the bjp thinks that by transferring my officers they will make me weak, they are mistaken.
those who have replaced these officers are also my officers.
they cannot put me down so easily.
the more you try to harm me, the stronger i will become,she said.
reacting to her statement, bengal bjp chief dilip ghosh said, this is only the beginning.
more officers will be transferred because they are the ones who conduct polls for the trinamool congress.
.
.
no police officer who is tainted, corrupt and a lackey (of the ruling party) would be allowed to participate in the election process.
in delhi, the congress hit out at the ec after it was learnt to have let off adityanath with a light rap for his modiji ki sena remark, merely asking him to be more careful in his utterances in future.
the party also came down hard on the ec communication to niti aayog vice chairman rajiv kumar, saying he criticised the congresss proposed minimum income scheme nyay but the commission had only told him not to repeat it in future.
niti aayog vice chairman criticises the nyay scheme -- ec says dont do it in future, congress chief spokesperson randeep surjewala said.
why is the ec shying away from showing the mirror of truth to those in power, surjewala wondered.
late on saturday, senior samajwadi party (sp) leader azam khan, too, criticised the ec for letting off adityanath for his comments on the army during a public address in ghaziabad on sunday.
yogi said modi ki fauj hai, mukhtar abbas naqvi also said the same thing but the election commission did nothing, azam khan said in rampur.
restrict yourself to sticks or water cannons.
at the most you can fire tear gas shells, but dont open fire no matter how grave the provocation -- west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee has set out clear instructions to the police as they gear up to control the left mega agitation to march to the state secretariat on may 22.
pushed to near irrelevance by continuously dipping vote share, the peasant wings of cpi(m) and other left parties have announced the biggest agitation programme in recent times against the mamatabanerjee government.
read: is a modi-mamata secret truce helping the left chart a comeback in bengal?
incidentally, trinamool congress has always highlighted how the police under jyoti basus rule, opened fire on a similar movement on congress workers killing 13 persons on july 21, 1993, a date mamatabanerjee banerjees party observes as a martyrs day every year as their annual flagship event.
after she came in power, she constituted an inquiry commission into the police firing on that day.
mamata mamatabanerjee has always highlighted police firing on the youth congress agitation on july 21, 1993 as one of the worst cases of police atrocities during the 34-year left rule in bengal.
(ht photo)the chief minister is extremely sensitive that there should not be any such allegation against her administration.
therefore, strict instructions have gone out to the police to keep their fingers away from the trigger no matter whatever be the situation, said a senior member of the state cabinet who wanted to remain anonymous.
the agitation on july 21, 1993 was led by mamatabanerjee who was then the youth congress leader.
though the proposed nabanna ghearo on may 22 is basically a cpi(m) affair, the agitation has been given the label of protest of farmers.
so any tragedy on that day will give cpi(m) to allege that the mamatabanerjee government even opens fire on farmers.
she really cannot take any chance, the member of the state cabinet said.
read: election results: why bjps sweep in up could be ominous for mamatabanerjee banerjeeaccording to the trinamool secretary general and state education minister, partha chatterjee, the state government will not fall into any trap of cpi(m).
no other state government had done so much for the farmers as the west bengal government, he said.
according to her cabinet colleagues, firing tear gas shells is what the chief minister can allow at the most.
wielding lathis and deploying water cannons are acceptable.
(ht photo)according to the west bengal unit secretary of cpi(m)s peasant wing, all india kisan sabha (aiks), a turnout of around 3.
5 lakhs of farmers is expected at the protest march to nabanna (in howrah) on may 22.
meanwhile, sources from the police directorate said that they have already started working out the blueprint on ways to stop the procession much before the state secretariat.
enough police will be deployed at all the points that lead to state secretariat both on kolkata and howrah side.
most senior officials will be on the streets on that day, a senior official of the directorate said.
n chandrababu naidu, the telugu desam party boss who has taken on a lead role to unite opposition parties in case exit polls that predicted a comfortable majority for the nda are wide off the mark, will meet bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on late monday afternoon.
the chief minister, who is predicted to be struggling to retain power back home in andhra pradesh, has been flying between delhi and lucknow over the last few days to touch base with top opposition leaders.
naidu has already met congress president rahul gandhi twice, once with upa chairperson sonia gandhi, as well as other leaders including samajwadi partys akhilesh yadav, bsps mayawati and nationalist congress party chief sharad pawar.
a senior leader of mamatabanerjee banerjees trinamool congress said naidu was expected to land shortly before 3 pm and was scheduled to meet the bengal chief minister a little after 4 pm her kalighat residence.
both of them will hold talks on the strategies of opposition parties, the tmc leader said.
opposition leaders who have interacted with naidu over the last few days told ht that the andhra chief ministers assessment was that the bjp could, notwithstanding the boisterous nda victory projected by exit polls, end up getting less than 200 seats.
if this happens, naidu believes the gap between the nda and the opposition parties would not be wide and the opposition parties should be prepped to move in to stake claim.
also read | exit polls show majority for nda.
heres a look at numbersnaidus proposal is that opposition parties should submit a memorandum to president ram nath kovind declaring their intent to form a coalition government even before the votes are counted.
not everyone in the opposition camp is convinced yet.
the left, for one, is convinced that the opposition should not jump the gun.
we have advised other parties that we should maintain our unity in the public .
.
.
and give public statements about our commitment.
we can only meet the president after the results are actually out, a senior left leader said.
exit polls released after voting for the seven-phase marathon elections ended on sunday have predicted that the bjp-led ruling national coalition nda would get a clear majority, quite a few predicted a comfortable majority for the bjp too.
also read| anti-bjp alliance talks gather pace as d-day closes inn chandrababu naidu tweeted his rebuttal to the exit poll predictions, reminding that these surveys had time and again failed to catch the peoples pulse.
while undoubtedly tdp govt will be formed in ap, we are confident that non-bjp parties will form a non-bjp govt at the center (sic), naidu said in a late night tweet on sunday.
mamata mamatabanerjee also ran down the election exit polls, a poll of voters taken immediately after they exit the polling stations.
banerjee, who was among the first opposition leader to diss the exit poll projects, called it gossip.
i dont trust exit poll gossip.
the game plan is to manipulate or replace thousands of evms through this gossip.
i appeal to all opposition parties to be united, strong and bold.
we will fight this battle together, mamatabanerjee had tweeted.
three days after regaining control of halisahar municipality, the ruling trinamool congress (tmc) wrested back the kanchrapara civic body on saturday.
nine councillors joined the tmc in the presence of lok sabha mp abhishek mamatabanerjee , who is chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjees nephew.
both halisahar and kanchrapara civic bodies are in the home turf of bharatiya janata party (bjp)s mukul roy, who has been leading the partys efforts to woo tmc leaders.
in end-may, the tmc lost control of kanchrapara and halisahar, which makes up bijpur assembly constituency.
roys son subhranshu is the bijpur mla.
in the 24-ward kanchrapara municipality, we had five councillors even after some switched to the bjp under threat and pressure from that party.
a few days ago in the presence of (urban development minister) bobby hakim, five of them returned to our fold, making our strength 10.
today, nine councillors joined, pushing our numbers to 19, said abhishek mamatabanerjee in a press conference on saturday.
taking a jibe at roy, mamatabanerjee remarked, the bjp leader who could not retain councillors in its own backyard boasts that 107 legislators are keeping in touch with him.
on saturday, roy said as many as 107 bengal mlas were in touch with him and they were from the tmc, congress and the communist party of india (marxist), or cpi(m).
tmc may intimidate a few councillors to return to their fold.
but shortly, (tmc) legislators will start switching back.
the ruling party will be in jeopardy, said bengal unit general secretary sayantan basu.
bjp bengal unit vice-president jay prakash majumdar said, instead of taking pride in the return of their councillors, abhishek mamatabanerjee should introspect why their councillors left their party in the first place.
on july 10, eight councillors from halisahar civic body rejoined tmc, taking the partys tally to 13 in a board of 23.
in another development on saturday, tmc leaders claimed to have re-established control on south dinajpur zilla parishad (district council) when three members returned, raising the number of ruling party members in the 18-member council to 11.
three members returned today [saturday].
two more will come back to our fold soon, said arpita ghosh, the tmc district president.
on june 24, 10 members of the south dinajpur zilla parishad had switched to the bjp.
since the lok sabha election results were declared on may 23, several councillors of seven municipalities  bhatpara, halisahar, kanchrapara, naihati, garulia, bongaon and darjeeling  joined the bjp.
six tmc legislators and one from the cpi(m) also switched to that party.
the bjp won 18 of the 42 lok sabha seats in bengal in the april-may general elections, restricting the ruling tmc to 22.
while the bjp tally went up from 2 in the 2014 election, that of the tmc fell from 34 that election.
west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjees tirade against the governments currency recall reached a new crescendo as the trinamool congress leader accused prime minister narendra modi of removing crucial files related to the decision.
she also urged the reserve bank of india to stand up against the anti-people government and reveal the quantum of money released to the states after the junking of rs 1000 and rs 500.
crucial files are being removed by narendra modi and his office.
we will get to know the magnitude of the scam only after modi is ousted from office, she told a rally outside the central bank office in kolkata on wednesday.
this demonetisation is a ploy to change white money into black and black money into white.
hours later, union minister venkaiah naidu hit back, saying the trinamool leaders comments reflected the lowest that politicians can stoop to.
i am shocked and depressed over the abusive language used against prime minister narendra modi.
this only reflects their frustration over the growing popularity of prime minister and bjp, said the urban development minister.
banerjee has been at the forefront of the opposition to demonetisation and has addressed several rallies attacking the prime minister for a decision that she says has hurt the rural poor and farmers.
she also criticised the arrest of two of her parliamentarians  tapas paul and sudip bandyopadhyay  over a multi-crore chit fund scam, saying the central bureau of investigation was targeting the trinamool because of its opposition to demonetisation.
the trinamool was staging a 72-hour sit-in outside the rbi office here.
the rbi was kept in the dark about the decision.
it should stand up against the modi government and reveal the real reasons behind demonetisation.
an insurgent ambush in chhattisgarh that killed 25 paramilitary personnel has raised questions about the governments counter-insurgency measures and intelligence gathering.
but next door in west bengal, chief minister mamatabanerjee has successfully contained a festering maoist problem that threatened to destabilise large swathes of the state even a decade ago.
after she came to power in may 2011, mamatabanerjee followed a three-pronged approach.
one, she set up a crack team of police officers to deal with the rebels with the gun.
second, she kept luring the rebels with offers for returning to the mainstream.
the third plank of this strategy consisted of confidence-building measures with the people of jangalmahal - the three districts of west midnapore, purulia and bankura where cpi(maoist) had virtually set up a liberated zone between 2009 and 2011.
this paid rich dividends.
when she assumed power, bengal was bleeding due to the maoist insurgency.
the state recorded more than 500 deaths between 2009 and 2011.
but dramatically, a year into her rule, the maoist organisation was virtually wiped out in the state.
she started by raining the maoist strongholds with welfare/development projects.
the chief minister personally monitored the progress of the projects in these areas.
for boosting incomes, she stressed on agriculture and forest product-based village industries that the local population (mostly people from backward communities) were traditionally comfortable with.
the chief minister also concealed an iron fist inside the velvet glove.
she asked the security forces to conduct raids only on the basis of specific information, and to pick up important functionaries, without creating panic among locals or harassing them.
the local organisation of trinamool congress was used to collect information about the maoist network, while she also endorsed creation of vigilante groups.
several hundred local youths were also engaged as informers and special police officers (spos), who mainly helped in gathering information on the rebels and showing routes to their hideouts.
owing to these policies, maoists failed to create any movement against the new government.
after the security forces managed to kill kishanji in an operation in november 2011, mamatabanerjee increased her thrust on expediting development projects in jangalmmahal.
within the next five years, her government managed to bring almost all prominent maoist leaders to the mainstream, offering them security and a peaceful life, with an effective surrender policy.
her banerjees detractors, however, complain that she is guilty of backing out of the promise of withdrawing centre-state joint forces from jangalmahal and releasing political prisoners -- mostly maoists -- from the jail.
west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on saturday slammed the centre for scheduling a niti aayog meeting on the same day as eid ul-fitr, and warned that she will not compromise on the interests of minorities.
although the chief minister had initially declared that she would not attend the meeting of the government think-tanks governing council on account of the eid festivities, she reconsidered after it was pushed by a day from june 16 to 17.
banerjee is now expected to reach delhi on saturday evening.
however, addressing an eid congregation on red road earlier in the day, she spared no barb to target the centre on its alleged religious insensitivity.
why do they fix important meetings on eid?
i told them i cannot attend it, the chief minister said.
they abuse me for loving muslims.
i indeed love them.
but in order to love hindus, do you have to hate muslims?
the bjp often accuses the trinamool congress chief of actively trying to appease muslims in the state, who form 27.
01  of its population (according to the 2011 census).
undeterred, mamatabanerjee and her party colleagues make it a point to join in the eid festivities every year.
i told them that eid may not be on their calendar, but it certainly happens to be on mine, she told the gathering.
we celebrate eid every year.
if its not on their (the central governments) calendar, they should change it.
our muslim brothers are our own, and i will not leave the celebrations on red road and go anywhere on eid day.
the chief minister said she wouldnt go anywhere even if there was a puja at her home.
in the same way, it can never be that i do not wish our brothers on eid.
i have to go tomorrow even though i am not very willing to attend it.
i am going because it is possibly the last meeting of niti aayog.
also, a number of chief ministers requested me to come because they want to discuss the situation in their states, she said.
the meeting will be chaired by prime minister narendra modi.
the congress and janata dal (secular) legislators will meet in bengaluru on sunday to chalk out the details of the alliance, a day after bjps yeddyurappa resigned as karnataka chief minister after an emotional speech without facing the floor test in the assembly as the bjp fell short of numbers.
the post-election alliance of the jd(s) and congress, which claims the support of 117 members, has already staked its claim to form the government and said it would be headed by kumaraswamy, the son of former prime minister hd deve gowda.
the new chief minister will take oath at kanteerava stadium on may 23, tentatively between 12 noon and 1.
50pm.
the incoming chief minister, who faces a delicate balancing act in allocating portfolios in his coalition government, may keep the finance portfolio with himself.
people familiar with the matter said congress leader g parameshwara is likely to become the deputy chief minister and home minister, reports news agency ani.
after a meeting with congress leaders on saturday, kumaraswamy said they also discussed moving the confidence motion on may 24.
he said a coordination committee would be formed to prepare a common minimum programme to implement the promises made by the two coalition partners.
kumaraswamy was earlier expected to be sworn-in as chief minister on may 21.
but the day being former prime minister rajiv gandhis death anniversary, the ceremony got pushed to may 23.
we are going to take oath on wednesday as monday is rajiv gandhis death anniversary.
that is not a proper date.
in the entire country, all the congress workers will be attending death anniversary functions.
conducting oath taking ceremony at that time is not good.
in the todays meeting we discussed about this only.
on monday, we will discuss about the oath ceremony, kumaraswamy told ani.
kumaraswamy has invited various political leaders for his oath ceremony.
west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee , andhra pradesh chief minister chandrababu naidu, and telangana chief minister kc rao congratulated me.
mayawati ji has also blessed me.
i have invited all regional leaders for oath ceremony.
ive also invited sonia gandhi ji and rahul gandhi ji personally, he told reporters after meeting the karnataka governor.
he said he would meet sonia gandhi and rahul on may 21 to extend his gratitude to them.
i will also discuss how many congress and jd(s) mlas will become ministers, said kumaraswamy.
he also clarified that no discussion has taken place so far on the allocation of ministerial berths.
kumaraswamy termed reports on the power-sharing formula of 30 months each between the parties as bogus.
while making it clear that there have been no discussions yet on the portfolio allocation, kumaraswamy requested the media not to create confusion among the public and mlas with such speculative reports.
he also asserted that within 24 hours of taking oath, he would prove the majority on the floor of the house.
mostly on wednesday there will be oath-taking ceremony after that on thursday we will complete the process of speakers election and trust vote, he added.
yeddyurappa resigned on saturday without facing the floor test that was ordered by the supreme court on a petition by the congress and jd(s) challenging governor valas decision inviting yeddyurappa to form the government and prove his majority in 15 days after election results were announced on tuesday.
the congress won 78 seats and the jd(s) 37.
one seat went to jd(s) ally bsp, and the others to a local party and an independent.
voting was held on may 12 in 222 out of the states 224 seats.
after fake currency and terror elements, symptoms of a deadly fungus for wheat is the latest menace to enter india through the bengal-bangladesh border.
wheat on at least 1,000 hectare in two districts have already been affected by the wheat blast disease, that has triggered desperate measures from the mamatabanerjee government with the agriculture department burning standing crops to contain the menace from spreading to the rest of the country.
in 2016, the fungus entered asia for the first time, creating havoc in bangladesh where crops of over 20,000 hectares in six districts had to be burnt.
in bengal it has already spread to murshidabad and nadia districts bordering bangladesh forcing the government to sound a red alert.
this is a serious issue and we are tackling it on war footing to prevent it from spreading.
there are definite symptoms of wheat blast.
once infected, there is no way to cure the affected crop.
therefore, the administration is burning the crops as soon as the symptoms appear.
we have already identified the areas where the symptoms have appeared.
we are awaiting laboratory reports for confirmation, p k majumder, advisor to chief minister mamatabanerjee on agriculture, told ht.
we are spraying on the wheat crops as a preventive measure in the areas where there are no symptoms, majumder added.
a central team of agriculture scientists have already visited the two districts and is closely working with their state counterparts.
i dont think it is wheat blasts.
it has never happened in india.
one first needs to confirm it, said gyanendra p singh, director indian institute of wheat & barley research karnal .
a farmer stands helplessly in the middle of his field staring at the crop that has been set on fire by the government officers.
(subhankar chakraborty/ht photo)the fungus travelled from bangladesh.
the spores float in the area and it is difficult to contain.
cattle that stray into india from bangladesh also act as the carriers.
proper compensation is being given to the farmers whose crops are being destroyed, said majumder.
to keep a tab on the situation, officials at the state secretariat are holding video conferences with district magistrates and agriculture department officials twice daily.
every year around bengal farmers cultivate wheat on 5,000 hectares.
this year bengal was expected to have 12 lakh tonnes of wheat production.
we planned to double our wheat production in the coming years, added majumder.
sources stated that indias production and export will be largely hampered on confirmation of wheat blast entering the country.
the fungus responsible for the wheat blast disease is known as magnaporthe oryzae.
the disease was first identified in 1985 in brazil, and thereafter it spread to bolivia and paraguay.
in april 2016, it was first detected in bangladesh.
central and state government cautioned farmers in bengal and assam to watch out for the disease spreading in this part of the border.
but in february end, this year symptoms started appear first in jalangi block, murshidabad bordering bangladesh and subsequently in blocks of nadia district.
bengal government has deployed combined harvester machines to clear the fields of the standing crops in nadia district near indo-bangladesh border.
(subhankar chakraborty/ht photo)in murshidabad district, wheat blast has spread from jalangi to domkal, raninagar-i, nawda and hariharpara blocks.
so far it has affected wheat production in more than 509 hectares in the district.
buddhadeb dhar, deputy director of agriculture of nadia district said, the outbreak of the disease was first noticed at jalangi block of murshidabad.
thereafter, it spread very fast and on february 21 we noticed an outbreak in nadia.
so far wheat production in more than 500 hectares in tehatta-ii & ii, karimpur i & ii and chapra block has been affected.
district administrations has already held meeting with bsf authorities to check entry of food grains from bangladesh border.
according to international scientists, the consequences of a wider outbreak in south asia could be devastating to a region of 300 mn malnourished people, whose inhabitants consume 100 million tonnes of wheat each year.
the asian region produces 135 million tonnes of wheat every year.
india is the second largest producer of wheat in the world with 90 million tonnes (mt).
parliament strongly condemned on wednesday a statement by a bjp youth wing leader who announced a rs 11-lakh bounty to anyone who beheads west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee , with the centre saying the state government is free to take legal action against him.
yogesh varshney, a leader of the bharatiya janata yuva morcha, triggered a controversy after saying mamatabanerjee does not allow processions and fairs during ram navami and hanuman jayanti though she organises iftar party and always supports muslims.
the issue was raised in both the houses by trinamool congress members even as all major political parties and the government condemned the statement.
in the rajya sabha, deputy chairman pj kurien said the state government can register an fir and take action.
raising this issue during zero hour in the upper house, trinamool member sukhendu sekhar roy said the bjp youth activist publicly described west bengal cm as a demon and announced the bounty.
roy asked the house and the government to condemn the incident, saying a constitutionally elected cm has been described as demon.
he said the centre was trying to unleash a reign of terror in west bengal in the name of religion and other things.
minister of state for parliamentary affairs mukhtar abbas naqvi said: i strongly condemn such type of statements (read varshneys remarks).
state government is free to take appropriate legal action on this issue.
on such people action can be taken under the law.
an fir should be registered.
law should take its own course, the deputy chairman said, adding you raised this issue.
minister has condemned it.
.
.
no need of discussion on that.
bsp supremo mayawati termed it a serious matter and said bjp should not just condemn the statement but should also take action.
other opposition parties, including the congress, left and the samajwadi party, also supported the tmc on the issue and condemned the incident.
jaya bachchan of the sp said there was a need to take aggressive steps for the protection of women.
you can protect cows and women are facing atrocities, she added.
how dare somebody talk like this, especially against a woman cm particularly when women are feeling insecure.
is this the way you are going to protect women, bachchan asked.
bjp member roopa ganguly said she too was a woman and i was beaten up by 17 goons of tmc in front of policemen.
the chief minister who is also a women should answer this.
in the lok sabha too, the bjp youth leaders bounty offer was condemned by all sides, with parliamentary affairs minister ananth kumar saying such a statement by anyone was completely wrong and the government strongly condemns it.
she is an elected chief minister and due respect must be given to her.
we strongly condemn it, kumar said.
speaker sumitra mahajan said there have been many unpleasant incidents in the political discourse in recent past and everyone must work together to improve it.
this is complete wrong.
all sides must exercise restraint, she said.
raising the issue soon after the house assembled to take up the days business, tmc member saugata roy said: mamatabanerjee is not only an elected chief minister but a former member of this house too.
it is a serious and alarming behaviour and the house must condemn it.
she is a grassroots leader and government must take action on it.
congress leader mallikarjun kharge said his party fully associated with the sentiment and such an incident must not happen anywhere.
a strong message should go from the government against such behaviour and action must be taken against the guilty, kharge said.
west bengal  where mamatabanerjee returned to power with a thumping majority last year  has seen mounting clashes between state forces and right-wing elements, who say the trinamool congress is biased towards muslims and is anti-hindu.
bjps kailash vijayvargiya said he did not agree with varshneys remarks although there was anger against mamatabanerjee for her politics of appeasement.
indiaupdated: sep 20, 2019 00:02 istbharatiya janata party mp swapan dasgupta has written to prime minister narendra modi to reconsider the invitation by the west bengal government to inaugurate the deucha panchami coal block in the birbhum district, since there are no studies on the likely social and environmental consequences of the project.
on wednesday, bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee had invited pm modi to inaugurate the worlds second largest coal block that has the potential to generate nearly one lakh jobs and is expected to bring in investments to the tune of rs 12,000 crore.
dasgupta, who is a rajya sabha mp, has pointed out in his letter that the inauguration of the project still in its early stages, should await proper environmental clearance and rehabilitation package for the tribal communities that live in the area.
the process of securing environmental clearance has not even begun.
the area where the coal block is located is populated by vulnerable adivasis (tribes people) .
by the state governments admission, a comprehensive rehabilitation policy for the displaced people has not even begun, the letter says.
it goes on to say that inauguration by the pm at this juncture will lead to serious distortions and open the way for unscrupulous operators.
given these factors, l feel that your presence at a formal inauguration of the project after the durga puja festival may send all the wrong signals.
i believe that the involvement of the prime minister in such an event may indicate that all the necessary formalities have been completed and that coal mining is likely to be operational within a very short time this in turn is likely to put subvert the very process of environmental clearances and the rehabilitation package, dasgupta added.
the bjp in west bengal is planning to push the trinamool congress on the back foot by bringing in central leaders to target the ruling party over the recent deaths of its two workers.
although police have ruled out political connections to the deaths and termed trilochan mahatos as personal enmity and dulal kumars as suicide, bjp leaders have blamed the trinamool for murdering the two workers.
state leaders have urged party bosses to send a central team to purulia, where the two bodies were found hanging and where bjp has emerged successful in the recent panchayat polls.
a central bjp team should visit the district and then hold press conferences in kolkata and delhi,said a bjp bengal leader who did not wish to be named.
it would help us in achieving three objectives.
one, it would send a message to the ruling party that our national leaders are keeping a watch.
two, it would spread the word across the country that trinamool congress supporters are unleashing terrible violence in the state, and three, it would help boost the morale of our workers in the district and the state, the leader said.
the states leaders spoke to national general secretary kailash vijayvargiya and joint general secretary (organisation) shiv prakash to send such a team to purulia.
bjp bengal unit president dilip ghosh said, it was clear that professional killers were hired to murder the two workers of our party.
bjp president amit shah was one of the first to condemn the deaths.
distressed to know about yet another killing of bjp karyakarta dulal kumar in balrampur, west bengal.
this continued brutality and violence in the land of west bengal is shameful and inhuman.
mamata banerjees govt has completely failed to maintain law and order in the state, shah tweeted.
mos, heavy industries, and mp from bengals asansol, babul supriyo targeted other opposition leaders for their silence over the deaths and sought presidents rule in the state.
two persons were killed in three days.
but there is no reaction from akhilesh yadav, or sitaram yechury or rahul gandhi.
whom else to blame for the violence in bengal other than the ruling party, the chief minister and those around her?
there is only one remedy which is presidents rule in bengal.
you will soon see strong steps, supriyo said.
vijayvargiya has alleged that the local police were trying to pass off the death of dulal kumar as suicide.
it is a conspiracy by the trinamool leaders and the police.
his post mortem should be done by a team of five doctors and the proceedings should be videographed, he said in a tweet.
on a trip to kolkata, javadekar too lashed out.
political murders are taking place in bengal day in and day out, he said.
bengal bjp leaders have been asked to keep the leaders in delhi posted on every development.
some state leaders also plan to visit the families of the two victims.
on the other hand, trinamool congress secretary general partha chatterjee said the role of those who are trying to create unrest in the area by bringing in maoists and saffron elements from jharkhand should also be investigated.
in the run-up to the lok sabha elections next year, bengal has become a high-stake state for the bjp as it aims to win at least 22 of the 44 seats in the state.
purulia, where the bjp has picked up 645 gram panchayat seats against trinamools 839, has emerged as a theatre of confrontation between the two camps.
with chief minister mamatabanerjee busy in trying to form a front of regional parties to take on the bjp, trinamool congress is unwilling to cede any political space to the saffron party that has already emerged as the main challenger at the expense of the left and congress.
the rural polls are crucial as these will be rehearsals for the 2019 lok sabha elections for which bjp has selected bengal as a focus state, where it wants to secure 22 seats out of the total 44.
read: eyeing rural polls, mamatabanerjee announces rs 12,000 crore additional fundsfamilies in all districts -- except howrah and north 24 parganas that will have two bypolls on january 29 -- will get the benefit.
the rural polls will be an acid test for mukul roy who switched from trinamool congress to bjp in early november 2017.
(ht photo)houses at howrah and north 24 parganas will be distributed after the bypolls in uluberia lok sabha and noapara assembly constituency, the chief minister said at the inaugural function of mati utsav (soil festival) in burdwan district.
read: bengal rural polls: tmc leaders ready to highlight afrajul khan murder in rajasthanin bengal there are a few projects for assistance to the poor to build houses.
a project titled aamar bari (my house) was launched in 2013.
under this scheme, a person is given a house with a room, a kitchen and a toilet.
another project 'nijo griha nijo bhumi' (own house, own land), launched in october 2011, envisages handing over 5 decimal of land (about 2,180 sq ft) to eligible families, landless agricultural labourers, village artisans and fishermen in rural areas.
the state also has another housing scheme adhikar in 11 backward districts.
the beneficiaries are given rs 45,000 as a one-time aid for building a house with a room and a toilet.
officials in the districts were yet to get details of the schemes under which the houses announced by the chief minister will be distributed.
i have to wait for the government order to get the details of the distribution programme, west midnapore zilla parishad sabhadhipati uttara singh hazra told ht.
read: bengal rural polls: mamatabanerjee to fight bjps appeasement slogan with developmenton tuesday the chief minister also said that the states girl welfare scheme kanyashree has produced a significant collateral benefit -- thwarting child marriages.
since the inception of kanyashree, a total of 120 (minor) girls have come forward to prevent their marriages.
i congratulate these brave girls and have directed the police to reward them, said mamatabanerjee banerjee.
the beneficiaries get a one-time grant of rs 25,000 and annual scholarships of rs 500.
the target age group is 13 to 19 years for girls from families with income less than rs 1.
2 lakh per annum.
the one-time cash is given to the girl is she gets admitted to an undergraduate college/vocational course and is unmarried after 18.
the money is transferred to the bank account of the girl.
free treatment in state-run hospitals is unique in bengal.
we have noticed that people from neighbouring states and even some neighbouring countries utilise this facility.
but considering the financial constraints of the state government, it will no more be possible to provide free treatment to these patients, said the chief minister at the sixth convention of the west bengal university of health sciences.
a special card will be introduced for those who will be entitled for free treatment at state-run hospitals.
this card will be given only to the residents of bengal, chief minister said.
a health department official said though the pricing details of the services are yet to be worked out, it will certainly be less than that charged by private hospitals.
the health department official, who did not wish to be named, said that on an average, about 20  of the patients getting free treatment are from other states and countries.
a majority of these patients are from bihar, jharkhand, eastern up, bangladesh and nepal, he said.
banerjee also criticised the union hrd ministry for the question paper fiasco in the neet examination 2018.
examinees from bengal did not get question papers in bengali language.
in certain cases, the number of question papers was fewer than the number of examinees.
i have already written a letter to the union hrd minister registering our protest, she said.
even as hindu groups observed ram navami across bengal amid fanfare on wednesday, compelling even trinamool leaders to offer greetings to the people, top muslim clerics demanded a ban the rashtriya swayamsevak sangha (rss), expulsion of muslim intellectual tarek fatah from the country for repeatedly insulting the prophet and clampdown on a prime television channel for airing fatahs views.
members of the west bengal minority united council who claimed to have gathered under the guidance of the all india majlis-e-shoora, tipu sultan masjid, demanded that chief minister mamatabanerjee should ban the rss in bengal and persuade the bjp government to expel tarek fatah.
is it permissible in the book of law to raise swords and lathis at rss gatherings and create a sense of insecurity among other communities?
said khalid ebadullah, president of the council.
muslim organisations held a press conference in kolkata on wednesday/ (ht photo/tanmay chatterjee)the council aired its demands before the media in the presence of trinamool mp idris ali who attempted to distance himself from the sensitive topics.
i did not know what the issue was when i was invited today by the shahi imam of tipu sultan masjid.
i request the media not to twist the news.
the muslim community will organise a rally on april 21 to promote communal harmony.
the shahi imam has also invited the chief minister to the rally, said the trinamool leader even as he alleged that the rss was involved in communal activities.
read: sangh parivar organise unprecedented ram navami celebration across bengalone of the most influential muslim clerics in the state and shahi imam of tipu sultan masjid, syed muhammad nur-ur rehman barkati announced before the media that thousands of muslims would gather in the heart of kolkata on april 21 to voice their demands and promote communal harmony.
rss has become a big threat to all indians, not just muslims.
it should be banned for the same reasons the taliban was banned by the us government.
and, tarek fatah deserves no mercy for what he is doing, barkati later told ht on the sidelines of the news conference.
hindu organisations took out a processions with swords on the occasion of ram navami in kolkata on wednesday.
(samir jana/ht photo)he even alleged that carrying swords and other weapons in ram navami processions violated the law and culture of india.
tipu sultans sword is still preserved in our mosque.
do we carry it on the streets?
display of weapons scare people.
it goes against the law of the land, said barkati.
read: rama in bengal: popular in tales, not so popular as deity, point out expertsbarkati, who had announced a fatwa against controversial bangladeshi writer taslima nasreen during the left front regime, forcing the buddhadeb bhattacharya government to refuse her shelter, said he had earlier announced a similar fatwa against tarek fatah.
if the government doesnt oust him immediately, protests will be carried out across the country and the government will be responsible for the consequences, he said, quoting a few lines from the quran.
please remember that when a famous muslim painter came under fire and was forced to leave india for insulting hindu deities we did not interfere or offer support, barkati told ht without naming maqbool fida husain.
the supreme court said on tuesday that triple talaq -- the muslim practice that allows men to instantly divorce their wives -- is unconstitutional, striking it down.
the bench comprised of five judges of different faiths deliberated for three months before issuing its order.
the order comes in response to petitions from seven muslim women who had been divorced through triple talaq.
more than 20 muslim countries, including neighbouring pakistan and bangladesh, have banned the practice.
here are the highlights of the day:7:47pm: amnesty international india welcomed the supreme court verdict striking down the practice of instant triple talaq.
7:45pm: with the supreme court banning instant triple talaq, activists urged the apex court to also take steps to decriminalise homosexuality and penalise marital rape, reported news agency pti.
7:30pm: veteran actor shabana azmi welcomed the supreme courts verdict banning the practice of instant divorce among muslims.
i welcome the supreme court judgement on instant triple talaq.
its a victory 4 brave muslim women who hve waged battle against it for years  azmi shabana (@azmishabana) august 22, 20177:25pm: senior advocate mukul rohatgi, who had advanced centres stand against the practice of triple talaq as the attorney general, welcomed the supreme court ruling, saying it is a step towards achieving the ultimate goal of a uniform civil code.
dubbing it as a path-breaking judgement, rohatgi said the stand of the government was completely vindicated and the judgment has restored the dignity of the muslim women who can now march to progress like other citizens of the country.
6:40pm: shahi imam of delhis jama masjid syed ahmed bukhari said the issue of triple talaq would not have reached the supreme court had the all india muslim personal law board not failed to address the problems of women wronged by the divorce practice.
6:20pm: the triple talaq issue is not related to religion but social reform, union minister of state for minority affairs mukhtar abbas naqvi said, adding that the modi government would discuss with all political parties on framing a law on the matter.
he welcomed the decision of the supreme court that banned instant divorce.
6:07pm: the vhp said the government should enact a law against the practice of triple talaq and also bring a legislation to ban more than two children.
6:00pm: the supreme court ruling on instant triple talaq will usher in an era of equality among women, actor-politician paresh rawal said in mumbai.
the bjp mp welcomed the verdict, saying it was an affirmation of womens rights and would give them relief from discrimination.
5:56pm: congress vice-president rahul gandhi welcomed the apex court verdict.
welcome the supreme court decision setting aside instant #tripletalaq.
i congratulate the women who fought for justice  office of rg (@officeofrg) august 22, 20175:35pm: west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee refused to comment on the apex court verdict on triple talaq.
though mamatabanerjee and her party stayed away from the issue, west bengal library service minister siddiqulla chowdhury criticised the supreme court judgment.
i do not know what my partys stand is.
though i am a minister in this government i will still say that this talaq system is prevailing since ages.
the right (to give talaq) is conferred by quran.
no court has the right to nullify that, he said.
5:12pm: the supreme court judgment declaring instant triple talaq as unconstitutional has brought smiles on the faces of several muslim women of hyderabad.
the city witnessed some bizarre instances of triple talaq in the last few months, wherein men divorced their wives through telephonic calls, postcards and even through whatsapp.
4.
16pm: this is the first-ever verdict in favour of muslim women, says farhat, sister of union minister mukhtar abbas naqvi.
farhat, who was divorced by her husband for giving birth to a girl child, runs a non-political voluntary organisation for the welfare of the victims of triple talaq and domestic violence.
4.
04pm: the scs judgement is victory for all who believed personal laws must also be progressive and compliant with constitutional guarantees, ani quotes arun jaitley as saying.
3.
54pm: bsp welcomes the verdict.
it would have been good if the muslim personal law board acted in the matter, but they didnt, says bsp chief mayawati.
3.
45pm: this verdict is a step towards gender equality; it will empower women.
today we dont realise the kind of widespread effect this decision will have.
women will not tolerate inequality now, says former union minister arif m khan to ani.
3.
37pm: i welcome the supreme court judgement on instant triple talaq.
its a victory for brave muslim women who have waged battle against it for years, tweets actor shabana azmi.
2.
55pm: finance minister arun jaitley tweets in support of scs judgement.
the supreme court judgment in the #tripletalaq case (1/2)  arun jaitley (@arunjaitley) august 22, 2017undoes the injustice to muslim women who were victims of a unilateral termination of a matrimonial relationship.
(2/2)  arun jaitley (@arunjaitley) august 22, 20172.
40pm: kolkata cleric moulana ahmed barkati calls sc judgement an unparalleled and unique decision.
there are only pros, and no cons to this decision, because the muslims have made a mockery out of divorce and out of islam as well- getting drunk and announcing divorce is not the right way, he tells ani.
2.
26pm: i am very happy; it is a good judgement.
now discrimination due to triple talaq will end, says former ag soli sorabjee.
2.
03pm: victory of our constitutional values.
will repeat what pm has said earlier, dont link it to any religion, bjp leader and law minister ravi shankar prasad.
2.
02pm: we have to respect the judgement.
it is going to be a great herculean task to implement this on ground, says aimim leader asaduddin owaisi.
1.
45pm: judgment of the honble sc on triple talaq is historic.
it grants equality to muslim women and is a powerful measure for women empowerment, tweets prime minister narendra modi.
1.
30pm: we welcome the supreme courts verdict on triple talaq.
muslim women got justice through it, says uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath.
1.
20pm: i can say with satisfaction this was the last case which i did before i decided to quit, says mukul rohatgi.
1.
16pm: social activist shaista ali, who was affected by triple talaq: we are happy that supreme court supported us.
this will definitely improve the condition of muslim women who face atrocities in the name of triple talaq.
i also want that the court should also ban the provision four marriages without divorce.
1.
09pm: we hail the judgement, it protects personal laws and at the same time deprecates the practice of triple talaq, says congress leader kapil sibal.
12.
59pm: bjp president amit shah says: i welcome the historic verdict by the supreme court on the issue of triple talaq.
.
.
this is the victory of basic constitutional rights and right to equality of muslim women.
12.
53pm:     -               pic.
twitter.com/ndmczskjuw  amit shah (@amitshah) august 22, 201712.
49pm: shia personal law board has been fighting against triple talaq since 2007, welcome this verdict.
it is a great first step, says maulana yasoob abbas,shia cleric.
12.
18pm: what we hoped to happen has now happened, it is a good decision, says salman khurshid.
12.
07pm: its a good judgement and its another step towards gender justice and gender equality, says maneka gandhi,union minister.
12.
05pm: our grievances and apprehensions, whether they have been addressed by the judges or not, can be expressed after seeing judgement.
.
.
what will happen to those muslim women who even after judgement will accept talaq: z jilani, aimplb12.
04pm: welcome sc s judgement, request central government to bring in a legislation soon, says madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan.
12.
03pm: have respected scs judgements in past, todays judgement on triple talaq will also be considered by us: z jilani, member, aimplb.
12.
02pm: the all india muslim personal law board has convened a meeting on september 10 in bhopal to discuss the supreme court verdict on triple talaq and chalk out the future strategy on the issue, says maulana wali rehmani, aimplb general secretary.
11.
59am:shayara bano reacts soon after the sc verdict on #tripletalaq @httweets pic.
twitter.com/8c1fm6jum5  moushumi das gupta (@dgupta_moushumi) august 22, 201711.
55am:what a huge and a historic verdict!
relief for scores of muslim sisters spelling redundancy for the compromised 'mullahs'!
the path is clear  shazia ilmi (@shaziailmi) august 22, 201711.
39am: shayara bano, who was the first woman to challenge instant triple talaq in a court, says the sc judgment should be accepted.
i welcome the verdict and support it.
this is a historic day for muslim women, she says.
11.
37am: justice nariman said triple talaq is a part of 1934 act, should always be tested on constitutionality: s mehmood, lawyer.
11.
36am: justice kurien said triple talaq is not an essential part of islam and enjoys no protection of article 25, set it aside:saif mehmood, lawyer.
11.
32am: naseem akhtar, jaipur convener of bharatiya muslim mahila andolan, says: its a good and balanced decision.
now we hope and expect the government to make a law against triple talaq the soonest.
11.
31am: aafreen rehman, affected by triple talaq, from jaipur says: i am happy with the courts decision.
its a beginning towards the abolition of triple talaq in the country.
a law against triple talaq is what we wanted and the court has directed the government to do the same.
and the court has in a way banned it until the law is made.
the cruelty that was happening against women in the name of triple talaq, wherein they were thrown out of the house like a pair of shoes, will now end.
11.
27am: president of all india muslim women personal law board shaista amber has welcomed the supreme court judgment on triple talaq holding the islamic practice as unconstitutional.
11.
24am: cji says matters of personal law cannot be touched by a constitutional court law or constitutionality cannot be tested: saif mehmood, lawyer.
11.
04am: talaq-e-biddat (instant divorce) is manifestly arbitrary which allows a muslim man to break down marriage whimsically, majority view of the bench said to a packed courtroom.
it cannot be considered as integral part of personal law and cannot have constitutional protection.
it is against quran and violates the shariat, it said.
11.
02am: the sc strikes down instant triple talaq (talak-e-biddat) by 3-2 verdict, saying it violates article 14 of the constitution.
majority view of the bench is that the practice is arbitrary and against the tenets of islam.
minority view by cji js khehar and abdul nazeer wants triple talaq put on hold for six months and for the government to bring a new law by then.
10.
53am: cji js khehar says talaq-e-biddat is an integral part of sunni community practised for 1,000 years.
10.
51am: minority view of asked the government to bring a legislation within six months.
cji khehar says all parties must decide keeping politics aside.
10.
48am: cji js khehar says talaq-e-biddat is not in violation of articles 14,15, 21 and 25 of the constitution.
10.
46am: triple talaq will not be in operation for six months, says minority view of sc bench.
10.
34am: judges assemble to pronounce verdict10.
29am: it is a big day, let us see what the judgement says: former attorney general mukul rohatgi.
west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee urged president pranab mukherjee on monday to save the people of the country from the hardship caused by demonetisation and the resultant cash crisis, while claiming that the cbi was being used to victimise her party.
i urge the president, who is the constitutional head of the country, that if some government through its arbitrary decisions takes the country to the brink of disaster, as the protector of the constitution give protection to the people and save the people, the trinamool congress chief said.
famine has started.
indications of the beginning of the famine are coming.
so save the people.
if people dont survive then nothing will happen, she said while inaugurating the mati utsav (soil festival) here.
trinamool congress will do that.
we will take care of all the hardship that may befall us owing to our protests, she said.
earlier in a series of tweets, she demanded lifting of the restrictions imposed from time to time by the centre.
restrictions should be removed.
hardships being faced by millions due to #demonetisation, she said.
trinamool congress is organising nationwide protest against modi babus shameless flop-show #notebandi, she wrote in another tweet.
banerjee claimed that her party and its leaders were being victimised for protesting against the demonetisation of high value notes and its fallout.
they (bjp-led centre) have turned the cbi into a conspiracy bureau of india, she said referring to the agencys arrest of tmc mps sudip bandopadhyay and tapas pal in connection with the rose valley chit fund scam.
we dont care about that.
if he can, modi babu may put all of us in jail, but we will not stop talking for the people, she added.
but when people react then where will modibabu go?
she said.
she said some small leaders are now talking big.
these people will flee to america, london or switzerland, but they will remain here.
the west bengal government is working on a new law that will prescribe strong penal measures against people arrested for vandalism and arson amid incidents of increasing attacks on policemen in the state, senior officials have said.
records indicate that in the recent years one or more policemen were attacked or heckled almost every month by leaders and supporters of political parties and even common citizens, who simply refused to follow the law.
the trinamool government wants to bring the new legislation in force apprehending that these incidents may affect the morale of the police force and lead to severe consequences, officials said.
read | tension in kolkata as bengal govt deals with minor communal clashesit is evident from these incidents that law enforcers in bengal are dangerously exposed to sporadic bouts of lawlessness.
sub-inspector tapas chowdhury was shot dead by a trinamool supporter during a college election in february 2013, alipore police station was attacked by local slum-dwellers forcing policemen to hide under tables in november 2014 and a mob set kaliachak police station in malda on fire in january 2016.
read | the bhangar land row shows that mamatas land acquisition model has failedthe proposed law is going be a new avatar of the prevention of damage of public property act that was brought into force across india in 1984.
it prescribed an imprisonment of up to 10 years and a fine for a serious offence in addition to no bail on personal bond.
there are also sections in the indian penal code relating to assault on public servants.
every act of vandalism, including an attack on policemen and police stations, will be covered under the new law, director general of state police surajit kar purakayastha said.
state officials now said that they are seeking legal opinion on more stringent provisions such as longer jail term and, more significantly, no bail for certain crimes.
read | villagers protest under-construction university in birbhum, demand industry insteadalthough the proposed state law will aim at safeguarding public property, officials said it is being prepared principally in view of the increasing attacks on policemen and police property, a rather alarming trend for a state that has no terror-inflicted zone and is governed by a party that enjoys an absolute majority.
critics, however, said that attacks on the police point at bad governance and new laws alone cannot change the situation.
retired kolkata police commissioner tushar talukdar said he does not blame political parties for the attacks on the police.
their characters will always be the same.
ips officers who began their career by taking oath in the name of the constitution are failing to lead their men and set examples.
they are more concerned about their career, talukdar told ht.
going by the recent incidents, all i can say is that a police force cannot be at the mercy of hooligans.
and, if policemen stoop before politicians, people will not take them seriously, he added.
retired deputy commissioner samir ganguly, who headed the investigation into the bowbazar bomb blast case in 1993, blamed political parties for the situation.
it started during the left regime.
if people see a trinamool leader showing utter disregard for the uniform, they will automatically feel provoked to go one step ahead, ganguly said.
the results are evident, he added.
noted lawyer and congress leader arunava ghosh said the government may misuse the law.
i have a strong feeling that in the name of restoring order the government will introduce laws that will violate human rights and empower the police to keep anyone in custody without trial, ghosh said.
the centre wednesday informed rajya sabha that it has not yet given its nod to change the name of west bengal to bangla as proposed by the state government following which chief minister mamatabanerjee dashed off a letter to prime minister narendra modi for expediting the matter.
union minister of state for home nityanand rai in a written response to a question from mp ritabrata mamatabanerjee said the centre has not cleared the name bangla for west bengal.
changing a states name requires constitutional amendment and it is done after taking into consideration all relevant factors, he said.
on july 26 last year, the west bengal assembly had passed a resolution unanimously to change the name of the state to bangla in the three most-spoken languages -- bengali, hindi and english -- and had sent the proposal to the home ministry.
it suggested paschimbanga in 2011, but it was turned down by the central government.
in 2016, it proposed bengal in english, bangla in bengali and bangal in hindi, which was also turned down.
finally, it proposed the name bangla.
when the earlier proposals were received, there was objection from the central government that suggested the name bangla had similarity to bangladesh and it would be difficult to differentiate the two at international forums, a senior official privy to the developments said.
the 2018 proposal was also referred to the ministry of external affairs for its view.
the move to rename is aimed at climbing the alphabetical sequence of state names in which west bengal appears last in the list now.
a senior state official said mamatabanerjee requested the prime minister to do the needful to change the states name to bangla.
the last time the name of a state was changed was in 2011, when orissa became odisha.
bombay was renamed mumbai in 1995, madras as chennai in 1996 and calcutta as kolkata in 2001.
the central government had approved name changes for 11 cities in karnataka, including that of bangalore to bengaluru, in 2014.
west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjees nephew abesh mamatabanerjee , who is a medical student, on friday came out in support of the protesting doctors at the state-run hospitals.
abesh mamatabanerjee , whose facebook bio describes him as the president of kpc medical college and hospital, was seen at a rally holding a placard that read: you say we are gods!
!
why treat us like dogs?
dr abesh mamatabanerjee , nephew of mamatabanerjee at kpc hospital kolkata!
!
#savethedoctors, another doctor tweeted sharing his picture.
mamata mamatabanerjee left red faced as her own nephew, abesh mamatabanerjee , who is a student at kolkata's kpc medical college hospital, has joined the doctors' protest today!
!
#savethedoctors pic.
twitter.com/mq7ralu0ci  priti gandhi (@mrsgandhi) june 14, 2019earlier, kolkata mayor and state minister firhad hakims daughter, a doctor, criticised the governments handling of the ongoing doctors strike and said medicos had the right to peaceful protest and safety at work.
in a facebook post, shabba hakim asked people to question why goons were still surrounding hospitals and beating up doctors.
as a tmc supporter i am deeply ashamed at the inaction and the silence of our leader, shabba hakim said on the social networking site close to wednesday-thursday midnight.
till then mamatabanerjee had remained silent on the issue.
to those saying onyo rugider ki dosh?
(what is the fault of the other patients?
), shabba hakim suggested they should question the government as to why the police officers posted in government hospitals did little to nothing to protect the doctors.
please question them that when 2 truckload of goons showed up and why wasnt a back-up sent immediately?
please question why goons are still surrounding hospitals and beating up doctors?
hakim asked.
we have a right to peaceful protest.
we have a right to safety at work, she added.
(this story has been published from a wire agency feed without modifications to the text.
only the headline has been changed.
if there was one political image this past week, it was that of the opposition leaders congregating to celebrate the swearing-in of janata dal (secular) leader, h d kumaraswamy, as karnatakas chief minister  or more precisely, to celebrate the fact that the bharatiya janata party (bjp) could not acquire power in one more state.
indeed, it was the common enemy which had brought the most unlikely of leaders together.
akhilesh yadav and mayawati waved together to the crowds.
those with even a fleeting familiarity with the politics of uttar pradesh know the deep enmity, not just rivalry, the samajwadi party (sp) and bahujan samaj party (bsp) have for each other.
trinamool congress (tmc) chief and west bengal chief minister, mamatabanerjee , shook hands with the leader of the party she has fought all her life, sitaram yechury, the general secretary of the communist party of india (marxist), which, in turn, believes it is at the receiving end of trinamool violence.
the rashtriya janata dals (rjd) contemporary face, tejaswi yadav, touched sonia gandhis feet, perhaps in deference to the high regard his father, lalu prasad, has always had for her.
and sonia stole the moment with her affectionate knock on the forehead with mayawati, with congress president, rahul gandhi,looking on.
even arvind kejriwal, who rose to power by branding the entire political class as corrupt, was in the medley.
the image has energised the opposition.
and there is reason for it.
but it would be prudent not to get carried away, for there is a hard political challenge they face.
first, the possibilities, which rest on a mix of motivations, strategy and hopes.
the bjp, we know well, won 31  of the vote with 282 seats nationally in 2014.
this makes it the highest vote to seat conversion in indian electoral history.
the opposition has realised that the fragmentation of the anti-bjp votes enabled the narendra modi-amit machine to convert their robust  but less than majority  vote share into a majority of seats.
plain arithmetic thus suggests that if all major non-bjp forces come together, the modi machine will halt.
but logic and arithmetic alone would not have brought the leaders together.
there appears to be deep fear that their personal and political survival is at stake as the bjp expands state by state to become a hegemonic force.
this fear of survival, coupled with a sense that their ideological framework may be rendered irrelevant and their idea of india is genuinely under threat, has brought the opposition together.
this is important because fear overwhelms the contradictions which emerge out of egos and competing ambitions.
to think that the congress, with 78 seats, would concede chief ministership to jd(s) with less than half that number would have been unthinkable in the past.
if arithmetic and fear are the motivating factors, the opposition has also evolved a strategy.
given the difficulties in carving out a national coalition, the non-bjp camp wants to focus on a state-specific strategy and ensure that pre- poll alliances happen at this level; everyone rallies together against the primary challenger to the bjp in that state which could be the congress or a regional party; it becomes not one, but 543 different elections; and once the numbers come in, they form an all-india coalition.
and finally, the opposition camp is hopeful because of recent electoral trends: the slim victory of the bjp in gujarat and the defeat in the bypolls in rajasthan, uttar pradesh and madhya pradesh.
they believe that anti-incumbency is finally setting in; that disillusionment because of economic factors is growing and if they can mount a campaign based on modis failures, they have a powerful narrative.
but there are clear limitations of this plan too.
that is what the bjp is banking on.
for one, the fact is that the congress  the only party with the pan india presence to take on the bjp  remains electorally vulnerable.
the karnataka post-poll victory cannot take away from the electoral setback the party received.
it remains organisationally weak; it is not a major player in the entire belt from up to bengal; and in the states where it is in direct competition with bjp, it is still not clear if it can take on the saffron machine.
without the congress making a significant leap from its current tally, the front halts in its tracks.
two, there remain major contradictions within the parties who may constitute this front.
mamata and the left in bengal, or the left and the congress in kerala, or the biju janata dal (which was not present in bengaluru) and the congress in odisha cant come together easily.
even the sp-bsp alliance is fragile.
whether a common adversary is enough to paper over these differences is to be seen.
the third problem is leadership.
for now, the anti-bjp camp appears to have postponed the problem to post-elections.
but here is the rub.
narendra modi converted 2014 into a presidential-style election.
he remains the bjps biggest brand and all surveys and election results indicate his popularity is intact.
can an opposition front  without a leader  take an electoral machine with a clear and popular face?
and finally, the opposition has not yet been able to relay a common narrative and assure that they can provide a stable government.
the 1977 janata party and 1989 national front experiments against the congress and the 1996 united front experiment against the bjp collapsed within a few years.
the electorate does not like frequent disruptions and yearns for stability.
if the sense is that the opposition cannot provide five years of coherent government, it stands at a disadvantage.
as 2019 approaches, indias political space has opened up.
with the opposition coming together, a compelling battle can be expected.
but whether they can paper over real contradictions, and assure india they can provide a better government, remains to be seen.
the reserve bank of india (rbi) on monday raised the atm cash withdrawal limit to rs 10,000 per day but left the weekly ceiling of rs 24,000 unchanged.
the central bank also increased the withdrawal limit for current accounts to rs 100,000 per week from rs 50,000 earlier.
the changes would kick in with immediate effect, a release said.
on a review of limits placed on withdrawals from atms and current accounts, it has been decided to enhance the same with immediate effect, the rbi said.
these limits were imposed after the government on november 8 announced scrapping of rs 500 and rs 1,000 banknotes.
the other restrictions announced over the next 50 days remain in place.
on december 31, the rbi had raised the atm withdrawal limit from rs 2,500 to rs 4,500.
ht wrote on january 12 that the central bank could further relax the norms as cash supply to atms had improved considerably and was expected to normalise by month-end.
west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee did not appear impressed with the new rule.
a fierce opponent of the demonetisation move, she tweeted:government eye wash announcement .
money not available in banks.
all restrictions should be withdrawn immediately #demonetisation  mamatabanerjee (@mamataofficial) january 16, 2017according to bank of maharashtra executive director rk gupta, the relaxation by the rbi was a clear indication that the cash situation in the country was easing.
cash position was getting better day by day and the rush at atms had come down significantly, said another senior official of a public sector bank.
prime minister narendra modis surprise announcement to recall the high-value banknotes sparked chaos and confusion across the country, with millions of consumers queued outside banks and atms to change a limited number of old notes for new ones or withdraw cash.
the government said the move was aimed at rooting out black money and corruption.
vice-chancellor of newly-formed st xaviers university, fr felix raj, has said the government must take a bold step to stop student unrest in colleges.
i am distressed when i see students studying for 10 per cent of total hours and agitating for the rest 90 per cent.
colleges must produce educational leaders, not political leaders, fr felix raj, who is also the principal of st xaviers college, said.
the government must take a decision to depoliticise the education system as colleges should be considered as temples of wisdom, not temples of agitation, he told pti.
college campuses have been rocked by student unrest across west bengal in recent times.
the government must take a bold step and i know the cm (chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjee) wants that, the vice-chancellor of the new university which will open its first academic session from this july, said.
the bill for setting up the new university, which is operational from february 8, the date of notification, was unanimously passed by the assembly on december 15.
governor k n tripathi gave his consent to the bill on january 16.
on the programmes of the university, fr felix raj said it would have exchange programme with jesuit universities in the us, europe, australia, india and japan.
despite being a university, he said, st xaviers would continue to have its own school and college - both were 157 years old.
so, a student is now able to study from primary level to post-graduate level in st xaviers, fr felix raj said.
about the courses of the new st xaviers university, he said, we will start in july 2017 with 650 students for two undergraduate and four post-graduate courses.
besides, the university will start mba courses in 2018-19 session, he said.
besides getting land from the government, fr felix raj said the university got help from 11 chapters of st xaviers alumni associations - in the us, canada, dubai, europe, bangladesh, singapore, thailand and others - in raising funds.
we have already spent rs 125 crore while the whole project involves rs 360 crore, he said.
pressure must be kept on myanmar government to take back their rohingya people, bangladesh prime minister sheikh hasina said in the presence of her indian counterpart narendra modi in santiniketan on friday.
there are 11 lakh rohingya refugees in bangladesh.
we have given them shelter due to humanitarian consideration, we want them to go back to their land.
we cannot help offering shelter to oppressed people.
we appeal to all to keep up pressure on the government of myanmar to take them back, hasina said during the inauguration of bangladesh bhavan, a centre to further cultural cooperation between india and bangladesh.
when the question of giving them shelter in bangladesh was raised, i said if we could feed 16 crore people.
we could also offer food to a few lakhs.
if need be, we would share our food, said hasina, who turned emotional during the speech.
accommodating rohingya refugees is an issue on which the establishments in delhi and dhaka differ.
settlement of refugees from myanmar is an issue that also divides the ruling party of west bengal and the establishment in delhi.
while the modi government wants to deport all rohingya refugees, who are considered as the most persecuted ethnic minority in the world, the west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee has expressed support for them last year.
several dozens of rohingya families have been accommodated in different villages of the south 24 parganas district by ngos, an initiative that received the tacit support of local trinamool congress leaders.
issues between neighboursthe bangladesh prime minister also hinted at issues with india, but did not mention them in the inauguration programme.
neighbours do have problems, but we can resolve them through discussions.
i dont want to bring it up and spoil this excellent programme, hasina said.
india and bangladesh have settled many issues through mutual talks in the past.
for example, i was touched by the proactive role played by all political parties in india is settling the land boundary issues.
people living in enclaves along the border of our countries for decades found home.
however some issues are yet to be addressed.
i would not like to rake up these issues on this special occasion, hasina said.
india and bangladesh need to work together more closely and address common issues such as poverty and hunger, she added.
in his speech, modi said that the relations between india and bangladesh have entered a golden phase, highlighting the expanding road and rail connectivity projects, cooperation in power sectors, land boundary agreement between the two countries.
the type of progress that bangladesh has attained in social sectors and in the area of poverty alleviation provides encouragement to us in india too, modi remarked.
after the programme, hasina had a 30-minute meeting with modi behind closed doors.
despite speculations, bengal chief minister, mamatabanerjee did not attend the meeting.
she left santiniketan immediately after the function without even having lunch at the venue.
banerjee is scheduled to meet hasina in kolkata on saturday afternoon.
the teesta water accord might come up for discussion at the meeting.
the two leaders are also expected to talk on the rohingyas, said a senior state government official who did not wish to be named.
earlier, while addressing the 49th convocation at visva bharati, modi urged the students to turn 100 villages around santiniketan self-sufficient and thus celebrate 100 years of the university in 2021.
the villages should have power and lpg, children should receive vaccines, villagers should be able to fill up digital forms, modi said.
he also referred to a few central projects such as swachh bharat that might help the students in this effort.
this was modis first visit to visva bharati as prime minister.
this is the only central university of which he is the chancellor.
some covered their face with a piece of black cloth and kept reading books, while some took out a traditional protest rallies but silently.
some walked with posters, while some simply sat in the square in symbolic defiance.
over the past seven days, agitators and activists of the city resorted to various forms of protest, all peaceful, to try and convince the mamatabanerjee government that attempts to curb the right to agitate at a spot widely reckoned as a cradle of dissent is not acceptable.
but there were no moments of agitation, no display of the spirit of protest that made college square famous since the days of henry louis vivian derozio (1809-1831) and his band of young bengal students.
read: mamatabanerjee bans agitation in kolkatas protest hub of college squarethe organisations that took to the streets to protest were human rights bodies such as association for protection of democratic rights (apdr), centre for protection of democratic rights and secularism (cpdrs), all india democratic students organisation (student wing of suci) and cpi(ml)(liberation), a small naxalite outfit.
the mainstream political parties cpi(m), congress or bjp were conspicuously absent.
banner thanking chief minister mamatabanerjee for the historic decision by the students union of calcutta university.
(samir jana)since the agitators were peaceful, policemen escorted them onto police vehicles, drove them some distance, and released them.
about 150 of us took out a rally on wednesday afternoon.
the police took away 31 of us who were released in the evening.
but we will not stop, we will raise the tempo of protest in a calibrated manner, said general secretary of cpdrs, pranab dasgupta, who claimed to have attended about 270 protest rallies and meetings in college square since 1990.
read: bengal students union elections to keep political parties at baywe hoped that there should be more and louder protests against the undemocratic ban, said mirza hasan, spokesperson of committee for protection of land, occupation, homestead and environment that is organising resistance against the government in bhangar.
a procession by rights body cpdrs on wednesday.
(samir jana)i think people should come out to oppose this diktat to lock up college square to protesters, remarked political science professor amal kumar mukherjee, who spent five decades in college street, first as a student of presidency college and then its professor and principal.
the opposing voices were few and far between.
at the spot, a hoarding by the students of calcutta university thanked the chief minister for the order and notifying the area as a silence zone.
on thursday afternoon, education minister partha chatterjee said, our leader mamatabanerjee , too, is a product of agitation and struggle.
let protests be organised at appropriate places.
the chief minister wanted to make this a peaceful place and get rid of traffic jams here as there are so many educational institutions and a major hospital here.
he asked students, who lined up the gate of the college street campus of calcutta university to greet him with flowers, not to shower petals on him.
the protests by the students at college square were low key.
(samir jana)meetings and rallies should be stopped in college square.
political parties do it.
i also do it, but only twice a year.
others keep doing it all the time.
how can students study if people are raising slogans constantly on microphones?
trinamool congress wont conduct any meetings there, and all parties must follow it, remarked mamatabanerjee at an administrative meeting at chinsurah of hooghly district on june 1.
within a few hours of that announcement, kolkata police issued orders banning meetings and rallies at the spot.
however, on the evening of june 1, soon after mamatabanerjee banerjees announcement, opposition leaders sounded defiant.
both bjp state president dilip ghosh and cpi(m) politburo member and lok sabha mp, md salim told ht that they were not accepting the chief ministers diktat.
the chief ministers plan seemed to be to maintain peace in a zone that accommodates more than half a dozen reputable and the countrys oldest educational institutions and the citys famous market of new and old books.
the institutions are hindu school (set up on january 20, 1817), hare school (1818), presidency university (1817), calcutta university (1857), calcutta medical college (1835) and sanskrit college (1824).
this meeting on june 2 to oppose the governments steps in bhangar would be the last agitation programme in college square.
(samir jana)in the end sixties and early seventies, college street and college square turned into hotbeds of naxalite violence as students of presidency college and calcutta university became rebels by the dozens.
even after naxalism faded away, parties of all hues used college square as a frequent seat of agitation programmes.
marching from college square to esplanade became a preferred route for political parties.
but since june 1, after serving the city as the cradle of countless agitation programmes for about 200 years, the protest hub of kolkata seems to have decisively fallen silent.
senior congress leader adhir ranjan chowdhury expressed his reservations on thursday after west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee reached out to his party and the cpi(m) to join her fight against the bjp in the state.
people say something and then go back on their words, its her nature.
if she is serious shell have to talk to our senior leadership.
the way bjp is growing in bengal, it is due to mamatabanerjee jis failures, adhir ranjan chowdhury said, according to news agency ani.
the people of the state are witnessing in bhatpara what happens if you vote for the bjp.
i feel all of us (tmc, congress and cpi-m) should come together in the fight against the bjp, she said while speaking during the debate on the governors address in the state assembly.
it doesnt mean we have to join hands politically.
but on common issues at the state and the national levels, we can come together, she had said.
the two parties had, however, rejected her appeal saying her policies are responsible for the bjps growth.
west bengal criminal investigation department (cid) became the latest agency to register a case against yogesh varshney, a bjp youth wing leader who unleashed a controversy on wednesday by announcing an award of rs 11 lakh on the head of west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjee.
the complaint was lodged at the bolpur police station of birbhum district, the same area where a cane charge on a crowd on hanuman jayanti day, the birthday of lord hanuman, allegedly infuriated varshney to make the announcement.
read: bjp supporters, cops clash in bengal town during hanuman jayanti rallythe police complaint was lodged by tapas mondal, a local who alleged that the bounty announced on mamatabanerjee banerjees head created high commotion and tension in the area.
bjp has been on an upswing since the ram navami celebrations in bengal that was given an unprecedented push by the saffron outfits this year.
(ht photo)the cid picked up the complaint and slapped sections 115 (abetment of offence punishable with death or imprisonment for life), 117 (abetting commission of offence by the public or by more than ten persons), 120b (punishment of criminal conspiracy), 506 (punishment for criminal intimidation), 505(1)a (making statements with intent to cause army, navy or airforce personnel mutiny), 505(2) (statements likely to cause, fear or alarm to the public, whereby any person may be induced to commit an offence against the state or against the public tranquility) and 504 ( intentional insult with intent to provoke breach of the peace) of the indian penal code.
the maximum punishment laid down in these sections is 14 years in jail.
mamata mamatabanerjee herself scoffed at the development.
i pray to the almighty to forgive them, for they know not what they are saying.
i need not say anything more, she said.
read: hanuman jayanti celebrations hits the heart of kolkata, vhp leaders express trust in modi-yodi combine to construct ram templei am regularly targeted with offensive words.
but, the more they say such things, the more we will progress.
from bengal to jharkhand to uttar pradesh -- we will spread out towards delhi, said bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee at a public rally in domkal of murshidabad district on wednesday.
on wednesday a police complaint was also filed by aligarh district trinamool congress president ramphool upadhyaya at the local civil lines police station.
a rally in bhawanipore of kolkata with weapons on ram navami.
(ht photo)the announcement by varshney that was made on a video triggered such a furore across party lines that even bjp leaders quickly distanced themselves from it.
bengal bjp president dilip ghosh described it as sheer madness.
read: parliament condemns bjp youth leader who offered bounty on mamatathe imam of tipu sultan mosque in kolkata, who is close to the bengal chief minister, announced a counter-offer of rs 22 lakh to anyone severing the head of varshney.
a former legislator of the samajwadi party (sp) jameer ullah also jumped into the controversy on wednesday evening and remarked that the tongue of the bjp youth leader should be chopped off.
varshney later withdrew his statement and apologised.
he told the media that he made this announcement in a fit of rage and after seeing video footage of a crowd of hindus who gathered in bengals birbhum district to celebrate hanuman jayanti (the birthday of lord hanuman) being charged with canes.
did sundays meeting between union home minister rajnath singh and the representatives of gorkhaland movement coordination committee signal the end of the road for a separate state of gorkhaland, at least for now?
though politics is an art of the possible, it appears bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee , who has vowed not to allow a division of bengal, is having her way.
mr singh has told the agitators who have already set a record 62-day shutdown of the north bengal hills to restore normalcy and go for talks with the state government.
the centres stand has put its ally, gorkha janmukti morcha, in a fix, and did not leave the agitators even a face-saving formula.
while those campaigning for gorkhaland were hoping for a tripartite meeting, the centre washed its hands off by asking them to prepare for bipartite talks.
the leaders of the hill parties have already withdrawn the fast-unto-death programme and are in extreme discomfort to announce the end of the indefinite bandh after the groundswell of opinion in support of their struggle.
in short, it is an unqualified victory for ms mamatabanerjee , who has emerged as one of the bitterest critics for the bjp-led government at the centre.
she has denounced the agitators in strong words, alleging they cultivate links with insurgent groups of the northeast and draw sustenance from foreign lands.
it is clear to anyone that her government will just not entertain any mention of a separate state.
while the quest for a separate state is linked to the gorkha identity and may not end here, the centres stance seems to mark an end to the current phase of struggle.
what mr singh conveyed to the agitators on sunday may not have been very comfortable for the party itself that owes one of its two mps in bengal, ss ahluwalia, to its alliance with gorkha janmukti morcha and the partys declaration of a sympathetic consideration of the gorkha aspiration.
but the bjps position seems to be dictated by the consideration that it is eyeing a big share of the 42 lok sabha seats in the 2019 elections, and exploring a separate state may be politically suicidal in bengal, where ms mamatabanerjee is already accusing the party of trying to divide the state.
bimal gurung and his men will find it difficult, if not outright impossible, to raise the demand for a separate state in the near or medium-term future.
there is no shoulder to cry on.
the fourth phase of the seven-phase of general elections will take place on april 29 to choose 72 members of the lok sabha across nine states and union territories.
a look at some of the key contests.
uttar pradeshunnaoin the ring: sakshi maharaj (bjp), annu tandon (congress), arun shankar shukla (sp)quick take: the same candidates contested unnao in 2014 s. sitting mp sakshi maharaj registered one of the biggest wins in 2014, consolidating the backward class and dalit vote.
congress has again fielded annu tandon, who polled 46  of the votes in 2009, but was relegated to the third position in 2014.
the samajwadi party-bahujan samaj party (sp-bsp) alliance has nominated anna shukla, an old mulayam singh yadav loyalist.
follow live updates here.
2014 result: sakshi maharaj (bjp) defeated anna shukla (sp) by 310,173 votes.
farrukhabadin the ring: mukesh rajput (bjp), salman khursheed (congress), manoj agarwal (bsp)quick take: former foreign minister salman khursheed of the congress is fighting to salvage his political capital in farrukhabad.
khursheed, in a shocking outcome, slumped to the fourth place in the 2014 election from the constituency, getting only 95,000 votes.
the bjps lodhi strongman mukhesh rajput is seeking a second term in a triangular contest.
rajput is up against a rejuvenated khursheed and new face manoj agarwal, who has the combined might of the bsp and sp behind him.
2014 result: mukesh rajput (bjp) defeated rameshwar yadav (sp) by 150,502 votes.
etawahin the ring: ram shankar katheria (bjp), kamlesh katheria (sp), ashok dohrey (congress)quick take: all main parties have fielded dalit candidates.
bjp has brought rashtriya swayamsevak sangh (rss) pracharak and sc/st commission chairman ram shankar katheria from agra to replace ashok dohrey, who is contesting as the congress candidate.
the sp-bsp alliance, which had a combined vote share of 48  as compared to the 46  of bjp in 2014, has fielded kamlesh katheria, son of prem das katheria, who won the seat in 2009 and lost in 2014.
2014 result: ashok dohrey (bjp) defeated premdas katheria (sp) by 164,946 votes.
kannaujin the ring: dimple yadav (sp), subrat pathak (bjp)quick take: dimple yadav, the wife of sp president akhilesh yadav, is contesting the seat for the third time.
the yadav family, which has nurtured the constituency carefully, has not lost kannauj since 1998.
dimple, however, won the seat only by a whisker in 2014 as bjp matched the sp in every polling booth.
the bjp goes into the election with subrat pathak hoping he will improve on his 2014 performance.
this time, no bsp candidate in the fray.
the congress decided to stay away from kannauj, too.
2014 result: dimple yadav (sp) defeated subrat pathak (bjp) by 19,907 votes.
kanpurin the ring: shri prakash jaiswal (congress), satyadeo pachauri (bjp), ram kumar (sp)quick take: former coal minister shri prakash jaiswal is looking for a fourth term in the lok sabha.
the bjp has replaced veteran murali manohar joshi with pachauri, a protg of his.
pachaur is also a minister in the state cabinet and the rss face in kanpur.
this is pachauris third lok sabha election; on the two previous occasions, he lost to jaiswal.
the sp-bsp alliance has fielded ram kumar nishad, son of former nishad community strongman manohar lal of unnao.
2014 result: murali manohar joshi (bjp) defeated shri prakash jaiswal (congress) by 222, 946 votes.
jhansiin the ring: anurag sharma (bjp), shivsharan (congress), shyam sundar singh (sp)quick take: the home seat of union minister uma bharti is looking at a triangular contest.
bjp candidate and businessman anurag sharma belongs to the brahmin community; sps shyam sunder singh is from the dominant yadav community and the congresss shivsharan is from the backward kushwaha community.
to counter the anger among backward classes, the bjp has directed its leaders belonging to the lodh and maurya communities to campaign in other backward class (obc)-dominated villages.
2014 result: uma bharti (bjp) defeated chandrapal singh yadav (sp) by a margin of 190,467 votes.
rajasthanjodhpurin the ring: gajendra singh shekhawat (bjp), vaibhav gehlot (congress)quick take: the seat has become a prestige fight for chief minister ashok gehlot, whose son vaibhav is up against union minister gajendra singh shekhawat.
gehlot is spending a lot of time in the constituency as is the top brass of the bjp and the rss.
in a close contest, the support of the jats and bishois, who dominate the electorate, can be a deciding factor.
2014 result: gajendra singh shekhawat (bjp) defeated chandresh kumari (congress) by 410,051 votes.
barmerin the ring: manvendra singh (congress), kailash choudhary (bjp)quick take: bjp turncoat manvendra singh has a strong base among voters of all castes in the constituency, thanks to his father and former union minister jaswant singh.
manvendra had won the seat in 2004 and was bjp mla in 2013.
bjp candidate kailash choudhary is a former mla and is being backed by the rss.
2014 result: sonaram choudhary (bjp) defeated jaswant singh (independent) by 87,000 votes.
west bengalbaharampurin the ring: adhir ranjan chowdhury (congress), apurba sarkar (trinamool congress), krishna juardar arya (bjp)quick take: adhir ranjan chowdhury not only won the baharampur constituency four times in a row but also notched up the highest margin among all congress candidates in the country in 2014.
chowdhury is a bitter and vocal critic of chief minister mamatabanerjee , who is treating the contest as a personal challenge the left front has not nominated any candidate for the seat.
2014 result: adhir chowdhury (congress) defeated indranil sen (trinamool congress) by 356,567 votes.
asansolin the ring: babul supriyo (bjp), moon moon sen (trinamool congress), gauranga chatterjee (cpi-m), biswarup mondal (congress)quick take: a prestige seat for the bjp that babul supriyo won in 2014 and went on to become a union minister.
the constituency in west burdwan district is a part of the industrial zone of durgapur-asansol, home to coal miners, blue-collar workers in factories, local bengalis and hindi-speaking migrant workers from the neighbouring states of bihar and jharkhand.
supriyos key opponent is trinamool candidate and former film actor moon moon sen, who won the bankura lok sabha seat in 2014.
2014 result: babul supriyo (bjp) defeated dola sen (trinamool congress) by 70,480 votes.
bardhaman-durgapurin the ring: mamtaz sanghamita (trinamool congress), s s ahluwalia (bjp), ranajit mukherjee (congress), abhas roy choudhury (cpi-m)quick take: the nomination of s s ahluwalia, one of the two bjp candidates to be elected to the lok sabha in 2014 from bengal, for this seat has raised its importance.
while the incumbent and trinamool candidate is depending on the organisational machinery of the ruling party and the personal charisma of chief minister mamatabanerjee , the bjp candidate, who spent his student years in asansol and speaks bengali fluently, is banking on anti-incumbency against the trinamool congress.
2014 result: mamtaz sanghamita (trinamool congress) defeated saidul haque (cpi-m) by 107,331 votes.
biharbegusaraiin the ring: giriraj singh (bjp), kanahiya kumar (cpi) and tanveer hassan (rjd)quick take: after initial reluctance, bjps giriraj singh agreed to contest this seat.
singh is the sitting nawada mp.
the election is also important because it will also decide the fate of former jawaharlal nehru students union leader kanahiya kumar, who is running for election as a candidate of the communist party of india the contest is triangular because rashtriya janata dal candidate tanveer hassan has strong vote base in this muslim-dominated constituency.
2014 result: late bhola singh (bjp) defeated tanveer hassan (rjd) by 8,161 votes.
ujjiyarpurin the ring: nityanand rai (bjp) , upendra kushwaha (rlsp president and former union minister)quick take: it is a prestige battle between bjp state president nityanand rai and rashtriya lok samata party chief upendra kushwaha, who is also contesting karakat, from where he was elected to lok sabha in 2014.
the stakes are high both for rai and kushwaha, a critic of chief minister nitish kumar, who left the national democratic alliance in the run-up to the general elections.
2014 result: nityanand rai (bjp) defeated ashok kumar mehta (rjd) by 60,469 votes.
odishakendraparain the ring: baijayant jay panda (bjp), anubhav mohanty (bjd), dharanidhar nayak(congress)quick take: for baijayant panda, the incumbent mp, a win will mean his entrenchment in the bjp.
chief minister naveen patnaik is treating the fight with panda, who left the biju janata dal last year after being suspended from the party, as a personal battle and has fielded popular odia actor and rajya sabha mp anubhav mohanty to convert his popularity as a movie star into votes.
patnaik is also banking on the support of women self-help groups, his vote bank.
2014 result: baijayant jay panda (bjp) defeated dharanidhar nayak (congress) by 209,300 votes.
mayurbhanjin the ring: debashis marndi (bjp), anjani soren marndi(jmm), bisweswar tudu (bjp)quick take: in tribal-dominated mayurbhanj, shibu soren-led jharkhand mukti morcha is looking for a comeback in alliance with the congress.
sorens widowed daughter, anjani soren marndi, is the party candidate against bjds marndi, who contested the 2014 election on a jmm ticket.
jmm has a base in at least six of the seven assembly constituencies.
bjps bisweswar tudu is expected to get a sizeable number of votes.
2014 result: rama chandra hansda (bjd) defeated nepole raghu murmu (bjp) by 122,866 votes.
madhya pradeshchhindwarain the ring: nathansaha kawreti (bjp), nakul nath (congress)quick take: madhya pradesh chief minister kamal nath represented chhindwara in the lok sabha for nine terms before shifting to state politics.
his son nakul nath is the candidate this time around.
bjp candidate kawreti is a tribal and a former mla, and is hoping to cash in on tribal votes.
2014 result: kamal nath (congress) defeated choudhary chandrabhan singh (bjp) by 116,537 votesjabalpurin the ring: rakesh singh (bjp), vivek tankha (congress)quick take: singh and tankha were also pitted against each other in the 2014 elections, when the former won, riding on the modi wave.
this time, around tankha is confident because a congress government has captured power in madhya pradesh after a gap of 15 years.
both singh and tankha, who is a rajya sabha mp, are campaigning on the development plank.
2014 results: rakesh singh (bjp) defeated vivek tankha (congress) by 208639 votesjharkhandlohardaga (st)in the ring: sudershan bhagat (bjp), sukhdeo bhagat (congress)quick take: sudershan bhagat, representing the seat since 2009, is facing a tough challenge from former jharkhand congress chief sukhdeo bhagat, who is the joint candidate of a grand alliance of four parties.
bhagat won in 2014 with just over 6,000 votes in a multi-cornered contest.
lohardaga, a reserved seat for scheduled tribes, has a sizeable tribal christian population.
2014 result: sudarshan bhagat (bjp) defeated rameshwar oraon (congress) by 6,489 votes.
maharashtramumbai southin the ring: arvind sawant (shiv sena), milind deora (congress)quick take: sitting sena mp arvind sawant is facing fight from congress candidate and partys mumbai president milind deora for second consecutive time.
deora was sitting mp and union minister when he was defeated in the last polls.
the seat faces issues such as infrastructure, slum redevelopment, redevelopment of dilapidated buildings and chawls and is also known as marathi heartland.
2014 results: mlind sawant (shiv sena) had defeated milind deora (congress) by a margin of 1,28,564 votesmumbai north centralin the ring: poonam mahajan (bjp), priya dutt (congress)quick take: in mumbai north central constituency, sitting bjp mp poonam mahajan is facing tough competition from former mp priya dutt.
both the candidates comes from well-known political families as mahajan is the daughter of senior bjp leader late pramod mahajan and dutt is the daughter of actor and former mp late sunil dutt.
the constituencys maps were redrawn in 2007-08 as part of delimitation process.
earlier it had more part of central mumbai and the seat was with shiv sena and former lok sabha speaker manohar joshi was two-term mp from the seat.
he was defeated by congress eknath gaikwad in a close contest.
present north central constituency has some part has a significant part of erstwhile north west constituency then represented by sunil dutt.
2014 results: poonam mahajan (bjp) had defeated priya dutt (congress) by a margin of 1,86,771 votesmavalin the ring: shrirang barne (shiv sena), parth pawar (ncp)quick take: sitting shiv sena mp shrirang barne is facing tough contest against parth pawar, third generation member from ncp chief sharad pawars family.
he is the son of former deputy chief minister ajit pawar, who is pawars nephew.
interestingly, the ncp chief was not keen on allowing parth to contest general polls parth but eventually gave up to the family pressure.
since the formation of the seat in 2008 following delimitation, both the attempts made by ncp in 2009 and 2014 to win it were failed.
the electoral battle become more interesting after ncp decided to forge alliance with peasants and workers party of india (pwp) that enjoys strong presence in the constituency.
in 2014 polls, its candidate laxman jagtap was the first runner up who got over 3.
54 lakh votes.
barne had defeated him by a margin of 1.
57 lakh votes.
2014 results: shriran barne (shiv sena) had defeated laxman jagtap (pwp) by a margin of 1,57,394 votes.
ncp candidate rahul narvekar was at third position with 1,82,293 votes.
after 12 long meetings on the gst implementation for months, the parliament on wednesday has entered into a seven-hour long discussion where parties raised concerns on the unified tax regime aimed at making one nation, one tax.
it started when congress mp, veerappa moily said that it was the bjp, which delayed the implementation of the gst during the congress-led upa regime.
he said that the opposition of the gst then has caused an estimated loss of rs 12 lakh crore to the people of the country.
who is to make up for this loss?
moily asked.
he also pointed out the various discrepancies in the bill, which included too many rates  seven, including the cesses.
this is not a game-changer as it is made out to be, moily said, and added that one tax one nation is a myth.
in fact, moilys criticised terming the bill to be a technological nightmare.
he said that the common man will have to file many forms, and asked arun jaitley to make compliance simpler.
the intentions can be good but you are bringing anarchy into the country, which will make the states and the centre fight, moily said.
others, too raised concerns over the implementation of the bill.
tdp mp, jayadev galla said that gst will cause rs 2,000 crore of annual loss to the state of andhra pradesh.
he asked the modi-led government to look into the pathetic economic condition of the state, and compensate accordingly.
biju janta dals bhartruhari mahtab said that the implementation will increase compliance cost, and added that it would go against ease of doing business.
he also pointed out that while the finance minister has more wisdom on gst, bringing the agri-economy under the unified tax regime will have an adverse impact, and that the bjp will be questioned, if not now, later.
mahtab also alluded that the impact of the bill will only be visible after a year, and not immediately.
he said it is not known if the revenue will grow or fall.
gst hinges on revenue neutral rate.
these are now fixed at 0, 5, 12, 18 and 28 percent.
we will know only after the first year if its revenue neutral or not, mahtab said.
west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjees trinamool congress, too, raised concerns.
however, he listed his concerns.
it is imperative that sufficient time is given to build up the structures; the process of treatment of rates for different goods has to be informed to the industry; and preparation of gst network.
.
.
this will be pivotal for the implementation of the tax system.
the streets of kolkata leading to howrah turned into virtual battlefields on monday afternoon with police firing tear gas shells, targeting water cannons and wielding lathis during the march to secretariat agitation programme undertaken by 11 left parties and organisations.
chief minister, mamatabanerjee , was out of the city.
she went to birbhum district to attend an administrative meeting.
clashes erupted between police and the agitators at various points in kolkata and howrah.
read: tmc in a fix over rise of bjps aggressive hindutva in bengalpolice had to resort to massive lathi charge and firing of tear gas cells as the agitators broke through two consecutive barricades and guard-walls.
clashes were reported at mayo road in central kolkata, from where the main team of agitators lead by the cpi(m) state secretary, suryakanta mishra and left front chairman, biman bose, started marching towards the secretariat.
a barricade erected by the police on the way to the state secretariat in howrah.
(ht photo)former minister kanti ganguly was injured in the scuffle.
he was seen lying on the bare road under the sun.
the agitation programme came against the backdrop of the left continuously facing erosion of vote share in all elections of bengal since 2011.
traffic in the city was thrown out of gear in the city since midday.
participants started pelting stones and bricks targeting policemen, who retaliated with lathi charge and firing of tear gas cells.
at betor in howrah, water cannons were used to disperse the mob.
policemen were also seen picking up stone thrown at them by agitators and throwing them back at the pelters.
police attack agitators on mayo road on monday.
(samir jana)the agitation was supposed to start at 1 pm.
but before midday, a team of cpi(m) legislators and supporters, lead by the leader of the left parties in the assembly, sujan chakrabarty suddenly arrived in front of the secretariat and tried to enter it through north gate.
though initially caught by surprise, a huge police team deployed there took control of the situation in minutes and after some minor scuffle, arrested chakraborty, along with four other cpi(m) legislators.
while three team of agitators marched towards nabanna from the kolkata side, two teams started from howrah.
cpi(m) politburo member and mp, mohammad salim said, after converting west bengal into a police state, the chief minister fled from kolkata to avoid facing the people.
police provoked us a peaceful agitation programme, said cpi(m) state secretary suryakanta mishra.
cpi(m) is completely isolated from the people.
drama and hooliganism are their only weapons, said trinamool congress secretary general and education minister partha chatterjee.
we will not allow division between hindus and muslims.
nor i will allow division between the poor and rich.
i strongly belive that artists do not have any caste or religion.
so the artists and common people have to join hands and resist divisive forces, she remarked at the inauguration of annual kenduli fair at bolpur.
read: triple talaq bill wont protect muslim women: mamatabanerjee banerjeethe fair that is named after 12th century sanskrit poet joydeb (1170-1245) is marked by performances by baul singers, minstrels of bengal who sing and preach universal love.
though she did not mention the name of any party, it was clear that the bengal chief minister was targeting the saffron camp.
without naming bjp, she also ridiculed the ruling party of india about its obsession towards the saffron colour.
saffron does not suit everybody.
our baul singers wear saffron clothes.
the colour suits them, since they sing for unity.
saffron cannot be the colour for divisive forces, the chief minister said.
read: durga puja politics: mamatabanerjee sends out a clear message to bjpmamata mamatabanerjee is on a three-day tour of the districts.
incidentally, the rural polls are just four-five months away.
the polls are crucial as they will be a rehearsal for the 2019 lok sabha elections, for which bjp has selected bengal as a focus state.
the saffron camps target: securing 22 out of the 44 lok sabha seats in bengal.
during the speech on thursday she also brought up the topic of the union government disallowing the republic day tableau.
our theme was unity in diversity.
i brought together all artists for that purpose.
but the union government rejected it at the last moment.
why?
this is because they do not believe in unity, she chief minister said.
her comments came just 24 hours after she criticised the bill that criminalises instant triple talaq, claiming that the impending legislation was not meant to protect muslim women and will merely poke the community.
read: bengal govt to handover 5 lakh houses to rural poor on january 29: mamatabanerjee banerjeeshe also lashed out at attempts to impose food restrictions on people.
food is a matter of individual choice.
one cannot dictate whether someone will eat fish, or meat, or egg.
all these attempts have to resisted at any cost.
trinamool congress, which never believes in creating division among people, can only resist such divisive attempts, she remarked.
the iconic singur movement -- protests against a proposed factory to make tata nano, the worlds cheapest car -- would be introduced in the history syllabus of schools run by the west bengal government from this year, state education minister partha chatterjee said on monday.
the minister, who described the singur movement as a historic win for the farmers, said during a question-answer session in the assembly that a chapter detailing the agitation would be included in the history syllabus of class 8.
later, chatterjee told reporters, its a historic win for the farmers.
along with the singur movement, the tebhaga movement and krishak andolan will also feature in the syllabus and students must know that this movement is one of the milestones in the countrys history.
chatterjee said that distribution of the books had already been started.
after the supreme court verdict allowing redistribution of singur land among farmers, the state education department had sent the proposal to the syllabus committee for approval of the inclusion of singur movement in the madhyamik school syllabus.
the minister also said that by march 15 the government would complete the entire process of employing 72,000 teachers in primary, upper-primary, madhyamik and higher secondary schools.
he requested opponents not to move court creating hurdles in the process of employment of teachers and said that his department was going through a verification process at present.
ten years ago, land protests in singur against a proposed factory to make tata nano -- the worlds cheapest car -- made headlines across the globe and catapulted then opposition leader mamatabanerjee to limelight.
by 2007, singur -- along with nandigram -- had become a symbol for popular mass protests against forcible land acquisition and paved the way for a farmer-friendly law in 2013.
the demonstrations carried mamatabanerjee  who sat on a hunger strike against the tata factory  to power in 2011, dislodging a 34-year-old left front government.
she also vowed to give the land back to the farmers.
congress mla kr ramesh kumar was unanimously elected as the speaker of the karnataka assembly on friday morning, ahead of a floor test to verify the congress-jd(s) combines majority in the house.
i want to express my gratitude to opposition leaders for having decided to make it a unanimous election.
it is quite rare to have a unanimous candidate like this, chief minister hd kumaraswamy said soon after kumar was voted in.
bjp leader yeddyurappa, who delivered his address after kumaraswamy, said his party withdrew the nomination of its candidate to maintain the dignity of the speakers post.
saffron party mla s suresh kumar had submitted his nomination for the speakers post on thursday.
kumar is acceptable to both the congress and the jd(s) as he is a former member of the janata dal who served as the assembly speaker between 1994 and 1999.
ramesh kumar first won an election in 1978 as a congress member before moving to the janata dal in 1985.
in 2004, he moved back to the congress and has been with the party ever since.
as no political party or pre-poll alliance had secured a clear majority in the karnataka assembly elections, the congress and jd(s) came together to stake claim to power in the state under kumaraswamy.
however, as both the parties wanted to take no chances ahead of the floor test on friday, their mlas continued to remain behind closed doors of resorts to prevent any attempt by the bjp to poach them.
while the congress lodged its mlas at the hilton embassy golflinks in domlur, their jd(s) counterparts stayed put at the prestige golfshire resort off devanahallion on the outskirts of bengaluru.
our mlas will be in the resort till the floor test is over.
they will then be free to unite with their families, a congress leader had told pti on the condition of anonymity.
while the congress has 78 legislators, mr kumaraswamys jds has 37, and the bsp of mayawati has one.
the alliance also claims support of two more lawmakers, including an independent.
the bjp, despite being the single-largest party in the assembly, has just 104.
high drama followed the vote-counting day for the karnataka polls on may 15, with governor vajubhai vala inviting yeddyurappa to become the chief minister in his capacity as the nominee of the single-largest party.
the jd(s)-congress combine, however, protested on the grounds that they had the required numbers.
the supreme court later ruled that the trust vote be held on may 19 (as opposed to the governor-granted period of 15 days), forcing yeddyurappa to step down in the face of certain defeat.
the governor then invited kumaraswamy to become the chief minister.
the swearing-in ceremony took place on may 23 in the presence of several political leaders opposed to the nda combine, including trinamool congress chief mamatabanerjee , congress leaders sonia and rahul gandhi, samajawadi party president akhilesh yadav, bsp supremo mayawati and cpi(m) leader sitaram yechury.
the event was largely seen as a display of opposition unity in the run-up to the lok sabha polls next year.
back in bengal on the campaign trail, prime minister narendra modi on thursday launched a scathing attack at chief minister mamatabanerjee for her governance record.
but before he got down to critiquing her stint as a two-time chief minister, pm modi also hurled a dart at mamatabanerjee who had told a rally that she felt like giving him a slap of democracy.
i have been told that didi said she wanted to slap modi.
mamata didi, i call you didi and will continue to keep doing so.
your slap will be a blessing for me, pm modi said at an election rally in bengals purulia.
exclusive | this election will be indias turning point: pm modibut, pm modi said, mamatabanerjee would have had to worry so much about losing if she had showed the courage to slap her colleagues who cheated the poor in the chit fund scam.
if you had slapped the tolabaz (extortionists), then the ttt or trinamool tolabazi tax tag wouldnt have stained your record, he said.
watch | didis slap will be a blessing for me: pm modi on mamatabanerjee banerjees remarkthe bjp and mamatabanerjee banerjees trinamool congress has been locked in a no-holds-barred contest for 17 of bengals 42 lok sabha seats that are to vote on may 12 and 19.
the bjp had lined up six rallies by pm modi over the next 10 days and deployed its three key strategists  himanta biswa sarma, sunil deodhar and arvind menon  who have a track record of scripting victories for the party.
pm modi and the bjps focus on bengal also stems from the partys performance in the march panchayat elections where the party had emerged as a close second.
bjp leaders have also pointed out to the steady increase in the partys vote share over the last decade or so, up from a mere 4 per cent in 2011 assembly elections to 10 per cent in 2016 and 17 per cent in 2014.
prime minister narendra modi will address the nation from the isro control centre in bengaluru at 8am after vikram lander loses contact in the final minutes.
vikram lander descent was as planned and normal performance was observed up to an altitude of 2.
1 km.
chairman k sivan informed that isro was analyzing the data last sent by the lander.
subsequently, the communication was lost.
the data is being analysed, said @isro chairman k sivan.
asking scientists to not lose heart and thanking them for the milestones achieved during this historic attempt, pm modi said, it is not a small achievement and the country is proud of you.
if the communication starts again, then the mission will be able to give us a lot of information.
lets hope for the best.
chandrayaan 2, which was launched on july 22, attempted a touchdown near the moons south pole at 1:43 am in the wee hours of saturday.
vikram was attempting to land on the south pole region of moon where no other man made mission has gone before.
learn whats happening in the space with chandrayaan 2 live updates here:06:04 am am ist anupam kher stood with the indian space research organisation anupam kher, bollywood celebrity, stood with the indian space research organisation on saturday after chandrayaan-2s vikram lander lost contact barely 2.
1 km from the moons surface.
-- ,         !
!
!
well done @isro.
we are proud of you.
anupam kher (@anupampkher) september 6, 201906:00 am ist anand mahindra: india can feel the heartbeat of chandrayaan 2 anand mahindra, chairman mahindra group, took to twitter and reached out in support of isros moon mission.
he said, the communication isnt lost.
every single person in india can feel the heartbeat of chandrayaan 2.
we can hear it whisper to us that- if at first you dont succeed, try, try again.
05:44 am ist israel official: will continue to follow isro, india in future space endeavors daniel carmon, israel official, applauds isros achievement and tweeted, india can and should be proud of its great teams of isro scientists who have made it a world leader in space science and practices.
i am glad i followed the live broadcast together with so many people in india & around the world.
we will continue to follow isro and india in future space endeavors.
good wishes from your friends in israel.
we will continue to follow @isro and #india in future #space endeavors.
good wishes from your friends in #israel @ilspaceagency #chandrayan2 https://t.
co/vfjyo82cyf  daniel carmon (@danielocarmon) september 6, 20194:53 am ist why president?
why not prime minister?
, says pm modi bengaluru: why president?
why not prime minister?
, says pm modi when a student, selected through isros space quiz competition to watch the landing of vikram lander along with him, asks him, my aim is to become the president of india.
what steps should i follow?
#watch bengaluru: why president?
why not prime minister?
, says pm modi when a student, selected through isro's 'space quiz' competition to watch the landing of vikram lander along with him, asks him, ''my aim is to become the president of india.
what steps should i follow?
'' pic.
twitter.com/rhsly1tmc4  ani (@ani) september 6, 20194:41 am ist pm modi interacted with students from across country bengaluru: prime minister narendra modi interacted, earlier tonight, with the students from across the country, who were selected through isros space quiz competition to watch the landing of vikramlander along with pm.
#watch bengaluru: prime minister narendra modi interacted, earlier tonight, with the students from across the country, who were selected through isro's 'space quiz' competition to watch the landing of #vikramlander along with pm.
pic.
twitter.com/oacnhpbjkx  ani (@ani) september 6, 20194:03 am ist pm modi to address nation at 8:00 am from isro control centre prime minister narendra modi will address the nation from isro control centre today at 8:00 am.
#isrohonorable prime minister shri.
narendra modi will address the nation from isro control centre today (september 07, 2019) at 0800 hrs ist.
@pmoindia @narendramodi  isro (@isro) september 6, 20193:53 am ist entire team of isro has shown exemplary commitment and courage: president kovind president ram nath kovind tweets: with #chandrayaan2 mission, the entire team of isro has shown exemplary commitment and courage.
the country is proud of @isro.
we all hope for the best.
with #chandrayaan2 mission, the entire team of isro has shown exemplary commitment and courage.
the country is proud of @isro.
we all hope for the best #presidentkovind  president of india (@rashtrapatibhvn) september 6, 20193:25 am ist your work is not in vain: rahul gandhi to isro scientists rahul gandhi tweets: congratulations to the team at #isro for their incredible work on the chandrayaan 2 moon mission.
your passion & dedication is an inspiration to every indian.
your work is not in vain.
it has laid the foundation for many more path breaking & ambitious indian space missions.
congratulations to the team at #isro for their incredible work on the chandrayaan 2 moon mission.
your passion & dedication is an inspiration to every indian.
your work is not in vain.
it has laid the foundation for many more path breaking & ambitious indian space missions.
rahul gandhi (@rahulgandhi) september 6, 20193:20 am ist isro scientist on being asked if vikram lander has crashed deviprasad karnik, scientist isro, on being asked if vikram lander has crashed: data is being analysed.
we dont have any result yet.
it takes time.
we are not sure.
deviprasad karnik, scientist isro, on being asked if vikram lander has crashed: data is being analysed.
we don't have any result yet.
it takes time.
we are not sure.
pic.
twitter.com/fo3azdwhek  ani (@ani) september 6, 20193:02 am ist communication from lander to the ground stations was lost, data is being analyzed: isro this is mission control centre.
#vikramlander descent was as planned and normal performance was observed up to an altitude of 2.
1 km.
subsequently, communication from lander to the ground stations was lost.
data is being analyzed.
#isro  isro (@isro) september 6, 20192:46 am ist nation stands by the entire team of isro as we wait in these tense times: congress the nation stands by the entire team of @isro as we wait in these tense times.
your hard work and commitment has made our nation proud.
jai hind.
#chandrayaan2landing  congress (@incindia) september 6, 20192:40 am ist proud of our scientists!
theyve given their best: pm modi india is proud of our scientists!
theyve given their best and have always made india proud.
these are moments to be courageous, and courageous we will be!
chairman @isro gave updates on chandrayaan-2.
we remain hopeful and will continue working hard on our space programme.
narendra modi (@narendramodi) september 6, 20192:36 am ist proud of our scientists, theyve created history: arvind kejriwal we are proud of our scientists.
they have created history.
no need to lose heart.
our scientists have done a great job.
jai hind!
arvind kejriwal (@arvindkejriwal) september 6, 20192:35 am ist we are proud of you isro: rajyavardhan rathore reacting to indias lunar mission, bjp mp rajyavardhan rathore said, we are proud of you #isro , there is no failure that is final, ability to take a step forward is in itself a step towards success.
we are proud of you #isro , there is no failure that is final, ability to take a step forward is in itself a step towards success.
kudos to our pm @narendramodi ji, a true leader, being present personally and bucking up the morale of our scientists   rajyavardhan rathore (@ra_thore) september 6, 20192:27 am ist the nation is proud of you, hope for the best: pm modi on chandrayaan-2 talking to the scientists and students at isro headquarters after india lost touch with vikram lander, pm modi said, there are ups and downs in life.
this is not a small achievement.
the nation in proud of you.
hope for the best.
i congratulate you.
you all have done a big service to nation, science and mankind.
i am with you all the way, move forward bravely.
pm modi pats the back of @isro chairman k sivan.
says, this is not a small achievement what you have done.
your effort is commendable and we hope for the best.
we have learnt something today.
you have served the country, science, and the mankind very well.
@httweets  anonna dutt (@anonnadutt) september 6, 20192:19 am ist communication lost with vikram lander at 2.
1 km from lunar surface.
chandrayaan-2 landing, reports ani.
the descent of the #vikramlander was happening as planned as planned and normal descent was observed till 2.
1 km.
subsequently, the communication was lost.
the data is being analysed: said @isro chairman k sivan #chandrayaan2landing @httweets  anonna dutt (@anonnadutt) september 6, 20191:58 am ist isro chairman briefing the prime minister narendra modi everybody anxious at the mission control room.
studying the numbers from #vikram descent trajectory.
#chandrayaan2landing pm being briefed.
announcement to be made soon.
@httweets  anonna dutt (@anonnadutt) september 6, 20191:49 am ist rough braking phase completed by vikram lander1:47 am ist vikram 50-60 kilometres away from the landing site1:45 am ist isro: orbiter velocity has been reduced, it should come down to 146 in the next 3 minutes.
1:44 am ist isro: first 6 minutes have elapsed, 4 minutes to go during the braking phase.
1:42 am ist 4 minutes have elapsed since vikram landers moon descent began on board computers are guiding vikram through its descent trajectory to the moon: isro powered descent - rough braking of #vikramlander begins.
#isro  isro (@isro) september 6, 20191:38 am ist descent begins, altitude is 30 kms from moon chandrayaan-2s final descent begins and the space mission is at a distance of 30 kilometres from moon.
1:32 am ist pm modi watches soft landing of vikram lander at isro headquarters pm modi watches the soft landing of vikram lander on south pole region of moon at the isro centre in bengaluru.
karnataka: pm modi at the #isro centre in bengaluru to watch the soft landing of vikram lander on south pole region of moon.
60 students from across the country, who were selected through isro's 'space quiz' competition will watch the landing along with pm.
#chandrayaan2 pic.
twitter.com/e166merf9x  ani (@ani) september 6, 20191:29 am ist good luck, says jeff bezos before indias moon landing amazon founder and blue origin ceo jeff bezos on saturday wished india good luck as the scientists at the indian space research organisation (isro) got ready for the landing of indias moon lander vikram at the south pole of the lunar surface.
rooting for team india.
good luck, india!
#chandrayaan2, tweeted bezos.
1:23 am ist pm modi arrives at istrac headquarters pm modi has arrived at isros tracking and command centre in bengaluru.
isro chief k sivan briefs him about the status of the mission.
pm @narendramodi arrives at indian space research organisation (isro) headquarters in bengaluru to watch the final descent of #chandrayaan2 on the moons surfacefollow live updates here: https://t.
co/b3ctfrqv1c#vikramlander pic.
twitter.com/pbvqnpdzlr  hindustan times (@httweets) september 6, 20191:10 am ist here are the inside visuals from isro headquarters as the countdown begins #watch live from karnataka: visuals from isro as lander vikram is set to begin its final descent on the south pole of the moon.
https://t.
co/wfib0itdzh  ani (@ani) september 6, 201900:45 am ist chandrayaan 2 will position india as a global powerhouse: ex-nasa astronaut former nasa astronaut linenger, who has spent five months aboard the russian space station mir and has survived the most severe fire on an orbiting spacecraft has said that chandrayaan 2 will awaken the outside world to say wow, india is a powerhouse.
read full interview here.
00:30 am ist 2 kerala students among dozens selected to watch moon landing two students from kerala are among dozens of students from across the country selected by isro through an online quiz to watch the final descent of the lander vikram as it happens from the space agencys telemetry tracking and command network at bengaluru.
shivani s prabhu is a class 10 student of holy angels isc school at nearby nanthancode was selected along with ahmed thanveer, a class 9 student of army public school, kannur, to witness indias historic moment along with prime minister narendra modi.
00:10 am ist chandrayaan 2 to land on moon tonight: indias feat explained in 10 points in just a few hours from now indias second lunar mission-- chandrayaan 2s lander will attempt to touchdown on the moons south polar region making the country only the fourth nation to land a spacecraft on the lunar surface till date.
read indias feat explained in 10 points here.
23:55 pm ist chandrayaan 2 moon landing: here is a timeline of indias historic mission chandrayaan 2, indias second moon mission, is slated to create history early saturday when its `vikram module makes a soft landing on moons south polar region.
you can read the timeline of the historic mission here.
23:48 pm ist less than 3 hours to go !
: excited isro tweets building up the excitement, isro tweeted the countdown as india preps for its feat on moon with chandrayaan-2.
less than 3 hours to go !
watch the live telecast from 1:15 am ist on our website https://t.
co/h6xisf2tip and on dd national.
live streaming also available on:youtube: https://t.
co/xzjitflyhz, facebook: https://t.
co/zugxqagonq pic.
twitter.com/8wq1ll6nya  isro (@isro) september 6, 201923:44 pm ist bengaluru over the moon as india braces for soft-landing excitement is building up in bengaluru, as indias moon lander vikram braces for a slow descent and soft-landing near the moons south pole in the wee hours of saturday, followed by the rollout of its rover pragyan for a stroll after dawn.
a sort of countdown is underway for the grand finale of the chandrayaan-2 mission for vikram to touch down between 1:30-2:30 a.
m.
on saturday in a maiden attempt and for pragyan to step out of it 3-4 hours later to roll over the lunar surface, an official of the indian space research organisation (isro) told ians here on friday.
11:40 pm ist being part of chandrayaan-2 mission was great experience: isro scientist nirbhay kumar upadhyay, a scientist who was a part of chandrayaan-2 mission, on friday said that his experience of working for this mission was very delightful and it was a great learning experience for him.
payloads are the instruments which give the scientific output for any mission.
in vikram lander, we have three payloads and i am part of one of the payloads and i have worked for the mechanical system of that payload.
my experience while working for this mission was very delightful and exciting, the seniors are very helpful, said upadhyay.
10:57 pm ist pragyaan will carry out various tests on lunar surface a few hours after chandrayaan-2s landing module vikram touches down on the moon early saturday, rover pragyaan will emerge from the lander and roll out onto the lunar surface.
the touchdown of vikram is scheduled between 1.
30 am and 2.
30 am, followed by the rollout of rover between 5.
30 a.
m and 6.
30 a.
m.
9:45 pm ist pm modi arrives in bengaluru ahead of chandrayaan-2s soft landing pm modi reached yelahanka airbase in bengaluru hours ahead of the chandrayaan-2s soft landing and was welcomed by chief minister bs yediyurappa.
the prime minister will be at the indian space research organisation (isro) headquarters in bengaluru on saturday to watch the final descent of chandrayaan-2 on the moons surface.
7:55 pm ist lucknowites over the moon ahead of chandrayaan-2 touchdown lucknow will celebrate a dual connect with indias ambitious lunar mission.
mission director ritu karidhal srivastava, who did her msc in physics from the university of lucknow, and young rashi verma, the daughter of a farmer who has been chosen to watch the landing along with prime minister narendra modi at isros bengaluru headquarters.
7:41 pm ist chennai students eager to witness chandrayaan-2s landing on moon school students from chennai have expressed delight and excitement as only a few hours are left for chandrayaan-2s soft-landing on the lunar surface.
koushik a student said, chandrayyan 2 also called vikram has completed almost 90 per cent of its mission and its all set to land on the surface of the moon at 1:55 in the midnight, and it will examine all the area of the moon.
at this proud moment, i want to say thanks to isros k sivan who has put a lot of efforts.
7:36 pm ist special prayers held for vikrams successful landing seeking the moon god chandrans blessings for the successful landing of indias moon lander vikram, special prayers were held at the chandranaar temple in tamil nadus thanjavur district, said a temple official.
we had a special abhishekam and archana today (friday) evening, seeking the divine blessings of chandran, said v. kannan, manager at the sri kailasanathan temple or the chandranaar temple.
7:30 pm ist scientists eagerly await chandrayaan-2 landing as the landing of indias second lunar mission chandrayaan 2 comes closer, the indian scientific community awaits the moment with eager anticipation.
director of mp birla auditorium, kolkata, dr debiprasad duari said,  it is a historical day for every indian because we know that chandrayaan-2 will make a successful landing tonight at 1.
55 am.
the scientific community is very much interested to know about its findings because previously chandrayaan 1 gave us a lot of information about the moon.
7:15 pm ist vikram, orbiter extend good wishes to each other an animated picture posted on the indian space research organisations (isro) social media handle shows the lunar orbiter saying at the time of releasing lander vikram: it was great travelling with you so far vikram.
best of luck!
i hope you reach the south pole soon.
to this vikram replies, it was quite the journey indeed!
ill see you around - in the orbit.
6:47 pm ist chandrayaan 2 will position india as a global powerhouse: ex-nasa astronaut talking to hts anonna dutt, former nasa astronaut jerry m linenger said, chandrayaan-2 mission goes beyond the people of india.
it advances the knowledge of all of mankind.
with chandrayaan 2, we will find out more about the south pole of the moon.
it adds to the existing knowledge base and will be very helpful for the decades to come for all space-faring countries that are out there exploring.
6:46 pm ist why are we going to the moon?
isro tells us according to the isro, the moon is the closest comic body on which space discovery can be documented.
it is also a promising test bed to demonstrate technologies required for deep-space missions.
5:34 pm ist we are landing where no one has gone before: isro chief k sivan the indian space research organisation (isro) chief k sivan on friday said that vikram module of chandrayaan-2 will reach the moon at a place where no one else has gone before and expressed confidence about its soft landing.
were going to land at a place where no one else has gone before.
were confident about the soft landing.
were waiting for tonight, said sivan while speaking to ani.
5:30 pm ist what makes isros chandrayaan-2 mission so special?
after chandrayaan-1 (2008) and the mars orbiter mission (2013), chandrayaan 2 will be indias third mission to a celestial body and the first to land on one.
it will also be the first flight of the geosynchronous satellite launch vehicle mark iii rocket after its induction into isros operational fleet of launch vehicles.
the indigenous rover and lander on chandrayaan 2 will be indias first step towards robotic space exploration.
read the full story here.
5:20 ist 5 feet tall ganesha idol inspired by chandrayaan 2 installed in hyderabad a ganesh idol has been installed in the city by future foundation society to mark the launch of chandrayaan-2, the lunar mission, by indian space research organization (isro), on the occasion of ganesh chaturthi festival.
hyderabad, telangana: ganesha pandal inspired by #chandrayaan2 installed in the city.
a 5 feet tall ganesha idol is placed inside miniature satellite of 23.
5 feet length.
#ganeshachaturthi pic.
twitter.com/smzybpx26c  ani (@ani) september 6, 20193:30 pm ist chandrayaan 2 theme lord ganpati pandal has been set up in mumbai chandrayaan2 theme lord ganpati pandal has been set up in mumbai.
maharashtra: #chandrayaan2 theme lord ganpati 'pandal' has been set up in mumbai.
#ganeshchaturthi pic.
twitter.com/c4en64rkra  ani (@ani) september 6, 20193:10 pm ist chandrayaan 2 to land where no one else has gone before: isro chairman k sivan were going to land at a place where no one else has gone before.
were confident about the soft landing.
were waiting for tonight, says isro chairman k sivan.
indian space research organisation (isro) chairman k sivan to ani on #chandrayaan2landing: we're going to land at a place where no one else has gone before.
we're confident about the soft landing.
we're waiting for tonight.
(file pic) pic.
twitter.com/rfblwnkgjp  ani (@ani) september 6, 20193:00 pm ist chandrayaan an attempt to divert attention from economic disaster: mamatabanerjee as if the chandrayaan launch is the first in the country.
as if before they came to power, no such missions were taken up.
it is an attempt to divert attention from economic disaster, says west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjee.
west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee in state assembly: as if the chandrayaan launch is the first in the country.
as if before they came to power, no such missions were taken up.
it is an attempt to divert attention from economic disaster.
(file pic) pic.
twitter.com/f4sjba2pwl  ani (@ani) september 6, 20192:30 pm ist with chandrayaan-2, we are doing soft landing: former isro scientist nambi narayanan chandrayan-1, if you compare it with chandrayaan-2, basic difference is, here we are doing soft landing, says former isro scientist nambi narayanan.
former isro scientist nambi narayanan: chandrayan-1, if you compare it with chandrayaan-2, basic difference is, here we are doing soft landing.
the former was done by pslv and here we are using gslv mk iii, meaning that we have more payload capability.
pic.
twitter.com/aymzxb0xgx  ani (@ani) september 6, 201902:05 pm ist pm modi: extremely excited to be at the isro centre in bengaluru i am extremely excited to be at the isro centre in bengaluru to witness the extraordinary moment in the history of indias space programme.
i am extremely excited to be at the isro centre in bengaluru to witness the extraordinary moment in the history of indias space programme.
youngsters from different states will also be present to watch those special moments!
there would also be youngsters from bhutan.
narendra modi (@narendramodi) september 6, 201902:04 pm ist pm modi: i urge you all to watch the special moments of chandrayaan - 2 prime minister narendra modi: i urge you all to watch the special moments of chandrayaan - 2 descending on to the lunar south pole!
i urge you all to watch the special moments of chandrayaan - 2 descending on to the lunar south pole!
do share your photos on social media.
i will re-tweet some of them too.
trinamool congress supremo and west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee monday said that jai shri ram is the bjps slogan and it is trying to force everybody to chant it.
does ramchandra become bjps election agent when election comes?
the fiery tmc supremo asked at public rallies here.
none can be forced to chant what narendra modi or bjp want, she said adding that west bengals culture has never been what the saffron party is trying to make it.
the slogan of the people of bengal is vandemataram of bankim chandra chattopadhyay and jai hind of netaji subhas chandra bose, she said.
why should i give your slogan?
i will not chant the name of rotten modi or rotten bjp.
watch: frustrated didi jailing those who chant jai sri ram: pm modi slams mamataa video has appeared in the social media that shows mamatabanerjee stopping her car at a place in west midnapore district and chasing some persons who chanted jai shri ram as her carcade was passing the area.
prime minister narendra modi addressing rallies at jhargram and tamluk in the state monday said that in bengal people are not allowed to chant jai shri ram and that saying it in public places is regarded as a crime here.
when we do durga puja we say jay ma durga, when we do kali puja we say jay ma kali but we do not give any particular slogan always like the bjp, she said.
taking a dig at the saffron partys vow to construct a ram temple at ayodhya, she said that while she has renovated kali temples at dakshineswar, tarapith and kankalitala in the state bjp has not been able to set up a single ram temple in the country in five years though they chant jai shri ram.
the chief minister said that in 2015, 2016 and 2017 there were floods in the state but no relief was given to it by the modi government despite several demands by her.
he (modi) wants us to go to jhargram (where he held a public meeting monday) to discuss the situation related to the cyclone.
he will sip tea and i will have to sit beside him and have pictures clicked.
why should i go?
she asked.
he has come before the elections.
he is bypassing the chief minister and calling the chief secretary, who is under the chief minister and not the prime minister, she said.
rajiv gandhi died for the country.
you may not like him but you should give respect to a departed leader, mamatabanerjee , who was given prominence as a young firebrand leader during her days in the congress by the former prime minister, said.
she questioned the language used by modi asking how can a prime minister say she is a tolabaj, (extortionist) you (modi) say tmc is tolabaj.
is this the language to be used by a prime minister.
if i am tolabaj, what are you, your hands are bloodied with communal riots in gujarat, she said.
soon, patients dying or suffering at private hospitals and nursing homes in bengal because of negligence or bad management will have to be financially compensated.
and, health establishments will face penal action, ranging from criminal proceedings to cancellation of licence, if found guilty of negligence and extortion.
taking a major step towards bringing private hospitals, nursing homes, maternity homes et al under strict government surveillance, the bengal government placed the west bengal clinical establishments (registration, regulation and transparency) bill, 2017 at the assembly on friday and got it passed after a brief debate.
this bill will become the national model some day.
i had no intention to interfere in the business of private hospitals.
but enough is enough.
educating our children and youth should be their only priority but i keep getting complaints, she said, adding that she would meet heads of educational institutions after state and central board examinations are over.
the 25-page bill has introduced severe penalty - ranging from monetary compensation to proceedings under the indian penal code and seizure of property - if patients suffer or die because of negligence or bad management or, forced to pay inflated bills.
doctors and staff at state-run hospitals face action when they are at fault.
the same should apply to their counterparts in private hospitals.
if these institutions ask doctors to violate medical ethics they should put in their papers and join government hospitals, said banerjee.
it is logical that the clinical establishments would levy fees and charges for the services.
but such charges should be reasonable with the objective of covering the cost of provision of services besides generating a decent surplus.
the government is of the view that health care services is not a commercial proposition; it is a service or seva which should be delivered to service recipients with humility and human touch.
life is precious and there can be no monetary value attached to human health, says the bill.
the commission will be headed by an acting or former high court judge or acting or former chief secretary.
citizens will also have representatives among 12 other members.
(subhankar chakraborty/ht photo)while meeting ceos of kolkatas top private hospitals two weeks ago, mamatabanerjee had promised that she would introduce a new bill and set up a regulatory body.
the move was welcomed by millions across the state.
on friday, she mentioned in the house specific cases of negligence and extortion by private institutions and named apollo hospital in kolkata several times in her speech.
when i was admitted at a nursing home, an mri test showed my appendix though it had been removed years ago.
i was shocked, she said, refusing to name the establishment.
the existing west bengal clinical establishment (registration and regulation) act, 2010, which was introduced by the erstwhile left front government would be repealed.
your law stood neither here nor there.
the most salient feature of the new bill is formation of the west bengal clinical establishment regulatory commission which will not only work as the watchdog body but will also address complaints from patients and order action against private institutions.
significantly, the bill says that the commissions orders cannot be challenged in any civil court.
this is being done to establish accountability and transparency, to stop hospitals from shifting patients to icu, iccu and ventilation rooms purely to inflate bills.
they have stopped treating patients as humans.
the line is now being drawn, said banerjee.
the commission will be headed by an acting or former high court judge or acting or former chief secretary.
citizens will also have representatives among 12 other members.
the commission has been given the power to slap fine of up to rs 50 lakh if charges of negligence or malpractice are proved.
the bill has proposed compensation of at least rs 10 lakh in case of deaths caused by negligence, rs 5 lakh for major injury and rs 3 lakh for not-so-severe injury.
no private establishment will be allowed to refuse treatment to victims of rape, acid attack accident and natural disaster, says the bill.
also, in cases like these, hospitals cannot ask for money during admission.
the bill also states that treatment cannot be stopped if patients run out of money and in cases like these hospitals will have to bear the cost of life-saving drugs.
for diagnosed patients, hospitals will have to provide fixed monetary packages for treatment of specific disease or an operation and cannot charge more than what has been promised in the package.
i know that treatment cant come free.
but there has to some logic.
bills for pathological tests cannot run into lakhs.
hospitals will have to set up grievance cells to tackle complaints, said banerjee.
interestingly, rupali basu, ceo of apollo hospital, one of the states biggest private establishments that is facing probe following the death of a patient, resigned on thursday.
the victim, 32-year-old sanjay roy, died at sskm hospital on february 23 shortly after he was shifted there from apollo where his family was forced to keep property deeds and fixed deposit certificates as security since they had no more money.
the family alleged that roy died because of the delay in his release.
doctors at apollo have informed me that their ceo has resigned.
alls well that ends well, said the chief minister, mentioning the death of roy and alleging that another patient at apollo was charged rs 24,000 for a drug that retails for rs 10,000.
the governments new bill also states that hospitals cannot stop dead bodies from being released under any circumstance.
i vividly remember how the body of an actor was not given to the family.
i had to intervene, said the chief minister.
prime minister narendra modi on tuesday termed mamatabanerjee a speed breaker in the way of west bengals development.
mamata hit back within a few hours calling the pm expiry babu and pointing out that the tenure of the present government has come to an end.
if the bharatiya janata party (bjp) returns to power in 2019, lok sabha polls will not be held anymore because they will change the indian constitution, the trinamool congress chief declared at her first election rally of the season on wednesday, even as modi addressed two back-to-back public meetings in north bengal and kolkata.
unleashing a scathing attack on her principal adversary, mamatabanerjee called modi fascist, communal, a rioter and anti-poor, shortly after the prime minister addressed his first rally in siliguri and flew down to kolkata to address the second.
watch:pm modi takes a jibe at mamatabanerjee , calls her speed breaker didishe referred to modi as expiry babu several times, in a bid to drive home the point that the tenure of the present government has come to an end.
also read: in bengal, pm modi calls mamatabanerjee speed breaker didi, urges people to remove herbanerjee, who was speaking in dinhata in north bengal, began her address when pm modi was halfway through his speech in kolkata.
most of her 40-minute speech focused on pm modi, whom she accused of misleading people and using the armed forces for political gains.
you claim to be chowkidar (security guard) of the country.
in that case, why did you fail to protect the soldiers who died in pulwama, despite having intelligence inputs on the terror attack?
what right do you have to call our armed forces the modi sena?
banerjee said.
the bengal cm made sarcastic remarks about the prime ministers clothes, a television channel named after him and the money spent on the election campaign by the bjp.
but do not vote for them.
also read:who is modi to ask?
trinamool congress on wednesday won four municipalities in west bengal- one in darjeeling hills and three in the plains- while gorkha janmukti morcha (gjm) captured three civic bodies in the hills including darjeeling.
the seven civic bodies voted on sunday but the election was marred by unprecedented violence that left several people injured and pit the states opposition parties against the bengal election chief.
in the hills of darjeeling, kurseong, kalimpong and mirik, the fight was billed as one between bengal and gorkhaland, a reference to a 100-year-old demand for a separate state for the mountain districts.
below are the live updates:1:05pm: chief minister mamatabanerjee announces new era in the hills, says the trinamool congress will work sincerely.
the hills are smiling, she says.
congratulations to ma mati manush for again & again putting their trust in us.
we are honored, privileged & humbled #verdictofbengal 1/4  mamatabanerjee (@mamataofficial) may 17, 201712:45pm:this is the final tally for the civic pollsthe trinamool congress won four civic bodies while the gjm-bjp combine won three.
12:35pm: calcutta high court throws out petition by congress to cancel civic poll results.
12:05pm: the calcutta high court is set to start hearing a petition by congress to cancel polling and nullify the results on account of large-scale violence and allegations of booth capturing.
12:00pm: final tally of civic polls out: trinamool congress wins four (domkal, mirik, raiganj and pujali), bjp-gjm combine win three (darjeeling, kalimpong and kurseong) all in the hills.
tmc workers celebrate after winning mirik municipal election.
tmc won 6 out of 9 wards, gjm won 3.
pic.
twitter.com/mim52tu6tl  ani (@ani_news) may 17, 201711:45am: in domkal, two candidates of the congress-left camp won but immediately switched to the trinamool congress.
11:42am: gjm trounces trinamool congress in kalimpong municipality .
out of 23 wards, bjp ally won 18, an independent backed by gjm won one ward.
trinamool and jan andolan party won 2 each11:35am: bjp alleges polls werent free and fair and blames trinamool congress.
if the poll was free and fair then we could have won pujali municipality.
now there will be direct contest between bjp and tmc, bjp state chief dilip ghosh tells cnn news 18.
10:45am: people of bengal have yet again reposed their faith on the development initiatives of mamatabanerjee , says trinamool congress after four municipality wins.
10:38am: trinamool congress has won just two seats in darjeeling.
party rebel and jan andolan party founder harka bahadur chhetris outfit has won two.
gjm-bjp combine celebrates after winning 31 out of 32 municipal seats in darjeeling, the biggest and most important of the hill towns.
(ht photo)10:35am:gorkha janmukti morcha (gjm)-bjp headed for a victory in kalimpong too, has won 10 out of 23 wards already.
10:33am: the way mamatabanerjee has repeatedly visited the hills and interacted with the people is remarkable.
people have naturally supported us, says senior trinamool congress leader partha chatterjee10:25am: gjm-bjp wins 31 out of 32 municipal seats in darjeeling, the biggest and most important of the hill towns.
trinamool wins 1.
10:18am: the people of bengal have yet again rejected the opposition forces and ploys to play divisive politics, says trinamool congress#verdictofbengal trinamool all the way | https://t.
co/e6jugaq5fr pic.
twitter.com/redcglsuzd  aitc (@aitcofficial) may 17, 201710:15am: we are heading for comprehensive victory in the hills.
the mandate also proves that the people of the hills want a separate state of gorkhaland.
mirik is a small civic body, says topden bhutia, leader of the gjm in kalimpong.
10:13am: gjm-bjp combine headed for massive victories in darjeeling and kalimpong.
alliance has already won kurseong.
10:09am: this victory of trinamool was expected.
the party that ruled bengal for 34 years did not go to the hills.
forget the chief minister, even ministers did not visit the hills, says trinamool congress secretary general and education minister partha chatterjee.
10:05am: final results out for domkal municipality in murshidabad that went to civic polls for the first time.
trinamool congress wins 20 out of 21 seats, congress-left combine wins 1.
bjp none.
10:01am: senior trinamool leader subhendu adhikari describes partys wins as a victory against communal forces9:58am: the four victories will bolster chief minister mamatabanerjee , who is fighting a series of corruption allegations and asked people to vote based on her record of development9.
50am: gorkha janmukti morcha, an ally of bjp, opens its account.
wins kurseong municipality by bagging 17 out of 20 seats.
9:48am: so far, the ruling trinamool congress has won four of seven municipalities and 60 wards out of 73 (or 82 ) in mirik, domkal, pujali and raiganj.
9:45am: trinamool congress has won 18 out of 21 seats in domkal municipality in murshidabad.
9:43am: trinamool congress wins pujali municipality in south 24 parganas.
9:40am: trinamool congress wins in domkal municipality amid allegations of rigging and booth capturing.
9:36am: all eyes are on domkol municipality, where massive violence, allegations of booth capturing and bomb blasts marred polls.
congress has withdrawn its candidate.
#verdictofbengal wards declared so far:mirik 9/9, tmc 6domkal 18/21, tmc 18pujali 13/16, tmc 9raiganj 20/27, tmc 15  aitc (@aitcofficial) may 17, 20179:31 am: the victory of tmc in mirik proves that the people of the hills have reposed their faith in the chief minister.
during campaigning the residents used to tell us that development always bypasses mirik, says state public works minister aroop biswas9:29am: raiganj civic polls were marred by violence that left two people injured after bomb blasts.
the bjp had withdrawn its candidates.
tmc has won 24 out of 27 seats.
9:27am: raiganj was a stronghold of the congress and its senior state leader deepa dasmunsi, wife of former union minister priya ranjan dasmunsi.
9:23am: tmc wins raiganj municipality in north dinajpur municipality.
it trounced the opposition in 22 of the 27 wards.
9:20am: this is a historic victory.
it belongs to the people of the hills and chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjee.
a mainstream political party winning a civic body in the hills after three decades is historic indeed: gautam deb, tourism minister and tmc president of darjeeling district9:01am: the gorkha janmukti morcha-bjp combine won three wards in mirik9:00am: the trinamool congress surges to a victory in north bengals mirik civic body by winning six out of nine wards.
this is the first time in 30 years that a party from the plains won in the hills torn apart by a decades-long movement for a separate state.
the alipore court in kolkata issued a bailable arrest warrant against union minister of state for heavy industries babul supriyo on friday in a case filed against him by trinamool congress mla mahua moitra on january 4.
the development comes a day after the police submitted a charge sheet showing supriyo as an absconder.
moitra has alleged that supriyo tried to insult her modesty during a live debate on a national tv channel.
the charge sheet was submitted on thursday.
the court was informed that the minister did not turn up before the investigating officer even after he was summoned thrice, said a senior kolkata police officer.
the warrant, however, has been issued under bailable section (509 ipc dealing with word, gesture or act intended to insult the modesty of a woman).
supriyo may either surrender at any police station or court or may move the calcutta high court seeking quashing of the warrant, legal experts said.
responding to the development on social media, supriyo tweeted: chargesheet filed against me for asking mohua mitra mohua r u on mohua while she was spewing venom against me & namo.
he also tweeted it in bengali, his mother tongue.
the singer-turned-politician is an mp from asansol and union minister of state for heavy industries and public enterprises.
supriyo had told moitra during a tv channel debate, mahua, are you on mahua (a strong country liquor)?
moitra lodged a police complaint on january 4.
supriyo described her response as childish.
the junior minister also sent a defamation notice to moitra and two trinamool mps, sougata roy and tapas pal, on january 10, for alleging that he was involved in the rose valley ponzi fund scam.
following the arrest of pal and trinamool mp sudip bandyopadhyay in the rose valley scam case, trinamool congress leaders of various ranks, including party chief mamatabanerjee , started demanding a cbi probe against supriyo as well.
doctors of the all india institute of medical sciences (aiims) on monday announced that they will go on a strike in solidarity with doctors across the country who are boycotting work in protest against violence against them in west bengal.
aiims doctors who had earlier said they would not be participating in the strike, said they will withdraw elective services from 12 noon today till 6 am on tuesday, a statement issued by the resident doctors association (rda) of aiims said today.
emergency services including casualty, icu and labour room services will, however, not be affected.
the decision by aiims doctors was taken in an emergency meeting early on monday and comes amid allegations that a junior resident doctor at the emergency department of jai prakash narain apex trauma centre (jpnatc) at aiims, delhi, was abused by the relatives of a patient at around 1:30 am on sunday for performing his rightful duty of giving preferential care to a critical patient.
we remain dedicated to the primary reason of serving humanity to our fullest potential.
the incident at emergency department, trauma centre, aiims where a junior resident was assaulted for performing his rightful duty of giving preferential care to a critical patient, was efficiently managed with the support of aiims administration in letter and spirit, the rda said.
but this event made us rethink about the warfront- like conditions faced by our fellow medicos elsewhere, where they are usually left alone to fight for their lives while saving those of the sick and even where the basic security measures like cctv surveillance and special security deployment at emergency and icus are nonexistent, the rda statement added.
doctors across india strike work in support of bengal stir: follow live updates herethe association said it has decided to continue active association with the movement to ensure safety and security of doctors is essential for it to materialize into legal concrete results of bringing a central act for violence against doctors by the government of india, which includes invoking stringent penal actions against the culprits.
the association has further urged the west bengal administration to fulfil the demands of striking doctors and resolve the matter amicably at the earliest.
protesting junior doctors in west bengal sought an immediate end to this impasse and agreed for talks with chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjee.
on saturday, west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee had accepted the protesting doctors demands and promised to not invoke the stringent essential services maintenance act (esma) against them for not performing their duties and urged them to resume work immediately.
indian medical association (ima), countrys largest medical body is holding a nationwide strike today against the alleged attacks on doctors in west bengal.
it has urged for the formulation of a comprehensive law for the enactment of protection law for the doctors and amendment in the indian penal code (ipc) and code of criminal procedure (crpc).
it also wants security measures to be specified.
the doctors strike in west bengal has entered its seventh day today and has spread to other parts of the country too.
the doctors at aiims also took out a protest on the campus this morning.
meanwhile, doctors at jaipuria hospital in jaipur are also on strike today.
doctors at sir sayajirao general hospital in vadodara hold protest outside out patient department today.
this story has been published from a wire agency feed without modifications to the text.
only the headline has been changed.
indiaupdated: jul 31, 2019 09:30 isthyderabad-based all india majlis-e-ittehadul muslimeen (aimim) has decided to contest the 2021 west bengal elections and asked chief minister mamatabanerjee - chief of the trinamool congress (tmc) - to decide whether she considers the party as a friend or a foe.
the aimim, led by asaduddin owaisi, has never contested any election in bengal and has no formal committee there.
it is true that we are fewer in number, but do not dare touch us.
we are atom bombs.
didi, we welcome your friendship and enmity as well.
you have to decide whether you consider us friends or foes, aimim national spokesperson and bengal observer, asim waqar, tweeted in hindi.
there has been some tension between the two parties since an aimim all-bengal workers meet scheduled at nazrul mancha, a state-government run auditorium, was cancelled at the last minute.
no official at nazrul mancha was ready to speak on the matter since the auditorium is under the information and culture department headed by the chief minister.
bjp bengal unit general secretary sayantan basu said the aimim was merely trying to bargain with the tmc for an electoral understanding.
west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee has once again added her voice to the growing demand for an investigation into the alleged tampering of electronic voting machines (evms) in the recently-concluded assembly elections.
you cant win elections every time by hijacking evms. i didnt contest but had i done so, i would have counted from 1 to 10.
those who had contested the elections should have demanded a probe, she said at a public rally in kharagpur in west midnapore district on monday.
i think there should be a probe.
even the ones that were used in the polls, they should be subjected to a sample survey, she added.
her comments came close on the heels of delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal and congress allegations about faulty evms. they have even said that the tampered evms affected their performance in the assembly elections.
on monday, kejriwal asked the election commission to release the evms for an investigation into allegations of tampering and rigging and said his experts can show in 72 hours how the machines could be tampered to suit a political party.
the poll panel rejected kejriwal allegations as completely baseless and said that they were made without verifying the facts.
several political parties have raised doubts over the reliability of the evms after the bharatiya janata partys (bjps) unexpectedly massive victory in uttar pradesh elections last month.
bahujan samaj party chief mayawati had also blamed faulty evms for her partys rout in the up assembly elections.
kejriwal, the samajwadi party as well as the congress had echoed those allegations.
at the time, the poll watchdog had rejected the charge.
these parties have demanded that evms should not be used for elections unless equipped with a voter-verifiable paper audit trail (vvpat) facility.
the issue of faulty evms in back in the news after reports that a vvpat machine used during a trial in madhya pradeshs bhind only dispensed slips with the ruling bjps poll symbol.
at a time when the state government began to breathe easy after near elimination of cpi(maoist) cadres nn bengal, a little-known naxalite faction has emerged to lead a high-profile land agitation near kolkata giving sleepless night to intelligence officers.
cpi(ml) (red star), a naxalite outfit that has contested elections has token presence in kerala and west bengal, has become the key organiser of a movement of villagers demanding cancellation of a power grid project designed to transmit electricity through high tension overhead lines.
all the leaders of the movement belong to the cpi(ml) (red star).
we never monitored their activities because they held little influence, a senior police officer told ht on the condition of anonymity.
though the project is of power grid corporation of india, a central psu, the mamatabanerjee administration wants to ensure the smooth passage of the project.
the villagers are demanding that the land occupied by the transmission towers be returned to them.
the leaders the police are keeping a close watch on are alik chakraborty, sharmistha chowdhury and pradip singh thakur, all leaders of the red star faction of cpi(ml).
the leader of the party is k n ramachandran, who hails from kerala.
thakur and chakraborty are politburo members of the party and choudhury a central committee member.
chakraborty is also the spokesperson of the committee spearheading the movement.
the movement spearheaded by jami, jibika, poribesh o bastutantra raksha committee (committee to secure land, livelihood, environment and ecosystem) started gaining momentum in november 2016.
by december, chief minister mamatabanerjee instructed two influential ministers from south 24-parganas district, kolkata mayor cum environment minister sovan chatterjee and food processing minister abdur rejjak mollah, a former prominent leader of the district, to speak to the agitators and pacify them.
so far the tmc leaders have failed in their mission, and the movement gained momentum in the past few days.
thousands are gathering whenever the committee gives a call for blockade or gathering.
prominent human rights activist sujato bhadra, who also played a role in singur and nandigram agitations led by mamatabanerjee , joined the protesters.
several human rights groups, university students have also joined the agitation.
the outfits presence in bengal has been so insignificant that when its candidate shikha sen roy contested the 2014 lok sabha elections from dumdum constituency, she got only 1,544 votes - the least among all candidates.
according to the protesters, 16 acres of land was acquired for the power grid two years ago, mostly without any protest because local toughs were involved in the process.
protests started in october 2016 when farmers refused to allow the authorities to set up electricity towers on their fields.
on tuesday, thousands of villagers clashed with the police and rained brickbats on them when cops went to disperse agitators blocking a few roads in the area.
the protests are centred around the villages of khamarait, machhi bhanga, tona and gazipur of polerhat-ii panchayat in bhangar assembly constituency.
according to local farmer rahman ali mondal, the landowners are not only worried that setting up towers on their land will bring down the price but also fear of extremely harmful effects under the strong magnetic fields created by high tension lines.
the power grid corporation of india ltd is constructing the rajarhat 400/220 kv substation to transmit power between west bengal and purnia in bihar.
the transmission lines from rajarhat will pass over 80 villages of seven districts of west bengal, before entering into pakur district of the state of jharkhand.
the nine to twelve transmission lines coming out of the rajarhat grid will affect more than 30,000 lives only in south 24 parganas, alik chakraborty told a gathering of nearly 10,000 people who blocked a major road on january 11.
according to nisha biswas, a scientist who has joined the movement, high tension lines create strong electromagnetic fields (emf).
the emf can extend to about 300 meters and is the strongest directly under the power lines, and gradually fades away with increasing distance.
many have experienced mild electric shocks while walking under lines while walking with an umbrella even on a clear day.
the field is so high that if one places florescent tube under the current carrying high voltage wire, it lights itself without any electric connection.
hours before the final phase of polling west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee wrote to the election commission on saturday and urged the poll body to ensure peaceful and impartial elections in the state without the interference of the bharatiya janata party (bjp).
polling will be held in nine lok sabha constituencies in and around the city that is considered a trinamool congress (tmc) stronghold.
a bitter fight for the state has seen pitched battles between the tmc and bjp workers on the streets of kolkata and the ec cutting short campaigning by a day and replacing top officials.
in the final phase of the election tomorrow, i would request your good office to kindly ensure that election is completed peacefully, impartially and without any undue interference of the central government and any intervention by the ruling party at the centre, mamatabanerjee wrote.
referring to bjp president amit shahs roadshow in kolkata on may 14, after which vidyasagar college was vandalised and a bust of the 19th century social reformer broken, mamatabanerjee alleged the new kolkata police commissioner appointed by the ec withdrew prohibitory orders under section 144 of the crpc imposed in the area.
the roadshow was itself a deliberate, intentional and criminal conspiracy to vandalise the culture and heritage of kolkata and west bengal and also to defame the west bengal government and its people, mamatabanerjee wrote.
she alleged that the two special observers appointed for bengal were biased and influenced by the centre.
the communist party of india (marxist) also asked the ec to ensure free and fair polls by deploying adequate central paramilitary forces.
no bjp leaders could be contacted for a comment.
west bengal agriculture minister ashis mamatabanerjee intends to build a memorial in honour of chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjees late mother at the trinamool congress (tmc) chiefs ancestral chakaipur village.
its local peoples interest that prompted us to plan a memorial around her (mamatas) mother.
they hope that such a centre will draw people from across the state and the village will turn into a tourist destination, ashis said .
gayatri mamatabanerjee died in december 2011, at the age of 81, seven months after mamatabanerjee was sworn in as west bengals chief minister.
the trinamool congress minister has planned to build a replica of the chief ministers thatched house, in which she lived with her parents till 1965.
to ensure that the replica model bears close resemblance to the original house, which no longer exists, village elders have been asked to share details of the tmc chiefs childhood home.
the plan is ready but we will proceed further only after the chief minister gives her nod.
i will speak to her in a few days, ashis said.
clarifying that funds from government treasury wont be used while building the memorial, the state agriculture minister said: government funds will not be used in the project.
the replica house will be as modest as the original house was.
sources in the ruling party said the district trinamool congress chief, anubrata mondal, had conceived the idea of a memorial in honour of the chief ministers late mother in 2016 and entrusted ashis mamatabanerjee with its implementation.
the primary plan involved participation from local panchayats, the zilla parishad (district council) and tarapith rampurhat development authority (trda) in the building of the memorial.
trinamool congress (tmc) mp derek obrien on saturday said he has informed the cbi that he would appear before the agency, which has summoned him in the saradha ponzi scheme case, after the parliament session ends on august 7, and asserted that he would not be intimidated.
the rajya sabha mp, who is also a spokesperson of west bengals ruling party, was asked to appear before a cbi team in the first week of august, officials said friday.
earlier, when parliament was in session i was served a notice.
i immediately wrote to the cbi stating that since parliament was in session i would appear on a date after the session has concluded, obrien said in a statement.
however, a day before i was supposed to meet the cbi, they called and informed me that i am not required to meet them.
i also sent them a letter reconfirming the same, the rajya sabha member said.
since february, i have not received any intimation from them.
now, during this parliament session, i was served a notice asking me to appear before them on august 1.
i have sent them a letter stating that i would meet them after this session is over on august 7, obrien said.
officials had friday said the quizmaster-turned-politician may be questioned by the central bureau of investigation (cbi) about some financial transactions in the bank accounts related to tmc mouthpiece jago bangla, of which he is the publisher.
the cbi is investigating links of arrested bengali film producer shrikant mohta to the promoters of rose valley, a company accused in the scam.
mohta had allegedly cut a deal of rs 25 crore with the promoters of rose valley and a portion of this money is suspected to have been diverted in jago bangla account.
let me also add that i will not be intimidated.
in february, i had agreed to appear before the cbi after the session was over, but the cbi chose not to meet me.
this time too i am ready to meet them, obrien said.
tmc secretary general partha chatterjee alleged that the cbi was being used by the bjp to intimidate political opponents.
we wont be intimidated by central agencies.
the cbi and other agencies are being used to pursue political vendetta, chatterjee said.
bjp state president dilip ghosh termed the allegations as baseless.
the tmc is the only party which alleges political vendetta if they are summoned by the cbi.
but when leaders of other parties are summoned, they dont make such allegations.
those who have looted public money need to answer to the public, ghosh told pti.
the cbi may also question obrien regarding the sale of several paintings of party chief mamatabanerjee which were purchased by owners of several ponzi scam companies allegedly at a huge price, the officials said.
several such paintings worth lakhs of rupees have been seized by the agency, they said.
obrien, in a tweet on friday, had alleged that the cbi notice was sent as his party had opposed amendments to the right to information act in parliament.
the july 25 notice coincided with the tmcs motion against the rti (amendment) bill in rajya sabha, he claimed.
the supreme court had ordered a probe into the multi-crore-rupee saradha scam and transferred the case to cbi in 2014.
thousands of investors were left in the lurch by the scam and it led to the arrest of many leaders and ministers of the tmc.
all of them are now out on bail.
saradha group founder sudipta sen and his associate debjani mukherjee, arrested in 2013 from kashmir, are in custody.
in the wake of protests by the medical fraternity in support of agitating doctors in kolkata, union health minister harsh vardhan friday urged them to exercise restraint and continue serving patients.
he appealed to west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee to not make this sensitive matter a prestige issue and said that he will write to her in this regard.
junior doctors in west bengal are on a strike since tuesday after two of their colleagues were attacked and seriously injured allegedly by relatives of a patient who died at nrs medical college and hospital in kolkata.
despite getting beaten so badly, doctors have only asked her (mamata banerjee) to provide them with adequate security and also demanded action against the perpetrators of the violence as per the law, vardhan said.
but instead of doing that, she warned them and gave an ultimatum which angered doctors across the country and they proceeded on strike.
so if the chief minister acts in a sensitive manner in such a grave scenario, patients across the country will not suffer.
i plead to the west bengal chief minister to not make this an issue of prestige, he said.
he assured doctors that the government is committed to ensuring their safety and urged them to ensure that essential services are not disrupted.
i appeal to them that they can hold symbolic protests but should also continue to work so that patients do not suffer, the union health minister said.
also read: health services in delhi, mumbai hit as bengal doctors strike enters day 4vardhan had thursday urged patients and their attendants to exercise restraint and said he will take up the matter of doctors security with chief ministers of all states.
scores of doctors at several government and private hospitals in delhi held demonstrations friday by marching and raising slogans to express solidarity with their protesting colleagues in west bengal.
a group of members of the aiims resident doctors association also met vardhan and apprised him of the medical fraternitys demand of ensuring safety and security of doctors in face of any violence in hospital premises.
they also submitted a memorandum to vardhan demanding a central law against hospital violence.
they have sought immediate security and intervention of the centre to stop the politically motivated atrocity on the protesting doctors in west bengal.
they have also demanded recruitment of both armed and unarmed trained competent security guards at all government health facilities and increasing the number of security staff at hostels.
the delegation also sought making cctv vigilance in every hospital mandatory and implementation of a hotline alarm system.
also read: mamatabanerjee and her goons have converted west bengal into mini pakistan: bjpvardhan has assured the doctors that he will look into their demands.
doctors under the banner of the resident doctors association (rda) held out marches in the aiims campus, with many wearing bandages on their foreheads while some worked wearing helmets.
resident doctors of the safdarjung hospital also took out protests in their campus healthcare services at private and government hospitals in the national capital are likely to be affected on friday as scores of doctors began the boycott for a day.
there will be a complete shutdown of all out-patient departments (opds), routine operation theatre services and ward visits, except emergency services in the hospitals, several medical bodies of the city had said on thursday.
the indian medical association (ima) has directed members of all its state branches to stage protests and wear black badges to work on friday.
in a communique to all its state presidents and secretaries, the ima has asked them to organise demonstrations in front of the district collectors offices from 10 am to noon on friday and hand over a memorandum addressed to the prime minister to the collectors in every district.
(this story has been published from a wire agency feed without modifications to the text.
only the headline has been changed.
cbi has drawn up plans to bring rose valley chairman gautam kundu and saradha boss sudipto sen from kolkata jails to the interrogation table in bhabaneswar where tmc mps tapas paul and sudip bandyopadhyay are held for questioning, giving the impression that ruling party leaders and politicians benefitted from both and they want to revive the saradha probe.
over the past few days, suspended trinamool congress rajya sabha mp kunal ghosh met cbi officers in their salt lake office twice and gave them fresh statements to help the investigation on the saradha front.
though kundu has been behind bars since march 2015 and sen since april 2013, cbi never brought them to the investigation table at the same place and almost at the same time.
however, sleuths also indicated that they wont interrogated together.
even as the arrest of the tmc mps has triggered a high-pitched battle between the leaders of the ruling party in bengal and bjp, cbi sources indicate that half a dozen tmc leaders, mps and cine stars are under their scanner.
the arrest of sudip bandyopadhyay, the trinamool leader in lok sabha, triggered high-pitched protests by chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjee.
(ht photo)we are already trying to bring in rose valley group chairman for a fresh round of interrogation to bhubaneshwar.
we are trying to shed light on new sides of investigation.
likewise there is a pending warrant against saradha chairman sudipto sen related to a case in odisha.
however, sen is reportedly ill and we are waiting for him to recover, said a cbi source from delhi.
sudipto sen was arrested by cbi on april 23, 2013 and after a period of interrogation was sent to alipore central jail.
gautam kundu implicated in the rs 17,000 crore rose valley scam was arrested on march 23, 2015 and faced a similar situation.
he is now housed in presidency central jail in kolkata.
according to cbi sources, last year in february, sleuths discovered a diary from the hidden chamber of kundu at his office in dlf building at the outskirts of kolkata.
kundu, according to investigators, kept records of payment to influential people in the diary.
many new evidences have emerged that now needs to be verified before cbi initiates fresh set of interrogation and arrests.
we had to break a wall to find the hidden chamber in kundu office.
illegal payments made to influential people have been recorded in the diary.
it is an important piece of evidence and we need to interrogate him on that, said a cbi source.
according to sleuths, ghosh has provided leads and named a few political heavyweights who have received money.
the enforcement directorate, too, has stepped up speed of investigation as well as the process of attachment of properties of rose valley.
in the last few months ed has attached properties worth rs 1,250 crores including 10 hotels and resorts.
it expects the worth of these properties to be more than rs 2,000 crores.
the properties underwent provisional attachment under prevention of money laundering act.
ed is sending the papers to union finance ministry to complete the process.
ed has already seized 17 luxurious cars of gautam kundu including rolls- royce and a limousine.
over 200 cars belonging to rose valley group have also been seized so far.
throwing a direct challenge to the mamatabanerjee government to act on its threat of taking legal action against people holding processions with arms, the diamond harbour unit of bjp on sunday welcomed its leaders on dais, including state president dilip ghosh, with a machete.
justifying the act, ghosh said during his speech, we are not scared of her threats of legal action.
well carry weapons that our hindu gods have.
these are not weapons, but symbols of valour.
why only jail, dilip ghosh is even ready to be hanged.
but before you manage to send him to jail, several of your mlas and mps are going to join bjp.
the public gathering was held at diamond harbour in south 24-parganas district, about 40 kilometres from kolkata.
several hundred supporters came rallying from several places, carrying swords, sickles and scythe and chanting jai shri ram.
ghosh was quite evidently responding to chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjees threat that her government would take legal action against people carrying weapons in processions.
a day after ram navami celebrations, the west midnapore district police had booked ghosh for carrying a sword during a procession in kharagpur.
on sunday, asserting that he will continue displaying weapons, ghosh said, dilip ghosh was born with a sword and will continue to have swords.
ghoshs sunday remarks came following his comment on the eve of ram navami that the controversy over ram navami celebration was nothing but a battle between ramzadas and haramzadas and that people criticising display of weapons on ram navami should be kicked out of the borders on bangladesh and pakistan.
west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee will not attend the swearing-in ceremony of congress leader kamal nath as madhya pradesh cm, official sources said on sunday.
there was, however, no reason cited for mamatabanerjee not going to bhopal for the swearing-in ceremony on monday, an official of the chief ministers office said.
trinamool congress mp dinesh trivedi will be representing the party at the event, which the congress intends to showcase as a picture of opposition unity.
i have been directed by the party chief (banerjee) to be present at mondays swearing-in programme, trivedi told pti.
asked whether he was carrying any message for the function, trivedi said, there is no message as such.
my going there is a message itself.
for full coverage on madhya pradesh assembly elections, click herethe congress has invited leaders from across the political spectrum.
apart from party chief rahul gandhi and united progressive alliance (upa) chairperson sonia gandhi, mamatabanerjee , andhra pradesh cm chandrababu naidu, bahujan samaj party supremo mayawati and samajwadi party president akhilesh yadav were invited.
banerjee, who had earlier floated the idea of a federal front of regional parties, has been seen recently exchanging bonhomie with naidu, and her counterparts from delhi and telangana, arvind kejriwal and chandrashekar rao respectively, apart from dmk president mk stalin.
but the same warmth has not been seen for the congress.
for full coverage on assembly elections, click herenath, a nine-time parliamentarian from chhindwara and currently president of the madhya pradesh congress, will become the first chief minister of a congress government in the central indian state after 15 years.
digvijaya singh was the last congress chief minister of the state.
the bjp had snatched power from the grand old party in 2003 and went on to retain it till its narrow defeat in the recently-held assembly election.
the congress won 114 seats in the 230-member house and has secured the support of a total 121 mlas.
(the story has been published from a wire feed without any modifications to the text.
only the headline has been changed.
minor clashes broke out between hindus and muslims in bengals purulia district over the last one week, even as a saffron wave engulfed the state in the wake of the ram navami-hanuman jayanti celebrations.
rioters gutted several shops and vandalised a number of vehicles during this period.
police arrested 12 people under non-bailable sections of the ipc in this connection.
the clashes began on april 6, while chief minister mamatabanerjee was holding an administrative meeting in the district.
there was a law-and-order problem.
but we took strict action, and everything is peaceful now, purulia superintendent of police joy biswas told ht.
though police refused to elaborate on the arrests, local residents claimed eight of the 12 people arrested belonged to the hindu community while the rest were muslims.
the accused were produced in court and remanded till april 21, said a senior district police officer.
police said the first incident occurred when hindutva activists took out an unauthorised motorcycle rally in baghmundi area, as part of the ram navami celebrations, on april 6.
they entered into an altercation with muslims near a mosque in hurumbi village, leading to a scuffle.
on april 8, both the communities clashed at baghmundi market.
shops and houses, mostly belonging to muslims, were set afire near the market.
a huge contingent of policemen  including rapid action force personnel  was deployed in the area to maintain peace.
a few days later, on april 11, hindu groups took out a procession to celebrate ram navami-hanuman jayanti in jhalda area.
miscreants threw stones at them, triggering further clashes.
while police said the chief minister has directed them to deal with the situation neutrally, members of the saffron party made a different claim.
in bengal, police are using lathis to bear down on peaceful ram navami celebrations.
worshippers of lord ram are being arrested.
processions are being disturbed by miscreants in different areas, but the police are only arresting hindus, said vishwa hindu parishad spokesperson sourish mukherjee.
since october 2016, hindu-muslim clashes have been witnessed in pockets of kaliachak and chanchol (malda district); jalangi (murshidabad); chandannagar (hooghly); bhagabanpur (east midnapore); kharagpore (west midnapore); hajinagar and kanchrapara (north 24 parganas); sankrail and dhulagarh (howrah); and katwa, jamuria and kaksha (burdwan).
even on october 11 and 12 last year, a series of clashes had occurred across bengal over durga puja immersion ceremonies and muharram processions.
violence erupted again in dhulagarh near kolkata on december 12, when muslims took out a religious procession through the main market road in a neighbourhood dominated by hindus.
houses and shops were set ablaze in the clashes that followed, leaving hundreds of people from both communities homeless.
though police arrested 65 people, clashes continued for the next few days.
unlike the clashes that had happened earlier, the dhulagarh incident received a lot of political attention.
many parties  including the bjp, congress and cpi(m)  sent their leaders to the affected areas.
purulia is bengals westernmost district, bordering jharkhand.
the battle between the bjp and the trinamool congress in west bengals asansol and beyond reached the election commission in delhi with the two parties blaming each other for poll violence in the fourth phase of voting.
there were several reports of clashes in the early hours of polling.
in birbhum lok sabha constituency, news agency pti said clashes had broken out between supporters of rival parties in nanoor, rampurhat, nalhati and siuri areas.
election officials said isolated cases of violence had been reported in the state that has witnessed over 52 per cent polling so far.
watch: analysis i violence mars w.b voting; and can bjp score in mamatas turf?
a jawan of the central police forces later had to fire once in the air in poduma area dubrajpur under birbhum constituency to control the situation after villagers threw stones at the security personnel, according to reports.
in its representation to the election commission in delhi, the trinamool said the firing was designed to scare voters.
eight seats in south bengal, considered the bastion of the ruling trinamool congress and chief minister mamatabanerjee , are voting in this phase.
the trinamool holds six of the eight seats, the other two were won by bjps babul supriyo (asansol) and the congresss adhir ranjan chowdhury (baharampur) in 2014.
the bjp repeated union minister babul supriyo from asansol.
he is pitted against film star sreemati dev varma, better known as moon moon sen, who has been moved from the bankura seat that she had won in 2014.
long before his party filed a formal complaint in delhi, bjp leaders such as babul supriyo posted several photographs and videos on social media that accused local officials of colluding with bengals ruling trinamool congress leaders.
in one widely-circulated video, two men were spotted approaching people as they stood near the voting machine.
the bjp said it looked like they were checking who the people had voted.
in many other places, babul supriyo said trinamool supporters had prevented his partys agents from reaching the polling stations.
his car was also vandalised during voting, allegedly by trinamool supporters outside a polling station in barabani.
a bjp leader said babul supriyo had intervened to ensure that his polling agent could enter the polling station.
when he was coming out, trinamool workers surrounded his car and started pelting stones.
the rear glass of the car was broken, a bjp leader told ians.
supriyo said strong-arm tactics was an effort by the ruling party to tie him down.
we have got information of polling agents not being allowed in a number of booths.
but how many booths can i visit?
he said, asserting that he would nevertheless keep up the effort to reach as many places as possible.
the bjp is making its mark in the former maoist belt of jangalmahal in west bengal despite overwhelming dominance of the ruling trinamool congress, which had routed the left front in may 2011.
bjp came a close second to trinamool congress in this tribal dominated region.
till 6:30 pm, its victories in purulia, jhargram, west midnapore and bankura districts accounted for nearly 40  of the total seats that the party won across the state.
dealing west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee a rude shock in an area she has been sensitive about, the saffron camp bagged 626 seats against trinamools 748, in purulia, till 6 pm.
of the 780 gram panchayat seats in jhargram where contests took place, bjp won 321.
read : how bjp plans to win north bengal with dalit and tribal votessukhamay satpathy, bjps jhargram district president said they had campaigned saying that those who had terrorised the area as maoists were now ruling the area as trinamool.
moreover, trinamools corruption, nepotism and highhandedness had left the ground fertile for a surge against this regime, he said.
sankrail in jhargram, which hit the headlines in 2009 when maoists abducted the officer in-charge after killing two policemen during an attack on the police station, saw a saffron surge with bjp registering convincing victories in all three tiers.
bhimpur panchayat within salboni panchayat samiti area in west midnapore district was a stronghold of the maoists.
the panchayats chief during 2008-2013, who was often accused of hobnobbing with maoists, was elected as salboni mla in 2011 and 2016.
now, trinamool has been routed in bhimpur, as bjp bagged 9 out of 12 seats.
of the total 10 gram panchayats in salboni, bjp has bagged four.
read: west bengal panchayat election results live: tmc registers massive win, bjp comes a distant secondit appears there were public grievances against lower-level workers of our party, srikanta mahato said.
bjp has also captured the panchayats at binpur, belatikri, sijua and ramgarh  all in lalgarh area where the maoists had carved out a state within a state during 2009-2010.
the party has also wrested the panchayats in erstwhile maoists hotbeds of pingboni, jirapara, makli and amlashuli.
asked why the party fared so poorly in what was considered one of its strongest bastions, trinamools west midnapore district president, ajit maiti disconnected the phone.
a new step to protect data associated with peoples aadhaar number, two big economic reforms, cbse exam datesheets and controversy over drought-hit tamil nadu mlas getting a salary hike.
these stories made news on wednesday.
here is more about them.
virtual id enables people to protect aadhaar numberspeople can submit a virtual id instead of sharing their 12-digit aadhaar number--a safeguard intended to protect privacy.
the virtual id will be a temporary, revocable 16-digit random number mapped with the aadhaar number.
it will not be possible to derive the aadhaar number from the virtual id.
uidai, the agency which issues aadhaar numbers, also said organisations from now can only do limited kyc (know-your-customer), eliminating the need for them to store aadhaar numbers.
cbse class 10, 12 board exams to begin from march 5the class 10 and 12 exams under the central board of secondary education (cbse) will start from march 5, the board announced on wednesday.
students can check the date sheets on cbse website www.
cbse.
nic.
in.
the class 12 exams will end on april 12 and class 10 on april 4.
the entire exercise will be completed in 38 days that will give more time for evaluation, a cbse official said.
a total of 28.
24 lakh students have registered for the class 10 and 12 exams.
air india opened up, fdi allowed in single-brand retailthe government cleared a proposal to allow foreign investors to own up to a 49  stake in state-run carrier air india, paving the way for global airlines to bid for the loss-making flagship carrier.
the government also allowed 100  fdi in single-brand retail via automatic route and eased a rule on 30  mandatory local sourcing of products for five fiscal years after the opening of the first indian store, reports reuters.
india projected to be worlds fastest growing economyindia is expected to grow by 7.
3  in 2018, making it the worlds fastest growing economy again, according to the world bank.
in comparison, indias statistics office has projected the countrys economy to slow down to 6.
5  in 2017-18 from 7.
1  a year ago on the back of lingering imp act of demonetisation of high-value currencies and disruptions caused by implementation of the goods and services tax (gst).
the world banks global economic prospects report projected chinas economy to further slow down and grow at 6.
4  in 2018 from 6.
8  in 2017.
sc sets up committee to monitor anti-sikh riot casesa retired high court judge will lead a new three-member special investigation team (sit) to monitor probe into 186 anti-sikh riot cases in delhi that followed the assassination of prime minister indira gandhi in 1984, the supreme court said on wednesday.
a committee the court had set up earlier found that out of 241 riot cases, 186 cases were closed without investigation.
indian-origin shopkeeper punched for refusing cigarette paper, diesan indian-origin shopkeeper died after he was allegedly punched for refusing to sell cigarette paper to teenagers in north london.
vijay patel, 49, suffered injuries to his head and was found lying on the pavement outside his convenience store.
a 16-year-old boy appeared before court and was charged with murdering patel, the father of two.
pakistan town protests rape and murder, 2 killedtwo people died in kasur town of pakistans punjab province after police opened fire on people demonstrating against the alleged rape and murder of an eight-year-old girl.
kasur has been tense after the girls body was found in trash and people alleged the police for not investigating the case properly.
drought-hit tamil nadu doubles mlas monthly salarythe state government on wednesday raised the monthly salary of mlas from rs 55,000 to rs 1.
05 lakh, as farmers battled a severe drought in 32 districts.
chief minister edapaddi palanisami, who has promised farmers that their loans will be waived off, said the hike in mlas salary and perks will be effective from july 1.
kendriya vidyalaya school prayer against constitution?
does a prayer sung in government-funded schools called kendriya vidyalayas promote hinduism?
the supreme court has asked the government and the schools to give their view on a petition which alleges that the prayer violates the constitution.
journalist who travelled with mamatabanerjee to scotland was caught stealinga journalist who travelled with west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee when she visited scotland last year was caught stealing cutlery at a dinner party hosted in an edinburgh hotel.
west bengal journalists were embarrassed and decided not to speak about the incident till a bengali tabloid published a story this week.
bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee is expected to visit private hospital saturday afternoon to see a young doctor who is recuperating after an attack at the nrs hospital which sparked a widespread strike by junior doctors which began on tuesday.
however, there is no official confirmation about the visit.
the doctor, paribaha mukherjee, who was attacked by relatives of a patient who died monday evening at the nrs hospital, had suffered head injuries.
he was admitted to a private hospital  institute of neurosciences kolkata in the citys mallik bazar area.
he has since recovered and is now said to be stable, sources said.
another doctor had also been attacked along with mukherjee.
striking junior doctors have turned down mamatabanerjee banerjees invitation for a meeting at the state secretariat, which was called to resolve the impasse, and continued their protest for the fifth consecutive day on saturday.
the junior doctors issued a statement after a general body meeting early afternoon saying they will not attend the meeting with the chief minister at the state secretariat at 5 pm.
we dont want a few representatives of ours to hold a meeting behind closed doors, doctors at nrs hospital said in a statement.
the general body meeting was held after a meeting with the president of the ima at nrs medical college and hospital on saturday morning.
the doctors have sought unconditional apology from mamatabanerjee and set six conditions for the state government to withdraw the stir.
the stir has spread beyond bengal across 17 states and union territories and involved about 100,000 doctors across india, according to reports from various medical associationsresident doctors of all india institute of medical science (aiims) and safdarjung hospital, who boycotted work on friday have given a 48-hour ultimatum to mamatabanerjee to meet the demands of the states agitating doctors, failing which they said they would begin an indefinite strike.
the distance between kolkata and lucknow is nearly 900 kms, but for mamatabanerjee , bengal chief minister is keenly watching the uttar pradesh assembly polls.
not only that ups political outcome will determine much of the future course of action of trinamool congress but also the fate of the much cherished federal front against modi before the lok sabha polls in 2019.
it was the bengal chief minister who was not only among the first and most vociferous against the ill effects of demonetisation, but also the first to congratulate and even support the alliance between congress and samajwadi party in up.
the importance of polls in uttar pradesh lies in the fact that there has been a novel alliance between congress and samajwadi party.
the alliance was the need of the hour.
it is important that political parties join hands against bjp.
the party at the centre has money and administrative power which they misuse against their political opponents.
also in a multi-party system and for strengthening the federal structure such alliances are necessary, said sukhendu shekhar roy, trinamool congress rajya sabha mp and spokesperson.
polls in the five states are important because it is taking place just within three months of demonestiation.
polls in uttar pradesh are more important since it is the state with largest number of assembly seats, added roy.
just after the alliance was announced in up, mamatabanerjee was the first to respond tweeting full support from trinamool congress @aitcofficial to the good alliance for up between @incindia & @samajwadiparty.
trinamool congress which was one of the most vociferous against demonetization both inside the parliament and outside had already highlighted arrest of its mps in chit fund scam as political vendetta by modi.
with narada case likely to go to cbi, it is all important for trinamool congress that bjp gets a jolt in up.
trinamool congress leaders stated that a lot is at stake depending on the results of uttar pradesh.
in case bjp fares badly in the up polls, party leaders expect that cbi once again will have to go slow against a section of party leaders.
with mamatabanerjee going all out against narendra modi, not only she will be vindicated, but she will be in a pivotal position in delhi among all opposition parties with her strength in lok sabha and rajya sabha.
mamata banerjees federal front dream against bjp will also get a boost.
already congress vice president rahul gandhi has called for more parties to join hands during his press conference with samajwadi party chief akhilesh yadav last sunday.
trinamool congress leaders believe that such alliances hold the seed of a front against bjp before the lok sabha polls.
in case bjp does badly in up, modi-amit shah duo are likely to face pressure from inside their party and outside.
modi will be forced to go soft on trinamool congress leaders in chit fund scam, to make sure that congress do not get tmcs unconditional support.
on the other hand if bjp does very well in up, it is obvious that more trinamool congress leaders will be arrested.
modi will become more aggressive against mamatabanerjee , said shibaji pratim basu , political analyst.
trinamool congress continued to be relentless against narendra modi, even by boycotting the first two day of budget session in the parliament.
the uttar pradesh results are not only important for national politics but also for mamatabanerjee banerjee.
if bjp fares badly, mamatabanerjee will have the upper hand and an opportunity to vigorously target modi on the floor of the house and outside, joining hands with other opposition parties including congress, basu added.
interestingly, on january 6, mamatabanerjee made public statements, where she demanded that narendra modi should resign and any other senior leader from bjp should become the prime minister.
come forward to form a national government.
even other leaders from the bjp such as lk advani, rajnath singh or arun jaitley can take the initiative to form a national government.
.
.
sharpening his attack on west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee , prime minister narendra modi on thursday said that didi has an anti-democracy mentality and her party tmc and its goons were creating atmosphere of anarchy in bengal.
prime minister narendra modi at the vijay sankalp rally in support of party candidate anupriya patel in mirzapur on thursday.
during the last leg of election campaigning, modi addressed one poll rally each in mau, chandauli and mirzapur, one after the other, on thursday.
he also promised to build a new statue of ishwar chandra vidyasagar and blamed the trinamool goons for vandalising it.
he said, modi has been elected prime minister because of the blessings of 130 crore indians and democracy of the country.
but the bengal chief minister doesnt consider me pm.
she considers pakistan prime minister as pm.
modi said the tmc goons tried to create ruckus during his rally at thakur nagar and kunch bihar some time back.
he further said, i am to going to west bengal for a rally in dum dum.
let us see if didi (mamata banerjee) allows it.
if she has her way, she will not allow my helicopter to land.
the prime minister said the mahamilavatis (opposition) were hurling abuses at him and they wanted a helpless government so that they could blackmail it as per their requirement and hide their sins of corruption.
but this is new india that eliminates terrorists by storming into their hideouts.
it also identifies those who want to weaken our country, he said.
describing the sp-bsp-rld alliance as opportunists, modi said the sp and bsp fixed the deal in ac rooms of lucknow for their interests without keeping in view their party workers welfare.
as a result, sp and bsp workers are attacking each another.
he said that whenever the sp and bsp got a chance to remain in power, they used it for creating wealth.
modi said the alliance has fielded such a candidate who is on the run after being charged of rape, adding that the approach of bsp towards womens security was questionable.
he also criticized bsp chief mayawati for continuing her partys support to the rajasthan government, which tried to cover up an incident of rape with a girl there.
the pm said his government was committed to womens safety and that it had made provision of capital punishment for rape accused.
he said behan ji (mayawati) targeted me.
i thought she will criticize mamatabanerjee didi for targeting up, bihar people whom she calls outsiders.
but behan ji didnt do so because she doesnt care for you.
she is looking at the chair (pm post), he said.
expressing confidence, modi said bengal has decided to take the figure of bjp seats across 300.
he said the mahamilavatis opposed the air strike and surgical strike on pakistan.
they also opposed the law against triple talaq and the constitutional status to obc commission.
they are also against the implementation of enemy property law.
they oppose modi at every step, he said.
sitting mp harinayaran rajbhar is bjp candidate from ghosi (town in mau district) and up bjp chief mahendra nath pandey is contesting from chandauli.
union minister anupriya patel is in the fray from mirzapur as candidate of apna dal (s), an ally of the bjp.
during the rallies, the pm sought support for the three candidates.
a galaxy of leaders from anti-bjp parties are expected to attend the rjds bjp bhagao, desh bachao rally at gandhi maidan here on august 27.
the rally purports to be a show of strength by rjd chief lalu prasad and an attempt to forge unity among opposition parties at the national level to take on the bjp-led nda in the 2019 lok sabha poll.
rjd sources said the event would be attended by either congress president sonia gandhi or partys vice president rahul gandhi.
other prominent leaders who have given their consent to attend the show include tmc chief and west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee , sp chief and former up cm akhilesh singh, bsp chief mayawati, cpms general secretary sitaram yechury and cpi senior leader d raja.
we have got confirmation from all these leaders.
we have extended invitations to 17 parties, who have come together with the congress to form a joint opposition platform, said bhola yadav, a close aide of the rjd chief and mla from bahadupur in darbhanga.
he said the inld, led by om prakash chautala, dmk and a few parties from jharkhand would also be represented at the event.
prasads younger son tejashwi prasad yadav has already undertaken a two phase state wide tour to drum up support for the rally.
needless to say, the rjd chiefs decision to invite rebel jd (u) leader sharad yadav to the event has become a talking point as nitish led jd(u) has warned the estranged leader of initiating action against him, if he chooses to join rjds show.
it would be interesting to see whether sharad chose to be by prasads side, amid indications that the rjd was backing the socialist leader to stoke dissidence within the jd(u) to corner nitish.
reports said a large number of supporters at the jd (u)s veterans jan adalat, an event in patna on saturday, were actually rjd activists.
at the event, sharad had attacked nitish for betraying peoples mandate, endorsing the rjd line on the issue and rued that he was being pushed out his own party.
he had headed the janata dal, when lalu prasad broke away to form the rjd and merged the party with samata party in 2003 to form the jd (u).
insiders feel, the rjd chief and sharad sharing dais will seal a loose pact among the major opposition parties to take on the bjp and may even trigger a formal split in the jd (u).
but how far prasad, facing the corruption taint owing to fodder scam cases and recent cbi fir in the land for hotels lease scam, wherein two railways hotels were leased out to private parties alleged in return for a gift of valuable land in patna, may succeed as a rallying point for opposition unity, is still uncertain.
there is a perception that prasad is keen on showcasing the event to show his own clout as a yadav chieftain after the break-up in ga following the jd(u)-bjp realignment in bihar.
the recent srijan scam is also likely to be used by prasad to paint jd(u)-bjp alliance as being steeped in corruption.
we will approach the supreme court to monitor the cbis investigation into the scam after the 27 rally, which is going to be a big show, prasad said on sunday.
meanwhile, tmc chief mamatabanerjee , another prominent face of the opposition camp, too, has signalled that she was ready to unite all secular forces to defeat the bjp, describing her position in the proposed united front as not of a flower but a vase.
in a recent interview, she took a dig at cm nitish kumar for leaving the ga, stating that one should not bother about one leader leaving the opposition ranks and there were hundreds of leaders lalu , sharad and akhilesh to provide leadership to the anti-bjp thrust.
the chief minister also said that she has prepared a political will that mentions names of leaders who will take charge of her party, the trinamool congress, in her absence.
this was the first time mamatabanerjee made such a statement.
ht contacted some top officers of the state police but they refused to comment and did not want to be quoted on this issue.
the killers have even made a recce of my home at kalighat.
i came to know of this because i am part of the administration.
the police asked me several times to shift to a safer location but i refused.
i am not scared of dying.
if i live behind security cover i will start distancing myself from the people, said banerjee.
banerjee lives with her family at her ancestral home in south kolkata.
it is a single storey house located beside a narrow road not far from the famous kalighat temple.
the channel requested mamatabanerjee to disclose names of conspirators but she refused.
i have never spoken about this to anyone.
my party leaders do not know of this.
nor does my family.
i am disclosing this in public for the first time, said the chief minister.
there is a group of people who want me dead.
they will go to any extent to see me die because they cannot counter me politically.
i will not say who these people are but i have full knowledge of their activities, said banerjee.
nothing will happen to my party if i die.
i have written down the names of those who will run the party in my absence.
everything is sorted, said the chief minister.
a month and a few days after the congress debacle, the party is still floundering and in a grave state of drift.
innumerable congress politicians have privately expressed a sense of deep frustration and anxiety for their own future.
one or two have thought aloud about whether it is time to leave the party.
yet the irony is this: a party that is in urgent need of cataclysmic change looks like it is headed for more of the same.
and this will be true even if rahul gandhi steps down from the post of party president.
at a meeting of the partys parliamentarians this week, rahul gandhi declared that he was not budging from his decision.
he said he had decided well before the elections that were the party to lose in 2019 he would quit, because someone has to take accountability.
but in what is so symptomatic of the sycophancy cult that plagues the congress, every member stood up in perfunctory protest.
however, one of the more interesting arguments is said to have come from shashi tharoor who, while commending gandhi for taking ownership of the defeat, asked: what about someone taking accountability for rebuilding the party?
who would that person be?
shouldnt gandhi at least postpone his decision for a few months and oversee the rebuilding of the party?
gandhi remained adamant.
when some other leaders pointed out that the party was in danger of losing legislators in states like maharashtra and karnataka, gandhi was reportedly belligerent.
those who wanted to leave, were welcome to do so, he declared, betraying no acknowledgment of the crisis that stares him in the face.
it could be only a matter of time before the congress governments in madhya pradesh and karnataka fall.
but no, the meeting ended with a decision to choose a new party president and no plan for how to achieve this.
but frankly, this is just a whole lot of same-old same-old status quo hiding behind a camouflage of cosmetic tinkering.
if the new president of the congress party is to be chosen by the congress working committee (cwc), an unelected decision making body, mostly made up of trusted lieutenants of the gandhi family, you can bet that the next party president will be low-key, non-threatening, without too much of a personality and, above all, a figurehead.
he/she will be someone who will continue to derive authority from the first family of the party who will then remain the effective power centre.
so what exactly would have changed?
we have already seen this reflected in the choice of the leader of the party in the lok sabha.
without making any personal judgement on the calibre of adhir choudhary, to pick him over shashi tharoor or manish tewari, two strong, experienced candidates, can only be because there is no danger of him acquiring a profile of his own that could compete with the gandhi siblings.
isnt it intriguing that a man who was removed as the head of the state congress in west bengal should be catapulted to the head of the party inside parliament, even though he is a red rag for the bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjee?
this is proof that whether or not gandhi resigns from the post of party president, power will continue to flow from the family fount.
so, tomorrow, if the unelected cwc of gandhi loyalists picks a person to replace rahul gandhi it will be an entirely meaningless exercise.
first, why isnt the cwc resigning en masse as part of the exercise of taking accountability?
second, why arent genuine elections being held to the cwc that have the possibility of ushering in new leadership and fresh blood?
in the past 50 years, authentic elections have been held to the cwc only twice, in 1992 and 1997, both times when a non-gandhi was at the helm.
if rahul gandhi is serious about bringing change to the party, why not step out of the way and hold immediate elections to the cwc?
today, there are only a handful of leaders in the congress who have some traction across ideology or grudging admiration from even those who vote for the bharatiya janata party: amarinder singh, shashi tharoor, sachin pilot and manish tewari, to name a few.
why should they not assert their ambition instead of being punished for it?
in the next act, if the gandhi family intends to remain the puppeteers controlling the strings by which the next party presidents future hangs, they may as well give up on the insistence on quitting.
for real change, the congress needs a new leader.
one who does not need to seek the approval or affection of the gandhis and is able to be her own person.
to save the congress, are the gandhis ready to give up their entitled control over indias oldest party?
without that, gandhis decision to quit is farcical.
tit-for-tat moves in bengal politics, came thick and fast on wednesday after bjp womens wing leader juhi chowdhurys arrest on tuesday night with bjp leaders moving court against trinamool congress rajya sabha mp derek o brien for morphing a picture of prime minister narendra modi and showing it in a press conference before the bengal assembly elections last year.
on tuesday, a member of the bjps west bengal ex servicemens cell sent a legal notice of chief minister mamatabanerjee seeking apology for her derogatory comments against the army last year.
the political waters of bengal turned murky on tuesday with prime accused in the child trafficking case, chandana chakravarty, alleging to the media that juhi chowdhury spoke to bjp national general secretary kailash vijayvargiya and rajya sabha mp roopa ganguly to lobby for the bimala sishu griho, the welfare home in the eye of the storm.
our party leader has filed a case in bankshall court against trinamool congress rajya mp for morphing a picture of the prime minister and union home minister rajnath singh.
earlier we lodged a complaint with kolkata police but they have failed to act so far.
we are compelled to move court.
our ex servicemen cell has already sent a legal notice to chief minister mamatabanerjee on tuesday for her alleged derogatory comments against army personnel , dilip ghosh bjp state president, told ht.
on tuesday night, a state secretary of bjp womens wing, juhi chowdhury created embarrassment for the party when cid arrested her from a spot near the indo-nepal border.
she was wanted in the child trafficking racket unearthed last month in the north bengal district of jalpaiguri.
trinamool mp kalyan mamatabanerjee refused comment on the arrest saying the law will take its own course.
on april 23 last year, obrien addressed a press conference in which he showed four photographs, including one that showed union home minister rajnath singh offering a laddoo to former cpi-m general secretary prakash karat.
it prompted karat to lodge a police complaint in delhi, whereas bjp lodged a complaint with kolkata police.
on wednesday, jay prakash majumder filed a petition with the chief metropolitan magistrate, bankshal court against o brien.
bjp leaders removed juhi chowdhury from her position as a state secretary of mahila morcha and her rabindranath chowdhury from the state committee for an indefinite period.
(samir jana/ht photo)the police is not taking any action even after so many months.
no fir has been lodged, neither has the accused been called for interrogation.
in may we again went to kolkata police headquarters but nothing happened.
therefore, i have gone to court.
if nothing happens, we will approach calcutta high court, said jay prakash majumder, state bjp vice president.
on tuesday, n mohan rao convener of bjps ex-servicemen cell in bengal sent a legal notice to the chief minister for her comments against indian army jawans.
on december 2 last year, mamatabanerjee stayed overnight at the state secretariat and protested against army deployment a few toll plazas in bengal.
she also alleged that army men were extorting money from the vehicles that were passing through those points.
army officers retorted by saying it was a routine annual exercise and also produced letters to contend that they informed the police about the move.
meanwhile, on wednesday, as a damage control measure, bjp leaders removed juhi chowdhury from her position as a state secretary of mahila morcha and her rabindranath chowdhury from the state committee for an indefinite period.
our stand is clear.
we have removed juhi chowdhury and her father from all party positions.
we do not support leaders in the state taking someone to delhi.
we will wait for the investigation and court will decide, said dilip ghosh bjp state president.
however, we fear that this may be another political controversy.
under pressure from the ruling party, police is registering firs against bjp leaders such as babul supriyo, kailash vijayvargiya and myself, added ghosh.
incidentally, on wednesday he secured bail for a fir lodged in his name at jhargram police station.
roopa ganguly, bjp rajya sabha mp, however, labeled juhi chowdhurys arrest as a political conspiracy.
one of the accused is allowed to give long statements before the tv camera.
this is a political conspiracy, said ganguly referring to the statement of chandana chakravarty.
the entire controversy comes against the bigger backdrop of worsening relations between trinamool congress and bjp.
mamata mamatabanerjee has alleged that tmc mps sudip bandyopadhyay and tapas paul was arrested by cbi purely as an act of political vendetta in connection with the rose valley chit fund scam.
in the next few days, complaints poured in from different areas in the state and police registered firs against bjp leaders and mps including babul supriyo, dilip ghosh and kailash vijayvargiya.
trinamool congress leader and nephew of west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee , abhishek mamatabanerjee , on saturday sent a defamation notice to prime minister narendra modi for his alleged derogatory remarks made against him in a public rally on wednesday at bengals diamond harbour.
the two-page letter demanded unconditional apology within 36 hours from modi and threatened appropriate proceedings in case the apology is not issued.
in a scathing attack on abhishek mamatabanerjee , pm modi said he will lose the elections this time and once the results are announced, his office would be locked.
after the election results, the bhatijas office will be under lock and key.
i have been told that the office of the bhatija has been built by encroaching roads in keeping with the great tradition of the tmc.
hasnt he done it this way?
illegally?
said modi.
didi, your party is amassing wealth through tolabazi (extortion).
why dont you obey the laws?
then why did bhatija encroach upon the road?
actually, habits die hard.
the habit of loot does not go away, modi added.
you threatened to lock up my clients office after the results of the 2019 lok sabha elections are announced.
my client feels that although such claims are spectacular, your malice only depicts your growing frustration with regard to my clients constituency.
such vile and vindictive statements are unbecoming of the post you hold and should be remedied immediately, read the legal notice to modi.
your imputations were deliberate and malafide, perpetrated through thinly veiled references of bhatjia (nephew) and didi while being fully aware that smt.
mamata mamatabanerjee is referred to as didi and my client himself is the only nephew of the said smt.
banerjee, said the letter.
the notice also claimed, your statements denoted that he (abhishek) is part of a syndicate involved in organised extortion, having secured unfair gains by dint of his political position.
describing the prime ministers remarks as unverified, sensationalist, and patently inaccurate the letter alleged, you made certain wildly fabricated allegations against my client with the sole intent to mislead the people you were addressing in order to besmirch my clients well-earned reputation.
also read: trinamools internal analysis indicates left vote may shift to bjp in bengalbharatiya janata party (bjp) state unit president dilip ghosh did not seem perturbed by the notice sent to the prime minister.
such measures will not save him (abhishek).
will he spend energy on serving legal notices or saving his partys mps and ministers from the cbi (central bureau of investigation)?
ghosh said.
in a parallel but unrelated development, the bengal chief minister shot a letter to chief election commissioner sunil arora alleging that election commission of india (ec) took a number of illegal, unconstitutional and biased decisions during the election process because of undue influence on the central government and the ruling party at the centre.
referring to bharatiya janata party (bjp) president amit shahs roadshow in kolkata on may 14, during which vidyasagar college witnessed vandalism, mamatabanerjee alleged that the new kolkata police commissioner appointed by the ec withdrew prohibitory orders under section 144 crpc imposed in the area.
the roadshow was itself a deliberate, intentional and criminal conspiracy to vandalise the culture and heritage of kolkata and west bengal and also to defame the west bengal government and its people, mamatabanerjee wrote.
she alleged that the two special observers appointed for bengal were biased and influenced by the centre and requested ec to ensure peaceful polls on sunday.
the cpi(m) also asked the election commission to ensure free and fair polls by deploying adequate central para-military forces for the last phase on sunday.
incidentally, in the end of august last year, abhishek mamatabanerjee also filed a case against the bharatiya janata party (bjp) president amit shah in a city court.
shah had alleged in a public meeting on august 11 in kolkata that the funds sent by the centre to bengal were partly appropriated by abhishek banerjee.
nine bengal seats - dum dum, barasat, basirhat, jaynagar, mathurapur, jadavpur, diamond harbour, south and north kolkata- are to vote on 19 may in the last phase of the national elections.
the counting of votes will take place on may 23.
indiaupdated: aug 13, 2019 23:37 istthe kolkata police on tuesday arrested four people, including two women, from a slum in south kolkata for allegedly storming the local tollygunge police station and thrashing a constable on sunday night.
the accused were remanded in police custody till august 17.
the women, purnima das and putul naskar, allegedly led the attack shortly after bimal das, the constable, arrested three youths on charges of unruly behaviour and drinking alcohol in a public place.
till tuesday evening, police conducted several raids to nab the other suspects seen in the footage of security cameras.
at least 40 people stormed the police station.
many of them were smelling of alcohol, a police officer said on condition of anonymity.
the incident exposed the ruling trinamool congress to bitter criticism.
bharatiya janata party leaders, including its state president dilip ghosh, alleged that chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjees administration has failed to empower those who are supposed to protect common people.
the troublemakers are trinamool congress supporters and enjoy the protection of the partys local leaders, bjp leaders alleged.
local tmc leaders alleged that the bjp engineered the attack to malign the administration.
the assault on the police constable turned into a major embarrassment for the administration when a video, showing some men and women slapping and heckling the constable, surfaced.
the attack on policemen is deplorable.
the government will not be tolerate this and the guilty will not be spared.
but the bjp has no right to point fingers since it has set no bright example in law enforcement in the states it rules, education minister partha chatterjee said.
kolkata mayor firhad hakim, too, attacked the bjp for making an issue out of the incident.
ever since chief minister mamatabanerjee ordered a crackdown on traffic offenders, especially motorcyclists, the city police have tightened vigilance and patrolling has become a regular affair at night.
the youths arrested on sunday night had motorcycles.
after bimal das returned to the police station and booked the alleged culprits, people from the slum where the youths live, stormed the police station and slapped the constable repeatedly.
another police personnel and two civic volunteers were also injured.
the videos showed das being shoved around the police station premises.
some youths also threw stones at the building.
the crowd left after midnight.
the arrested youths were released on bail on monday afternoon.
the administration took note of the incident and ordered arrest of the attackers.
a case was registered almost 12 hours after the incident and the raids started on monday night.
the police operation was monitored by joint commissioner of police muralidhar sharma.
the incident has once again exposed the helplessness of policemen in bengal.
they need paramilitary forces for their own security, dilip ghosh said on monday.
in november 2014, slum dwellers from the same chetla area stormed the alipore police station after a local trinamool congress leader was detained by the police.
a video clip, showing a junior police officer hiding under a table, went viral after the incident.
former kolkata police commissioner rajeev kumar facing arrest by the central bureau of investigation (cbi) in connection with the saradha chit fund case, failed to appear before the agency on monday, following which the federal investigation agency is considering legal action.
cbi officials said they wouldnt rule out approaching a court for a non-bailable warrant (nbw) against kumar if he continues to evade cbi.
the west bengal indian police service officer, who is believed to be close to state chief minister mamatabanerjee , sent a letter to the agencys salt lake office in kolkata stating he could not keep his appointment with cbi because he is on leave for the next seven days.
the 1989-batch indian police service (ips) officer is being investigated for tampering with the evidence in the alleged chit fund fraud case in which investigators believe several state politicians were involved.
kumar was in charge of the investigation in the case when he was the head of sit (special investigation team) formed by the state government.
kumar has played a key role in the ongoing political slugfest between the states ruling trinamool congress and the bharatiya janata partys, which won 18 seats in the state in the recent lok sabha elections, emerging the second strongest political force in the state, and a possible contender for the top honours in the 2021 state elections.
in january last week, when cbi officials tried to question kumar, the state police prevented them from doing so.
also read | why rajeev kumar features in the saradha scamon may 15, he was transferred from his post as additional director general  cid west bengal.
this was done at the insistence of the election commission.
he was transferred to the ministry of home affairs, after the election commission found out that he had played a role in the violence surrounding a rally by bjp president amit shah on may 14.
after a legal battle in the supreme court, kumar was ordered, on may 17, to present himself for questioning before the cbi.
on may 24, the supreme court refused to extend the protection from arrest given till that day.
the central anti-corruption agency has claimed it has clinching evidence against the officer and that his custodial interrogation is required.
a cbi officer said on condition of anonymity that the agency is discussing what to do with kumars letter in which he has sought seven days time to appear before the agency.
the letter was delivered by deputy sp, madhusudan ghosh and inspector, cid of west bengal , abhijit mukhopadhyay at the salt lake office of cbi on behalf of kumar.
the cbi officer cited above added that kumar might not be given more time.
the probe has already been delayed for over four months due to kumars non-cooperation and confrontational attitude.
these are his delaying tactics due to which the main culprits who enjoyed the chit fund money are roaming scot-free in west bengal, added this officer.
also read | the kolkata police commissioner at the centre of mamatabanerjee , centre tusslea second cbi officer said that at least three teams are keeping a close watch at three locations  kumars residential quarters at park street, the west bengal cid office at bhabani bhaban and the district court in barasat in south 24 parganas district.
a team of cbi officers and a lawyer of the investigative agency are present in the (barasat) court premises, said mihir das, member of west bengal bar council.
on friday, rajeev kumar sent his lawyer to file a petition seeking anticipatory bail from barasat court.
however, he could not file it because of the statewide lawyers strike.
the barasat court didnt function again on monday due to death of a lawyer.
on sunday night, cbi officials handed over two notices, one at kumars residence at park street and the other one at the cid headquarters at bhabani bhavan in south kolkata asking him to appear at the agencys office.
public healthcare system is in a bad shape in west bengal, especially in the rural areas, forcing people to opt for private doctors which can be expensive.
no doctor can charge a patient more than rs 250 for a single consultation, dinhata mla and ruling trinamool party leader udayan guha told ht over the phone on wednesday.
the announcement , which is legally untenable, has raised eyebrows as an mla doesnt have the authority to regulate medical services or charges.
for the second visit, the doctor charge would be halved to rs 125, guha said, a day after he made his decision known to healthcare professionals.
i have also said that no hospital, or nursing home can charge more than rs 18,000 for a delivery case that involves caesarian operation, guha said.
to break the doctor-lab nexus, which is thriving in the state, guha said doctors cant accompany representatives of pathological or radiological laboratories to a hospital.
guha is a political heavyweight and his writ runs in dinhata, which is part of the predominantly agricultural district of cooch behar in north bengal.
he is also the chairman of the sub-divisional hospitals patient welfare committee.
the mla, however, could not say how many doctors would follow the order, which came a week after mamatabanerjee decided to act against alleged fleecing of patients by private practitioners.
in a meeting with the representatives of all major private hospitals and nursing homes of the state on february 22, the chief minister came down hard on them for overcharging and substandard service.
this is not a building material supply business.
you cant charge patients whatever you want.
you should not forget that providing life and service is a major part of your business, she said.
since then, several arrests have been made in the districts and an fir registered against kolkatas apollo gleneagles hospitals over the death of a youth whose family complained of exorbitant charges.
banerjee, who also holds the health portfolio, blames 34-year left rule for the breakdown of the health services and has promised to improve facilities.
as prime minister narendra modi powered his bjp to a spectacular in the lok sabha election, several leaders of opposition parties reacted to the first back-to-back majority for a single party in more than three decades.
as soon after it became clear that the bjp was set to come back for a second term, opposition leaders congratulated prime minister modi and talked about respecting the peoples mandate.
leading the charge was national conference leader and former chief minister of jammu and kashmir omar abdullah.
omar abdullah tweeted his congratulated the bjp and the nda for its stellar performance in the lok sabha election.
so, the exit polls were correct.
all thats left is to congratulate the bjp and nda for a stellar performance, he tweeted.
credit where credit is due.
pm modi sahib and mr amit shah put together a winning alliance and a very professional campaign.
bring on the next five years, he also said.
also read: india keeps faith in pm narendra modipeoples democratic partys (pdp) mehbooba mufti was the other leader from jammu and kashmir, where the bjp had won or was leading in three of states six seats, to extend her wishes as well as give a message to the congress party.
congratulations to narendra modi ji for a historic mandate.
today surely belongs to bjp and its allies.
time for congress to get an amit shah (sic), was mehbooba muftis reaction.
trinamool congress chief and west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee , who fought an acrimonious election battle with the bjp in the eastern state, also congratulated the winners.
congratulations to the winners.
but, all losers are not losers.
we have to do a complete review and then we will share our views with you all.
let the counting process be completed fully and the vvpats matched, she tweeted.
congress president rahul gandhi also tweeted to congratulate pm modi as his party once again failed to fire and was set to win 55 seats, only 11 more than it did in 2014.
i accept the verdict of the people of india.
congratulations to the winners, mr modi and the nda.
thank you to the people of wayanad for electing me as your mp.
thank you also to the people of amethi.
thank you congress workers & leaders for your hard work in this campaign, rahul gandhi tweeted.
also read: love never loses, we will emerge stronger, rahul gandhi after poll defeathis sister and congress general secretary priyanka gandhi said, we accept peoples verdict and congratulate pm modi and bjp workers, as she came out of rahuls gandhi residence as the grand old party registered substantial gains in south india but suffered huge losses in the hindi heartland.
several regional leaders also either called or tweeted their reaction to the bjps stellar performance.
biju janata dal leader and odisha chief minister, who come back to power in the state for a record fifth term, called pm modi to congratulate him.
i congratulate them (bjp).
i rang up the prime minister in the morning & congratulated him.
.
.
well have a constructive relationship with the central govt for the development & welfare of odisha, he was quoted as saying by news agency ani.
also read: lok sabha elections done, what next 5 years hold for key leadersoutgoing andhra pradesh chief minister and tdp head n chandrababu naidu also chipped in with his message to modis win.
i respect peoples mandate and hope that the new govt will live up to their expectations and serve them with honesty.
my heartfelt congratulations to @ysjagan garu.
i also congratulate sri @narendramodi and @bjp4india.
lauding sri@naveen_odisha for his thumping win in odisha, naidu said in a tweet, which included his opponent ys jaganmohan reddy and patnaik.
modi later acknowledged naidus tweet and thanked him for his good wishes.
todays result is against the expectations and sentiments of people.
anyway, when all the institutions of the country start bending their knees before the government, the public has to take a stand, bahujan samaj party (bsp) chief mayawati said.
also read: how opposition failed to stop the modi wave, despite unity efforther comments came after the bsp and akhilesh yadav-led samajwadi alliance failed to make the dent in the bjps performance in the politically-crucial state of uttar pradesh.
respecting the peoples mandate, i congratulate narendra modi ji.
we hope that the prime minister will pay his attention to employment, agriculture, growth and the economy in this term to fulfil peoples hopes, rjd leader tejashwi yadav tweeted in hindi.
the chief electoral officer of uttar pradesh on monday sought a report from the ghaziabad district magistrate over chief minister yogi adityanath describing the army as modiji ji sena (pm modis army) at a poll rally.
adityanaths remarks were criticised by the opposition parties which demanded an apology from the up chief minister.
the 46-year-old chief minister, who addressed election meetings in ghaziabad and greater noida on sunday, had lashed out at the congress for, what the bjp often alleges, its soft approach towards terrorism and terrorists.
congress-led government used to serve biryani to terrorists while modi jis army sends bullets and bombs their way.
congress encourages terrorists such as masood azhar by adding ji after their name, yogi adityanath said, according to a video clip of the speech put out by news agency ani.
yogi adityanath was attempting to contrast the congress and bjp regimes handling of terror.
the congress said the up chief ministers comments were an insult to the armed forces.
they are indias armed forces, not the private army of prachaar mantri.
adityanath must apologise, said congress spokesperson priyanka chaturvedi.
it is shocking to hear the up cm saying that the indian army is the modi sena.
such blatant personalisation and usurping of our beloved indian army is an insult and a humiliation, the trinamool congress supremo tweeted.
the bharatiya janata party (bjp) in west bengal has launched two organisations for the bengali film and television industry, which has been a stronghold of the ruling trinamool congress (tmc), within barely a weeks time.
bangiya chalachchitra parishad (bcp) was launched on june 22 by veteran actor biswajit chatterjee, who joined bjp in new delhi in february this year.
it has actor-turned-bjp mp from hooghly locket chatterjee as an advisor.
it is working together with film industries workers union, an organisation affiliated to bharatiya mazdoor sangh, the trade union wing of rashtriya swayamsevak sangh.
on june 29, eastern india motion pictures & cultural confederation (eimpcc) was launched in the presence of the bjp state unit president and midnapore mp dilip ghosh and union minister babul supriyo, the mp from asansol.
bcp and eimpcc have been set up for artists, technicians and producers.
both vow to free the industry in tollygunge  popularly called tollywood  from tmc-enforced malpractices.
tollygunge is part of south kolkata.
we are starting with the tollygunge industry in bengal but would later spread the organisation to assam, odisha and jharkhand, bjp state executive member sadhan talukdar said.
talukdar, who is also a film producer, and arunabha majumdar, president of bjps south kolkata district unit, are part of eimpcc.
fashion designer agnimitra paul, who is also a member of the advisory board of central board of film certification (cbfc), eimpccs president and baban ghosh the chairperson.
baban ghosh was a tmc youth leader who was inducted by dilip ghosh in 2017.
bcp has bjp national general secretary in charge of bengal, kailash vijayvargiya, and national executive member mukul roy as its advisors, said bjp leader shankudeb panda, general secretary of bcp.
panda, a former state unit chief of the tmcs student wing, was inducted in the bjp earlier this year by mukul roy.
panda directed a film earlier.
the bjps state vice-president biswapriya roychowdhury is bcps president and rantidev sengupta, who edits rashtriya swayamsevak sanghs (rss) bengali organ swastika, as vice-president.
bengals ruling party uses film and television artists to win elections but does not care for the survival of the industry.
we pleaded repeatedly for the states help and are quite fed up now.
a new organisation was necessary to fight for the revival of the industry, said producer krishna narayan daga, former president of eastern india motion pictures association (eimpa), who has joined eimpcc.
in a remark that made his backing evident for eimpcc, dilip ghosh said on june 29, when asked about the launch of bcp, does the other organisation have any registration?
bcp has called for a press meeting on july 1 to announce its programmes.
the meet will be held jointly with the kolkata film industries workers union, which is affiliated to the bharatiya mazdoor sangh (bms), the trade union wing of rss, the bjps ideological parent.
we have no idea what the other organisation (eimpcc) is planning, panda said.
the launch of two organisations by bjps state unit leaders has baffled a section of film and television industry workers.
several of us wanted an organisation to take on the tmcs monopoly and highhandedness.
we are finding it difficult to choose between the two, said an actor, who did not want to be identified.
influential tmc minister and tollygunje mla aroop biswas brother swarup, who is the president of federation of cine technicians & workers of eastern india (fctwei), is at present the most influential person in the citys studio hub.
fctwei is part of the mumbai-based all india film employees confederation.
swarup biswas, whose wife jui is the tmc councillor from ward 81 of the kolkata municipal corporation, maintains that the organisation is apolitical.
reacting to the formation of bcp, swarup biswas said, these are efforts to divide the industry.
i would not comment on those political initiatives because fctwei is an apolitical organisation.
majority of the industrys top-rung actors are seen around chief minister mamatabanerjee at most of her events.
mamata mamatabanerjee even started an award ceremony for the film and television industry after coming to power.
four actors are currently the ruling partys lok sabha members - dipak adhikary (dev), shatabdi roy, mimi chakraborty and nusrat jahan.
two others, chiranjit chakraborty and debashree roy are mlas.
actor mithun chakraborty was previously a rajya sabha mp while tapas paul and moon moon sen were lok sabha mps.
the bjp has made actor roopa ganguly a rajya sabha member and actor george baker was made a president-nominated member of the lok sabha from west bengal.
actor joy mamatabanerjee is a national executive member of the party.
the state government also has plans to create another district for sundarbans, the famous mangrove forest area where royal bengal tiger and other wildlife varieties can be found, she said.
read: kalimpong district may stoke gorkhaland firebanerjee was talking to reporters at the city airport while leaving for north bengal to inaugurate kalimpong district on tuesday.
kalimpong has been carved out of darjeeling district while asansol will be created from existing burdwan and jhargram from west midnapore district.
read: kalimpong to become district, mirik to be upgraded to sub-division, says mamataasansol and jhargram will be inaugurated in april, the chief minister said.
from this year bengal, a land of violent student politics, will hold students council elections without any political flavour.
the chief minister has approved a blueprint for student election reforms designed to make the campuses free from violence by introducing a model where contestants cannot display any flags, or festoon of any political party, or its affiliate.
the chief features of the plan consists of appointing a teacher of the college as a president to oversee the general secretary of the student council, and placing the funds of the student body under the custodianship of another teacher who will be the treasurer.
read: the vote is back: will student elections draw mumbai youth into politics?
each class can elect a single representative, instead of the current practice of having a couple.
usually they belong to rival camps, and clashes frequently erupt between them.
several prominent politicians of bengal such as former chief minister buddhadeb bhattacharjee have come up from the ranks of student leaders.
(ht photo)the move follows widespread violence in bengal campuses over the past few years.
bombs rain freely and clashes frequently erupt in colleges across the state with the ruling party student unit being in the dock in most instances.
state education minister and trinamool congress secretary general, partha chatterjee, said that though temporarily the election of class representatives will continue, in the near future the government will do away with this practice.
a system where students directly elect the office bearers of the council as in jadavpur university (ju) of kolkata and jawaharlal nehru university (jnu of delhi, will be introduced.
we have decided to limit the number of elected class representative to one per class or per department.
this will eliminate interference of political parties in students election, chatterjee said.
read: poll vault: student union elections are all about promises and bondingthe post of treasurer would also be mandatorily go to a teacher.
students wont handle funds that often triggers clashes between students, the education minister added.
the violence in bengal campuses over the past few years embarrassed chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjee.
(ht photo)incidentally, a number of prominent politicians of bengal such as buddhadeb bhattacharjee (former chief minister), md salim, (cpi-m politburo member and lok sabha mp), biman bose (cpi-m politburo member and left front chairman) subrata mukherjee (senior most minister in mamatabanerjee banerjees cabinet) and priya ranjan dasmunsi (former union minister) rose from the arena of student politics.
in the current system in most colleges and universities throughout the country, students elect the class representatives (cr), who, in turn, select office bearers such as president, vice-president, general secretary, assistant general secretary, assistant secretary and treasurer, from the elected crs.read: now, code of conduct for students electionin order to be eligible to contest, a student has to be present in a minimum of 60  of the classes.
if anyone is convicted, or charged with criminal offence he, or she, cannot contest the polls.
no student can become general secretary for more than once.
opposition parties described the move as a farce and alleged that such reforms will be fruitless unless students are able to contest without threats from ruling trinamool congress.
since 2011, there had not been elections in most colleges and universities in west bengal.
students who are not trusted by trinamool leaders are threatened if they file nominations.
unless the unions are democratically and freely elected, all reforms will be farce, said the bengal unit president of student federation of india, madhuja sen roy.
west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee and her goons have converted the state into a mini pakistan, tripura bjp womens wing chief papia datta said on thursday.
hundreds of women wing workers from tripura have written jai shri ram on postcards to send them to banerjee.
to take part in the nationwide program, tripura unit of bjp mahila morcha will send postcards with jai shri ram written on them to banerjee.
mamata mamatabanerjee and her goons have converted west bengal into a mini pakistan and she is allergic to ram, a symbol of truth, datta told ani.
she has also advised mamatabanerjee to start the practice chanting of jai shri ram.
the furore over jai shri ram slogan started after mamatabanerjee lost her cool when a group of men chanted jai shri ram as her convoy was passing through bhatpara area in north 24 parganas district recently.
(this story has been published from a wire agency feed without modifications to the text.
only the headline has been changed.
chief ministers mamatabanerjee and arvind kejriwal were among those who skipped niti aayogs governing council meet with the prime minister on sunday in new delhi.
the third meeting of the council began at rashtrapati bhawan with the main agenda of deliberating on the 15-year vision document to accelerate the countrys economic development.
west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee and delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal could not come to attend the governing council meeting today at rashtrapati bhavan, a source said.
however, the source said deputy chief minister manish sisodia represented delhi at the meet.
the source further said a large number of chief ministers are attending the meeting because prime minister narendra modi had refused to allow their official representatives to participate in the deliberations.
the source said modi had made it clear that only the chief minister or the deputy chief minister will represent their states and no other official will be allowed to participate in the meeting.
the council, which is the apex body of the niti aayog, is headed by the prime minister and includes all chief ministers and members.
among the opposition ruled states, punjabs captain amarinder singh, bihars nitish kumar, tripuras manik sarkar, karnatakas siddaramaiah, and tamil nadus edappadi k palaniswami attended the meeting.
others included uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath, jammu and kashmirs mehbooba mufti sayeed, and odishas naveen patnaik.
union ministers nitin gadkari, rajnath singh, suresh prabhu, prakash javadekar, rao inderjit singh and smriti irani also attended the meet.
her comments came just eight days before the narendra modi government is to start declassification of the files with the centre on january 23, netajis birth anniversary.
banerjee was unveiling a plaque at netaji bhavan on the eve of the 75th anniversary of the leaders great escape from house arrest in 1941.
three members of the bose family  netajis niece-in-law and former mp krishna bose, her historian son sugato bose (also a lok sabha mp), and his brother, sumantra  were seated beside banerjee.
the three are the only family members to believe that netaji died in the crash.
banerjee said, sugato and krishna di may believe (in the theory of air crash) but i dont.
i am not a historian.
im speaking from the perspective of a common man.
and my hunch is that he did not die in that air crash.
but i can say for sure that it should have been done long ago.
rather, the question is: why did the government not take up the issue with russia?
after an unprecedented show on ram navami this year, the saffron camp is preparing for a shastra puja in bengal on bijoya dasami.
according to a closely guarded plan, weapons such as swords and scythes and even firearms will be worshipped in different parts of the state and carried in processions.
the plan is a step forward after the unprecedented success of ram navami and hanuman jayanti celebrations on april 5, when hundreds of youths participated in processions displaying swords and other weapons.
rallies were organised in bhawanipore near the residence of chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjee.
incidentally, muharram, when shia muslims take out processions, often carrying swords to mourn the battle of karbala, is slated on the next day, october 1.
sachindranath singha, vishwa hindu parishad organisational secretary for west bengal, odisha, sikkim and andaman, told ht the organisation will take all legal steps if the mamatabanerjee administration tries to stop shastra puja.
well see how the government can bar hindus from taking out processions on bijoya dasami.
display of swords is not illegal and the government should not come in the way if licensed arms are worshipped , singha said.
rss and vhp usually celebrate the occasion with grandeur in various parts of the country.
in other states, vhp and bajrang dal courted controversy several times for displaying firearms during shastra puja, and even for celebratory firing.
shastra puja has never been popular in west bengal.
bengalis celebrate bijoya dasami with sindoor khela, when married women spear each others face with vermilion.
however, processions with lathis and swords are taken out in some areas such as asansol, kharagpur, durgapur and burnpur that are dominated by hindi-speaking hindus.
we do not have any specific information, but we will keep an eye on such celebrations, said adg law and order, anuj sharma.
in 2016, a series of low-intensity communal clashes took place in bengal centering bijoya dasami and muharram.
the saffron camp plan is likely to trigger a fresh controversy in the state.
in april, following display of swords in ram navami processions, cm mamatabanerjee threatened stringent actions against illegal display of weapons.
the comments came during a 45-minute tv interview aired by a bengali channel on thursday night.
the term of president pranab mukherjee will end on july 24 and there are talk of bjp fielding advani for the post.
banerjee also refrained from attacking prime minister narendra modi and and bjp president amit shah, named the bjp only a few times and referred to the rss as a saffron outfit.
asked why the sole trinamool mp in manipur was supporting the bjp government, she said: these things happen in the north-eastern states.
money decides politics out there.
i dont even know this man.
i am wondering why akhilesh yadav and the congress have not lodged complaints about evm machines like mayawati.
they can still move court.
she said the the bahujan sawajwadi party and samajwadi party should contest the 2019 general elections as allies as the congress is weak in up.
the saffron brigade is so keen to spread in bengal because it knows that fate of the 2019 lok sabha elections will be decided by bengal.
dont be surprised if you see trinamool congress leading the nation or offering crucial support to the next government.
the chief minister said her party will field candidates for assembly polls in odisha, uttar pradesh and rajasthan.
i keep getting invitation from people in many states.
wait and watch, she said.
it was singhs media venture, tehelka, that carried out the sting operation in 2014.
mathew samuel, who caught the trinamool leaders on camera, released the tapes in 2016 after forming his own company, narada news.
complaints have been lodged against singhs chit fund.
now law will take its own course, said banerjee.
singh also held shares in a local tv channel.
i thought he was a good man and made him an mp.
i made a blunder.
he has links with bjp leaders.
i havent met him in four years.
probably he keeps in touch with our mps in delhi, said the chief minister.
she reiterated that her party leaders had been framed and offering bribe was a crime as well.
the person (samuel) posed as a journalist and told iqbal ahmed (kolkatas deputy mayor who took samuel to most of the accused) that he wanted to interview our leaders.
i hold no prejudice against the cbi.
i want the truth to be exposed, said banerjee.
i was in kolkata just before christmas, always a great time to be there because of the enthusiasm with which kolkatans celebrate that festival.
this time, while attempts to prevent christians celebrating were made in madhya pradesh and uttar pradesh, in kolkata , chief minister mamatabanerjee joined in singing carols .
whenever i speak about indias tradition of religious tolerance, of accepting that there are different ways to god, i quote the way indians of different faiths enjoy celebrating each others religious festivals.
as an example, i tell of my amazement to find sikhs in the congregation at my first midnight mass in the cathedral of the redemption in new delhi.
i had just arrived from an england where my roman catholic friends were barred from coming to a church of england service with me.
but here were people of a completely different religion attending a christian service.
since then i have frequently been invited to join in the celebrations of hindu, buddhist, sikh, muslim and parsi festivals.
i went to kolkata to attend the 10th world confluence of spirituality, power, and humanity organised by the srei and kanoria foundations.
several speakers at the conference suggested that india should be the vishwa or worlds guru because of its tradition of religious plurality.
that plurality was highlighted by the wide variety of faith leaders at the conference.
among them were the roman catholic archbishop of ranchi, cardinal telesphore toppo, and imam umer ahmed ilyasi, chief imam of the all india imam organisations, the venerable bhikkhu sanghasena of the mahabodhi meditation centre in leh, and srimat swami shuddhianandaji, of the advaita ashram.
the rss was represented by indresh kumar.
former president of india pranab mukherjee also spoke.
i chaired a session discussing the possibility of india playing the role of vishwa guru in tackling the problem of climate change.
the recent snowfall in florida might even persuade united states president donald trump that this is a problem.
in the session the threat the world faces from climate change and the degradation of our environment was discussed in a spiritual context.
the disappointing progress made at the 2015 united nations paris conference on climate change and trumps reaction to the limited accord which was reached there indicate how little the worlds political leaders will do to avert this threat.
but where do spiritual leaders come in?
climate change is a crisis which requires much more fundamental changes than technology can provide.
the fundamental changes we need are changes in the way we live our lives.
those changes will only come about if we revive our respect for nature and it is faith traditions which teach that the earth and all that is in it is sacred.
in introducing the topic spirituality and nature  climate change at the confluence, i quoted from amitav ghoshs the great derangement: climate change and the unthinkable.
the derangement is our madness in failing to realise the danger of the unthinkable happening if we dont get real about climate change.
ghosh wrote, the most promising development (in the environment movement) is the growing involvement of religious groups and leaders in the politics of climate change.
if the securitization and corporatization of climate change is to be prevented, then already existing communities and mass organisations will have to be in the forefront of the struggle.
and of such organisations, those with religious affiliations possess the ability to mobilize people in far greater number than any others.
the lifestyle changes we need to make are widely seen as burdensome, giving up a lot which makes life easier and enjoyable, but faith traditions demonstrate that we will live deeper, fuller, and hence happier lives if we do make the required changes.
however, the impact of the faith communities would be much louder if they all spoke with one voice.
at the end of our discussion the speakers, a jesuit priest, father francis gonsalves, an islamic scholar, aslam parvaiz, and two prominent hindus, swami chidananda saraswati, and sadhvi bhagawati saraswati, all agreed it was worth continuing the search for that one voice.
maybe indias new years resolution should be to become the vishwa guru on climate change by showing to the world that this one voice exists here and manifest its ability to mobilise people.
prime minister narendra modi said on sunday states need to work together for what he calls a vision to create a new india, addressing a meeting of the niti aayogs governing council that was skipped by chief ministers mamatabanerjee and arvind kejriwal  two of his staunchest critics.
the niti aayog is the countrys top-most policy making body, and its governing council has among its members the prime minister and all chief ministers of the country.
sundays meeting was called to discuss a 15-year vision document that would lay down the roadmap for indias growth, economically and socially.
the niti aayog is working on a 15-year long term vision, 7-year medium term strategy, and 3-year action agenda this effort needs support of states, pmo quoted modi as saying in his opening statement.
the country is trying to push its gdp growth to upwards of 7.
5  after it slipped to 7.
1  in 2016-17 from 7.
9  a year ago, due to the demonetisation drive in november.
among those efforts is the rollout of a new indirect taxation regime, the gst, which the pm referred to on sunday to drive home his point about federal cooperation.
consensus on gst will go down in history as a great illustration of cooperative federalism, modi said.
gst reflects the spirit of one nation, one aspiration, one determination.
the prime minister also called for discussions on a plan to hold simultaneous elections be carried on.
save for mamatabanerjee and kejriwal, sundays meeting was attended by most of the other cms.west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee and delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal could not come to attend the governing council meeting today at rashtrapati bhavan, news agency pti quoted a source as saying.
kejriwal, however, sent deputy chief minister manish sisodia to represent delhi, the source said.
according to the unidentified source, prime minister modi had refused to allow anyone but the cms and their deputies to attend the deliberations.
from opposition-ruled states, punjab chief minister captain amarinder singh, bihar chief minister nitish kumar, tripura chief minister manik sarkar, karnataka chief minister siddaramaiah and tamil nadu chief minister edappadi k palaniswami were at the meeting.
in addition to the cms, union ministers nitin gadkari, rajnath singh, suresh prabhu, prakash javadekar, rao inderjit singh and smriti irani also attended the meet.
appreciating state and central ministers, modi said, team india has once again assembled today to discuss and reflect on ways to prepare india for changing global trends.
the meeting today would be an opportunity to exchange views on policies and implementation.
the pm said the government, private sector and civil society need to work in sync for the countrys development.
states can also contribute to the policy formulation, he said referring to e-nam, the online national agriculture marketing platform that was drawn up on the lines of states proposals.
the pm appreciated chief ministers suggestions on centrally-sponsored schemes, and the swachh bharat, skill development and digital payments programmes.
it was the first time chief ministers had been asked to recommend the list of centrally sponsored schemes and the sharing pattern despite funding constraints.
the recommendations were accepted immediately, he said.
the bharatiya janata party will not be able to get more than 125 seats in the lok sabha elections beginning april 11 and the anti-bjp front is going to form the next government, west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee asserted on sunday.
addressing a massive rally to express solidarity with the telugu desam party at visakhapatnam, the trinamool chief said the bjp, in the 2014 general elections, won just 21 seats in south india out of which 17 were from karnataka.
this time, it wont be able to get even this figure.
in the recent assembly elections in rajasthan, madhya pradesh and chhattisgarh, the bjp put up a poor show and it will be reflected in the lok sabha elections.
even in gujarat, the partys number will come down.
in uttar pradesh, the bjp could get 73 out of 80 seats (in 2014) because of a split in anti-bjp votes by the samajwadi party and the bahujan samaj party.
this time, the bjp wont get more than 15 seats, as the sp and the bsp are fighting together.
over all, the tally of the bjp will not be more than 125 seats, she said.
she challenged prime minister narendra modi for a national level debate on the performance of the nda government in the last five years.
we shall send our representative for the debate without any papers.
let modi answer our queries without looking into papers or teleprompters, she said.
taking a jibe, the west bengal chief minister said that the prime minister was afraid of facing the media.
the prime minister with 56-inch chest speaks 560 lies.
you talk of corruption in every other state ruled by the opposition and engineer raids by the cbi, i-t and enforcement directorate.
but you remain silent on the scams taking place in your own government like rafale deal.
empty vessels make more sound, she said.
banerjee pointed out that a chaiwalah had now become a chowkidar, but he was not a watchman for the country but for looters and scamsters.
describing the elections as special for the people of the country, the bengal cm asked the people to exercise their vote cautiously.
we dont want modi.
after elections, we shall sit and decide who would become the prime minister.
modi doesnt have to bother about it, she said.
describing chandrababu naidu as desh ki netha, she praised naidu for doing a lot for the state and hoped that he would do even more in the coming years.
if he becomes the cm again, he will do a lot and fight delhi too, she said.
she felt there are a few leaders to stand firmly for the country.
earlier, delhi chief minister and aam admi party chief arvind kejriwal called upon people to save the nation from modi-amit shah duo.
if they come back to power, there will be no elections in the country for another 30 years, as they want to change the entire constitution, he warned.
calling the modi government as the most corrupt government since independence, kejriwal said that demonetisation was the biggest scam played upon the poor of the nation.
the poison of communalism has actually done more damage to the fabric of the nation than pakistan does, he said.
tdp cheif naidu said that modi had betrayed the people of the state by not granting special category status.
he is a split personality.
he does not do what he tells people and does not tell what he actually does, naidu said.
he explained the welfare and development schemes taken up by his government in the last five years and appealed to the people to bless him with another term.
it was prime minister narendra modis day out on monday.
he travelled to delhis akshardham temple in a metro with his australian counterpart, malcolm turnbull, attended a champaran satyagrah event in the evening and ended his day with a patting on his back from allies.
prime minister modi delivered a lecture to 33 nda partners at its second such meeting after coming to power.
here are the five broad takeaways from the meeting.
1.
modi, the prime minister: his economic policies and welfare schemes came in for praise from allies.
a resolution adopted at the meeting praised modi for inclusive growth and uplift of the social and economic status of the poor.
this was in consistence with the bjps effort to shed the pro-rich, pro-corporate tag that the opposition has attached to it.
2.
modi, the leader: nda allies expressed a deep sense of appreciation towards modi for providing a decisive and bold leadership to nda partners.
they reposed faith in his leadership and asked people to resolve to vote another government under modi in 2019.
modi would be the ndas face in the next election and the endorsement showed the confidence that allies had in his ability to win election.
3.
show of unity: the meeting coincided with the oppositions effort to cobble up an alliance against modi in 2019.
the size and the shape of any such alliance are still not known, and modi wanted to take the fizz out of the exercise by showcasing the grand nda parivar.
it also came on a day several opposition parties approached the election commission with request to review the use of electronic voting machines (evm) in election.
the scale of modis victory in the recent election has forced them to believe that evms were tampered.
4.
call for expansion: the nda has presence in almost every state - from kashmir to tamil nadu and maharashtra to arunachal pradesh.
still, the resolution adopted at the meeting called for the need to expand the nda by taking other parties on board.
there has been speculation about bihar chief minister nitish kumars overtures to the bjp.
west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee and odisha chief minister naveen patnaik had been part of the nda in the past.
while the bjp ruled out any truck with them in the near future, politics also leaves scope for interpretations.
the exercise is also an effort to woo many smaller regional parties who can add muscles to the nda.
5.
presidential election: india will elect a new president in july and the bjp is trying to keep its flock together to get its man elected to the top position.
the issue did not come up for discussion in the meeting but the effort to reach out to allies was seen as an attempt to send a message to partners that the bjp values their position in the nda.
west bengal panchayat elections will be held on may 14, the state election commission said on thursday, triggering allegations from opposition parties that the single-phase voting decision was taken to oblige the ruling trinamool congress.
before the polling process was stalled following opposition parties moving the calcutta high court, alleging widespread violence, the poll body had notified three-phase voting between may 1 and may 5.
the elections will be held on may 14.
repoll, if any, will be held on may 16.
the date of counting has not yet been decided, said the poll bodys secretary, nilanjan shandilya.
polling will be held between 7 am and 5 pm, he added.
at the time of the copy being published, the poll body was yet to issue the formal notification.
election officials did not comment on buzz that the counting of votes could take place on may 17.
over the last few days, chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjees stated position was the state government did not want the polls to be held during ramzan month (likely to begin around mid-may), or during peak summer, or rains.
during the day, the state government formally informed state election commissioner ak singh that it was in favour of single-phase polling.
the single phase was decided in view of the ramzan month, said shandilya.
the cm said, we are happy with the new poll schedule.
we demanded that the polls must be held before ramzan.
now, i request all opposition parties to contest the polls instead of getting into unnecessary mudslinging.
she added, i have information that people from outside bengal have been brought in to create trouble.
we will not tolerate this.
we will strengthen vigil along the state border.
opposition leaders, who have accused the trinamool of unleashing violence during the nomination phase that claimed seven lives, pointed out the state has around 46,000 armed police personnel and 12,000 more without firearms, while there are more than 58,400 polling stations.
it appears that the poll panel wants to conduct the elections with the help of trinamool congress workers and not policemen.
is this an election at all?
congress mla and leader of the opposition in the bengal assembly, abdul mannan, said, the polling process has turned into a farce.
he accused the election commissioner of taking every step at the instruction of the state secretariat.
the cpi(m) too attacked the poll body.
the state election commission has turned the polls into childs play.
how can polls be held in a day when there are not enough security personnel?
said cpi(m) leader and advocate bikash bhattacharyya.
opposition leaders said the state would be hard-pressed to find enough polling personnel.
ballot papers will be used and each booth will require five polling personnel, turning the single-day exercise into a logistical nightmare, the opposition alleged.
incidentally, during the 2014 general elections, two police personnel with firearms and two constables with batons were deployed at booths deemed highly sensitive in the state.
booths deemed normal had one police official with weapon and one constable.
despite attempts, the state election commissioner could not be reached for comment.
oppn parties file fewer nominations, accuse trinamool of intimidationthe bjp succeeded in fielding candidates from just 57  of west bengals gram panchayat seats, allegedly due to attempts by the ruling trinamool congress to prevent opposition parties from filing nominations.
while left front candidates filed nominations from 40  of the seats, the congress remained a distant third at 15 .
the trinamool, by contrast, fielded 58,978 candidates from 48,650 seats across the state.
there is nothing untoward about this, considering that more than one candidate from a party are allowed to file nominations from one seat.
the party eventually gives its symbol to just one candidate, forcing the others to either withdraw or contest as independents.
these figures prove that the nomination exercise was a farce.
we fear that the situation will get even worse during polling, said bjp national secretary rahul sinha.
sujan chakraborty, leader of the left parties in the state assembly, also accused the trinamool of intimidating opposition candidates.
the figures speak for themselves.
left candidates have been prevented from filing nominations by both the trinamool congress and the bjp, he said.
the ruling party, however, trashed the accusations.
how are we responsible if the opposition parties are unable to find candidates to fight for them?
asked party secretary general and state education minister partha chatterjee.
sit to probe murder on last day of nominationbirbhum district police changed the investigating officer and set up a special investigation team (sit) to investigate the murder of dildar khan on april 23, the last day of filing of nominations.
on tuesday night, police arrested four persons in connection with khans murder.
the arrests triggered a war of words between the bjp and the trinamool.
the bjp claimed the slain man and all the four persons arrested for his murder were its activists.
the trinamool, however, insisted khan was their party activist.
investigation is going on.
we have set up a four-member sit to work on the case, said n sudheer kumar, superintendent of police, birbhum.
khan, who was in his thirties, was shot dead at suri in birbhum district on monday.
after serving the city as the cradle of countless agitation programmes for about 200 years, college square, regarded as kolkatas protest hub is going to fall silent soon, thanks to chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjees instructions following a complaint from research scholars of calcutta university that is within a stones throw from the historic square.
fuming opposition leaders have vowed to resist her plan.
meetings and rallies should be stopped in college square.
political parties do it.
i also do it, but only twice a year.
others keep doing it all the time.
how can students study if people are raising slogans constantly on microphones?
trinamool congress wont conduct any meetings there, and all parties must follow it, remarked mamatabanerjee at an administrative meeting at chinsurah of hooghly district on thursday.
read: tmc in a fix over rise of bjps aggressive hindutva in bengalthis is a super proposal.
i know political parties hold numerous agitation programmes at the spot and microphones blare all the time.
you please submit an application to kolkata police and we will turn it into a silence zone, she said reacting to a students complaint that numerous agitation programmes at the spot make it difficult for them to study.
college street is also lined by shops selling old and new books on either side.
(wikipedia)opposition leaders across the political spectrum reacted sharply to the chief ministers instructions.
within an hour of the chief minister issuing instructions, it became clear that the opposition will rush to college square to protest the gag order.
incidentally, the chief minister was reacting to a suggestion by a research scholar who told the chief minister that they face difficulties because of blaring microphones.
before he could even complete a sentence, mamatabanerjee took over and told the students to submit a formal complaint letter to kolkata police.
she also told the dgp on the dais to convey her instructions to the city police commissioner rajeev kumar.
college square located on the 1.
5-km long college street is a part of kolkatas heritage.
it not only accommodates more than half a dozen reputable and the countrys oldest educational institutions, but also is the location of the citys famous market of new and old books with hundreds of publishers dotting the entire zone.
mamata mamatabanerjee is trying to find a pretext to deprive the opposition of a traditional spot of protest, opposition leaders have alleged.
(ht photo)the institutions in this area are hindu school (set up on january 20, 1817), hare school (1818), presidency university (1817), calcutta university (1857), calcutta medical college (1835) and sanskrit college (1824).
read: narada sting and saffron push may really hurt mamatabanerjee for a while to comecollege square has been a spot of agitation and protest since the days of henry derozio and young bengal movement in the early nineteenth century.
mamata mamatabanerjee is simply using an excuse to silence us, remarked cpi(m) politburo member and lok sabha mp md salim.
calcutta university was not set up day before yesterday.
educational institutions and protest meetings co-existed for decades.
the chief minister got her own people to raise the point so that she could utilise the opportunity to muffle the voice of the opposition, said bjp state president dilip ghosh.
he made it clear that bjp will not abide by it.
a left rally on college street against mamatabanerjee government .
(facebook)significantly, apart from political parties, different associations, ngos, pressure groups and bodies all use college square as a spot of protest.
college street has been a centre of protest for more than a century.
the chief ministers direction is nothing but high-handedness.
if she is keen on curbing noise pollution, the government should be enforcing the no-horn zones near hospitals first, remarked amal kumar mukhopadhyay who spent nearly 50 years in college street, first as a student of presidency college and then as its principal.
it was all staged.
why should students of calcutta university travel all the way to hooghly to raise this question.
actually, she is scared of the opposition after our successful march to the secretariat on may 22, and is determined to silence us somehow, said leader of the left parties in the assembly sujan chakraborty.
in the end sixties and early seventies, college street and college square were the hotbeds of violence during the naxalite days as students of presidency college and calcutta university turned rebels by the dozens, turning the entire zone into a major headache for kolkata police.
even after naxalism faded away, parties of all hues used college square as a frequent seat of agitation programmes.
marching from college square to esplande became a preferred choice of political parties.
hundreds of student and political activists staged demonstrations in chennai on wednesday, intensifying protests against a ban on cow slaughter and alleged assault of an iit madras scholar for participating in a campus beef festival.
a section of iit-m students took out a separate procession, demanding action against nine students accused of assaulting r sooraj, who was left with a severely damaged right eye.
the central government notification outlawing sale of cattle for slaughter at animal markets has angered many in tamil nadu and kerala where beef and buffalo meat is a popular delicacy.
political opponents of the ruling bjp at the centre say the ban violates individual rights and will hurt millions of cattle and meat traders.
the madras high court on tuesday ordered a four-week stay on the notification.
police said several activists of the leftist students federation of india (sfi) were detained during the protests outside the iit madras.
the slogan-shouting activists ate beef in a symbolic protest against the ban.
nine students have been booked for the alleged assault on sooraj.
they are yet to be arrested.
police said in chennai the students were booked for criminal intimidation, rioting and wrongful restraint.
sooraj has also been booked on the basis of a complaint filed by one of his attackers, manish kumar.
the opposition dmk also criticised on ban, saying a situation had arisen where we should eat only what the prime minister desires.
so, this ban, what we eat is now being restricted.
.
.
the civil liberties guaranteed by the constitution are being snatched.
freedom is being snatched, said party working president mk stalin, who led the protest.
he also warned of another marina revolution, referring to the pro-jalliakktu protests held by scores of volunteers in january, following which the banned bull taming sport was allowed.
the protesting iit students lodged a complaint with the dean of the institution and demanded strict action against those guilty.
the students are demanding expulsion of the alleged attackers, said to be members of the right-wing akhil bharatiya vidyarthi parishad (abvp).
the dean has formed a committee to examine the issue.
not satisfied with the response of iit administration, the students have decided to intesify the protests.
the adminstration has not even gone to meet sooraj, who was injured in the eye, and financial aid to him was still not given.
the attackers were not even suspended so far, said abhinav surya, one of the protesters.
kerala chief minister pinarayi vijayan has condemned the attack and requested his tamil nadu counterpart edappadi k palaniswami to take action against the guilty.
our constitution has given us the freedom to consume the food of our choice and any act of intolerance is a violation of the basic rights enshrined in the constitution, the chief minister said in a statement on tuesday.
on monday, congress activists in kerala killed a cow in a public square, an act that sparked outrage and forced party leaders to condemn the incident.
karnataka chief minister siddaramaiah said his government was analysing the developments.
regulating cattle trade is a state subject but animal welfare is overseen by the centre.
the new rules didnt amount to a blanket ban on cattle trade or their slaughter.
but the move was expected to choke supplies to the countrys rs 1-lakh crore meat and allied industries that source about 90  of their requirements from animal markets.
activists and opposition political parties say the rule discriminates against muslims, christians and lower-caste hindus who rely on the cheap meat for protein.
in 2006, susanta kumar jyoti thought his life was about to turn a corner.
a marginal farmer in southern bengals singur, the 44-year-old signed up for one of the hundreds of jobs promised to locals at a car factory coming up in his neighbourhood.
months later, jyoti was whisked away for training as a mechanical worker by tata motors, which was setting up a plant for its newest offering, the nano, the fabled rs1 lakh car.
but by the time he finished his practice stints in jamshedpur and pune, the then left front government acquired the 997.
1 acres of land required for the factory under a british-era law, allegedly through local strongmen, with scant compensation.
the agitation by farmers and activist groups gave way to a mass protest headlined by trinamool congress (tmc) chief mamatabanerjee , who sat on a 26-day-long hunger strike that pitched the issue to the national stage, forcing the tatas to move the project out of singur.
at the time, the tmc was reeling from its disastrous show in the 2004 general and 2006 assembly polls one out of 42 seats and 30 out of 294, respectively  and the agitation gave mamatabanerjee the boost she needed to uproot 34 years of left rule in 2011.
all i got was an id card for a job that never happened, said jyoti.
almost a decade later, jyoti is hopeful again, after actor-turned-bharatiya janata party (bjp) leader locket chatterjee defeated two-time tmc parliamentarian ratna de nag by over 70,000 votes in the hooghly parliamentary constituency, in which singur lies.
during her campaign, didi [chatterjee] only spoke of bringing industry back to singur.
she is close to modi.
maybe she can bring back the factory.
i have faith in didi; that is why i voted bjp for the first time in my life, said jyoti, using the sobriquet usually reserved for banerjee.
career shiftbefore she was one of bengals rising political stars, chatterjee was a familiar face with roles in some of the states most-watched daily soaps and telefilms.
born in a brahmin family in december 1970, chatterjee describes her upbringing as conservative.
her father was a priest at the dakshineswar temple, and a descendant of gadadhar chattopadhyay, better known as the influential 19th century ascetic ramakrishna paramahamsa.
when she was three, her mother took her to a dance school.
we were not very well off, but my mother would take me to dance class every day, she said.
she soon joined a dance troupe led by famous dancer-choreographer-artist mamatabanerjee shankar, and travelled abroad frequently hampering her undergraduate degree in zoology from kolkatas jogamaya devi college, also the alma mater of the cm.
for 10 years, i danced and taught dance.
that was the first phase of my life, she said.
married as a teenager, chatterjee entered the television industry in the late 1990s.
i was a professional, a directors actor.
but i dont think i can go back [to acting].
in 2012, chatterjee joined the tmc, and was given a position in the state womens commission.
but the stint was suffocating, said chatterjee.
they wanted to use me as an actor, a prop, she said.
in 2015, she joined the bjp  the then state unit chief rahul sinha at the time introduced her to the media as didis locket, signalling the reportedly close ties between the two.
two years later, chatterjee began to lead the bjps womens wing in the state.
it is during this stint that i really learnt what politics in bengal was.
i went to every part of the state.
wherever there was a rape or crime or complaint, i would rush there  in a jeep, on a bike.
i felt like i had it inside me, she said.
in the 2016 state polls, she fought from the tmc citadel of birbhum, but lost.
fighting elections never felt like a challenge to me.
wherever i would go, i would help the women rise in protest against trinamool oppression.
i would tell them, if i can fight, you can too.
the people accepted me as a leader  as a netri [woman leader], not abhinetri [actor], she said.
new challengefor a place that has simmered at the heart of bengals politics for over a decade, singur appears to be singularly unremarkable.
a 45-minute drive from kolkata, the place is a semi-urban clot of settlements and hutments on either side of the national highway.
held by the left front since 1957, with the exception of 1984, the region was considered a stronghold of farmers owing to its fertile land that often yielded three crops a year.
when mamatabanerjee came to power in 2011, she had said within 24 hours, her government would start the process of returning land to the farmers.
five days after she took oath, the state government passed a law to take possession of the land, and in 2016, the supreme court termed the original land acquisition by the left front illegal, vindicating banerjee.
little remains of the tata project now except withering walls and construction debris.
but for local farmers murari panja and pralhad guchait, the problems are elsewhere.
the stone chips, sand and construction material spread across the 997 acres have turned the once-fertile soil fallow, and now, many farmers say it is impossible to grow crops and make a livelihood.
the only hope is if a factory opens here, said kanika das, a local resident.
in her 44-day campaign, chatterjee made industrialisation a central theme.
across hooghly, more than 100 factories have shut down.
there are no jobs.
yes, farming is important, but so is industry.
the votes of singur made mamatabanerjee the chief minister but she never looked back at them, she said.
while banerjees government did deliver on its promises, by returning land to the farmers, announcing subsidised wheat and rice, and offering government jobs, the recent lok sabha loss here can be attributed to the lack of formal jobs, infighting in the party, and a mass shift of the opposition base  people like guchait who chose the bjp because they knew the left was losing.
despite chatterjees confidence, bengals industrial woes are long-drawn.
it lags behind maharashtra and tamil nadu in industrial infrastructure.
political muscle-flexing in local industrial units is widespread, and though bengal leads in small and micro-level industries, this is not enough to fill the employment gap.
add to that a ballooning public debt (at rs4.
31 lakh crore among the largest in the country) and a rapidly ageing workforce, it is clear why the biggest chunk of the states workforce is caught in low-paying, small-scale labour market.
another leg of chatterjees campaign rested on bringing the national register of citizenship  an exercise undertaken in assam to root out so-called illegal immigrants  to bengal, to remove outsiders.
on a scorching hot day in singur, next to the fields that would have been the nano factory, chatterjee announces her plan for the constituency.
i will go to delhi, i will collect your testimonials and give it to prime minister [narendra] modi; i will speak to all industrial leaders, take meetings with the tatas, bring back industry here and get jobs for everyone.
she sits down next to jyoti on a tarpaulin sheet, asks her aides to collect photos of his certificates, and waves at the crowd, before being mobbed for selfies.
i will give my 100  to bring industry.
there should be only one word in hooghly.
development.
