the relation between doctors and patients should not be a professional one.
rather, it should be based on love and compassion .
people travel from far-off places with the hope of getting good treatment from doctors and a compassionate attitude can solve a lot of problems.
we also need to behave politely with them.
the chief minister said that there were many bjp-ruled states like gujarat, rajasthan where the government imposed laws like esma (essential services maintenance act) and forced the doctors to join work.
we could have done that but we believe that counselling and change in attitude can sort out the problems, she said, adding that the government is making counselling arrangements for both the doctors and patients so that such incidents don't occur.
what happened was unwanted.
health secretary has spoken to the private hospitals, too, and we are trying to make fool-proof plan, she added.
meanwhile, minister of state for health chandrima bhattacharya said that the state had taken a 17-pronged approach to reduce the rising security threats and prevent any kind of untoward incidents at medical colleges and hospitals.
after the completion of the audit, security measures will be strengthened in each medical college according to their on-ground report.
a standard operating procedure (sop) is prepared where entry and exit protocols will be formulated.
it will indicate the number of people to be allowed with the patient party.
cards with specific colours will be issued for entry to the wards.
there will be a nodal officer for each medical college and police are being asked to intervene immediately if there is any kind of security threat.
there will also be cctv monitoring and 24x7 public grievance cell, bhattacharya said.
an officer of the rank of dc will be responsible for formulating security arrangements in the city and it will be supervised by an assistant commissioner.
hospital officials have also been asked to depute professional agencies for providing security at the hospitals, she said, adding that there is a need for sensitizing the doctors also.
other support staff have been asked to be sensitive towards patients and their relatives.
the security arrangements will be monitored every fortnight, the minister added.
this story is from february 9, 2019kolkata police officers leave salt lake ca-39 after a 4-hour visitdownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
kolkata: the tit-for-tat between the central bureau of investigation and kolkata police continued on friday, with a city police team visiting the offices of angela mercantiles private limited, a financial firm that has been linked in the past with cbi additional director-general m nageswara raos relative.
the kp move came a day before its commissioner, rajeev kumar, was scheduled to be questioned by a cbi team in shillong on saturday.
rao was the interim cbi director when a team from the central agency landed at kp commissioner kumars loudon street residence last sunday for a special operation, the action that sparked off an unprecedented stand-off between the centre and the bengal government.
chief minister mamatabanerjee sat on an impromptu dharna for 70 hours till a supreme court order came that allowed the cbi to question kumar but barred it from arresting him.
city police teams reached the two offices of angela mercantiles on dalhousies clive row and a building at salt lakes ca-39 on friday evening.
initially, senior kp officials refused to either confirm or deny the development despite hundreds of witnesses seeing several kp vehicles parked outside the two addresses.
late at night, kp issued a statement that said: certain media reports are incorrectly reporting that kolkata police is raiding firm linking one senior police officer.
kolkata police has conducted raid on angela mercantile pvt ltd, a company owned by one mr praveen aggrawal, who has not registered his firm as per law (sic).
kolkata police had lodged a complaint of financial irregularities against angela mercantile with bowbazar police station about four months ago, officials said.
rao had last year released a statement explaining his wifes relationship with the firm and denying all charges.
this statement was reissued on friday by the cbi.
it suggested that raos wife had taken a loan from the firm to buy property in andhra pradesh.
she later repaid this loan after selling her ancestral property, part of which she also invested in angela mercantiles itself.
the clive row address is angela mercantiles registered office in kolkata, according to records with the registrar of companies.
a 12-member team, comprising kolkata police detective department officers and personnel from bowbazar and hare street police stations, reached the office around 2pm and were still inside when reports last came in.
none of the officers was willing to speak on the reason for and the nature of the operations.
the salt lake ca-39 address used to be the firms office till october 2018.
a six-member kp team in plain clothes reached this office and told the caretaker that they were from lalbazar and asked to be let into the ground-floor flat.
they left after over four and a half hours with laptops and bags packed with files and documents.
witnesses said cops took one person with them for questioning, but officials refused to confirm anything.
the first and second floors of the property are residential apartments.
cops did not knock there.
darjeeling: the bengal government has received rs 1,500crore business proposals for the hills on the concluding day of the first hill business summit (hbs) held in darjeeling on wednesday.
the proposals came after chief minister mamatabanerjee offered rs 100 crore from her governments funds as seed money for setting up business in the area as a gesture of the states commitment towards the development of the hills.
the cms focus was on the younger generation, many of whom are leaving the hills for jobs and education, adding to the disgruntlement among the hills people.
the cm pointed out that apart from the ambuja neotia group and keventer agro, luxmi tea group md rudra chatterjee too has promised to invest rs 350 crore in makaibari and matigara.
all these indicate that investors are keen on putting in money in this place.
the cii has prepared a draft plan on the potential of the area.
the msme department will be doing the synergy to offer the single-window clearance for business.
proposals are coming, the cm said.
on the governments part, the state will be recruiting 3,000 home guards from the hills and will also clear the salaries of the gorkhaland territorial administration employees.
darjeeling is a brand name for people from across the world.
the hills youths have ample talent.
they have a rich culture, have extraordinary musical talent.
they are smart and have good communication skills.
we are setting up cultural hubs in mirik and an education hub in kurseong.
presidency university is coming to kurseong.
kalimpong is also ideal for education hub.
maintain peace and pursue your dream.
dhanalakshmi will come to your doorstep, the cm said, reminding people that they need to bank on the bengal government and not on delhi.
keep in mind that bengal is closer to you, delhi is far away, the cm said.
mamata urged the hoteliers to set up more hotels, and youths to come into the homestay business.
i come to hear that all the darjeeling hotel rooms are full even during april and may.
build some more hotels.
the government will facilitate better transport and connectivity, the cm said.
she announced that her government has already exempted tea gardens from education cess and rural employment cess for 2018-19 and is giving 50  concession on tea tourism.
this story is from february 5, 2019the police event was held on a stage next to the dharna daisdownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
kolkata: bengal witnessed its first roadside cabinet meeting on monday, with mamatabanerjee trying to balance the administrative responsibilities of a head of a state with the role of a national opposition leader from a 625-square-foot dais in the heart of the city at esplanade.
cm banerjees dharna  against the cbis decision to send its officers to kolkata police commissioner rajeev kumars loudon street residence on sunday evening  entered its second day without any sign of when it would end or what it would take to end it.
history suggests that she may not be in a hurry; a hunger-strike launched from this very spot 13 years ago  to protest against the acquisition of land in singur by the left front government  went on for 26 days.
this time, though, mamatabanerjee  as head of the bengal government  has multiple official duties and engagements.
so, besides presiding over a cabinet meeting (the state budget was presented in the assembly by finance minister amit mitra), mamatabanerjee also distributed gallantry medals to cops and addressed a farmers rally, where the audience was at netaji indoor stadium (a couple of kilometres away), over a video call from the podium.
the most important of her mondays engagements was the cabinet meeting before the state budget.
the metro channel hare street police outpost adjacent to the stage was converted into a makeshift conference room, where mamatabanerjee joined her cabinet colleagues, including finance minister mitra, urban development minister firhad hakim and education minister partha chatterjee, for the mandatory pre-budget meeting at 1.
20pm.
the formalities were over in 20 minutes and she returned to the dais shortly thereafter.
before that, however, the chief minister addressed the farmers meet (her video call was projected on a large screen at the stadium) and signed a bunch of documents that state chief secretary malay de brought down from nabanna .
this fight is for the farmers.
the central government has left farmers all over the country sleepless.
our government has been fighting for the farmers rights from a stage at this very place since 2006.
it was only after my 26-day demonstration here 13 years ago that farmers woke up to the threat of losing their farmland, she reminded her audience.
another important engagement came in the evening, which required her to hand over gallantry medals to distinguished officers of kolkata police.
it was supposed to be held at uttirna, a convention centre in alipore (six km away), but the venue was shifted to a stage hurriedly constructed next to the dharna site on monday afternoon.
this was a scheduled government programme.
but i cannot leave the stage because of this emergency.
but i do not want government work to be hampered, she said before walking over to the other stage to distribute the medallions.
we have some officers who can be compared to the best in the world, she said.
the dharna stage itself was hurriedly constructed on sunday night.
banerjee reached there at 8.
15 p.
m.
on sunday and sat on a chair with trinamool leaders on one side and senior police officers, including commissioner of police rajeev kumar, on the other even as workers erected the stage.
party leaders remained by her side past midnight, when she asked some of them to go home and return on monday morning.
she took a nap around 3 a.
m.
but was up early, taking to walking briskly on the stage and circling around those who sat on the dais and  from time to time  taking the microphone to explain the reasons for her agitation and announcing the names of ministers and other dignitaries when they arrived.
this story is from february 5, 2019kanimozhi and tejashwi yadav went straight to the dharna dais at esplanade after landong in kolkata on monday .
.
.
read moredownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
kolkata: with dmk leader kanimozhi and former deputy chief minister tejashwi yadav by her side, chief minister mamatabanerjee targeted the bjp from the dharna mancha on monday.
though she reiterated through the day that her satyagraha in defence of the constitution was anything but political, at the end, the dharna turned out to be a political show, with leaders of all the 23 opposition parties, including trinamool, pledging their support for didi.
i have received calls from ahmed patel, tejashwi yadav, rahul gandhi, hemant soren, sharad yadav, akhilesh yadav, arvind kejriwal, h d deve gowda and chandrababu naidu.
among other leaders, samajwadi party vice-president and akhilesh yadavs emissary kiranmay nanda paid a visit to the dais in the morning and was seen beside mamatabanerjee till early evening.
while talks were rife about delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal coming to kolkata, former bihar deputy chief minister yadav and dmk leader kanimozhi reached the dharna venue after landing in kolkata in the evening.
banerjee even dared the centre to bring the state under presidents rule.
what are they (centre) planning?
are they planning to impose article 355 or 356?
people will clamp section 144 on them.
we will continue our resistance against the oppression and the centres use of their agencies for political reasons, the chief minister said.
taking the cue, trinamool supporters took out protest rallies across the state, blocked roads in cooch behar and nadia, and also broke a bjp party office at bhowanipore.
banerjee, however, kept trinamool supporters from the dais at esplanade.
this is not a party programme.
i am asking each and every person here not to shout slogans or wave party flags or carry effigies.
this is not a party programme, she maintained.
but her plea seemed to have little effect on the supporters.
slogans, such as du hazaar unish.
.
bjp finish, gali gali me shor hai narendra modi chor hai and didi tumi egie cholo amra tomar songe achi rang through the 4,000-odd crowd gathered at esplanade.
some supporters even tried to put up party flags and banners on trees, lamp posts and road dividers, but mamatabanerjee spotted them and instructed them to take them down.
we are with our didi.
she is our leader and whatever step she takes, we will be with her, said kailash rajak from sonarpur who stood opposite the dais, holding on a guardrail from early on monday till late in the evening.
another supporter screamed: didi we are ready to die for you.
refrain from such activities.
this is a satyagraha to save the democracy.
this is not a fight by any individual party, she said.
following the diktat, party supporters took the effigy away from the dharna venue but burned it all the same at the esplanade crossing in the afternoon.
like at other party programmes, mamatabanerjee paced up and down the dais, holding a microphone, announcing the names of the dignitaries and ministers arriving, asking ministers to head for the assembly budget session and even coaxing singers and activists, like indranil sen, saikat mitra and shibaji chatterjee, to sing to keep the crowd alive.
we have the laws, but we do not want to use them.
.
.
.
we are not going to take any stringent action against any of the agitating junior doctors and hamper their career, she said at a news conference after the agitating doctors did not turn up for a meeting at 5 pm.
under the esma, employees in a long list of essential services like post, railway, airport and port operations are prohibited from going on strike.
banerjee cited instances of steps taken against doctors in similar situation by other states, adding that the west bengal government had not taken any tough action against them as she does not want to hamper their careers.
the chief minister said the state government had accepted all the demands of the doctors and was ready to accept more, but she added that they must resume work.
on friday, i waited for the junior doctors for five hours.
and today, i cancelled all my programmes for them.
you must show some respect to the constitutional body, she said.
if the junior doctors think i am incapable, they can always talk to the governor or the chief secretary .
.
.
or the commissioner of police, she said.
the agitating doctors had earlier turned down an invite for a closed-door meeting with mamatabanerjee at the state secretariat on saturday, and instead asked her to visit the nrs medical college and hospital for an open discussion to resolve the impasse.
kolkata: chief minister mamatabanerjee on monday initiated a law-and-order overhaul of salt lake and suburban north 24-parganas by approving two new police commissionerates at bidhannagar and barrackpore and extending her vision of smart administration to two densely populated but often neglected areas.
the move will bring relief to residents of salt lake, the vvip township that for decades has been the happy hunting ground for criminals, and a vast suburban section from barrackpore to dum dum, where a host of development activities, from metro railway to malls and lush housing condos, are lined up.
after howrah and asansol-durgapur , we have now decided to constitute two commissionerates at salt lake and barrackpore .
i cleared the two decisions today.
another commissionerate for siliguri is on the cards, the chief minister told reporters at writers' buildings.
salt lake, where former chief minister jyoti basu lived both during and after his historic tenure, has never been a safe place for its residents, among them senior ias and ips officers , top businessmen and the city's elite class.
even after the change of political guard in bengal , the crime graph in salt lake remained in the ascendancy, with a series of burglaries and cases of snatching and eve-teasing being reported over the past few months.
a commissionerate - which will increase the number of cops in the area besides allowing residents quick access to the police - could well be the answer to unabated crime that a hapless salt lake has for decades been waiting for.
it will also cover the it hub where 40,000 people, including women, come to work every day.
welcoming the decision, former army chief gen (retd) shankar roy chowdhury, a salt lake resident, said, i think the decision is fine, but hope it will necessarily mean adequate number of policemen.
that is what is needed most.
this story is from february 6, 2019file photo of haryana chief minister manohar lal khattar.
download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
jamshedpur: haryana chief minister manohar lal khattar on tuesday that congress inducted priyanka vadra gandhi into the party to groom her for a leadership role as top two seniormost leaders  former national president sonia gandhi and the current national president rahul gandhi  are likely to face jail term in the national herald case.
addressing a bjp yuva morcha gathering in chaibasa on tuesday, khattar said added that robert vadra, the son-in-law of sonia gandhi, will also end up in the prison in the dlf land grab scam.
khattar said: with the apprehension of leadership crisis apparent in the party, the congress high command decided to induct priyanka and groom her for a leadership role.
all the three (rahul, sonia and vadra) are out on bail, but they will be behind the bars soon.
noting that bjp under prime minister narendra modi is making strides, the former rss pracharak-turned-politician said the masses will rally behind the pm in the upcoming lok sabha polls.
people are gradually realizing that the mahaghatbandhan is nothing but a platform for corrupt politicians bent on preventing modi from getting another term to save themselves from getting punished and eventually ending up in jail, khattar said.
speaking on the judgment of the supreme court in the matter relating to cbi versus west bengal government, the haryana cm said: the courts ruling exposes the hollow and false claims of west bengal cm mamatabanerjee , who called cbis bid to enquire the commissioner in the chit fund scam as an attack on the countrys federal structure.
flanked by the senior state leaders, including president laxman gilua and spokesperson j b tubid, khattar evoked warm response when he welcomed the gathering speaking in ho language.
new delhi: opposition parties on tuesday latched on to the centre's u-turn on fake news order, saying prime minister narendra modi is losing control over his government.
shortly after the i&b ministry withdrew its order after a nudge by the pmo, congress president rahul gandhi tweeted, sensing mounting anger on the 'fake news' notification, the pm orders a u-turn on his own order.
one can clearly see a loss of control and panic setting in now.
congress leader anand sharma said it was difficult to believe modi was not aware of the order before it was issued, considering that all authority and decision-making in this government is centralised in him.
referring to bjp and rss as beneficiaries of fake news, sharma also said they know more about fake news than perhaps any leader in the world, than any government in the world.
tmc chief mamatabanerjee called it a brazen and draconian bid to curb press freedom and said it showed that the government has lost its way.
cpm general secretary sitaram yechury condemned the government's duplicitous move and accused it of attacking the media.
we stand for, and are committed to, a free and independent press, he tweeted.
congress leader and former union i&b minister manish tewari said,  fake news guidelines had a method to it's madness.
intended targets were not those who were supposedly shot.
real targets were the media owners.
this was looking london and shooting tokyo.
gold leaf from text book of fascism.
a warning shot.
this is but the beginning.
kolkata: governor keshari nath tripathi has resented infringement on privacy of citizens, echoing the views of petitioners challenging the central law and rules making aadhaar linkage mandatory to a host of individual possessions such as bank accounts, phone numbers and pan.
while reading out the governors speech in the west bengal assembly budget session on tuesday, the governor stopped short of mentioning aadhaar as it is a subjudice matter, but said: my government led by my dynamic chief minister strongly believes in individual freedom and strongly resents any infringement on individual freedom or any compromise with the sanctity of the privacy of citizens.
the statement is in sync with chief minister mamatabanerjee taking on the narendra modi government the other day when the cm went to the extent of saying that she would surrender her phone if the service provider insisted on aadhaar linkage.
strange it may sound that the view came from keshari nath tripathi, but the opposition didnt take it as tripathis personal view but as the governments stand.
its true that the governor is the head of the state.
but he has to read out the speech prepared by the state government.
the governor can send back certain portions of the speech for review but cant change it, leader of the opposition abdul mannan said.
mannan recalled a case during the second united front government in 1969.
governor dharma vira had dissolved the first united front government.
but when the second united front government came to office, the same governor had to condemn his own act while reading out the governors speech because the government wanted so.
dharma vira had suggested changes in few words in the speech but that didnt find favour with the government, mannan said.
going with the logic, tripathis clean chit to his government over maintaining peace and tranquillity in the state didnt seem at odds with the governor-cm spat over the basirhat flare-up, six months ago in july 2017.
gangarampur: the tribal gang-rape survivor from kushmandi managed to mumble a few words when the west bengal commission for women led by its chairperson leena gangopadhyay visited malda medical college on wednesday.
she uttered a name, but didnt ask for his punishment.
it seems the youth had an affair with her, gangopadhyay said.
the delegation passed on the name to police.
it does not match that of either of the arrested duo.
police are not sure if the survivor had taken the culprits nickname because she is still in trauma.
gangopadhyay also debunked the claim that the victim was mentally unstable.
she is recovering and responded to our questions properly and never showed any sign of mental instability, she said.
the state government, meanwhile, has sanctioned rs 4.
12 lakh for the survivors treatment and plans to give her a house after she recovers and is discharged.
its a heinous incident.
we are with her and want her speedy recovery.
kushmandi police station inspector in-charge shyamal biswas came under fire from the cm at an administrative meeting later.
why did police act so late?
she said soon after learning that the survivor had been left in the open for eight hours with critical injuries to her private parts before police reached the spot.
while biswas fumbled for a reply and said we took action as soon as we got the information, an angry cm said: why did the news reach so late?
it means police have no community network.
kushmandi police had anticipated this and rounded up two persons ahead of the cms visit.
one of them, ramprabesh sharma, has a criminal record.
he had spent 90 days in prison in connection with a murder case.
the other arrested person, andharu burman , has no such record.
local sources said the survivor has a huge plot in the village in her name but has no relatives.
the gang rape , they claimed, could have been an attempt to kill her and grab her property.
mamata banerjeedownload the times of india news app for latest citykolkata: for a few of hours on saturday afternoon the focus of the looming medical crisis shifted a couple of kilometres away from nrs medical college and hospital, the epicentre of the protest by junior doctors, to institute of neurosciences after reports that chief minister mamatabanerjee may visit prabaha mukherjee who has been undergoing treatment at the mullickbazar address after he was assaulted by a mob on monday night.
though the chief minister did not visit prabaha and there was no official communication from the state secretariat or trinamool leadership conforming the visit.
the activities at the hospital did rekindle hopes of a solution to the stalemate between the state government and the junior doctors over resuming the health services that have been in suspension since tuesday.
senior police officers reached the hospital around 1 pm and held a small meeting with the officials of ink about the visit.
guardrails were wheeled in to cordon off the area leading to the back gate.
when the chief minister comes she will go up from the lift at the back so that the patients in the outdoor are not disturbed, said a senior police officer.
representatives of the hospital came down to the ground floor to guide the chief minister to prabahas room who is recuperating in room 619 on the sixth floor of the hospital.
on saturday afternoon his parents and cousins were present with him.
sources in the hospital said he had just finished having his lunch when the news of the cms visit came in.
it was not known how prabaha or his family reacted to the news.
we came to know about the chief ministers visit from the police, said a representative of the hospital.
at around 2.
30pm, the senior officers suddenly got into their vehicles and left the hospital which was an indication that the vip (chief minister) will not be coming.
even the junior police officers who looked alert and kept a vigil on everybody entering the hospital, let their guards down and dispersed for a cup of tea.
this dashed all hopes of any reconciliation and breakthrough to solve the medical crisis.
new delhi: prime minister manmohan singh will undertake a reshuffle of the union council of ministers on tuesday inducting some new faces and elevating some in the exercise that may also see a few being dropped.
trinamool congress chief whip in lok sabha sudip bandhopadhyay is set to be inducted as a minister of state while his party colleague and minister of state for health dinesh trivedi is tipped to be promoted to cabinet rank and shifted to railway ministry.
the railway portfolio became vacant after trinamool congress chief mamatabanerjee resigned and took over as chief minister of west bengal after the assembly elections in may.
the reshuffle exercise, second in six months, was finalised at a meeting the prime minister and congress president sonia gandhi this morning.
this was their fourth meeting in recent days.
the reshuffle, which is expected to place at 5 pm, may leave untouched the 'big four' -- finance, home, defence and external affairs.
with uttar pradesh set to go to assembly polls next year, minister of state for steel with independent charge beni prasad verma is likely to be promoted as a cabinet minister while raj babbar, mp from agra, may find a berth.
those speculated for promotion include jyotiraditya scindia (mos telecom) and gurudas kamat (mos home) and shifted to some other ministries with independent charge.
the resignation of textiles minister dayanidhi maran in the wake of his being named in the 2g scam and the resignation offer by corporate affairs minister murli deora has lent urgency to the reshuffle.
another dmk representative a raja quit as teleocm minister in connection with the 2g scam in november and the party appears to be in no mood to fill these vacancies with its candidates, at least for the time being.
among others being talked about for promotion is minister of state for chemicals and fertilisers srikant jena, who was a cabinet minister in the united front government in the mid-1990s.
those who may make the exit include minister for development of north east region bk handique whose place may be taken by pabansingh ghatowar, mp from dibrugarh in assam.
tribal affairs minister kanti lal bhuria, who has been made madhya pradesh congress president, may be asked to take up party work full time.
there is expectation that andhra pradesh, which has only one representative in the cabinet, could see more mps getting into the ministry.
chhattisgarh, goa and manipur, which have no representation may also get some ministerial berths.
new delhi: union health minister harsh vardhan on saturday asked states to consider enacting specific legislation for protecting doctors and medical professionals from any form of violence in the wake of the recent assault on doctors in west bengal along with a letter to all chief ministers, he also attached a copy of the draft act provided by ima - the protection of medical service persons and medical service institutions (prevention of violence and damage or loss of property) act, 2017.
he urged all states and uts to ensure strict action against any person who assaults doctors.
the move comes after the indian medical association (ima) launched a four-day nationwide protest from friday and wrote to union home minister amit shah demanding enactment of a central law to check violence against healthcare workers in hospitals.
the apex doctors body has called for a nationwide strike on june 17 with withdrawal of non-essential health services.
expressing deep concern over the recent act of violence against doctors, vardhan stated that incidents of assault on doctors are reported from different parts of the country and this leads to sudden strike by doctors, gravely affecting the healthcare services.
resident doctors in many parts of the country are agitating and not providing healthcare services.
agitations by doctors in west bengal seem to be getting aggravated and taking shape of strike by both government and private sector doctors, all over the country, he said in his letter.
representatives from the ima and delhi medical association (dma) also called on vardhan on saturday.
stressing further on the need for avoiding such incidents in future, vardhan said that law enforcement should prevail so that doctors and clinical establishments discharge their duties and professional pursuit without fear of any violence.
strict action against any person who assaults them must be ensured by the law enforcement agencies, he emphasised.
vardhan cited a letter dated july 7, 2017 sent by the union health ministry to all chief secretaries of states which contains the decision taken by an inter-ministerial committee constituted by the ministry to review the issues raised by ima.
the committee, in its report, had recommended that the health ministry shall suggest to all state governments which do not have specific legislation to protect doctors and health professionals to consider one to strictly enforce the provisions of special legislation wherever they exist or enforce the ipc/crpc provisions with vigour.
the ima has raised this concern many a times.
since 'police' and 'public order' are state subjects, government of india, on many occasions has drawn attention of state governments for an urgent need for a robust criminal justice system with emphasis on prevention and control of crime, vardhan said.
the draft of the protection of medical service persons and medical service institutions (prevention of violence and damage or loss of property) act, 2017, circulated to the states, includes clauses on penalty and recovery in case of loss/damage to property.
vardhan said doctors form an important pillar of society and often work under stressful and difficult conditions.
our doctors rank among the best in the world and work for long hours under stressful conditions, grappling with a huge load of patients.
it is the duty of state to ensure safety and security of doctors who assure that the healthcare needs of the society are met, he highlighted.
on friday, while reviewing the situation, vardhan had met a delegation of resident doctors association of aiims, safdarjung hospital, dr ram manohar lohia hospital, united resident abd doctors association of india (urda) and federation of resident doctors association (forda).
he had assured them of his support and cooperation.
he also wrote to west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on friday over the issue.
this story is from february 11, 2019download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
kanpur: out of 100 leather entrepreneurs who had applied for land in west bengal , twelve leather industries of the city have been given land allotment letters by the micro, small and medium enterprises department of the west bengal governmnt in the global business summit held in kolkata recently.
the land allotment letters were given by wb chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjee.
according to javed iqbal, chairman, central region council for leather export, so far twelve leather industries have got the letters of allotment and more industries would figure in the second list.
he said the last two years have been very difficult for the leather industry, specially the tanneries, as they have lost orders worth crores of rupees from european countries due to the policies of the present political dispensation and shifting of tanneries in a new area in the city.
seven years ago, following the state government's decision to raise a mega leather cluster at ramaipur, leather entrepreneurs had spent rs 35 crore with the hope that the cluster would be developed, but their dream shattered when they did not get an inch of land in the cluste, said javed iqbal.
shifting leather industry to others states will be a big loss to up as the leather industry has an annual business of rs 20,000 crores and around 10 lakh people are earning their livelihood in the subsidiaries attached with the tanneries, he said further.
ashraf rizwan, another leather entrepreneur said the land for the leather cluster was purchased at ramaipur for which 285 members of the leather industry had pooled rs 35 crore but they did not get any land, forcing leather industrialists to locate a new place which can provide maximum facilities and is comparatively cheaper than up.
west bengal has proved to be an ideal place where land is cheaper having facilities of an international airport and a port, he added.
nayyar jamal, another leather entrepreneur said that according to reports of iit and national environment research institute, there was no need to shift tanneries and the matter could have been resolved by raising a 50 mld treatment plant.
this story is from february 3, 2019make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
kolkata: senior kolkata police officials told toi that police commissioner rajeev kumar attended office on saturday and worked till late in the evening, even as media reports suggested that the 1989-batch ips officer, known to be close to chief minister mamatabanerjee , has been absconding for the past three days fearing arrest by cbi in connection with the chit fund scams in west bengal he would be flagging off a car rally on sunday, they added.
kumar himself did not respond to calls.
police officials said they would respond to the cbis statements with appropriate legal action.
mamata banerjeedownload the times of india news app for latest citykolkata: west bengal chief minister and tmc supremo mamatabanerjee on monday launched a party helpline number and a website to reach out to the masses and address their grievances.
she said her party leaders and workers will reach out to people across the state, spend time with them and listen to their complaints.
people can directly get in touch with us on the helpline number and the website and speak about issues affecting them.
over the next 100 days, more than 1,000 party leaders and workers will reach out to 10,000 villages in the state, spend days there with local people and try and address their grievances, she added.
assembly elections in west bengal is due in 2021.
kolkata: a digital travelling pavilion is coming to the 42nd edition of international kolkata book fair , which will begin on january 31.
it will be held at the central park in salt lake with 29 participant countries.
it is part of frances bonjour india festival, celebrating the historical and cultural ties between the two countries, which will conclude at the fair.
the fairs theme being france, the countrys consulate is all set to make a memorable conclusion.
french consul general damien syed said the pavilion will showcase much of the unknown bond between the two countries.
the festival will also feature chandernagore and pondicherry, parts of the former french colony.
actor soumitra chattopadhyay will be conferred the lgion d'honneur by the french government as part of the festival.
he will also be awarded the cesc srishti samman.
this story is from november 16, 2018make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
barnagar/barwani: bjp chief amit shah vowed on thursday that infiltrators would be tracked down and driven out of the country if bjp returns to power at the centre after the 2019 general election.
let the congress cry, we are not going to stop.
you elect narendra modis government in 2019 and it will trace and drive out infiltrators not only from assam but from the entire country, shah said at a public rally in barnagar constituency of ujjain district.
infiltrators were pushed into the country after 1971 and have been patronised and converted into vote banks of opposition parties like congress and trinamool, he alleged.
the national register of citizens in assam left out 40 lakh people in the final draft, shah said.
but congress president rahul gandhi, trinamool chief mamatabanerjee , tdp president chandrababu naidu and samajwadi party patriarch mulayam singh yadav whined.
why were they all in pain?
the bjp chief wondered, accusing rahul of showing more concern for the rights of infiltrators than victims of bomb blasts carried out by these intruders.
a couple of hours before this, in tribal-dominated barwani, shah said rahul suffers from modi-phobia.
he is like a one-track record.
he keeps targeting narendra modi because he has nothing else to talk about.
he cannot speak about the corruption that his party indulged in while in power nor can he talk of development as it was non-existent, shah said.
bolpur: chief minister mamatabanerjee did a climbdown of sorts on ram navami rallies, relaxing her blanket ban on display of arms , in an apparent deference to tradition and organisations that have been taking out rallies with traditional weapons to observe the festival.
i know of such organisations, like one in howrah and another in asansol, that have been taking out ram navami rallies with traditional weapons for the last 50 or 100 years.
i will ask cops to do their homework and make a list of such organisations.
allow them because they are a part of our heritage.
they have to seek permission but no new organisation should be given permission to hold rallies with weapons, the cm said.
the bjp interpreted the cms statement as a victory, with state president dilip ghosh announcing that he would join a ram navami rally on march 25 with a gada (mace).
we take it as our moral victory.
we have been saying that governments cannot prevent us from celebrating our heritage.
it is good that the cm has conceded this point.
her party, too, is observing ram navami, he said, recalling how the administration had booked him for carrying a sword at a ram navami procession in kharagpur last year.
but the fine print in the cms statement made it clear that political parties and some new organisations would not be able to observe ram navami with display of arms.
banerjee asked the director-general of police at the administrative meeting in birbhum on wednesday to see that all participants take prior permission from cops before taking out rallies.
this (the relaxation) applies to a few organisations.
it does not mean that political parties or some new organisations can display arms in ram navami rallies, the cm said.
taking the cue, state director-general of police surajit kar purakayastha informed the cm that police and civic volunteers were taking public help to pre-empt tension in pockets and to identify those posting inflammatory messages on social media.
we are getting help from the public, he said.
the cm then cited examples of groups trying to foment communal tension by throwing pieces of meat inside temples and mosques.
take strong action against such efforts.
i will also ask the media to give advance information because sometimes they come to know about these things before the information reaches the government.
kolkata: chief minister mamatabanerjee 's wednesday meeting with officials of 49 private schools , six private colleges and six private engineering colleges at town hall  aimed at evolving certain guidelines to regulate the high fee structures  is likely to witness a fervent appeal by the institutions to not push for uniformity and deal with the issue on a case-by-case basis.
the schools and colleges are likely to impress upon the cm that infrastructure and better academic facilities come at a cost and any effort to bulldoze these factors could be detrimental to academic performances.
the schools will also try to plead with mamatabanerjee to keep politics (and politicians) out of their day-to-day functioning and leave it to the school education department to probe specific complaints, if any, against them.
heritage school principal seema sapru said: private schools are of different categories and their qualities differ.
we need to recruit adequately qualified teachers to meet the ideal teacher-student ratio.
we have 30 students in each class, while some schools have 45 or more.
the facilities also differ.
all these involve a huge cost.
we want the government to consider all these parameters while determining fees, instead of announcing a straight-jacket formula.
according to state government sources, the cm is likely to drive home the fact that while she has no problem with schools charging more for enhanced academic facilities, what she objects to is the attempt by schools to monetise basic facilities that students are entitled to, such as school stationeries, bags, apparel, shoes and even food and water.
the schools, according to some complaints received by the cmo, have mandated fixed shops and outlets, and even brands, for students and parents to purchase material from, citing uniformity.
nabarun de, secretary of schools affiliated to cisce in bengal and northeast states, said: we would appeal to the cm to not blame the entire herd because of some black sheep.
we expect some progressive thinking, and discussions should not be regressive.
we will appeal against any form of political interference in school admissions, which was the case a few years ago.
let the school education department investigate every issue or complaint, rather than the local politician.
this issue has already had its fallouts.
some rural schools in bengal have been facing problems since the fee hike debate broke out.
rammohan mission school principal sujoy biswas said: we want to hear what the cm has to tell us first and depending on the questions, we shall respond.
west bengal association of christian schools secretary moloy d'costa said: i have been asked to convey the town hall meeting invitation to schools.
the meeting is at 2.
30pm.
archbishop and association president thomas d'souza and vice-president asoke biswas too will attend the meeting.
a principal, requesting anonymity, said: according to the overall broad plan, if the cm quizzes us on the increase in fee structure in some schools, we shall not only explain that most of the icse schools in bengal charge moderate fees but also elaborate the reasons for fee hike.
some schools may charge higher fees due to the facilities offered to the students.
this comes at a cost.
a mail has been sent to the school principals concerned, asking them to attend the meeting with mamata.
all the officials have been requested to be present by 1pm, a source said.
west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee (file photo)kolkata: nearly 22 days after chief minister west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee launched her didikebolo program  a digital initiative to reach out to the people and address their problems, the most complaints received from the urban areas by her office (cmo) are regarding the malfunctioning of the municipal bodies.
so far as the rural areas are concerned the complaints are mostly regarding the availability of the bpl ration cards and the cumbersome process to get sc, st and obc certificates according to sources in the state secretariat, most of the complaints received by the cmo are regarding scarcity of water, water logging after a brief spell of rain and the pathetic sewerage system in the locality.
there have been complaints against the local councillors of not addressing the problems after several requests.
naturally people are irritated with local civic bodies and preferred to reach out to the chief minister, a top level official of the state municipal department said.
the chief minister who made a surprise visit to a slum in howrah on monday afternoon, has deputed a senior level official to look into the complaints coming to the chief ministers department.
the officer along with a group of officers will look into the matter and if needed make an on-ground survey and submit a report to the chief minister.
we hope to take action on a regular basis, the official added.
so far as rural areas are concerned most of the complaints received by the agency working to facilitate chief ministers didikebolo program are regarding non-availability of bpl ration cards, corruption in 100 days work and the cumbersome method to procure schedule caste, schedule tribe and other backward classes certificate.
these are very important elements because most of the people living in the villages depend on the rice distributed by the public distribution system.
unless they have the bpl ration card they will not be entitled get the rice at the rate of the rs 2per kilogram.
similarly the sc and st certificates are also important, a senior level official at the panchayat department said.
the chief minister has earlier announced to simplify the process of the getting the reservation certificates but the process is not in place still now.
we have also decided to develop and team who will monitor the 100 days work and see whether it is being distributed to the proper people or not.
there has been some allegation against the local leaders and we need to look into it, the official added.
kolkata: west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on friday raised the chit fund scam matter in the assembly and claimed that only left is unaffected by the central probe agencies as they have an understanding with the bharatiya janata party there is no political party in the country, except the left, which is unaffected by the investigative agencies.
chit fund started in 1980; it began during the left rule.
we have arrested the accused.
channel 10 was started when?
it didn't start in our tenure.
when did rose valley scam start?
all began in left's tenure.
we have arrested the accused persons, she said.
further, calling anti-lynching bill introduced by her government, a protection cover for all, she said:  rajasthan government failed to bring the bill on anti-lynching since the governor did not give its consent.
but we took consent from the governor before it was tabled.
cornering bjp over lynching incidents in the state and across the country, she said: i don't support bjp's ideology.
one cannot resort to lynching for personal enmity, on the basis of caste and religion, rumours of child lifting or mere politics.
the supreme court has asked the state governments to act against lynching.
just because no state has passed the bill that doesn't mean we will not do it too.
someone has to wake up first.
bengal has always acted first in crisis situations.
records of lynching in the states are not available.
does that mean that the lynching didn't take place?
of course, it took place but there were no records published by the national crime records bureau after 2017, she added.
the tmc chief also talked about viral videos on social media, which are leading to communal tension in the society.
it's not facebook, it is a fakebook.
they (centre) are sending videos leading to communal tension.
even amartya sen is being targeted.
media is basically being run by a central advisory, she said.
earlier today, the mamatabanerjee government introduced an anti-lynching bill in the assembly.
the bill titled west bengal (prevention of lynching ) act 2019 described lynching as any act or series of acts of violence or aiding, abetting or attempting an act of violence, whether spontaneous or planned, by a mob on the grounds of religion, race, caste, sex, place of birth, language, dietary practices, sexual orientation, political affiliation, ethnicity or any other ground.
this story is from january 31, 2019download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
contai/kolkata: a day after home minister rajnath singh called her up to inquire about the contai violence, chief minister mamatabanerjee on wednesday iterated that bjp workers ransacked vehicles, even refusing to spare schoolbuses.
following up on singhs call, a home ministry undersecretary on wednesday wrote to the west bengal government for a report, saying the issue was an urgent matter.
the state reportedly informed union home secretary rajiv gauba that police were questioning witnesses and scanning cctv footage for possible outsider involvement.
the east midnapore police arrested 11 people  all bjp supporters  who were remanded in jail for two days by a contai court.
as many as 12 people were injured in the violence on tuesday when scores of vehicles had their windscreens smashed and bikes were set ablaze.
police sources said the arrests were for attacking policemen and damaging state buses and police vehicles.
bjp said it would take the issue to election commission.
we will inform election commission about the clashes in contai.
we will portray the real picture of the ground situation in bengal, the partys state president dilip ghosh said.
he claimed several party workers were yet to return home after attending bjp chief amit shahs rally.
we dont know what happened to them.
this is a dangerous situation, ghosh said.
trinamools tamluk mp dibyendu adhikari said: violence and attacks launched by bjp injured 12 of our workers.
we will lodge a police complaint against the attack.
i urge police to take strong action against those arrested.
refuting the charge, bjps contai president tapan maity said: our workers had no role in the violence.
several vehicles carrying our party supporters to the meeting were damaged.
they (trinamool) have brought baseless and false allegations against our partymen.
on wednesday, trinamool workers and leaders took out a procession in contai town against the alleged attack on them.
on sunday, state transport minister suvendu adhikari will address a meeting at the same grounds where amit shah spoke on tuesday.
barasat: cattle smuggling through the bordering districts of basirhat and bongaon in west bengal has turned out to be a bother for chief minister mamatabanerjee the cm gave a piece of her mind at an administrative meeting in north 24 parganas on tuesday, asking district officials to beef up surveillance along the indo-bangla border to get the rid of the cow smuggling stigma in this vulnerable district.
the cm didnt miss the opportunity to point out that truckloads of cattle coming from bjp-ruled uttar pradesh and rajasthan are being routed through this district.
i would ask the dm, sps, bdos and all bordering police stations to increase vigilance.
these cattle are coming from up and rajasthan.
their governments are not taking initiatives to stop the trade.
the entire blame is on us.
i dont want to take the blame any more, she said.
aware that many youths in the district are involved in the trade, mamatabanerjee suggested alternative occupations for the unemployed youth.
basirhat is known for mouth-watering sweets and local fish.
the place is ideal for setting up mishti hubs and sweetwater fish bheris.
basirhat can supply both items to other parts of the country and export them abroad.
we dont have to import fish from andhra pradesh then.
north 24 parganas dm antara acharya came under fire from the cm over the inordinate delay in setting up a design hub at mangal pandey ghat in barrackpore cantt area.
the cm lost her cool when a district official tried to argue that the file had to gone to various departments and was ready now.
a government is elected for five years.
you took four years to process a file.
when will we come out of red tape?
she said, setting a one-month deadline for the project.
why are you making all and sundry a multi-department project?
mamata didnt spare trinamool mla from deganga, rahima mandal, over the controversy in the control of vector-borne diseases in this part of the district.
how could panchayat officials sprinkle atta in lieu of bleaching powder?
why didnt you oversee the programme?
for full report, log on to www.
timesofindia.comthe mla mumbled that it was a cpm-dominated panchayat and the villagers chased away the officials.
you are trying to pass the buck.
vector-borne diseases spread out from dum dum, deganga in this district, the cm said.
she then turned to the north 24 parganas dm and took stock of the programme.
trinamool congress chief mamatabanerjee banerjeedownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
kolkata: trinamool congress chief mamatabanerjee has put her party on guard against mischief in the evms to be used in the lok sabha polls in west bengal.
evms may be tampered with.
the tmc chief has formed a central team comprising mps saugata roy and dinesh trivedi and parliamentary minister partha chatterjee to impart training.
these three people will train the district teams in sessions to be conducted at trinamool bhavan from 3pm to 5pm, she said.
this story is from december 17, 2018majerhat bridge in kolkata (file photo)download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
kolkata : the delay in finalizing the design of majerhat bridge is holding back the full-fledged resumption of construction of elevated majerhat metro station, which runs parallel to the bridge.
though the state government has principally agreed to contract the width of the bridge so that metro station work does not get hampered anyway, rvnl is waiting for the clearance that is possible only after the finalization of new bridge design.
construction of the metro station was stopped on september 6  two days after the collapse of the bridge on september 4.
not only this, there are a few other hurdles that need to be resolved to bring the metro work back on track.
in front of alipore mint, the kolkata municipal corporation ( kmc ) will be constructing a box drain to divert the existing drain on which the metro piers would come up.
the depot is another issue.
recently, rvnl bagged physical possession of 78  of 24.
5 hectares of depot land.
the depot, which is the most crucial for even truncated services along its elevated stretch from joka to majerhat, will require at least three years for completion.
rvnl also wants removal of impediments at the construction sites of behala bazar and behala chowrasta stations, which have been encroached by hawkers.
the delay because of these factors has long-term impact.
it also hits allocation and further goahead needed to start the second phase of the project, said another officer, however, coordination between kolkata metro, bengal government and rvnl has resolved a lot of issues, including the possession of depot land.
at one point of time, the problems, mostly land issues, appeared insurmountable.
but under the instruction of chief minister mamatabanerjee , the state government took very proactive role to resolve these issues.
hopefully, these smaller issues will also be resolved in due course of time, said a senior rvnl officer.
acquisition of land has been a major hurdle in bengal ever since singur and nandigram movement paved the way for change in the political regime.
thats why bengal government had come forward, replenishing rs 16 crore as viability gap funding against rvnls offer of rs 1.
1 lakh per cottah to farmers.
the state is, however, persuading some big land holders to part with their plots for smoother facilitation of depot construction.
times viewthe roadblocks need to go as soon as possible.
more than a million people are hoping for a seamless execution and commissioning of this project.
this story is from october 25, 2018new delhi: opposition parties slammed the government for the midnight shake-up in cbi and said the constitution and institutions are in danger.
west bengal chief minister and trinamool chief mamatabanerjee alleged that cbi had become bjps policing agency.
cbi has now become so-called bbi (bjp bureau of investigation)  very unfortunate!
she tweeted.
the left parties, which held a public hearing on the rafale deal in delhi on wednesday, linked cbi chief alok verma being sent on leave with the pending inquiry on the purchase of the fighter jets and the oppositions demand for a joint parliamentary committee probe.
cpm general secretary sitaram yechury said, a midnight coup by modi in cbi to protect himself and conceal his mega corruption in the rafale deal.
modi governments corrupt deals and cronyism are indefensible.
yechury said the transfer of 13 officers and sending verma on leave was done to protect government, pm, and officers concerned.
why was the dig investigating the charges against (rakesh) asthana sent on kala paani to port blair, andamans?
yechury said.
tdp chief and andhra cm chandrababu naidu said, centre is destroying all institutions of government, and does not want them to function independently.
its a threat to democracy and the constitution.
dmk chief mk stalin questioned nageshwar raos appointment as interim cbi chief and said his party had sent several complaints to verma against rao.
he said, rao met ops (o panneerselvam) at the state secretariat.
when cbi is investigating gutka scam and mhc (madras high court) has ordered an investigation against eps (tn cm e palaniswami) for awarding contracts to his relatives, the move to send away verma raises suspicions.
this story is from february 16, 2019majerhat bridge construction site (file photo)download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
kolkata: eastern railway has withheld the final approval for the new majerhat bridge , the construction of which has already begun with its in-principle nod.
the blow came on thursday as the zonal railway authorities returned the general arrangement drawing (gad), which was submitted two months ago for the final clearance, to state public works department (pwd) .
the railway wants pwd to resolve the alignment dispute with metro railway first, accordingly revise the gad in consultation with the metro railway and then resubmit it for its approval.
er has told pwd that both majerhat bridge and the joka-bbd bag metro were important and neither of the projects can hamper the other and flawed alignment could scrap the extension of the joka-esplanade line beyond majerhat.
piling work for the bridge, which is actually a rail overbridge or rob, started a fortnight ago on the basis of an inprinciple approval from er, but the latters stance on thursday puts a spanner on the prospect of the new alipore-behala lifeline that chief minister mamatabanerjee wants to throw open before the pujas this year.
the haryana-based sp singla construction pvt ltd was contracted to build the bridge .
the bone of contention is the bridges western alignment with respect to piers, 87 and 88 of the upcoming joka-bbd bag metro.
nine such piers will be constructed parallel to majerhat bridge once rvnl, building the metro, starts extending the line beyond majerhat.
the new bridges approach on the western side overlaps with these two piers, especially no 87.
the gad is the basis of the final design with which the majerhat rob will be constructed after final clearance from the railways.
the gad gives an overall view of the bridge as it will appear once constructed.
according to the gad, the bridges approach pillar on the western side is positioned precisely on the spot where pier 87 is due to come up.
theres problem for pier 88 as well  its right inside carriageway on the western side that pwd wants to widen in a bid to make up for narrowing of raja santosh road on the eastern side of majerhat bridge.
the bridges central line had to be shifted to maintain the majerhat metro stations alignment (for the joka-esplanade line).
so it will now eat into four metres of raja santosh road.
the decision to shift the bridges central line eastwards and desist from disturbing the metro station construction was reached after several brainstorming meetings with rvnl since the gad was being drafted in october.
rvnl gave its inprinciple nod to the gad in decemberend, prodding eastern railways to grant a temporary go-ahead to pwd.
even as the pwd has written to er about metro railway not cooperating with it, rvnls demands made perfect sense to the zonal railway bosses.
rvnl wants pwd to mark all nine metro pillars on the gad and allow it to build piers 87 and 88 before pwd starts piling work for the bridges north-western approach.
if the bridge is built without accommodating the two piers, the entire metro extension will be in trouble.
will rvnl be allowed to demolish this part of the bridge to make way for the metro pillars?
, wondered an official.
however, according to a state pwd official refusal to grant final approval from the er railways authorities was like a bolt from the blue.
we had started work on war footing keeping the deadline set by the cm.
under changed circumstances, we have written to the chief secretary about the non-cooperation.
if need be, we will take up the matter with the higher railway authorities, a senior state pwd official said.
banerjee asked food and supplies minister jyotipriya mallick to convene an all-party meeting to take their suggestions in this connection.
assembly sources said the all-party meeting in this regard is likely to be held on friday.
referring to the national register of citizens (nrc) and the citizenship (amendment) bill, she said people are scared and keeping ration cards to prove their identity.
some governments have come to power in delhi and other places.
sometimes there will be the nrc and sometimes there will be the citizenship (amendment) bill.
people are scared of being driven out (of the country), she said.
people need documents to prove their identity and a ration card is one such document, she said.
we can also conduct a survey about who are taking rations and who are using them only for identity purpose, the chief minister said.
kolkata/purulia: the ministry of defence is ready to allow the ministry of civil aviation to use some of its unused airstrips in west bengal, according to sources.
the decision has been taken keeping in mind the need for more such facilities in the eastern part of the country, with china building infrastructure on the other side of the border.
it has been learnt that the state government has already taken up the matter with the aviation ministry.
we shall be interested if any readymade facilities are available.
the airport at cooch behar was not built by us.
it belongs to the ministry of civil aviation.
i am also keen to open the airport at behala.
we have never said that we shall build all airports by ourselves.
we shall explore all options, said state industries minister partha chatterjee.
however, chief minister mamatabanerjee has directed purulia district magistrate abanindra singh to prepare a detail report for setting up an airport at charra.
the left government had announced the rs1480-crore charra aerotropolis project four years back.
according to officials, there are over 10 unused military airfields across the state that can be revamped with minimum effort.
nearly all of these were built by british and american forces during the burma campaign.
the land still belongs to the ministry of defence but there is little or no activity at most locations.
the mod has already made it known that it is not averse to a new terminal coming up at kalaikunda and civilian flights using the runway.
the same holds true for the air base at panagarh that is being upgraded.
the iaf plans to station frontline su-30 mki aircraft at panagarh at a future date.
the airfield can also be used for civilian flights and would serve durgapur.
there is also a facility at rampurhat that is not being used.
this could serve the bolpur sector, an official said.
the iaf doesn't have plans to station its aircraft at all such airfields but is eager to keep them operational for use during emergencies.
the coast guard is also keen to have an airfield at haldia from where it can operate dorniers and helicopters for search and rescue (sar) operations and maritime surveillance.
the same airfield can be used by civilian flights.
while the iaf has gone in for major upgradation of facilities in the eastern and northeastern sector, it doesn't make much financial sense to keep all airstrips operational.
it takes crores for the upkeep of an airfield and the mod would be all too pleased if the costs are shared by the ministry of civil aviation.
for bases like kalaikunda and panagarh, the initial investment has already been made by the mod.
if civilian aircraft use these bases, the operational costs would get shared.
at places like rampurhat, the state and centre can pitch in with support from the initial stage itself and the mod can pay its share of operational costs, the official said.
according to another official, the mod would also support the idea of airstrips in north bengal like raigunj which are close to the international border with bangladesh.
purulia:- during her meeting with state level and district top officials on friday, chief minister mamatabanerjee has directed the purulia district magistrate, abanindra singh to prepare a detail report for setting up an airport at charra to transport secretary.
incidentally about four years ago, the then left front government has announced the rs.1480 crores charra aerotropolis project, about 8 kilometers away from purulia town, but till date the project has not seen light of the day.
the then transport minister, late subhas chakraborty, after inspecting the site on 2008 announced that the proposed aerotropolis project will be developed on public private partnership model between srei infrastructure finance, central and state government on 74:13:13 equity basis.
chakraborty had said at that time that the first phase of work that is the knowledge city, which has been named as 'centre for excellence' by the then chief minister buddhadeb bhattacharya having medical college, university, hospital, aviation academy, hotel, shopping mall, sports academy, it hub, town hall, museum, multiplexes, theme parks, atms etc will start from december 2008.
the entire project will be based on built operate and transfer (bot) basis for the next 50 years, he said at that time.
the charra airfield land, which has lying closed since the past 67 years after world war 2 was a defense land but later the ministry of defense has handed over the 603.
45 acres of land to the state government.
the postwar history of the airfield is unclear, however today it is long abandoned.
no structures remain, however traces of runways and taxiways can be viewed from the air.
some small villages appear to have taken over the former billeting areas.
the charra airport will be the dream project of mamatabanerjee and if this project kicks off the socio economic scenario of purulia will have a huge facelift, said local minister shantiram mahato.
sagar: the entire pilgrimage route from babughat to sagar mela will be under cctv surveillance.
the event can be monitored from the states secretariat nabanna, besides the melas control room.
moreover, all the vessels which will be ferrying pilgrims to and from sagar mela will be tracked with gps devices to update commuters with the real time arrival and departure schedule of vessels from and to jetties on muri ganga, the widest of the gangas tributaries.
when chief minister mamatabanerjee visited the south 24 parganas, the district administration ran a successful trial of the system christened by the cm as tirtha sathi first of its kind initiative in the country, tirtha sathi is all set to revolutionise the whole management of large congregation like sagar mela that sees 20,000 footfall on a day.
armed with maiden bsnls fibre optical cable line across muri ganga, south 24 parganas authority is developing a model which can be replicated anywhere to deal with colossal congregation.
in fact, keeping in mind the sagar mela, bsnl is all set to launch its low cost pre-paid mobile service for pilgrims called sagar 49.
not only for surveillance and security, the entire system will also help to manage any disaster or untoward incident, said bsnls general manager (operations) s k deb.
south 24 parganas district magistrate y ratnkar rao said, we have installed surveillance cameras at strategic points right from kolkatas babu ghat , they key transit points for pilgrims, to sagar mela (more than 110km) so that the movement of each bus ferrying pilgrims can be monitored.
the real time information will help the administration to take timely action against any untoward incident.
not only the movement of buses, the cctv cameras will beam live footages of almost every inch of the jetties, boarding or debarking of pilgrims at the jetties.
the remote monitoring also helped the district administration to keep a tab on the crucial dredging which is undertaken every year before the mela to increase the navigability.
the state administration was unhappy with last years dredging due to lack of surveillance.
kolkata: west bengal bjp president dilip ghosh on wednesday slammed chief minister mamatabanerjee for her comments against the central agencies and wondered if she has not committed any wrong then why is she afraid of the probe bodies.
ghosh accussed mamatabanerjee of speaking the language of pakistan prime minister imran khan on the kashmir issue and taking a stance which is completely opposite to the interest of the country.
if she and her party have committed no wrong then why is she afraid of central investigating agencies.
the state government has filed 28,000 cases against our party workers and leaders across the state.
have we ever cribbed over it?
we are fighting it politically, legally and democratically, ghosh, mp, told pti over phone.
whoever has committed any wrong or is involved in corruption will not be spared, ghosh said.
if cbi or ed are summoning someone to bring out the truth through investigation then what is the harm in it.
if someone has committed no wrong then he or she has nothing to worry about.
the cbi investigation in saradha chit fund case is being held under the instructions of supreme court.
why is tmc crying political vendetta over it?
it means they have something to hide, ghosh said.
banerjee while addressing a party rally dared the centre to arrest her for raising her voice against the government, asserting that she will not bow down before the bjp.
while speaking on kashmir issue, mamatabanerjee on wednesday accused the bjp-led central government of using brute force to scuttle the voices of dissent in the kashmir valley.
ghosh alleged that mamatabanerjee is speaking language of pakistan prime minister imran khan as part of her muslim- appeasement policy.
it seems she is busy in appeasing minority community that is why she has started speaking the language of pakistan prime minister imran khan.
whatever imran khan is saying, she is just repeating it.
when kashmir is heading towards a new era of development, such a statement from a chief minister of a country is against the interest of the nation, ghosh said.
in the last few years, the saffron party has made deep inroads in bengal and emerged as the main challenger to the ruling tmc by pushing the congress and the left front to distant third and fourth positions respectively.
lucknow: after shaking hands with the arch-rival bahujan samaj party , the samajwadi party is now reaching out to rashtriya janata dal (rjd) in bihar .
sp chief akhilesh yadav has deputed party's vice-president kiranmoy nanda to call on rjd chief lalu prasad in jail and then meet his son tejashwi in ranchi.
coming days after akhilesh called on bsp supremo mayawati in lucknow, the development is being widely seen as the beginning of coming together of regional satraps against a common rival - the bharatiya janata party the meeting with rjd founder will take place on march 24 either at rajendra institute of medical sciences (rims) where he was admitted on saturday after complaint of chest pain, or at birsa munda jail in ranchi where he is lodged at present, if he is discharged from the hospital by then.
the 69-year-old former bihar chief minister is serving a prison sentence in a fodder scam case.
in any case, we have already taken permission from the jail authorities and have been allotted the time between 8 am and 12 noon on march 24, nanda told toi.
after meeting laluji, i will meet his son tejashwi, he said.
the sp vice president described the move as a courtesy call, claiming that the rjd has been with the sp all through.
lalu ji has always stood by the sp without any electoral interest and had earlier attended party events as well, he said adding that he would carry a message of opposition unity on behalf of his party president.
the bjp government at the centre has taken the country for a ride.
before 2014 lok sabha polls, they promised to double the income of farmers and give jobs to unemployed youths but they have not kept their promises.
it is time for the parties which represent farmers, youths and the deprived, to come together, nanda told toi on sunday.
for the sps first family, lalu holds a special place.
the veteran politicians youngest daughter rajlakshmi is married to sp patriarch mulayam singh yadav's grandnephew and mainpuri mp tej pratap.
not only this, as the war within sps first family was getting bitter by the day, laluhad publicly advised akhilesh to patch up with his uncle shivpal yadav at sps silver jubilee celebrations held in lucknow in november 2016.
senior sp leaders were confident that lalu and his party would be on board for any initiative taken by akhilesh for oppositions unite as the former bihar cm had, on a couple of previous occasions, mooted the idea of uniting regional parties to stop the saffron surge sweeping the country.
the rjd veteran had in august 2017 organised bjp bhagao, desh bachao rally in patna which was attended by akhilesh yadav apart from west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee and senior politician sharad yadav among others.
bsp supremo mayawati had, however, stayed away.
kolkata: chief minister mamatabanerjee has deferred her visit to chennai, earlier scheduled on april 10, in view of the west bengal rural elections on may 1, 3 and 5.
on wednesday, the cm said she would visit chennai after the polls.
she plans to meet dmk chief m karunanidhi to firm up the pan-india anti-bjp alliance before the 2019 lok sabha polls, for which she may also meet opposition leaders in lucknow.
nabanna sources said mamatabanerjee also wants to avoid the cauvery water-sharing controversy in tamil nadu.
she had earlier planned to stay in chennai for a few days after meeting karunanidhi.
it may also be mentioned that the opposition in bengal is alleging that trinamool congress is preventing the opposition, particularly bjp candidates, from filing nominations.
bjp leader mukul roy on wednesday said his party would move the supreme court for deployment of central forces during panchayat polls.
a senior official said the cm would not stay out of the state while the opposition is claiming misrule by her government.
during her recent trip to new delhi, she had met sonia gandhi and other opposition leaders, including ncp chief sharad pawar.
malda: the brutality on a 30-year-old tribal woman from kushmandi , gang-raped and left unconscious in the open for over eight hours, has left tribals in the region and neighbouring north dinajpur fuming even as police arrested two persons for the horrific crime.
just two months ago, the area had seen a similar outburst of anger in neighbouring raiganj when tribals went on the rampage following the rape of a tribal girl at a bus stand.
this time, chief minister mamatabanerjee was quick to intervene before the situation slipped out of her hands.
considering the socio-political sensitivity of the attack on a tribal woman that is a fit case for central intervention, the cm left for malda medical college soon after her public meeting here ended at 3 pm, without even giving a hint to cops.
banerjee was, in fact, the first visitor to the kushmandi woman who was married off to a person in bihar who later deserted her.
she has no one to fall back upon since then.
there was even no one to sign the mandatory bond before she was wheeled in for an emergency surgery at the hospital.
the chief minister spoke to doctors regarding the condition of the rape survivor, now in the hospitals critical care unit (ccu).
banerjee told them to take all possible steps for her recovery, and also promised all help for the tribal womans post-hospital life, including building a home for her.
the woman is responding to treatment.
she is improving, but not out of danger, said malda medical college vice principal amit daw.
doctors said they would wait for 72 hours before declaring her condition stable.
meanwhile, tempers flew in the tribal villages when they learnt that police were not coming clear on the time of the incident.
miscreants dragged the woman out of home, gang-raped her in the open and inserted rods in her private parts making her intestine come out.
it all happened on saturday night.
the woman lay in the open for 8-10 hours till police took her to raiganj hospital.
the hospital treated her and referred her to malda medical college early on sunday, a kushmandi villager said.
police sprung to action only after news of the cms visit spread.
they rounded up two persons  ramprabesh sharma and andharu burman of itahar  on monday.
they were produced at gangarampur subdivisional court, which remanded them in police custody for 11 days.
kushmandi police took care to man sensitive spots in malda town to avert a rerun of the raiganj rampage in december.
but a large number of tribals gathered under the bjp banner to agitate in front of the kushmandi police station demanding punishment for the culprits.
malda bjp president subhendu sarkar demanded compensation for the survivor, while rsp leader biswanath choudhury demanded exemplary punishment for the culprits.
west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjeekolkata: outgoing west bengal governor keshari nath tripathi on saturday said chief minister mamatabanerjee has the vision and power to implement her decisions but her appeasement policy is adversely affecting the social harmony of the state.
tripathi, who has had several run-ins with mamatabanerjee during his five-year tenure, said she should look at every citizen equally without discrimination and advised the chief minister to keep a check on her sentiments and be restrained.
chief minister mamatabanerjee has got vision, she has power to implement her decisions but she should be restrained also.
she becomes sentimental on occasions, so she has to keep a control on it, tripathi told pti in an interviewjagdeep dhankar will be sworn-in as the new west bengal governor on july 30.
her (banerjee's) policy of appeasement has the effect of adversely affecting societal harmony .
.
.
i think she should look at every citizen equally.
i believe that every citizen of west bengal should be dealt with equally without discrimination, tripathi said while replying to questions.
asked whether he saw any discrimination in west bengal, 85-year-old tripathi said, discrimination is apparent.
her (banerjee) statements show the discrimination.
bolpur: the lives and works of rabindranath tagore, kaji nazrul islam and netaji, revered equally on both sides of the border, will be the cornerstone of bangladeshi premier sheikh hasinas may 25-26 visit to bengal.
hasinas packed two-day itinerary includes visits to visva-bharati university, rabindra bharati universitys jorasanko thakurbari campus, kazi nazrul university and netaji bhavan.
she is expected to reach kolkata on friday morning and return on saturday evening, say sources.
the bangladeshi pms first stop after arriving in kolkata will be bolpur, where she  along with prime minister narendra modi and chief minister mamatabanerjee  will attend the varsitys convocation ceremony and then inaugurate bangladesh bhavan.
the bhavan will house a museum, library and auditorium, resonating bengals deep ties with bangladesh.
vikram agarwal, a senior nbcc official, said: the building combines tradition with modernity.
the socio-cultural influences of santiniketan and bangladesh have been merged here.
p mohangandhi, the birbhum district magistrate, said: coordination meetings of all departments concerned and the university authorities have been held.
we are in constant touch with the university authority and agencies concerned.
sabujkali sen, officiating vice chancellor of visva-bharati, said, our students, teachers and officials are busy with their allotted tasks to make the programme a success.
we have to make arrangements as per security and protocol guidelines.
hasina will be gifted a set of rabindra chitrabali ( tagores paintings in four volumes) alongwith other gifts.
the bangladesh pm will leave for jorasanko thakurbari in the afternoon.
she will stay for 45 minutes on the campus, confirmed rbu vice-chancellor sabyasachi basu raychowdhury.
she is likely to visit the rooms where tagore was born.
she will also visit the museum, added basu raychowdhury.
on saturday morning, hasina will leave for asansol to receive the honorary dlitt from kazi nazrul university at its third convocation.
in the afternoon, hasina will visit netaji bhavan.
she will stay for 40 minutes.
she knows my mother and me.
we have a historic photograph of bangabandhu with my father sisir kumar bose taken in dhaka in january 1972.
we also have the original copy in netajis own handwriting sitting in mandalay jail writing amar sonar bangla.
we will hand over a high quality digital print of the copy to her.
we will take her through the highlights of the museum and show her rare film footage of netaji with tagore, said mp sugata bose.
west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee speaks during teachers' day programme, in kolkata, thursday, sept 5.
.
.
she recalled vandalisation of a bust of iswarchandra vidyasagar, a 19th century bengali social and educational reformer, at a college here in may and said any bid to erase the history of bengal renaissance will not succeed.
supporters of the bjp and the tmc had on may 14 fought pitched battles on the streets of kolkata and the bust was vandalised during a massive road show by bjp president (and current home minister) amit shah mamatabanerjee , however, did not name any political party or organisation while addressing a teachers' day function here.
members of the teaching community have always thwarted any bid to change our history, our heritage, our culture.
there is a long battle ahead and i need your wholehearted support in the battle, she said.
banerjee said despite its tight fiscal situation, the state government has allocated rs 20 crore for phd scholars as the university grants commission has suddenly stopped the fund for research.
the chief minister said the centre has also stopped funding the ' sarva shiksha abhiyan ' and, as a result, the state government is forced to bear the entire economic burden of rs 17,000 crore to run the project.
apparently referring to the opposition that had expressed solidarity with the agitating teachers recently, she said, i call upon the teaching community not to be swayed by the propaganda of those who have not done anything for you during their tenure.
twenty professors, 22 secondary school teachers and 25 higher secondary school teachers were given the 'siksha ratna' honour by the state government on thursday in recognition of their services on the occasion of the teachers' day.
sixty-two schools were also adjudged 'sera (best) school' on the occasion.
west bengal education minister partha chatterjee, who was also present at the programme, said a large number of colleges and universities came up during the eight-year rule of the trinamool congress.
kolkata: after the victims parents, the guardians of the south kolkata school , where a four-year-old girl was allegedly sexually abused by her pt teachers , have decided to petition to chief minister mamatabanerjee seeking a speedy end to the investigating and punishment of the guilty.
kolkata polices detective department is probing several firs, three among them lodged by the victims father himself, related to the crime and whether the principal had misreported or withheld facts.
in a meeting on sunday evening, the guardians while trying to give a formal and legal shape to their forum, decided that one member among them from each class and each session will take responsibility to coordinate with all parents in that class and thereafter nominate two parents, who will act as representatives for that class in the guardians forum.
these two parents from each class and each session will then form the extended committee of the forum which will then elect or nominate a core committee to engage with the school at periodic intervals.
the meeting also decided to explore the legalities to get the forum legally registered.
the school had earlier indicated that it was willing to give space to the parents and the forum theyve formed.
no guardians were willing to speak on record.
the forum, earlier, appeared to be split with a section of parents opposing its move for a continued school shutdown to press for their security-related demands.
another section, which included the victims father, insisted on the school closure till the principal was arrested.
on december 6, the principal was forced to step down paving way for the school re-opening.
in 2014, a similar protest had fizzled out after the school re-opened.
this time there will be no repeat.
hence the meeting today, aparent said, refusing to be named.
however, with the victims father refusing to be a part of the forum any long, the fledgling forum is already battling allegations that its soft-pedaling on the issue.
in a bid to thwart these allegations, some forum members indicated they would step up its demand for justice for the child.
kolkata: the swearing-in of h d kumaraswamy as karnataka cm in bengaluru on wednesday went far beyond the formation of a state government.
the event at vidhana soudha turned out to be a dress rehearsal for the 2019 lok sabha elections, throwing up insights into how the anti-bjp alliance will shape up and who will be the major players in its formation.
trinamool congress chief mamatabanerjee batted for regional parties and held that her party was working for a federal set-up.
congress will say what they want to.
we have nothing to do with what congress says.
we will keep in touch with all the regional parties so that we can work for the development of the nation, development of the people and development of the federal set-up also.
this is the victory of a regional party, she said, trying to carve out a route different from that of the national-level coalitions led by national parties earlier.
lalu prasads son and rjd leader tejashwi yadav touched banerjees feet while she was talking to tdps n chandrababu naidu.
a closer look at the optics corroborated her view.
the west bengal cm was more at home with regional players such as bsps mayawati, sps akhilesh yadav, dmks stalin and chandrababu naidu than with congress seniors sonia gandhi and rahul.
she didnt lack the courtesy of wishing congress president rahul or greeting sonia when they met her while walking to their seats, but the trinamool chief was seen walking away from a joint photo session with naidu until kumaraswamy brought her back to the middle of the line-up.
banerjee had pledged her support to kumaraswamy ahead of karnataka polls.
we are present here to support kumaraswamy-ji and his government and we hope for the best, she said.
* gujarat polls are historical and a matter of double joy for me.
i am so happy that after i left the state, my colleagues there continued the good work, said pm modi at bjp headquarters in delhi.
* i congratulate gujarat voters for their very balanced verdict at this hour.
it is a temporary and face-saving win, but it shows a moral defeat for bjp, says west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjee.
* in the coming 5 years, bjp will work towards what the people of the state want, says gujarat chief minister vijay rupani.
* election results in gujarat and himachal pradesh indicate a strong support for politics of good governance and development.
i salute the hardworking bjp karyakartas in these states for their hard work which has led to these impressive victories, says pm narendra modi.
* gujarat and himachal results are a lesson to parties which indulge in casteism and dynasty politics, says amit shah in an indirect attack on congress* every win is special.
winning in gujarat for the sixth time is an achievement and so is getting 2/3rd majority in himachal: amit shah on poll results* congress's amit chavda retains anklav seat, wins by a margin of 33,629 votes* there has been evm tampering in surat, rajkot and ahmedabad, hence the victory margin was very less, alleges hardik patel* latest trends, as of 3pm, bjp at 98, congress+ at 81, ncp at 1 and others 1* the bjp leads in 101 seats, while the congress leads in 79 seats, as of 2 pm* it is a matter of happiness for us, this is the victory of development, said union minister smriti irani, to ani* congress's arjun modhwadiya loses from porbandar to bjp's babubhai bokhiriya by 1855 votes* congress's arjun modhwadia trailing by 1800 votes from porbandar* bjp workers in delhi and madhya pradesh begin to celebrate at party hqs, as trends indicate bjp's victory in both gujarat and himachal pradesh* independent candidate jignesh mevani leading by 10785 in vadgam* prime minister narendra modi arrives in parliament flashing victory sign.
* will form government in both himachal and gujarat with clear majority says home minister rajnath singh.
* controversial congress leader alpesh thakore, who claimed pm modi got fair by eating imported mushrooms, now leading by 4420 votes from radhanpur.
* senior bjp leader nitinbhai patel trailing by over 2000 votes from mahesana.
* opposition leaders, in both houses, to raise the issue of pm modi's allegations against former pm manmohan singh of conspiring with pakistan for gujarat election.
* ec official trends for gujarat election 2017: bjp crosses halfway mark, takes lead on 94 seats, congress ahead on 64.
*the bjp's bhupendra patel, contesting from anandiben patel's seat of ghatlodia is ahead of shashikant patel, a real estate businessman, who is fighting on a congress ticket.
* ec official trends for gujarat election 2017: bjp leading in 83 seats, congress leading in 62.
*congress's shaktisinh gohil trailing by 1355 votes from kutch's mandvi* vijay rupani extends his lead further, now leading by 7600 votes from rajkot west.
* jignesh mevani who is contesting as an independent candidate with outside support of the congress is leading in banaskantha* the mood of the people of gujarat will lead congress to victory, can't comment much on initial trends; let the final results come says state party in-charge ashok gehlot as counting continues* the ec's official trends for gujarat show the bjp leading in 56 seats, congress ahead in 50.
ncp & bhartiya tribal party also enter the fray with lead on 1 seat each.
*paas leader hardik patel's key aide, lalit vasoya, is contesting on a congress ticket and is ahead in the dhoraji seat*incumbent gujarat chief minister, the bjp's vijay rupani leading by 1800 votes from rajkot west* bjp's jitu vaghani, contesting from bhavnagar west seat, leading by 2200 votes* the sensex meanwhile opened down 700 points* the ec's official trends for gujarat as of 9:30 am show the bjp leading in 48 seats, congress ahead in 40.
* bjp's nitin bhai patel leading by 594 votes from mahesana* congress' arjun modhwadia trailing by 989 from porbandar* the race again appear neck-and-neck, with the bjp leading in 84 seats and the congress in 82 as of 9:25 am* the congress's shweta brahmbhatt is trailing in maninagar, a traditional bjp bastion* bjp's nitin bhai patel leading by 594 votes from mahesana*incumbent gujarat chief minister, the bjp's vijay rupani trailing by 800 votes from rajkot west* congress takes lead for 1st time at 9:08 am, ahead in 81 seats to bjp's 78* the race is again getting close.
as of 9 am, the bjp is up in 78 seats while the congress leads in 66* the bjp is leading in bhuj and anjar* mahesh patel of the bjp is leadng in visnagar, currently held by the bjp*incumbent gujarat chief minister vijay rupani is trailing in rajkot west.
he was expected to face stiff competition as the congress fielded its star candidate, indranil rajyaguru, the sitting mla from rajkot east* the bjp is leading in porbandar and bhavnagar east seats* the congress is leading in mandvi and nadiad*yesterday, the congress and hardik patel alleged the electronic voting machines were tampered with.
today, chief election commissioner ak joti said, i assure you that there can be no tampering with the evms.* as of 8:45 am, 45 minutes after counting commenced, the bjp is leading in 72 constituencies* at the same time, congress candidates are ahead in 52 constituencies* in a key fight, congress's alpesh thakor is leading in radhanpur* congress's pradhyuman singh jadeja is leading in abdasa, which is an incumbent congress seat* bjp's incumbent ashok kumar patel is leading in gandhinagar north*bjp's incumbent ahir gokalbhai s leadng in in anjar* congress's kiritkumar patel is leading in patan,a seat held by bjp*in south gujarat congress candidates are leading in visavadar, porbandar, kutiyana, mangrol*in central gujarat, the congress is leading in limbdi and chotila* counting of votes is being held at 37 centres across the state's 33 districts, amid tight security* an average 68.
41 per cent polling was recorded in the two-phase assembly elections in gujarat* an average 68.
41 per cent polling was recorded in the two-phase assembly elections in gujarat* in the first phase of polls held on december 9 for 89 seats in saurasthra, kutch and south gujarat, 66.
75 per cent voting was recorded* according to the final figures released by the election commission, the voter turnout in the second phase of balloting on december 14, for 93 seats of north and central gujarat, stood at 69.
99 per cent.
kolkata: the stay on bengals panchayat poll process will remain for at least one more day as a calcutta high court division bench sent all the petitions, filed by the sec and several political parties, back to a single-judge bench of the same court on monday.
justice subrata talukdar will hear the petitions on tuesday.
as of now, the shadow of doubt on whether the first ballot can be cast on may 1  first day of the three-day voting process  looms large.
opposition parties have alleged that widespread intimidation and violence prevented many of their candidates from filing their nomination papers.
the sec has pleaded for an immediate withdrawal of the hcs interim stay.
these petitions and counter-petitions have shuttled between the supreme court and the two calcutta hc benches (justice talukdars court and a division bench of justice biswanath somadder and justice arindam mukherjee) for one whole week.
the trial court will, on tuesday, hear petitions filed by the sec, trinamools kalyan mamatabanerjee , bjps pratap mamatabanerjee , cpms rabin deb, congresss adhir chowdhury and pdss samir putatunda.
chief minister mamatabanerjee has blamed the organisational weakness of opposition parties for their inability to field candidates in all seats.
more than 13,000 of the 50,000-odd gram panchayat seats have seen just one nomination each.
the division bench held on monday that the trial court had passed an interim order but did not come up with a final order.
it also observed that the trial court had initially passed the interim stay on the nominationfiling process till april 24 but had later brought it forward to april 16.
the court has not shut you out.
instead, it has brought hearing forward, justice somadder said.
the division bench, allaying the secs fears that the delay might throw the entire process off schedule, asked the single-judge bench to take up the hearing expeditiously.
last monday, the apex court directed the state election commissioner to address grievances of candidates who were unable to file their nominations.
the court battle started after the sec last tuesday scrapped its own decision to extend the nomination-filing process by a day.
the matter on monday stood exactly where it was last thursday, when justice talukdar stayed the election process and asked the sec to submit a comprehensive report on how it had followed last mondays sc directive.
common sense says it may not be possible for the sec to hold the first phase of rural polls on may 1, senior cpm leader bikash bhattacharya said.
kolkata: the maheshtala assembly bypoll held on monday on the city outskirts, seven kilometres from taratala towards budge budge, gave citizens a break from the continuing 40-day violence during the state rural polls.
people came out in large numbers amid peaceful polling, taking the voter turnout to 72.
45  till 6 pm.
according to election officials, the polling percentage may go up still, coming close to the 81.
73  turnout this seat had clocked in the 2016 assembly polls.
the byelection was held after the seat fell vacant following the death of sitting trinamool congress mla kasturi das in february.
her husband and chairman of maheshtala municipality, dulal das, is tmcs candidate.
both the opposition and the ruling party gave credit to the central forces for the conduct of peaceful elections.
das was also courteous towards his political rivals, sending out signals during the day that his party is not in a mood to muzzle the popular opinion.
which places have you visited?
have you faced any problem from our partymen?
the trinamool candidate asked bjp candidate and former joint cbi director sujit ghosh.
give me a call if you face any problem, das said.
the courtesy possibly hid the worry trinamool organisers had over the trojan horses close to mayor and dulals estranged in-law sovan chatterjee who has a clout within maheshtala trinamool.
so what does this good turnout mean for das?
das loyalists hope to protect the trinamool votebank and are confident that the left vote percentage would slide further, as has been evident in other votes.
if things go as trinamool sees it, das can increase tmcs margin from the 12,542 votes in the 2016 assembly polls.
trinamool insiders admit that bjp may increase from the 7.
7  vote it got in the last assembly polls, but the party couldnt field agents in many booths.
a high turnout in bengal bypolls is not exceptional.
the turnout percentage was also high in the sabang assembly bypoll held months ago in west midnapore, where trinamool candidate manas bhuiyan won.
however, maheshtala is a mixed locality with a fair representation of middle class and ostagars engaged in the traditional garment industry.
trinamool is eyeing the muslim ostagar section that had gone with the left for decades.
bjp is banking on the middle class settlements on the other side of the railway tracks from shyampur to nangi-budge budge.
the only trouble reported during the day was from a booth in dakshin shyampur primary school where bjp and cpm camp offices were dismantled allegedly by trinamool miscreants.
howrah: west bengal youth bjp worker priyanka sharma , who was jailed for sharing a meme on chief minister mamatabanerjee , on monday said she is happy that the state government is being held accountable.
sharma's remark comes shortly after the supreme court served a notice to the west bengal government on a contempt petition filed by sharma's brother, alleging that the police did not immediately release her despite the court's order.
i am happy that this government is being held accountable.
when they were told to release me on bail, they did not do it immediately.
do they (tmc government) think they are superior to the supreme court?
she asked.
sharma alleged that the state government mentally harassed her and her family.
i will keep raising my voice against injustice.
i want justice, she added.
defending the meme created on mamatabanerjee , for which she was arrested, sharma said, if i am sent to jail for sharing a meme, she (banerjee) should also go to jail for whatever she says about our prime minister.
a bench headed by chief justice ranjan gogoi on monday sought a reply from the state government within four weeks.
according to the petitioner, rajib sharma, his sister priyanka was released two days after the date set by the top court.
the bjp leader was arrested and sent to two weeks' judicial custody for allegedly sharing a morphed photo on her facebook timeline in which banerjee's face was photoshopped on the body of actor priyanka chopra jonas from her appearance at the met gala in new york.
*west bengal governor keshari nath tripathi has reached asansol to examine the ground realities after the clashes, reported ani.
he will hold a meeting with district officials at the asansol circuit house and will then visit some disturbed areas.
on his way back to the city, he will also visit ranigunj to understand the situation first-hand.
*a fact-finding team of the bjp will also visit asansol on saturday.
members will include mps rupa ganguly, om prakash mathur, vishnu dayal ram and shahnawaz hussain.
*the police have drawn up deployment plans for today's hanuman jayanti celebrations.
*while there was no violence on the ground on friday, the discovery of an unidentified body from one of asansol's riot-torn neighbourhoods and the prompt police denial of any link with the clashes underlined the fragility of peace at the moment.
a body has been recovered.
the death has no connection with the earlier violence, asansol police commissioner laxmi narayan meena said.
*on friday, police in asansol arrested around 70 people in raids aimed at weeding out those responsible for instigating the violence.
they also gathered video clips of arson and loot from members of both communities to identify those who masterminded the clashes.
*prohibitory orders continued and internet services remained suspended in the city on friday.
internet services will remain suspended till april 4, sub-divisional officer p roychowdhury said.
*the police staged a route march in the town to instill a sense of security among residents.
*on her return from new delhi, west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee held an emergency high-level meeting at the secretariat in kolkata on thursday to review the situation in the asansol-ranigunj area.
* union minister prakash javadekar* union minister pralhad joshi* congress chief spokesperson randeep surjewala* minority affairs minister mukhtar abbas naqvi* union minister g kishan reddycongress leader m veerapa moily* bjp vice president shivraj singh chouhan* west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjee* cpm general secretary sitaram yechury* dmk chief mk stalin* congress leader adhir ranjan chowdhury* chhattisgarh cm bhupesh baghelnew delhi: a special anti-corruption court on thursday sent former union finance minister p chidambaram to cbi custody till august 26 in the inx media corruption case.
the congress leader was taken to the court on thursday afternoon after he was arrested by the cbi from his residence in new delhi late on wednesday.
here is a look at the reactions of political parties and leaders on chidambaram's arrest-the cbi court's decision to send him in remand makes it clear that it is a corruption case.
there is a prime facie case and that is why the court has remanded him to the probe agency's custody.
therefore, the congress accusation that it is political vendetta is wrong.
in fact, justice is happening, javadekar, also the information and broadcasting minister, said.
the matter is sub-judice.
why is the congress afraid?
if he has committed no wrong, there is nothing to worry about.
law will take its own course, joshi said.
there are issues over illegal coal mining and it needs to be addressed.
we would write to the chief minister to look into the matter, he added.
the vindictive, selective and malicious manner in which former finance and home minister chidambaram has been persecuted and prosecuted is nothing short of a brazen personal and political vendetta.
over the last two days india witnessed the broad daylight murder of democracy and the rule of law by a government hell bent upon using cbi and ed as personal revenge-seeking departments for the party in power, congress chief spokesperson randeep surjewala said.
the congress is working with a negative mindset.
they have converted corruption into a revolution.
this is for the first time that corruption is becoming a revolution.
till now, revolution was against corruption, now revolution is being carried out in favour of corruption, minority affairs minister mukhtar abbas naqvi told pti.
law enforcement agencies will do their work and courts will do their own work.
but, the congress party and its leadership is trying to convert corruption into a revolution, naqvi added.
there is evidence.
.
, union minister g kishan reddy said.
reddy said it was the court which will try the case, not the government and law will take its own course.
he was arrested as he was not cooperating with the investigating agencies.
he should have cooperated.
there is proof and evidence against (him) as to who took money from whom and through which bank.
.
.
total records are there.
.
, he said.
this is a political witch hunt by the present government and more particularly by the home minister amit shah.
the home minister feels aggrieved.
he was in 2010, arrested in cases involving murder post-godhra incident, senior congress leader m veerapa moily said.
the court really held a prima facie case, but ultimately what had happened is a different matter.
the case was also shifted to bombay court from gujarat.
he was not allowed to enter gujarat also for some time and now he is the home minister.
during that time p chidambaram was the home minister.
so this is some sort of a tit for tat, he added.
law takes in own course.
chidambaram went to the court, but did not get relief.
the congress's act of blaming the central government is not proper as it is working without any vendetta, chouhan told reporters.
if someone has indulged in any wrongdoing, it should be probed.
it hardly matters whether the wrongdoer is big or small, the former madhya pradesh chief minister said while refuting the congress's charge that chidambaram was a victim of political vendetta.
p chidambaram is an economist, and a former home minister and finance minister.
the manner in which he has been arrested is depressing.
there are four pillars of democracy: democratic institutions, election commission, media and judicial system.
the law will take its own course, but the manner in which it was done, the drama that ensued was completely objectionable, cpm general secretary sitaram yechury said.
i saw on tv, the cbi officers scaling the walls (at chidambaram's delhi residence).
i consider it as an insult to india.
it is condemnable, said dmk chief mk stalin.
ncp chief spokesperson nawab malik alleged it was the modi government's model of misusing probe agencies to harass opposition leaders who speak up against it and added people will see through the developments.
chowdhary criticised the bjp government for pursuing vendetta politics against the party's leaders and said the former union minister was arrested as he was vocal on corruption by the saffron party leaders.
the way chidambaram was arrested late on wednesday night is undemocratic and completely unacceptable, he said.
chidamabaram was constantly criticising the policies of the central government and was pointing out their failures.
the government is not able to face the criticism and so they want to suppress the opposing voices, said chhattisgarh cm bhupesh baghel.
this story is from december 3, 2018west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjee.
download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
banerjee, on the occasion of international day of persons with disabilities, said people with 40 per cent or more disability is entitled to a monthly pension of rs 1,000, under the scheme.
today is international day of persons with disabilities.
in 2018, we launched the 'manobik' scheme, wherein persons with 40  or more disabilities will receive a monthly pension of rs 1,000.
two lakh people will be benefitted.
we have allocated rs 250 crore for this scheme, the cm tweeted.
the international day of persons with disabilities is observed annually by the united nations since 1992 with an aim to promote the rights and well-being of persons with disabilities in all spheres of society.
filmmaker aparna sen addressing mediapersonskolkata: several prominent personalities of the city have come out in support of the agitating doctors, some of them even urging west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee to find a solution to the impasse, which entered the fourth day on friday.
filmmaker aparna sen , actor kaushik sen , musician debojyoti mishra , along with senior doctors from diverse fields, visited the agitators at nrs medical college and hospital, where an attack by the family members of a patient monday night left two interns grievously injured and the medical system paralysed in the state.
sen requested the chief minister to meet the striking doctors and listen to their grievances.
i am a filmmaker.
i have so much work at hand, but i felt it was my responsibility to stand by the doctors.
my conscience directed me to stand by them.
we need to understand they are doing a noble job, she said.
talking about banerjee's warning of vacating doctors' hostels, if they fail to resume work, the padma shri awardee said, if these bright students move out of state, will it be a desirable situation?
even if you (mamata) feel hurt by their comments, you have to remember you are elder to them.
the agitating junior doctors were seen showing video clips of the assault to sen.
the filmmaker told the agitators that actor parambrata chatterjee also wanted to reach out to them, but could not make it.
chatterjee has also urged the government to ensure that no such attacks happen again, she added.
actor kaushik sen urged mamatabanerjee , who also holds the home and health portfolios, to focus more on the healthcare sector.
the government should concentrate more on developing the healthcare infrastructure in the state, rather than celebrating numerous festivals, he insisted.
doctors across the state have called for a strike in protest against the attack on two of their colleagues at nrs medical college and hospital in the city by family members of a patient, who died monday night.
one of them received serious head injuries and was currently recuperating at institute of neurosciences.
services have been affected over the past three days in emergency wards, outdoor facilities and pathological units of many state-run medical colleges and hospitals and a number of private medical facilities in the state, leaving patients in the lurch.
banerjee, who visited state-run sskm hospital on thursday, warned the junior doctors of consequences if they do not rejoin work, but the defiant agitators have refused to abide by the order.
they asserted that the protests would continue till their demands are fulfilled.
kolkata: veteran marxist thinker and former state finance minister in the jyoti basu government (1977-86) ashok mitra died at a private nursing home on tuesday morning.
he was 90.
a man of letters, mitra represented the rare breed of marxists who left his cushy job as the chief economic adviser (cea) to the government of india in 1972 and cut his teeth on left politics as the finance minister of the first left front government in 1977.
he was the pioneer of the alternative development model in bengal.
the senior economist leaves behind arich legacy of debates and discourse over centre-state relations that have come in handy for states now to expand federalism in terms of economic and political powers.
mitra, unlike his successor asim dasgupta, was not very keen on adopting uniform tax rates across the country.
he believed it was an infringement of the states domain.
uncompromising as he was with the dirt and filth of running the administration, quite evident from his famous i-amnot-a-bhadralok-i-am-a-communist remark over removing senior bureaucrat and basuloyalist s m murshed from the post of power commissioner, the economist was slowly getting bitter with his own government till he put in his papers as the minister in january 1986, following differences with basu.
he also resigned from the cpm at the same time  just a month after he was inducted into the party state committee.
however, the separation couldnt make a dent on mitras unflinching commitment to left ideology.
all his life, the scholar kept writing against the anti-poor policies of the successive congress governments at the centre and was one of the fierce critics of globalization.
a few years later, in 1993, cpm nominated mitra to the rajya sabha where he made significant contribution, particularly on economic issues.
he was the first to take note of the rightward shift in indias economy following the appointment of manmohan singh in the narasimha rao government in 2007.
a brilliant author and regular contributor to magazines and newspapers, mitra had a great command over both in bengali and english.
apart from books like calcutta diary or from the ramparts, mitra wrote quite a few books in bengali, including kabita theke michhile, nastikatar baire, akatha kukatha and the much-acclaimed memoir apila chapila that deals with issue ranging from politics to literature.
his collection of essays, taal betaal, won the sahitya akademi award in 1996.
the veteran marxist was getting upset with the left front government over its tryst with private capital in singur and couldnt come to terms with the ways of cpm, particularly in bengal, even after the government was voted out of power in 2011.
former lok sabha speaker somnath chatterjee offered glowing tributes to mitra.
he was not only a brilliant economist, but a person who upheld the cause of the downtrodden till his last.
i admired his erudition, his writing skills and his superb literary sense.
i recall the days when i was a member of the state administrative reforms committee formed by the jyoti basu government of which ashok mitra was the chairman.
the committee had several meetings where members gave their opinions.
mitra didnt depend on anyone in compiling the views and wrote the entire report on his own within ashort time, chatterjee said.
chief minister mamatabanerjee condoled the passing away of the veteran marxist.
guwahati: bjp national spokesperson rajiv pratap rudy on thursday said the signing of the indo-bangla land-swap deal without taking the opposition parties into confidence in parliament was against the spirit of democracy.
addressing the media here after a visit to the boraibari area bordering bangladesh, rudy termed the decision to hand over land under india's possession to bangladesh unacceptable.
whenever a prime minister goes abroad, it is a norm to consult the president and leaders of the opposition.
but before leaving for dhaka, manmohan singh neither raised the land issue in parliament nor consulted the leader of opposition in lok sabha, sushma swaraj, alleged ruddy.
praising the stance of west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee for giving priority to the interests of her state by not signing the teesta water-sharing treaty, the bjp national spokesperson criticized the congress chief ministers from the northeastern states for overlooking the concerns of people.
rudy said the attitude of chief minister tarun gogoi was a threat to the federal structure and sovereignty of the country.
when we visited the boraibari area in dhubri district, the villagers expressed anguish over the land-swap deal.
people from the minority community are living there for hundreds of years.
they have even showed us land records which revealed that they have rights over land under thakuranbari revenue village in assam since 1972, said rudy.
he added that such a crucial land-swap deal can't be signed without consulting the leaders of political parties in the assembly and people of the state.
ruddy alleged that meghalaya chief minister mukul sangma is singing the tune of the congress high command on the issue.
infiltration from bangladesh, which has affected the demographic pattern of many states, was not taken up before the government of the neighbouring country as expected during the visit, he said.
he added that three bjp delegations, after visiting the bordering areas in assam and north bengal, would submit a report at the party's national executive meeting scheduled to be held on september 30 and october 1.
meanwhile, the senior bjp leader has also demanded a cbi probe into union minister p chidambaram's role in the 2g scam after finance minister pranab mukherjee revealed under rti that a raja could not have siphoned off rs 1.
76 lakh crore from the government's exchequer had then finance minister (chidambaram) did not favour him.
he also slammed the centre for the recent hike in petroleum prices.
m k stalindownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
chennai/ hyderabad: after keeping telangana chief minister k chandrasekhar rao waiting for almost a week, dmk president m k stalin has agreed to meet the trs leader on monday.
the meeting will take place at stalins alwarpet home.
having proposed congress president rahul gandhi as pm, and the dmk leading a congress-inclusive alliance in tamil nadu, stalin will not take the federal front bait that kcr may throw, dmk sources said.
when the two leaders met in chennai on april 29, 2018, the idea of a federal front was not taken forward, though kcr denied having such a thing in mind then.
there is no thought of going away from the congress, said a dmk leader.
any meaningful discussion can happen only after the results.
who knows, kcr may be toying with the idea of joining the upa?
on sunday, kcr left hyderabad with his family members on a chartered flight to chennai.
he will visit some temples in and around chennai, as well as in puducherry.
they visited rameswaram on thursday and offered prayers at ramanathaswamy temple in the island town, besides visiting former president apj abdul kalams memorial.
after his meeting with stalin, kcr may go to bengaluru to meet jd(s) leader and karnataka chief minister h d kumaraswamy, who is in power thanks to congress support.
he is also learned to have sought time for a meeting with trinamool congress leader and bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjee.
kcr is confident that neither the congress nor the bjp will get a majority on their own.
his effort is to make leaders of regional parties understand that they can themselves dictate who will rule the country instead of playing second fiddle to national parties, a trs leader said.
while stalin and kumaraswamy are in alliance with the congress, mamatabanerjee met andhra pradesh chief minister chandrababu naidu last week.
earlier, naidu had met rahul gandhi in delhi.
political analysts see little significance in the stalin-kcr meet.
at the most, it would be a courtesy call.
stalin will not even think of backing out (from the congress) at this juncture.
in national politics, especially when it comes to alliance, integrity and trust factor matter a lot, and stalin is aware of that, said analyst m kasinathan.
kcr, however, could have his agenda.
trs was the only non-ally that benefitted from the bjp government at the centre, when its request to prepone assembly polls was immediately granted.
while it is no secret that kcr is keen on a federal front of regional parties, he could be secretly batting for bjp to keep the congress at bay in a post-poll scenario, he said.
howrah: as shyampur oc suman das , 40, continued to battle for his life at a private hospital in south kolkata, chief minister mamatabanerjee called his wife sumita and 12-year-old son sagnik, assuring that the state would do whatever it takes to ensure das gets the best medical treatment.
the five-member medical board treating das felt given his condition - stable but very critical - a cerebral surgery wasn't advisable.
das, who had gone to a village in the shyampur area of howrah to implement a court order on saturday, was chased for more than half-a-kilometre by a mob and then brutally beaten up with rods and bamboo staff.
sumita said, friday was his last day in office.
he was to assume charge in howrah city police's detective department.
the chief minister herself called us up twice, last night and again this morning.
she has assured us the best medical treatment and asked me to come to her office directly if i need anything.
she also spoke to my son.
her assurances have given us a lot of hope at this dark hour.
sumita said she was very hopeful that her husband would recover.
sp (howrah rural) gaurav sharma visited the hospital and spoke to sumita.
the incident, however, has threatened to expose fissures in the trinamool ranks for patronizing rival groups that reportedly had a hand in the clash.
according to sources, matiar munshi, the arrested lawyer, and his rival alauddin munshi owed allegiance to a senior howrah rural leader and an mla, both belonging to the ruling party.
it's alleged both these leaders had been putting pressure on police, including das, to act.
the problem over the 33-bigha wakf property has been lingering since 1989 but it's only after alauddin moved the wakf tribunal and obtained a stay order till disposal of the petition that things took a turn for the worse.
trinamool howrah rural president pulak ray said, i have nothing more to comment.
the party had nothing to do with this incident.
trinamool mla kalipada mondal said, i have nothing to add beyond what my party leadership has already said.
kolkata: chief minister mamatabanerjee on friday alleged that there was a threat to her life and supari killers had been engaged to eliminate her.
they already did a recce of her kalighat home, she claimed.
police were inquiring into it, said the chief minister.
while stressing that she didnt fear for her life, she also indicated that she had already handpicked her successors for the party and the administration.
.
.
.
i do not fear to die.
i have been targeted several times in the past.
saying she didnt let such information bother her, the chief minister added, though she didnt disclose this to her party or her family, she had already planned for any eventuality.
the cm, who gets z-plus protection, has always shunned additional security protocols and resisted moving out of her ancestral home.
her proximate security is tasked to some handpicked officers who have been with her since she was the railway minister.
hinting that the assassination plot was hatched by political conspirators, the chief minister said, first, they go for character assassination.
and after that, eliminates the person physically.
then they are the first to shed crocodiles tears.
there always will be conspirators.
but i am not afraid of them.
the chief minister also launched an all-out attack against her political opponents in bengal and even resented the way her administration has been subjected to media trial ahead of the bengal panchayat polls.
dismissing opposition claims of 34  uncontested seats, the chief minister said, when they say this, you also have to understand that even trinamool congress could not put up a candidate in belpahari.
why are you only citing the gram sabha figures?
in zilla parishads and panchayat samitis, this figure is substantially low.
arguing that this has more to do with the oppositions failure to find candidates, she said, 50  of the seats in bengal are reserved for women.
in addition, you have seats reserved for scheduled castes, scheduled tribes and other backward classes.
this year, six more classes have been added to the obc list.
add this up and one would find only one person fit to be candidate and all parties would be pleading to him to field him as a candidate.
the dynamics of rural polls are very different.
on the legal setbacks over the panchayat polls, she said, i will only say we respected the order passed by the division bench headed by the chief justice of calcutta high court .
.
.
.
while i have the greatest respect for the judiciary, i can have my reservations against certain judgments.
these were politically interested litigations masquerading as pils.
who are the people pleading in courts?
these are politicians themselves.
this story is from january 1, 2019file photo of west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjee.
download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
on monday, the west bengal cm announced her krishak bandhu scheme which has two parts - one is an assurance model and the other direct cash support for farming.
under the scheme, each farmer owning an acre of farmland will get cash support of rs 5,000 from the government during the onset of the sowing season.
the amount will come in two tranches during rabi and kharif farming.
in bengal, there are many small and marginal farmers who own less than an acre.
the cash support will be calculated on their landholdings based on the rs 5,000-per-acre formula, the cm said.
target beneficiaries will be able to apply for the cash support from february 1.
banerjee's new year gift to farmers will be a political weapon for trinamool mps.
banerjee has been taking on the modi government, pointing to farmer suicides and falling prices of crops such as onions.
the bjp is launching its membership drive from july 6, the birth anniversary of its ideologue syama prasad moo.
.
.
read moredownload the times of india news app for latest citynew delhi: the bjp is aiming at doubling its membership in west bengal to over one crore as it seeks to capitalise on its strong show in the recent lok sabha polls where it won 18 of the state's 42 seats.
west bengal bjp president dilip ghosh said tuesday following a meeting of key leaders from the state that the party has over 42 lakh members in the state and will work to increase it to over one crore during the membership drive the bjp is launching its membership drive from july 6, the birth anniversary of its ideologue syama prasad mookerjee ghosh told pti that the bjp had received over 2.
3 crore votes in west bengal in the lok sabha polls, its highest ever, and that is why it has fixed an ambitious target of over one crore members.
the membership drive is scheduled to continue for a month.
it may be extended.
the saffron party has emerged as a key challenger to the ruling trinamool congress in the state.
assembly elections are due in the state in 2021.
bjp leaders have been expressing confidence that they will be able to dislodge chief minister mamatabanerjee , who will complete 10 years in power in 2021, and the party has been poaching on tmc leaders, including mlas.
by changing the date for the meeting to be chaired by prime minister narendra modi , niti has put the ball in the cms court.
sources in the cmo said mamatabanerjee may attend the meet this time.
the governing council meeting with modi as chairman wants a discussion on the countrys development agenda for new india 2022 with chief ministers and members of the think tank.
it will also plan with states the celebr-ations for mahatma gandhis 150th anniversary.
the cm had announced on june 3 that she would stay away from the meet as it was called on eid.
i am not going to the meeting.
it has been called on the day of eid-ul-fitr.
i dont go out of the state during festival days.
there is a national holiday on the occasion of eid, she had said.
she had added the issue of spiralling fuel prices to voice her angst against the centre.
skyrocketing prices have set kitchens on fire.
we feel concerned.
there is hardly any measure to check them beyond publicity, the cm had said.
the bengal government has already announced a holiday on june 16, which is a saturday.
sources in the state secretariat said mamatabanerjee may nominate a senior government official to attend the meeting.
banerjee had skipped niti aayog meets earlier as well.
she stayed away from meetings on three occasions between 2015 and 2018 following differences with the modi governments policies  on issues such as land acquisition and appointing central observers to oversee development in most backward districts  or during drawing up the 15-year vision document for the country.
(ani)new delhi: congress mp from anandpur sahib manish tewari on wednesday referred to the letter written by cafe coffee day founder v g siddhartha alleging that he had been harassed by tax authorities and sought a probe into his death.
speaker om birla, however, said an investigation was on and the veracity of the letter was yet to be ascertained.
congress leader anand sharma called it 'tax terrorism, pointing to fear, distrust and intimidation, and abuse of power by tax authorities and other enforcement agencies.
trinamool congress is set to raise the issue in parliament on thursday.
toi has learnt that the party has moved a notice on the need to create a conducive atmosphere for entrepreneurs to flourish and is likely to demand a discussion in rajya sabha on thursday.
this story is from february 5, 2019decision to send its officersread also:make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
kolkata: bengal witnessed its first roadside cabinet meeting on monday, with mamatabanerjee trying to balance the administrative responsibilities of a head of a state with the role of a national opposition leader from a 625-square-foot dais in the heart of the city at esplanade.
banerjees dharna  against the cbisto kolkata police commissioner rajeev kumars loudon street residence on sunday evening  entered its second day without any sign of when it would end or what it would take to end it.
history suggests that she may not be in a hurry; a hunger-strike launched from this very spot 13 years ago  to protest against acquisition of land in singur by the left front government  went on for 26 days.
this time, though, mamatabanerjee  as head of the bengal government  has multiple official duties and engagements.
so, besides presiding over a cabinet meeting (the state budget was presented in the assembly by fm amit mitra), mamatabanerjee also distributed gallantry medals to cops and addressed a farmers rally, where the audience was at netaji indoor stadium (a couple of kilometres away), over a video call.
the metro channel hare street police outpost adjacent to the stage was converted into a makeshift conference room, where mamatabanerjee joined her cabinet colleagues, including mitra, for the mandatory pre-budget meeting at 1.
20 p.
m.
the formalities were over in 20 minutes and she returned to the dais shortly thereafter.
before that, the chief minister signed a bunch of documents that state chief secretary malay de brought down for her to sign.
another important engagement came in the evening, which required her to hand over gallantry medals to distinguished officers of kolkata police.
it was supposed to be held at uttirna, a convention centre in alipore (6 km away), but the venue was shifted to a stage hurriedly constructed next to the dharna site.
this was a scheduled government programme.
but i cannot leave the stage because of this emergency.
but i do not want government work to be hampered, she said before walking over to the other stage to distribute the medallions.
the dharna stage itself was hurriedly constructed on sunday night.
banerjee reached there at 8.
15 p.
m.
on sunday and sat on a chair with trinamool leaders on one side and senior police officers, including commissioner of police rajeev kumar, on the other even as workers erected the stage.
party leaders remained by her side past midnight, when she asked some of them to go home.
she took a nap around 3am but was up early, taking to walking briskly on the stage and circling around those who sat on the dais and  from time to time  taking the microphone to explain the reasons for her agitation and announcing the names of ministers and other dignitaries when they arrived.
kolkata: coming down heavily on tmc leaders who joined the bjp post the lok sabha elections, west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee tuesday called them greedy and corrupt and said the saffron party was collecting garbage.
the trinamool congress (tmc) supremo also said she would be replacing the traitors with dedicated members and asked those undecided about joining the bjp to leave her party at the earliest.
banerjee's remarks came in the backdrop of three mlas and a majority of councillors from five municipalities in the state defecting to the bjp from the tmc since the declaration of general election results last month.
we are not bothered about a few corrupt and greedy leaders who are switching to some other party.
they joined the bjp as they were afraid they might face consequences for their activities, the chief minister said.
she said her administration is contemplating action against those involved in corruption.
we are throwing out our garbage and the bjp is collecting it.
the tmc boss said she would want to restructure her party ahead of the 2021 west bengal assembly elections, while insisting that those who were in two minds about switching to the bjp should leave immediately.
i would like to urge those traitors who are still undecided on whether to join the bjp or stay in the tmc to leave the party.
one person will leave and 500 more will be inducted in his or her place.
we want to restructure our party and replace corrupt and greedy workers with dedicated cadres, she added.
admitting that her party's leadership made a few mistakes while dealing with old-timers and loyalists, the chief minister assured that the lapses would be taken care of.
she also instructed her party leaders and workers to increase their outreach activities.
banerjee warned party members against infighting as it affects the implementation of government schemes.
work hard and work honestly to reach out to the masses.
don't fall into the bjp's trap.
people are looking at us.
do remember that councillors play a very important role, they are the face of the party in their respective wards, she said.
kolkata/midnapore: chief minister mamatabanerjee may have kept doors open for talks with the maoists, but joint operation has been stepped up a few folds at the same time.
late on monday, police arrested two persons - kajal mahato from rangametia village of nayagram and kalipada mahato from birihandin village of jhargram - for their alleged links with the maoists.
meanwhile, members of rights body apdr on tuesday organised a meeting in front of new secretariat building and condemned mamatabanerjee for branding some rights activists as maoist agents.
ranjir sur, member of the apdr central secretariat, said, we are involved in different types of rights movement for long.
branding maoist was a trick to gag our voice.
members of apdr and 20 other organizations will start a two-day hunger strike at muchipara and will then organize a protest rally to writers' buildings.
several maoist posters were also found on monday at different parts of nayagram block where rebels asked villagers to drive out trinamool activists.
trinamool is the new form of the left front government.
drive them out, said the posters.
jhargram police sp gaurav sharma claimed that mahato was involved in the firing incident at masandihi village.
on tuesday evening, police arrested pranabesh mahato, another youth who allegedly had played a key role in the murder of trinamool congress leader rabindranath mishra in jhargram.
west bengal cm mamatabanerjee with union home minister amit shah at his north block office in new delhi on th.
.
.
read morenew delhi: west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on thursday shared her concern about the fate of many bengali and hindi-speaking citizens wrongfully left out of national register of citizens nrc ) in assam with union home minister amit shah .
the trinamool congress (tmc) chief requested that they be spared any hardship and given due opportunity to be heard.
there are many bengali-speaking, apart from hindi-speaking citizens and gorkhas among the 19 lakh people excluded from nrc in assam.
their life has suddenly become uncertain.
i took up these concerns with the home minister who gave me a patient hearing.
she said the issue of replicating nrc exercise in west bengal did not figure during the meeting.
it is my government's declared stance that nrc is not needed in assam.
even nitish kumar has said it is not required in bihar.
the meeting between mamatabanerjee and shah was the first after the latter took over the reins at north block in new delhi.
banerjee said she also discussed issues relating to border management with shah, given that her state shares boundaries with bangladesh, myanmar and bhutan.
the chief minister described her meeting with shah as part of the constitutional duty.
as a chief minister of a state with boundaries with foreign counties -bangladesh, bhutan and nepal- it is part of my duty, she said.
kolkata: the ruling trinamool congress on wednesday further consolidated its position state-wide with early results indicating its hold over four municipalities among the seven which went to the polls on may 14.
the party took unassailable leads in pujali in south 24 pargans, domkal in murshidabad and raigunj in north dinajpur.
however, celebrations are rather muted with calcutta high court set to hear a petition moved by the congress to cancel the polling in these three municipalities in the plains alleging widespread electoral malpractices.
congress has also alleged that the sec has also played a partisan role on may 14 turning its persistent demands for central forces and observers.
all opposition political parties - left front, congress and bjp - had withdrawn their candidates from the poll fray in these three municipalities on may 14.
even today several opposition candidates and their agents chose to stay away from the counting booths.
given the backdrop, the bjp and congress struck the only discordant note in trinamool's winning script by snatching facile wins in some wards in pujali, raigunj and domkal.
in the hills, trinamool finally appears to have broken a four-decade old status quo by winning the mirik municipality.
the 6-3 poll result in its favour marks the first concrete inroads by a party from the plains wresting decisive control over a hill civic body on its own.
as expected the gorkha janamukti morcha appears to retain its hold over darjeeling and kurseong while kalimpomg appears to be inching towards a hung verdict.
the mirik victory and trinamool's gains in kalimpong appears to vindicate chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjee's decision to declare kalimpomg a district and mirik a sub-division for better administrative delivery and also promising to be resolve the vexed land rights issue in the hills.
experts also chose to interpret the results as a growing vindication of bjp emerging from the shadows of left and congress to lay claim over the primary opposition space in bengal.
kolkata: trinamool mp kalyan mamatabanerjee and railway minister dinesh trivedi took the flak from mamatabanerjee on why the lokpal bill wasn't opposed (or amendments were moved) in the lok sabha, but the trinamool flip-flop bares the abject lack of coordination among the 19 party mps on the ls floor that day.
the only voice of dissent from bengal in the multiple deliberations on lokpal bill leading up to the deadlock in rajya sabha on thursday wasn't from trinamool congress.
ironically, it was from congress mp deepa das munshi.
trinamool mp sukhendu sekhar roy, who voiced his party's dissent on lokayukt on thursday, was a member of the standing committee (formed on august 31) which had earlier deliberated among others a specific poser: should there be one single act for both the lokpal in the centre and lokayukt in the state?
would the state governments be willing to accept a draft provision for the lokayukt on the same lines as that of the lokpal?
roy didn't record any dissent.
he, however, cited the same report - and the depositions made before it - to demand the dropping of the entire lokayukt section from the bill.
there wasn't any such demand by trinamool in any of the standing committee meetings.
it was more of an afterthought, said deepa.
kalyan and dinesh had attended the all-party meeting on the issue, one of hosted at the prime minister's residence, say sources.
dinesh was also a part of the december 20 cabinet meeting with ratified the draft lokpal, in which no dissent was recorded.
sudip bandyopadhyay, who led the party in lok sabha in successfully opposing fdi in retail and pension bill, didn't intervene at any point, some senior leaders said.
interestingly, kalyan in his speech in lok sabha attacked the provisions of articles 252 and 253, which he said encroached upon the state's powers, but stopped short of opposing the bill when it came to voting.
he is also the chief whip of the party in lok sabha.
there wasn't any whip issued to party mps either.
in fact, a senior leader claimed that a few party mps had stayed back in kolkata to supervise mamata's mother gayatri devi's shradh ceremony.
the understated direction from the party chief, it was therefore inferred, was to voice protest but not to stall it, lest it should be construed to be against the public sentiments, the leader added.
mamata's anger, sources suggested, was primarily due to the fact that she had banked on kalyan - a senior supreme court lawyer - to give her a correct interpretation of the lokayukt.
however, trinamool is unlikely to accept kalyan's resignation letter to party secretary-general mukul roy for the party leader still believes, sources claimed, he is and will remain an asset for the party.
representative imagekolkata: on a day when the chief minister tabled the states dengue statistics in the assembly, the disease claimed the life of a 24-year-old woman in the bidhhannagar municipal corporation (bmc) area early on friday.
this was the first dengue-related death in the bmc area this year.
she, however, said the mortality rate in the state was 0.
2 , much lower than the mortality rate standard of 1  set by the world health organisation.
mamoni das of lalkuthi partha nagari was admitted to a private hospital near bypass with fever on september 3 and her blood tested positive for dengue.
she died on friday during treatment and her death certificate mentions multi-organ failure and expanded dengue syndrome as cause of death.
we inspected the locality and found stagnant water in at least 14 households where mosquito larvae have been found, said mmic (health) pranay roy.
according to data with the civic body, 132 people have been affected with dengue in the bmc area.
the chief minister said, we are witnessing a change in the character of mosquitoes that cause the disease.
aedis albopictus bites are now causing dengue rather than the aedis aegypti.
these mosquitoes are mainly biting people in open spaces and not within residences.
it is often found that dengue patients with bites from these mosquitoes suffer from multi-organ failure when admitted to hospitals.
speaking on the measures taken by the health department, she said 3 crore guppy and biolarvicide are being used to combat dengue.
banerjee has also constituted a high power committee led by chief secretary malay de to monitor dengue situation.
this story is from november 17, 2018amit mitradownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
kolkata: in a cabinet reshuffle on friday, chief minister mamatabanerjee on friday gave additional charge of e-governance department to finance , commerce and industries minister amit mitra .
earlier, chandrima bhattacharya, minister of state for health, used to look after the department.
the change, a source said, has been made for better administration as mitra was already heading the it department.
mitra will now be heading finance, industries, commerce and enterprises, msme and it (including e-governance) departments.
while bhattacharya will now be mos of health, planning and statistics (independent charge), land and land reforms, refugee relief and rehabilitation and tribal development departments, asima patra will be the mos for programme monitoring (independent charge), backward class development, agriculture and fisheries departments.
this story is from december 6, 2018tmc leader anubrata mandal at the distribution ceremony in bolpur stadium on wednesdaydownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
bolpur: when bjp national president amit shah embarks on a rath yatra from birbhums tarapith on december 14, he may well see people singing kirtan ahead of him with kholsand khanjanis(musical instruments) as hindus in bengal do while carrying the dead.
this is how trinamools birbhum president anubrata mandal wants to take the wind out of bjps sails during its scheduled rath yatra in birbhum.
on wednesday, he distributed 4,000 kholsand 8,000 khanjanisto villagers from all 19 blocks of birbhum and five blocks of burdwan to checkmate the bjp plan.
i have faith in religion.
we have organized purohit sammelan before and are distributing kholkartal to the devotees so that they can take the name of god as sree chaitanya did.
even rabindranath tagore was influenced by this ganakirtan, mandal said.
the date for holding ganakirtan is december 14.
two ministers, ashis mamatabanerjee and chandranath sinha, zilla parishad sabhadhipati bikash roychowdhury along with trinamool mlas from birbhum were present at the programme.
instead, she asked her partymen to organise pabitra yatra the next day on the same route.
unlike some places of cooch behar, where trinamool activists have threatened to stand on the rath yatra route with bamboo sticks on december 7, mandal took the ganakirtan route in tagores land in a bid to wean people away from bjp.
bjp birbhum secretary kalosona mandal complained that the party was finding it difficult to arrange a venue for shahs public meeting in rampurhat.
everywhere, the grounds are booked either by trinamool or organisations affiliated to them.
we have booked the railway grounds in rampurhat but are yet to find a suitable venue for amitji in bolpur or suri, he said.
bjp state general secretary sayantan basu, however, sounded confident.
people will join the rath yatra on december 14, no matter who does what.
some may take to kholkartal, bamboo sticks or even carry firearms to intimidate people, but that wont work.
trinamool taking out kirtan rallies is significant.
the programme itself announces the partys last journey, he said.
mamata mamatabanerjee meets prime minister narendra modi (pti photo)west bengal cm @mamataofficial calls on pm @narendramodi in new delhi.
https://t.
co/qxfpxtmezo  pmo india (@pmoindia) 1568805557000new delhi: west bengal chief minister and trinamool congress leader mamatabanerjee on wednesday raised the issue of renaming the state during a meeting with prime minister narendra modi the west bengal assembly has passed a resolution to rename the state as 'bangla'.
.
.
.
hence we have proposed the renaming keeping 'bangla' in mind.
the prime minister has assured all help, she said.
she said the prime minister was also extended an invitation to inaugurate deocha pachami, the second largest coal block in the world, after durga puja.
responding to a question on the national register of citizens, she said it is part of assam accord, hence there is no provision of its implementation in west bengal.
neither has any proposal come, nor will it be done, she asserted.
the prime minister's office had earlier tweeted pictures of the two leaders at the official residence of modi.
banerjee is seen presenting a bouquet to the prime minister.
it has also been warned that appointment given to those selected for the state health services would be scrapped if they fail to join before december 11.
a total of 81 teachers in state medical colleges were reluctant to continue after the government transferred them.
the government had decided to appoint 450 specialists, among them 28 had been asked to join immediately.
on monday, mamatabanerjee took stock of the attendance and performance in government hospitals and warned that the govgovernmentwon't hesitate to pull up delinquent staff up to the director level.
the cm gave a piece of her mind against hospitals referring patients due to dearth of beds.
the stock taking revealed that beds are not always occupied in departments such as eye or skin.
but hospitals do not admit emergency patients in these beds.
mamata was not in favour of referring patients to other hospitals and wanted the authorities to put display boards near the emergency section in a bid to make the bed occupancy status transparent.
kolkata: chief minister mamatabanerjee on wednesday strode into the dead chicken sale controversy and hauled up bureaucrats for failing to act in time.
reports of dead chicken being sold to roadside biryani and roll shops have triggered widespread fear.
toi has reported how some households have gone off chicken temporarily, which has bled the industry and caused a price dip.
banerjee, addressing an administrative meeting in birbhum on wednesday, took animal resource development department principal secretary b p gopalika to task for the chicken deaths in baduria, north 24-parganas.
why are poultry dying in baduria?
why didnt we get information on time?
the cm asked.
gopalika tried to say that he acted after getting information on a consignment of dead poultry being shipped out from baduria but that drew another rebuke.
you took action after four days.
your officers from the district didnt pass on information to the government.
why have your officers, including the dm, bdos and police inspectors-in-charge, failed to inform you before the incident?
what were food inspectors doing during the routine procedure of seizing such stocks?
the cm asked.
bengal produces around 2.
2 crore kg of chicken every week, of which 2 crore kg is consumed in the state.
kolkata alone consumes around 54 lakh kg of chicken a week.
both supply and demand have slumped by nearly 30  following the incident, affecting thousands who depend on the industry in north 24-parganas, west midnapore and bankura.
but, more than that, the general wariness over a commonly consumed protein appeared to have sparked the cms anger.
your department may choose to sleep on the matter.
but we cannot because people blame us, the cm said, prompting the departments deputy director to scurry for baduria within hours and seek a report from the dm and sp.
kolkata municipal corporation, however, has acted swiftly.
food inspectors collected samples of chicken from a roadside biryani shop on tuesday and picked up a sample of raw chicken from new market.
these sample are being tested at the civic laboratory as well as jadavpur university.
kmc food inspectors again collected samples of raw chicken from stalls at entally market on wednesday.
these too have been sent to the two laboratories for testing.
a team of food inspectors has been assigned to each of the 16 boroughs.
the state government has given kmc rs 3 crore to set up a fund to check food adulteration.
the current drive against sale of dead and stale chicken is part of this initiative.
darjeeling: the gorkhaland territorial administration (gta) on thursday announced a five-day tourism festival from december 27 to revive the economy of the hills that took a massive blow during the 105-day statehood agitation.
gta chairman binay tamang did not confirm but west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee , who is expected to be in the region during this period, could attend the opening ceremony at chowrasta in darjeeling.
we had invited the chief minister to the festival when we met in siliguri on november 21 for a bipartite talk.
it is up to her to come as we are yet to get an official confirmation, he said at a press briefing on thursday.
after the formation of gta in 2012, the council body had been holding a winter festival with the name tea and tourism festival to promote the region and attract tourists.
however, the statehood agitation in 2013 came as an obstacle in the way of regularly organising the festival.
the last time the event was organized was in 2015.
this time though, gta intends to ensure continuity and make the festival a calendar event incorporating new concepts.
we dont want to point out how the event was organized earlier.
this time we are organizing the festival with a new concept and we want to make it an annual event for tourists to make plans early to visit the hills, tamang said.
the gta tourism department is the nodal agency for organizing the festival christened teesta rangeet tourism fest-2017, which has the support of the state government.
besides the usual fun and frolic at the festival, gta this time intends to attract investors to the region, which is a first.
tamang said five big industrialists of the country could attend the industrialists meet to be held on december 28 in darjeeling.
barrackpore: chief minister mamatabanerjee has once again sent out a strong message to her partymen and the administration that hindrance to industry will not be tolerated.
at an administrative meeting at barrackpore on tuesday, she gave a stern warning to the titagarh civic body and the police for not acting on complaints of encroachment by local dons at the new ship-building factory of titagarh wagons.
who is the titagarh municipality chairman?
what are they doing when some individuals are grabbing company land for money?
and, where is the titagrah police inspector-in-charge.
i want to know what is he doing?
the cm fumed.
banerjee was livid when titagarh ic manirul haq stood up to say that the police had received no such complaints.
i am making the complaint.
i want to know who the don is.
this is not the first time that such a thing has happened.
how could some individuals dare to encroach factory land even after it was stopped earlier?
the visibly angry cm asked.
when titagarh municipality chairman prasanta chowdhury couldn't come up with a satisfactory answer, the cm said, i ask arjun (arjun singh) and shilbhadra (shilbhadra datta) to sit with the municipality chairman and sort out the problem.
i won't.
titagarh wagons (twl) made a foray into ship-building business earlier this month, beginning with the construction of four ships worth rs 175 crore.
the company has plans to ramp up the capacity to 12 ships and make the titagarh facility a dedicated shipyard.
problems began after some local satraps began encroaching on factory land.
in a first, the cm also came down heavily on the chief medical officer of health (cmoh), north 24 parganas, over complaints against the government-run barasat hospital, the one at nagerbazar and a couple of nursing homes in the locality.
when the cmoh tried to pacify the cm saying he had already closed down eight private nursing homes, the cm shot back, i want you to say what you have done on the sarkari hospital front.
there are two ponds near the barasat hospital that have been breeding mosquitoes.
as long as i am in the chair i can't spare government hospitals and only pull up private healthcare givers.
the cm added, i want municipalities to take steps for the upkeep of the area outside the hospitals.
let chairpersons of municipalities look beyond prospective promoting (land development) opportunities and spare some thought on these aspects.
the barasat police also came under fire for the continuing trouble at barasat college.
why is it that some outsiders are creating ruckus in the college?
what are the police doing?
i will catch you if there is any trouble in future, she warned the police inspector.
indian junior doctors hold placards during a protest at north medical college and hospital in siliguri on june.
.
.
read morekolkata: patientsjuniordoctorsinasinindoctorsdoctorsinindoctorsinjuniordoctorsdoctorsstirpatientsininindoctorsjuniordoctorsinjuniordoctorsinbearasasinpatientsinasdoctorsjuniordoctorsstirhave been facing the heat of' protestservices remained affectedstate-run hospitals and colleges for the sixth day on sunday.
at sskm hospitalkolkata, raiganj-resident samuel haque, who was admitted with a cardiac problem, said he was uncertain about his treatment.
his brother said, we came to kolkata last sunday when everything was normal and the outpatient department was functioning.
we admitted him on an emergency basis, withgiving date on tuesday for check-up, following which the date of surgery was to be decided.
but now no doctor is attending to haque, he said.
seniorsay they don't have enough hands to conduct tests, he said.
his condition is deteriorating.
we cannot take him home because it is very difficult for my brother to travel long distancetrains.
we will wait till monday.
servicesemergency wards, outdoor facilities and pathological units of many hospitals have been hit.
the doctor's strike began after two of their colleagues were assaulted at the nrs medical college and hospital by family members of a patient, who died on monday night.
they demand adequate security.
hundreds ofhave resigned en massesupport of their colleagues.
chief minister mamatabanerjee has urged theto return to work and said her government had accepted their demands.
but thehave demanded a dialogue with the government before ending their.
the strike has caused immense trouble forjoydeb roy, a resident of barishatnorth 24 parganas district, was admitted to r g kar hospitalkolkata with an injured leg.
a relative said he was referred to a government hospital, where he had to undergo surgery to place a metallic platehis leg on an emergency-basis.
he is waiting for the surgery.
the seniorare saying they need help ofto conduct the surgery.
my husband is lyingthe department (ward) waiting for treatment, roy's wife said.
are the mainstay of any state-run college-hospital.
mokhtar hussain's family members are planning to return home basirhat .
they have been waiting for two days at the calcutta national medical college and hospital for treatment to resume for hussain, a cancer patient.
i am suffering from high fever for seven days.
i cannotthe pain.
but there is no doctor to carry out check-up.
the opd has been shut for two days and i cannot go anywhere elsethings are the same therewell.
i don't know what to do.
i cannot spend this much money to stay herekolkata.
i will go back home, he said.
family members of the four-year-old romita dhar, a thalassaemia patient, too face a similar dilemma.
when dhar's family took her to chittaranjan national medical college and hospital for check-up on friday, they were told to come on saturday.
it is very difficult to travel with a child who is suffering from thalassaemia.
i'll again come next week, her mother arundhaty roy said.
theadmittedgovernment hospitals are also facing problems with pathological units not functioningusual.
we don't have much money to afford treatment at private hospitals.
i appeal to the chief minister to find a solution to this problem.
why cannot our chief minister come for a meeting with the.
.
.
new delhi: the supreme court tuesday deferred the hearing on a plea seeking protection of doctors in government hospitals, saying since doctors have called off their strike in west bengal and other states, there is no urgency to hear the matter.
a bench of justices deepak gupta and surya kant said it will not issue notice (to the centre) but is keeping the larger issue of protection of doctors open.
we agreed to hear the plea today as there was a strike by doctors and medical fraternity in west bengal and other states.
the strike has been called off and there appears no urgency to hear the petition.
list (the matter) before an appropriate bench, it said.
meanwhile, the indian medical association also filed an impleadment application seeking the court's intervention into the plea already filed, saying protection needs to be provided to doctors across the country.
the bench said it needs to take a holistic view in providing security to doctors.
we understand it is a serious issue but we can't provide security to doctors at the cost of other citizens.
we have to take a holistic view.
we have to look at the larger picture.
we are not against protection to doctors, the bench said.
doctors in bengal had been on strike since two of their colleagues were assaulted allegedly by relatives of a patient after he died last week.
they called off their protest monday night after chief minister mamatabanerjee in a meeting assured them of steps by her government to scale up security at state-run hospitals in the state.
the breakthrough came on a day health services especially outpatient departments (opds) were crippled across the country as doctors held protests and boycotted work to show solidarity with their colleagues in bengal.
the plea in the top court was filed on friday and had sought directions to union ministries of home affairs and health and west bengal to depute government-appointed security personnel at all state-run hospitals to ensure safety and security of doctors.
it had also sought directions to bengal government to take the strictest legal and penal action against those who assaulted the two junior doctors at a hospital in kolkata.
the plea had cited ima data to say that more than 75 per cent of doctors across the country has faced some form of violence.
it said the study concluded that 50 per cent violent incidents have taken place in the intensive care unit of hospitals and in 70 per cent cases, relatives of patients were actively involved.
the doctors are our saviours and particularly the doctor working in government hospitals are doing great national service, particularly to the poor and downtrodden of this country, in extremely adverse circumstances, it had said.
this story is from february 5, 2019mamata mamatabanerjee (file photo)download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
madurai: calling west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee an iron lady, dmk president m k stalin has said that bjp was trying to cause hindrances to her as the party was unable to make headway in that state.
addressing villagers at a gram sabha meeting at thanakkankulam here on monday, he said this with reference to sundays incidents in kolkata when cbi officials who turned up to question the city police commissioner were rounded up by the state police.
two days ago, modi went to kolkata and made a series of false promises.
he even said it was wrong to waive agriculture loans.
he does not have the heart to waive farm loans to the tune of a few thousand rupees but is waiving corporate loans worth several thousand crores.
modi is once again lying that he will double the income of farmers.
he had stripped farmers of their loin clothes at delhi, he said, recalling the 2016 protest by tn farmers.
stating that modi became pm by lying to people and edappadi k palaniswami by cheating sasikala, he termed the pm and cm as skilled liars.
stalin ridiculed modi for calling the interim budget a trailer saying it had taken him five years to come out with the trailer.
people should think how long it would take for the pm to implement welfare schemes, he said.
you have seen chief ministers jailed on graft charges.
for the first time you will see the tamil nadu cm going to jail for the kodanad estate murders, he said.
kolkata: a bitter blame game has begun, not only among politicians but even in the administration, over the death of a woman and a schoolgirl in thursday's police firing at magrahat in south 24-parganas.
police had fired to control a mob in the diamond harbour locality after a crackdown on power theft triggered violence.
over 30 people were injured in the clashes, including seven policemen.
political leaders made a beeline for magrahat all of friday, but what came as a surprise were the strong reverberations felt in the corridors of power.
a section of officials is learnt to be extremely upset with the way the matter is being handled at the highest level of the administration.
on thursday night, chief minister mamatabanerjee had reacted strongly to the incident, saying policemen should have been more careful.
she was particularly angry that she wasn't even aware of it although she was at writers' buildings all day.
but on friday, home secretary g d gautama had a different version to tell.
we knew about the incident when we were at writers', he said, refusing to explain who we were.
when questioned why he and the others had not informed the cm, gautama said: i cannot respond to the cm's comment.
you should not even ask me such questions.
on friday, the three constables who had opened fire were removed from active duty, pending an inquiry.
so was the oc of magrahat, ashis das.
senior trinamool congress leader mukul roy said 14 officials were suspended, though no one in the administration confirmed this.
report to dgp 'it wouldn't be right to blame police alone'magra: a section of officials feels that the administration may be jumping the gun in pinning the blame on police.
the situation on the ground may indeed have flared up, they say.
when asked about this, g d gautama said: why police opened fire depends on the situation.
an inquiry is on.
in fact, south bengal ig sanjay mukherjee's report to dgp naparajit mukherjee mentions that the initial police force strength was around 30 and it would not be right to blame the police alone.
it also says that power officials had not informed police correctly about the situation before launching the drive.
there is, however, no doubt that the deaths occurred due to police firing, which was confirmed by the preliminary autopsy report.
all the political parties kept the temperature soaring throughout the day.
even before trinamool leader mukul roy reached the locality, a sixmember left delegation, led by cpm mla abdur rezzak mollah, had already embarked on their fact finding mission.
the cpm demanded a judicial inquiry and declared a 12-hour magrahat bandh on saturday, followed by a statewide protest on sunday.
trinamool was quick to announce rs 2 lakh compensation to the kin of the deceased.
even the all bengal electricity consumers' association called a 12-hour strike in magrahat on december 4.
the trinamool came under fire from cpm and even the congress, which is an ally in the government.
pradesh congress president pradip bhattacharya said: we thought the police will change, but they are behaving like they did during the previous left front rule.
the congress demands strong action against the police officers.
the cm had already stoked political heat by blaming her political opponents for instigating the violence.
leader of opposition leader surjya kanta mishra hit back on friday, saying: the cm has blamed the police, power department officers and even a section of villagers for the deaths.
she herself isn't sure about who is exactly responsible.
we want to know whose lapse led to the police firing.
was it the oc, sp or dgp?
who kept the cm in the dark?
merely suspending three constables will not suffice.
we don't have faith in the administration which doesn't even brief the cm adequately.
a judicial enquiry is the only alternative.
mukul roy said, the cm is angry and upset.
at her instruction, i have spoken to the victims' kin.
this should never have happened.
it appears the villagers had applied for electricity connections in 2007.
why didn't they get the connection in the last four years?
mayor sovan chatterjee and zilla parishad president shamima biwi accompanied roy to the locality.
voting underway for panchayat elections in #westbengal, visuals from a polling booth in cooch behar.
https://t.
co/lglcp3s3et  ani (@ani) 1526263566000kolkata: the much-awaited west bengal panchayat polls began at 7am on monday.
the voting will continue till 5 p.
m.
in 621 zilla parishads, 6157 panchayat samitis, and 31,827 gram panchayats.
the counting will take place on may 17.
voters queue up outside a polling booth in sirakole village in south 24 parganas district.
considering the history of violence in the state panchayat polls, elaborate security arrangements have been made to maintain law and order during the polling.
around 46000 personnel of west bengal police, 12000 of kolkata police were getting support from around 1500 security personnel from other states.
it is notable that there was widespread violence between the ruling trinamool congress (tmc) and opposition parties during the nomination filing process that claimed lives of many people.
the run-up to the panchayat polls also saw a legal battle that reached up to the supreme court.
on may 10, the apex court set aside calcutta high court order that asked west bengal election commission (wbec) to accept nominations for panchayat polls through e-mail.
the wbec had challenged the order of the calcutta high court, which on may 8 had directed the wbec to accept nominations of communist party of india- marxist (cpi-m), which had reportedly filed around 800 nominations through email within the stipulated time before 3 p.
m.
on april 23.
\ the nomination filing process had started from 2 to 9 april and then again on an extended date on april 23.
the supreme court had also expressed disappointment over the unopposed election of the ruling tmc for 34 per cent seats.
new delhi: the move of seven opposition parties to submit a notice for impeachment motion against the chief justice of india has also sent a message to trinamool congress leader mamatabanerjee that she cant dictate the larger political moves of the core opposition camp, leaders involved in the exercise said.
banerjee had not allowed trinamool mps to sign the motion.
the joint move of the seven parties has showcased the limits of banerjees capacity to be an alternative to the congress and in rallying the larger opposition.
banerjee had assured the congress and other parties that her mps would sign once the rest of like-minded parties signed the motion.
however, despite repeated efforts from the congress leadership during the fag-end the budget session, she chose to vacillate, which some leaders likened to teasing the congress and others who had signed the petition.
adding to it was the informal boast of her mps that mamatabanerjee was influencing the reflexes of other regional parties who started flip-flopping.
since the opposition move is aimed at projecting the seven parties as determined crusaders against the questionable credibility of the cji and governments alleged intervention with the supreme courts functioning, it would be curious to see how mamatabanerjee will justify her partys non-participation in the motion before its political constituency at a time trinamool is facing a frontal attack from bjp.
neither mamatabanerjee nor her party have commented on the opposition move.
congress leader ghulam nabi azad, however, diplomatically said at the news conference that the seven parties were acting on behalf of other opposition parties who have not signed, leaving mamatabanerjee the opportunity to extend her belated support.
the fact that some regional players such as ncp, sp and bsp joined the congress-initiated move coincides with trinamools overdrive in projecting mamatabanerjee as pm material, a project that would require the trust and acceptability of competing regional big wigs.
for the left, it is also tactically a fulfilment to show they are in the core opposition camp sans banerjee.
to speculation that trinamool, dmk and rjd have been held back by legal cases, a senior congress leader said, it is the congress party and our leaders who are targeted maximum by the nda government, even by filing all kind of cases.
but we wont buckle under pressure.
historically, the bravest and the most-determined have fought the crucial battles for the country.
agartala/ kolkata/ delhi: arch rivals trinamool and cpm on tuesday closed ranks in slamming bjp over the demolition of two lenin statues in tripura in the last 24 hours even as the junior home minister at the centre, hansraj gangaram ahir, emphasised that statues of foreign leaders have no place in india.
we condemn all kinds of violence and the state government is handling the situation.
but i want to make it clear that statues of foreign leaders are not required in india.
i don't want to take anyone's name but i want to say that we have no place for them, ahir told pti.
he added that india had produced enough icons and ideologues like mahatma gandhi, swami vivekananda, b r ambedkar, deen dayal upadhyaya and ram manohar lohia for people to eulogise.
bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee and cpm general secretary sitaram yechury appeared to be on the same page on the demolition of the lenin statues.
lenin is not our leader, but we are tolerant of all views.
we don't support dismantling of statues of heroes be it that of gandhiji, netaji, swami vivekananda, marx or lenin.
at the same time, mamatabanerjee took care that her statement was not misunderstood by her party supporters, who had fought cpm tooth and nail during the left front rule.
i fought against cpm atrocities in singur, nandigram and netai.
but that doesn't prevent me from opposing bjp's atrocities in tripura.
beat cpm with your development if you can, she said.
reacting to the demolition, yechury said, bjp's fascistic trait has been well displayed at tripura's belonia where they dismantled lenin's statue.
what's more, the governor of tripura, holding a constitutional position, has expressed happiness over the dismantling of the statue.
this is a grave danger.
refuting yechury's allegations of attacks by bjp-rss supporters on left workers, sunil deodhar, bjp's tripura observer, said: bjp has no role in the belonia incident.
it was an outburst of people's anger against cpm which was suppressed for 25 years.
deodhar said bjp is committed to ending all kinds of political intolerance.
i assure you that once our government is formed, such incidents will never happen in tripura, he added.
kolkata: bidhannagar municipal corporation on monday will identify the land to relocate the 40-odd shanty dwellers.
the shanties are located on the new garia-airport metro alignment, near mahisbathan , below the flyover which connects sector v to new town.
the civic body has been entrusted by the north 24-parganas district magistrate with freeing the encroached land.
corporation mayor sabyasachi dutta told toi on saturday, on monday, our officials will identify vested land in rajarhat , a stretch where these shanty dwellers can be relocated.
we expect to be able to build their makeshift homes in three to four days.
eviction will start soon after.
dutta added, this bit of the work is simple.
the shanty dwellers have told us they are willing to evacuate and resettle elsewhere.
earlier, there were talks about settling the shanty dwellers under the new town box bridge, where shopowners housed in three buildings (now being demolished) will be shifted.
as the razing work of the buildings on the new garia-airport metro route entered itsthird day on saturday, civic officials were at ease that the complex job of removing encroaching highrises from projects alignment was successful.
so were those from rail vikas nigam limited rvnl ), the implementing agency of the 34km corridor running via em bypass and vip road till the airport.
rnvl executive director rajesh prasad said, not only the state government and the corporation, we are also thankful to the media for their role in highlighting the issues and making this possible.
the project was announced by chief minister mamatabanerjee when she was the railway minister.
but encroachment and land issues led to increased costs and time overruns, delaying the project by at least seven years.
on saturday, the second floor of the five-storey oyo hotels was razed with the help of pneumatic drill.
workers of acc excavation & demolition, which has been engaged by the corporation to demolish the structure, said they hoped to dismantle to the first floor by sunday.
the whole building should be demolished in another three or four days, said a worker.
another four structures also came under the hammer.
the biggest of them is mohishgote primary school.
while most of the razing work of the smaller buildings is complete, the schools faade needs to be pulled down.
rvnl will put up barricades in the area in the next two days so that piling for the metro construction can begin.
kolkata: sovan chatterjee , the tmc leader who joined the bjp recently, said on tuesday that he is ready to contest against west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee in the next assembly polls if the saffron party wanted it.
he dismissed allegations that he had switched over to the saffron camp to avoid cbi interrogations into the narada scam.
chatterjee, who was once a trusted lieutenant of the tmc supremo, had in the past been summoned by the enforcement directorate and the cbi in the narada scam.
when i was in tmc, i was a loyal soldier of that party.
now i have joined the bjp and will be its loyal soldier.
i will do whatever my party asks me to do.
if they ask me to contest against mamatabanerjee in next election i will do so, he said at his first press conference at the state bjp headquarters.
chatterjee and his close aide baisakhi mamatabanerjee were felicitated by west bengal bjp president dilip ghosh at a function here on tuesday.
banerjee was the president of the trinamool congress professors cell who had joined the saffron party along with him on august 14 in new delhi.
when asked whether he had switched over to bjp to save himself from interrogations into the narada tape scam, chatterjee said all of you should remember that it (the narada scam) is a subjudice matter.
and there is huge difference between being accused and proven guilty.
nothing has been proved as of now, he said.
chatterjee is a four time mla of the tmc and two time mayor of kolkata municipal corporation besides being a minister.
chatterjee was asked by the chief minister to resign from his post as both minister and mayor in november 2018 following problems in his personal life.
since then he had taken sabbatical from politics and his joining bjp had taken political observers by surprise.
kolkata: chief minister mamatabanerjee reached out to her ailing predecessor buddhadeb bhattacharjee for the second time in a span of six months on thursday evening, sending out the signal that she never failed in extending courtesy to her political opponents even on the day her partymen in birbhum injured cpm leader ramchandra dom in nalhati in the run-up to the rural polls.
banerjee took time off her busy schedule to call on cmp leader bhattacharjee at his palm avenue home at 6.
30pm.
she stayed for half an hour until 7pm.
kolkata police commissioner rajiv kumar accompanied the cm from nabanna to the former cms place.
bhattacharjee came down to the apartment entrance to see mamatabanerjee off.
uni buddhadeb babu.
ami eshechhilam oke dekhte.
onar songe golpo korlam, khub bhalo laglo.
boudir songeo kotha holo (this is buddhadeb babu.
i came to see how he is doing.
it was nice talking to him and his wife), she said while leaving former cms flat.
he was having an eye problem.
he has improved.
he is absolutely okay now, mamatabanerjee added.
the former cm has, however, stopped going to the cpm state headquarters on alimuddin street owing to his chronic respiratory distress.
bhattacharjee had attended the cpm state conference with oxygen support but opted out of the new party state committee though party bosses had wanted him to remain as an invitee.
trinamool chief mamatabanerjee hasnt burnt bridges with her former bete noire bhattacharjee.
she had ordered urgent repairs for flat 1 at 59a palm avenue, the former cms house, that was in a bad shape.
she also asked if the housing department  the owner of the property  had started the process of handing over ownership to bhattacharjee and the other tenants who had been living there for decades.
kolkata municipal corporation had taken up repairs of leaks in the water tank immediately after.
the cm had also offered to shift the bhattacharjees to another flat in the same building during repairs.
telangana cm k chandrashekhar rao and west bengal cm mamatabanerjee banerjeenew delhi: four chief ministers, including mamatabanerjee amarinder singh and jai ram thakur , skipped the fifth meeting of the governing council of the niti aayog chaired by pm narendra modi on saturday.
amarinder's stand-in punjab finance minister manpreet badal was refused permission by the centre to attend the meeting on saturday, saying only cms could attend the session.
cm amarinder singh had to pull out at the last minute because of food poisoning.
all the other cms, administrators of union territories as well as jammu & kashmir governor satya pal malik attended the meeting.
bengal cm mamatabanerjee , facing the wrath of agitating doctors in her state at present, and her telangana counterpart rao had also skipped modi's swearing-in ceremony.
sources said, rao was busy with preparations for the launch of his ambitious rs 80,000 crore kaleshwaram lift irrigation project.
himachal cm jai ram thakur was unable to attend the meeting since he is out of the country on an official tour.
new delhi: the government is likely to follow up on the assurance to trinamool congress chief mamatabanerjee that it will not operationalise the decision on fdi in multi-brand retail by conveying a similar commitment to the opposition.
this was indicated by prime minister manmohan singh when he said at the navy day function on sunday that he hoped parliament would function normally on wednesday, when it next meets.
the opposition has held up proceedings in both houses of parliament by demanding a rollback of the fdi in retail decision and has pressed for a vote on it through an adjournment motion.
when asked if parliament would function normally on wednesday, the pm said, hopefully.
his remark came while attending the navy day 'at-home' here.
the pm's optimism indicates that the government may call an all-party meet on wednesday morning to announce that the fdi decision has been put on hold.
so far, banerjee's statement that she has been promised that the government will not press ahead with the fdi decision is the only indication that the contentious matter has been consigned to the backburner.
but there has been no official word yet.
the opposition would like to insist on a statement as a condition to call off its protest.
some in the government feel that a cabinet meeting may have to be called to suspend the fdi decision.
almost half of the winter session has been washed out due to the din caused by the opposition and two upa constituents - trinamool and dmk -- over their demand for a rollback of the decision to allow fdi in retail.
this story is from november 22, 2018the scene outside the mayors southern avenue residencedownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
kolkata: beleaguered mayor and trinamool congress leader sovan chatterjee , who resigned from the state cabinet on tuesday, worked overtime from home on wednesday, plotting and fighting simultaneous battles on two fronts  political and domestic  and appearing on a bengali news channel to accuse estranged wife ratna chatterjee of marital infidelity, financial impropriety and of engaging supari killers to annihilate his friend, baisakhi mamatabanerjee , and her daughter.
sovans accusations on tv were followed immediately by ratnas equally vehement denials (on the same channel), giving bengal a reality showcum-soap opera unprecedented in its political history.
sovan dug his heels in on the political front, refusing to resign as the mayor and staying away from the kolkata municipal corporation headquarters, despite trinamool chief mamatabanerjee banerjees tuesdays directive asking him to put in his papers.
you will come to know about my stand in due course, sovan said on wednesday, delaying his partys efforts to redraw its organisational and legislative maps, all the time insisting that he had undiminished faith in the cms leadership.
on the domestic front, however, he was much more combative, shedding his months-long reticence.
nonchalant sovan may face expulsion from partyin a no-holds-barred, aggressive interview from his southern avenue home, which ratna watched live on television at her parnasree residence, sovan said: while i was busy with politics, i found to my dismay that a company called gcr had been floated.
i asked my wife who chiku was and she told me he was abhijit ganguly.
my wife told me to my face that she was having an affair with him and i could seek a divorce if i wanted.
(gopal is ratnas brothers name.
) sovan also alluded to widespread rumours of his relationship with baishakhi mamatabanerjee , a university lecturer, and absolved her of any role in this episode.
sovans using a television channel to take to the public his side of an essentially domestic quarrel indicates that this may only be the first act of an episode he would like to continue for some more time.
the response from his party colleagues was predictable.
municipal chairperson mala roy waited at the kmc headquarters till 4pm for the mayor  or his resignation  to arrive and then left in a huff.
i have not received the resignation.
there has been no intimation via e-mail either, roy said after the day-long wait.
trinamool chief mamatabanerjee has called a meeting on thursday to discuss the post-sovan situation in the kmc.
his decision to defer his resignation from the mayors position came as a sharp contrast to his on-the-spur decision to resign from the state cabinet after getting a rebuke from the trinamool chief.
but his predecessor in the kmc, cpm leader bikash bhattacharya, did not see anything wrong in the delay.
i feel sovan chatterjee is well within his rights to take a thought-out decision.
the cm cannot ask the mayor to step down.
the mayors position is different from that of the council of ministers who continue at the cms (or the pms) pleasure, bhattacharya said.
but sovans digging his heels in may isolate him further in the trinamool.
his nonchalance may also prompt the party to show him the door followed by a no-confidence motion in the kmc house meeting.
sovan loyalists feel that, like many others, he too is waiting for the trinamool to take disciplinary steps against him so that he can choose his future in some other party.
state bjp leaders said sovan was in touch with their party.
but there are others who still believe that sovan, once a mamatabanerjee favourite, will pull back at the last minute.
this story is from december 6, 2018representative imagedownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
the centre has increased the allocation of ias officers to bengal by 12.
the move comes after several comments in the last two years by chief minister mamatabanerjee on a shortfall of ias officers in the state and her intention of setting up a new administrative cadre of officers to counter this crunch.
on monday, the centre informed state chief secretary malay de about allocating the 12 officers from the 2018 batch even with this extra allocation, the ias shortfall in bengal has not been completely bridged.
the total allotment of ias officers for bengal is 317.
right now, with the additional 12 sanctioned, the figure stands at 298, up from 286.
the department of personnel and tranining (dopt), which controls ias officers, in a letter on december 3 to the bengal chief secretary, mentioned that it was allocating four officers to bengal who are domiciled in maharashtra: hirani aditya vikram mohan, salunkha piyush bhagwan rao, joshi rohan laxmikant and patil srinivas vyankat rao.
four officers domiciled in up are also getting bengal cadre: e ahmed, h zaheer rizvi, s sekhar and naveen kumar chandra.
there are two from bengal: s k choudhury and a zia.
two other ias officers are from kerala and chattisgarh.
officers said the shortfall was mainly due to the release of ias officers for central deputation and for which the bengal cm has asked not to allow any officer for central deputation.
but the dopt has been urging the state to release officers for central deputation, which is mandatory for ias officers.
right now there are over 30 ias officers awaiting their stint for central deputation, said a nabanna official.
for several reasons, junior officers are not getting their central deputation or change of cadre, for which three officers have even moved the central administrative tribunal seeking relief, the official said.
hyderabad: trs rajya sabha mp k keshava rao is in the limelight again.
according to trs sources, keshava rao is aiding cm k chandrasekhar rao in garnering national support using his contacts as he had worked as aicc in-charge of jharkhand and west bengal before joining the trs.
a day after kcr announced that he would take a lead role in the formation of the third front ahead of the 2019 polls, trinamool congress chief mamatabanerjee and former jharkhand cm hemant soren called up kcr and extended their support.
according to trs sources, keshava rao played a vital role in talking to the two leaders and the latter extending their support for the anti-bjp and anti-congress front.
mamata had reportedly told kcr that she would be working with him in bringing like-minded parties together.
when keshava rao joined the trs in 2013, he was made party general secretary and became party number 2 by heading the national affairs committee.
however, his role drastically came down after the formation of telangana.
recently, keshava rao's family figured in the miyapur land scam.
however, he denied any wrongdoing by his family members and said the property was purchased after legal advice and to avoid further controversy, he claimed he cancelled the deal.
in the past few days, keshava rao has been visibly seen besides kcr during his meetings regarding the national front.
according to trs mla srinivas goud, kcr is our supreme leader.
he and the party will make all leaders work for the party as per the requirement.
keshava rao is the leader of the party in rajya sabha, and the party will be using his experience and connections as he worked in two states as in charge earlier in the congress.
junior doctors' meeting with west bengal cm mamatabanerjee at nabanna in howrah on monday.
(toi photo | sajal.
.
.
read morelakkhi chhele, ebar tomra strike tule naokolkata: junior doctors in bengal finally called off their week-long strike and promised to resume duty on tuesday morning, ending a stir that crippled out patient departments (opds) and severely hit emergency services at hospitals across the state.
the cordial negotiations between the cm and doctors were broadcast live for about 100 minutes by two regional channels.
the doctors, who had adopted a strident posture against the administration for the initial police inaction against the kin of a bereaved patient at nrs hospital last monday (incident that triggered the stir) relented in the face of genuine-sounding assurances from the cm.
the state administration medical fraternity face-off escalated after bengal cm mamatabanerjee issued a stern warning of action against the strike during her visit to sskm hospital last thursday.
what could have also played on their minds was the rising public opinion against the continuing strike, especially after the cm's appeal for talks last weekend.
the striking doctors returned to the nrs campus on monday and, after another general-body meeting, made a statement: we hereby announce the withdrawal of the strike by junior doctors.
several issues were discussed at the meeting.
they ranged from security measures - collapsible gates for emergency wards, regulated entry for patients' kin and enhanced police presence on medical campuses with nodal officers responsible for law and order - to the cm's suggestion for third-party pr professionals, who could act as grief counsellors and handle communication between overworked doctors and aggrieved patients' kin and grievance cells for patients.
we are delighted with the cordial manner in which the meeting was held, the cm's caring touch and concrete suggestions and assurances to the issues raised by us, one of the junior doctors said.
they (doctors) have genuine demands.
we have listened to them and taken decisions to resolve them.
this must be a continuous process.
the cm's gentleness, however, came with the message that she could not be bullied.
urged by the junior doctors to visit the doctor who was injured in the nrs attack, and come to the nrs campus, she said, leave certain things to us.
.
.
give me your word that you will resume duty.
kolkata: after kmcs crackdown on unsafe packaged water , the state has made it mandatory for all such water units to have certification from two food-security authorities , besides the bureau of indian standard (bis) seal of approval.
the bis mark alone was not enough to guarantee purity of packaged drinking water, said consumers affairs department minister sadhan pandey at the state assembly on tuesday, adding that every container must also carry certification from the food safety and standards authority of india (fssai) and the legal metrology department.
besides, a task force will be set up to combat the menace, pandey said.
headed by an additional district magistrate, the forceset up at darjeeling, hooghly, howrah, north 24 parganas, west midnapore and jhargramwill conduct raids on spurious packaged drinking water units across the state, shut them down and initiate criminal proceedings against the offending traders.
the measures are expected to add teeth to the government and the civic bodys crackdown on firms that did not follow any rules and packaged unsafe drinking water for sale.
following an outbreak of enteric disease in the southern part of kolkata, the kmc found a number of units selling unsafe drinking water in bottles after which the enforcement branch of the city police raided and sealed those units.
but these unitsseveral of them illegalapparently make for only the tip of an iceberg as spurious packaged drinking water units have mushroomed all across bengal, especially in north and south 24 parganas.
the new task forces, which will have representatives of the enforcement branch, bureau of indian standard (bis) and legal metrology, has already carried out three major raids and seizure operations.
from now on, we will take stricter measures against those units, such as shutting them down and starting criminal cases against the owners, pandey said.
i immediately issued an order to form a district-level task force, headed by the additional district magistrate.
if any unit is found to sell drinking water without the three mandatory security marks, we will not only shut it down but also initiate a criminal case against it.
this story is from november 28, 2018stalin feels it is time he established direct contact with national leadersdownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
chennai: the dmk is planning to utilise the occasion of unveiling the statues of former party presidents m karunanidhi and c n annadurai to stitch together a mega alliance to take on the bjp in the lok sabha polls.
senior dmk leaders have been dispatched to various parts of the country to invite leaders of all opposition parties.
the unveiling of the two statues is scheduled for december 16.
though stalin has emerged as the undisputed leader of the dmk, he is yet to make his presence felt at the national level.
leaders of other opposition parties have so far been interacting with dmk leaders like kanimozhi and t r baalu.
stalin feels it is high time that he established direct contact with national leaders.
the opposition party leaders, working towards an alternative for the bjp rule, cannot ignore the dmk as it is sitting pretty in tamil nadu , which has 39 seats for grabs.
for the congress, the dmk is a trusted ally too.
though a meeting of opposition party leaders was scheduled last week, it could not be held as many leaders were busy with state assembly elections.
chennai will see the first congregation of opposition leaders in the run up to the 2019 ls polls.
it would give dmk president m k stalin an opportunity to interact with all national leaders and strategise for the polls, said a dmk senior leader.
the dmks rajya sabha mps and former mps are visiting leaders of national parties and regional parties to invite them to the function.
leaders of the congress, the cpi, the cpm and many regional parties have been invited, he said.
as of now, former congress president sonia gandhi, telugu desam party chief and andhra pradesh chief minister n chandrababu naidu, kerala chief minister pinarayi vijayan and karnataka chief minister h d kumarasamy have accepted the invitations.
if they fail to turn up, they will depute their representatives, said the leader.
stalin is keen on inviting tmc chief and west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee , nationalist congress party chief sharad pawar, national conference chief farooq abdullah and left party leaders, he said.
many among them had turned up at the funeral of karunanidhi.
once the two statues are unveiled at the party headquarters, anna arivalayam, the leaders would meet for a discussion.
it could be either at the dmk headquarters or at any city hotel, said the leader.
this story is from january 29, 2019download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
kolkata: capping months of speculation, congress mp from malda north mausam benazir noor joined trinamool on monday in the presence of chief minister mamatabanerjee at state secretariat nabanna.
noor has been entrusted with campaigning and consolidating trinamools prospects in the three adjoining districts other than malda  north and south dinajpur and murshidabad  all congress bastions with a sizeable minority population.
speaking to reporters, noor said she wanted to see mamatabanerjee as the prime minister.
the charisma of mamatabanerjee was quite clear from the january 19 rally at brigade, she added.
bengal congress president somen mitra, who described noors exit as unfortunate, said: mausams decision has saddened us but congress in malda will grow from strength to strength.
leaders close to mitra felt that despite a free hand to lead the party in the district, noors decision was a disappointment.
she was given the opportunity to choose the district general secretary  a post the state congress president usually appoints, said a congress leader.
with noor joining tmc, the rift within kotwali house is imminent as her uncle, veteran mp abu hasem khan choudhury (dalu), expressed unawareness about the development.
till afternoon, we were together at pcc and held a meeting with somen mitra.
i had no idea she had such a plan, he said.
isha khan choudhury, congress mla from sujapur and noors cousin, said: it is her personal decision and has nothing to do with the family.
in no way can this be seen as a rift in the party.
but mausam should have given it a thought before associating the family name with trinamool congress.
isha will be the congress ca-ndidate from malda north.
two-time mp noor received her first electoral jolt in the 2018 panchayat polls as congress ranked third in malda north after tmc and bjp.
talk of her defection had been doing the rounds since then.
speaking to toi, noor had even hinted at changing allegiance.
but coming barely a month before the notification of lok sabha poll dates, noors defection is considered crucial.
noor, sources said, had been hoping for an aicc-trinamool alliance.
however, with the possibility remote, she chose to switch flanks.
noor said a major section of congress workers in malda who are happy with the development in the state are likely to join tmc.
people of malda want to fight against bjp, which has a sinister design for bengal, and i ioined trinamool to work under mamata-didi, she said.
noor will attend a tmc rally at old malda on january 20 where several congress leaders are expected to join trinamool, said minister suvendu adhikari.
this story is from february 12, 2019akhilesh yadavdownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
lucknow: withdrawing from the race for prime ministers post, samajwadi party chief akhilesh yadav announced on monday that his party will not be seeking the top post.
responding to a query on the possibility of west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee being a claimant to the pms post after 2019 polls, yadav said the country wants a new pm and clarified that sp was not in the race.
desh naya pradhan mantri chahta hai.
hum samajwadi log race mein nahi hain lekin desh ko naya pradhan mantri mile iske liye kaam kar rahe hain (the country wants a new pm.
we samajwadis are not in the race, but we are working to pave the way for a change of pm), he said.
earlier, while announcing the historic alliance with bsp in the january 12 press conference along with mayawati, yadav had ducked the question on opposition pm candidate.
you know who i will support, he had said when toi had asked if he would support mayawati for the pms post.
in another announcement, he said sp will give one more seat to rashtriya lok dal from his quota of 38 seats in the alliance.
ye gathbandhan bsp se toh hai, wahin aapki aur jankari hogi ki congress party bhi shamil hai, rld ko bhi teen seat dee gayee hain, woh bhi shamil hain.
aur nishad party ko bhi, kyunki pehle hum chunaav un ke sath lade hain (our alliance is with bsp, but you must be knowing that congress is also part of it.
rld now has been given three seats and nishad party is also with us as earlier we contested elections together), yadav said.
sp-bsp had left two seats for congress and two others for other constituents of the alliance while splitting the remaining 76 equally between themselves.
yadav had later announced that rld will contest two seats.
on monday, he announced that his party has spared three seats for ajit singh led outfit which enjoys considerable clout across the jat belt in west up.
though it has not been announced which seats have been given to rld, sources said after a consensus on muzaffarnagar and baghpat, sp has agreed to spare mathura seat also.
download the times of india news app for latest cityvaranasi: bjp mla from bairia surendra singh on sunday hit out at the muslim community saying they (muslims) have janwari pravritti (animalistic character) to have many wives and a large number of children.
he also defended bareilly bjp mla rajesh mishra for the row over his daughter sakshi mishras inter-caste marriage and termed sakshis step a decision stimulated by sexual passion.
asked by the reporters in ballia on sunday to comment on sp leader azam khans recent statement, hang those parents who are expecting more than two children, singh said: muslim dharma mein aap janate hain ki 50 aurat rakhiye aur 1,050 bachche paida kijiye.
ye koi parampara nahi hai, ye to ek janwari pravitti hai.
prakriti pradatt jo bhi santan (2-4) aa jaye usme koi baat nahi hai (you know that in muslim religion people keep 50 wives and reproduce 1,050 children.
it is not a tradition, but it is animalistic character.
there is nothing wrong to have 2-4 children in natural course).
replying to another question, singh defended bareilly bjp mla saying that parents are the most caring and loving persons for their children.
denouncing sakshi for her step, he said: ye kamukta-vash liya gaya nirnay kahin se bhi achha nahi kaha ja sakta.
sakshi ka jo bhi nirnay hai galat nirnay hai aur uska pashchatap usko bhavishya mein karna padega (the decision was influenced by sexual passion and could not be justified.
sakshi will have to repent in future for her decision).
sakshi and her husband ajitesh kumar on monday appeared before allahabad high court to seek protection as they feared for their lives.
the court ordered police to provide adequate security to ajitesh and sakshi.
khan, reacting to union minister giriraj singhs recent remark over population control, had said that hang those parents where there are chances of more than two children.
in the past too, singh had been in limelight for his controversial remarks.
on unnao molestation and gang rape case, he had said that such incidents (rapes) could not be controlled even if lord rama comes (to earth).
he had also termed west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee surpanakha, the sister of demon king ravana and prime minister narendra modi as a reincarnation of lord ram.
kolkata: eating into bengal's left space seems a bigger priority for trinamool congress chief mamatabanerjee than keeping the upa boat at the centre afloat.
with congress stocks unlikely to pick up in the run-up to the assembly polls in five states, including uttar pradesh, mamatabanerjee is likely to continue with her unpredictable stance even if the state congress threatens to go it alone in the panchayat elections.
there have been at least four occasions since july when senior congress leaders, from pranab mukherjee to prime minister manmohan singh, have come down to kolkata to reach out to mamata.
but they returned empty-handed.
the upa's setback on the lokpal bill front is the latest.
mamata is confident of pushing her party's tally further in the 2014 lok sabha polls without congress.
the nonchalance showed on friday in the way a trinamool minister treated congress supporters agitating at writers' buildings against the government's decision to rename indira bhavan at salt lake after poet nazrul islam.
all seemed well with trinamool congress while the lokpal bill was discussed in the union cabinet meeting on december 20.
trinamool mp sukhendu sekhar ray, a member of the standing committee during the second round of discussion on the implications of the lokpal bill on india's federal structure, also stayed silent.
it was only after other regional partners went all out against the lokayukta clause of the bill that its implications struck mamata.
as it happens, trinamool mp kalyan mamatabanerjee had to take the blame, though his party colleagues in parliament confided there was no clear instruction from kalighat on whether to support or oppose the bill.
congress leaders in delhi tried to play down mamata's knee jerk reaction and the subsequent embarrassment with some other factors came into play-type statements.
trinamool leaders blamed it on lack of coordination between congress and allies.
it has happened earlier as well.
hogging the limelight after her path breaking anti-acquisition stir in singur, mamatabanerjee in july made it clear to the centre that she would have the new land enactment at her own terms where no land can be acquired for the private even if they are into infrastructure.
her party mp and former land reforms secretary debabrata bandyopadhyay was snubbed to silence the day after he opined that his party is open to land acquisition for the private in infrastructure.
later, union minister jairam ramesh was deputed to make peace with mamatabanerjee with a federal clause that suits her ego.
ramesh showed the draft bill that empowers states to have its own law.
in september, mamatabanerjee pulled out of the prime minister's delegation to dhaka at the last minute scuppering the indo-bangla teesta water sharing treaty.
she feared that the water sharing to the extent that the centre wants it with bangladesh might queer the trinamool pitch in north bengal where the party got a foothold only after the 2011 assembly elections.
two months after in november came yet another bouncer from the trinamool chief with her party raising a din over the hike in petroleum prices despite the fact that mamatabanerjee as railway minister was a member of the empowered group of ministers that took the decision of deregulating petrol prices.
mamata, however, was not present in the meeting.
all this while, mamatabanerjee had been clamouring for a special bailout package for the broke state, though she took exception when asked whether her stance against the centre was a ploy to extract more fund for bengal.
i am not into such blackmailing, the cm said.
mamata continued with her angst and turned down prime minister's call asking for her party's support to fdi entry in retail in december.
such flip flops point to a deeper malaise within the upa fold.
according to political observers, the marriage of convenience often lacks trust that makes allies work together.
the congress-trinamool bonhomie is a development of two years since the 2009 lok sabha polls when congress president sonia gandhi gave a free hand to mamatabanerjee to teach the cpm a lesson after the face off over the nuclear deal.
so much so, that the congress huddled up a majority with its allies to set stage for the upa ii government, without even announcing a common minimum programme.
sensing the weakness in the upa chemistry, mamatabanerjee kept on putting pressure on the upa to extract her pound of flesh as an emerging regional force does to advance its cause.
the alliance thus suffers from an inherent weakness with mamatabanerjee tying up with a party she had been calling the cpm's b team till the other day.
and the congress has to continue with the coalition pangs that it thought would be less without the left.
this story is from december 3, 2018the kolkata metropolitan development authority (kmda) has decided to put a fresh coat of blue and white paint .
.
.
read moredownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
kolkata: the kolkata metropolitan development authority (kmda) has decided to put a fresh coat of blue and white paint on all the major flyovers in the city.
the move comes after a push by chief minister mamatabanerjee to spruce up the look of the flyovers in the city before the bengal global business summit (bgbs) early next year and christmas.
kmda has floated tenders to undertake the paint job on the flyovers and bridges, including maa flyover, ultadanga flyover, dhakuria bridge and bijan setu.
authorities said the project will give a fresh look to the flyovers where the colours have faded due to heavy rain and maintenance works.
the structures will also get decorative illumination.
the paintworks will cover maa flyover, ultadanga flyover, park circus bridge number 4, bijan setu, chetla lock gate steel bridge over tollys nullah, dhakuria bridge, kamalgazi flyover, baghajatin flyover, sealdah bridge, jibanananda setu, mondalpara bridge over prince anwar shah connector and a few other elevated corridors.
apart from these, the em bypass stretch from ultadanga to garia dhalai bridge will also get a makeover after the kerbs and median railings are painted.
the authorities have already applied a new bitumen layer on the damaged spots of the em bypass and further repairs would be carried out as required.
sources from the state secretariat said the pwd will also work to bring about a fresh look of the vip road stretch from the airport to ultadanga.
hidco will do the same on the 15km arterial stretch that moves through new town from haldiram junction of vip road up to sector v.state government agencies like kmda and kmc last worked to transform the em bypass stretch from ultadanga to chingrighata crossing with decorative illumination, new roads and beautification drives before the u-17 fifa world cup in 2017.
kolkata: west bengal chief minister and trinamool congress chief mamatabanerjee leads a protest march against nati https://t.
co/umlnvywxpo  ani (@ani) 1568281325000kolkata: west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on thursday warned the bjp not to play with fire in the name of nrc and said she would never allow the exercise in the state.
banerjee, also the trinamool congress supremo, challenged bjp leaders to touch even one citizen of west bengal in the name of the national register of citizens (nrc).
we will never allow nrc in bengal.
we will not allow them to divide the people on religious and caste lines.
we will not accept nrc in assam.
they have silenced the people of assam by using police administration but they cannot silence bengal, she said while addressing an anti-nrc rally here.
she led the protest march from sinthee to shyambazar five-point crossing, 5 kilometre away, in north kolkata to protest against the nrc in assam.
kolkata: india and bangladesh are moving towards a visaless regime as practised between france and germany and many european nations, bangladesh high commissioner to india syed muazzem ali said on tuesday at the deputy high commission during the concluding programme of vijay diwas.
the septuagenarian diplomat said the two nations were working on a world bank project to execute smooth movement of indo-bangla citizens without passport based on the indian aadhaar card numbers and the bangladesh national registry.
ali, however, is apprehensive that as the system will take time to be implemented, he might not see it in his lifetime.
it can take up to 10 years for implementing this system.
moreover, the indian aadhaar card has no mention of citizenship, it is basically a biometric card.
a lot of changes are needed to materialise this.
a committee has been set up to execute it.
ali said he thought up the plan while serving as ambassador in france.
it is no more a dream.
travel without visa is going to be a reality and so there will be no requirement of passport.
people will be able to move without visa and efforts are on for this, he said and added that diplomats and officials are now able to travel without visa.
soon, citizens over 65 will be able to move without visa and will immediately be getting a visa for five years.
we are concerned with patients and they will get free en-try.
minor children, too, will get that advantage soon.
bangladesh minister for road transport and bridges obaidul quader, who is also general secretary of the ruling awami league, said at the event that after the murder of sheikh mujibur rahman in 1975, his name was prohibited at vijay diwas celebrations for the next 21 years.
india and bangladesh have faced terrorism and fundamentalism problems, so we need to fight it, he added.
quader, who underwent training in dehradun to participate in the bangladesh liberation war of 1971, said the bilateral relationship was now at its best, so he wanted a solution to the teesta water-sharing issue.
we want a practical and logical solution to the water-sharing issue.
we hope mamatabanerjee didi will take a positive stand.
quader will call on bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee along with an awami league delegation.
he requested bengal phe and panchayat minister subrata mukherjee, who was present at the programme, to coax the cm on the teesta issue.
this story is from january 29, 2019mausam benazir noormake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
kolkata: ending months of speculation, congress mp from malda north mausam benazir noor joined trinamool congress on monday in the presence of chief minister mamatabanerjee at state secretariat nabanna.
noor has been entrusted with campaigning and consolidating trinamools prospects in the three adjoining districts other than malda  north and south dinajpur and murshidabad  all congress bastions with a sizeable minority population.
noor said that a major section of congress workers in malda who are happy with the development in the state are likely to join tmc.
people of malda want to fight against bjp, which has a sinister design for bengal, and i ioined trinamool to work under mamata-didi, she said.
noor told reporters, she wanted to see mamatabanerjee as prime minister.
the charisma of mamatabanerjee was quite clear from the january 19 rally at the brigade, she added.
bengal congress president somen mitra, who described noors exit as unfortunate, said: mausams decision has saddened us but congress in malda will grow from strength to strength.
two-time mp noor received her first electoral jolt in the 2018 panchayat polls as congress ranked third in malda north after tmc and bjp.
talks of her defection have been doing the rounds since then.
this story is from january 15, 2019representative imagegovernment to provide monthly stipendsdownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
kolkata: chief minister mamatabanerjee on monday proposed a solution to the problem of insufficient teachers: employ fresh graduates and post-graduates as interns.
banerjee came up with the proposal  which could solve the teacher crunch, particularly in far-flung areas such as the sunderbans, jangalmahal and the dooars, as well as provide jobs to a huge number of the states youth  at a meeting with university vice-chancellors, college principals and education department officials.
the cm proposed a stipend of rs 2,000 for graduates working as interns in primary schools, and rs 2,500 for honours graduate and postgraduate interns teaching at secondary and hs schools.
i have a proposal.
i will ask the chief secretary, finance secretary to work on it and check budget provisions.
there are some schools where teaching strength is high while some schools in the remote areas dont have adequate teachers.
the government can engage interns on a monthly stipend, the cm said.
according to education department officials, there are a total 8,200 vacancies in 9,000 state-sponsored secondary and hs schools that have nearly one lakh teaching posts.
of them, 4,700 vacancies come from schools in the sunderbans, the dooars and jhargram.
the education department is yet to calculate the vacancies in state-run primary schools.
banerjee, proposing a third tier of teaching staff after teachers, para-teachers or contractual teachers, also proposed a career graph for interns.
they will get this opportunity for a two-year term.
during this time, their performance will be evaluated.
they will get certificate at the end of the term that will be of use during regular teacher recruitment.
they will be given priority.
i have asked chief secretary and the finance department to see the cost involved and submit a report.
we will take a final decision after that, she said.
download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
kolkata: security officials are planning to introduce crash barriers to step up safety for vips using vidyasagar setu so that no vehicle can intrude their lanes.
moreover, cops are planning to add more cctv cameras on vidyasagar setu to keep a tab on the all the vehicles, particularly those heading towards nabanna.
around 1 lakh vehicles ply the bridge daily.
security officials also plan to fix crash barriers to the ground with concrete to prevent any injury to vips.
recently, there had been an increase in the movement of vips on the second hooghly bridge, chandrababu naidu, omar abdhullah and farooq abdullah being some of the leaders, who went to nabanna to meet chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjee.
the decision to step up security along the toll plaza was taken because lok sabha polls are round the corner and more top politicians with high security are expected to visit nabanna.
crash barriers are being planned along the vip lane to avert any attack.
right now, the vip lane at the toll plaza is protected by guard rails, installed barely 60m ahead of the toll plaza.
they continue for another 50m after the toll plaza.
but these guard rails were not fixed to the ground and if any vehicle hit them, it could lead to a major accident, an official said.
crash barriers are metal barriers designed to minimize effect of collision and are tested in simulated crashing test.
an official pointed out that they wanted to fix these crash barriers at least 100m ahead of the toll plaza and scrutinize the cars so that no other vehicle can enter the vip lane.
only cars with nabanna stickers, ambulances and the ones with police escorts are allowed through the vip lane, a police officer said.
the officer added they might also stop other vehicles during the movement of vips along vidyasagar setu.
but, he added, it would be difficult for cops to get the nod from the cm, as she did not want to stop others during vips commute.
moreover, the cm herself did not use any pilot car, which made the job all the more tough for the cops, he added.
earlier, a security audit was carried out by the nia and they had suggested an increase in security measures on vidyasagar setu and around nabanna during vip movement.
they had also suggested several measures, including an evacuation plan from nabanna in case of an exigency.
now, the security officers will also place crash barriers for cars coming from nabnna or from kona expressway and entering the vip lane near the toll plaza.
as vehicles passing through the vip lane are exempted from paying toll fee, police plan to seal the vip toll window so that nobody can throw any object.
this story is from february 9, 2019download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
shimla: former chief minister virbhadra singh has attacked the central bureau of investigation (cbi) by allegedly becoming a weapon of the union government.
he said the centre was using cbi to harass those in opposition and in framing false cases against them.
he claimed the cbi had framed false case against him.
talking to media persons here on friday, virbhadra said the cbi was constituted for independent investigation and as per the cbi act, it cannot conduct raids in any state without the permission of government of that state and that west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee was raising the same question.
he said that when his daughters marriage was going on in shimla, cbi had raided his residence without the permission of state government.
he said he had thrown his residence open to cbi for inspection and they got nothing at the end.
on the ram temple issue, he said the bjp government was raking it up just for political benefits ahead of the lok sabha elections.
had the bjp wanted to construct the temple, it would have done so by now, he added.
the former cm also attacked chief minister jai ram thakur-led government for making tall claims but doing nothing on ground.
he said dozens of national highways announced for the state were only on paper.
this story is from february 8, 2019make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
new delhi: the home ministry is contemplating stripping six senior officers of west bengal police of their meritorious awards and could remove them from the list of seniority for taking part in the dharna by chief minister mamatabanerjee taking a dim view of police officers taking part in the cm-led protests and dharna in kolkata on february 4, the ministry has identified dgp virendra, adg (security) vineet kumar goyal, adg (law and order) anuj sharma , commissioner of police ( bidhannagar ) gyanwant singh and kolkata police additional commissioner supratim sarkar for action.
similar action is also expected against kolkata police chief rajeev kumar, against whom disciplinary action has already been sought.
the action being contemplating against the officers include withdrawing medals or decorations conferred on them for meritorious service, removal of their names from the empanelled (seniority) list and banning them for a certain period from serving in the central government, an official said.
the ministry is also believed to have asked the west bengal government to take action against them for alleged violation of all india service rules.
the centre is also thinking of issuing an advisory to all states to ensure that officers of uniformed forces adhere to conduct rules and maintain decorum.
on tuesday, the centre had asked the west bengal government to initiate disciplinary proceedings against rajeev kumar for indiscipline and violation of services rules.
forum for durgotsav president partha ghosh said the issue needed to be discussed threadbare before taking a decision.
we use vip gate to give access to residents of the locality, disabled, senior citizens, pandal-hopping organised by state tourism department and sponsors.
doing away with a separate access would mean many of them, particularly those with mobility problems, will be unable to participate in the festivity, said ghosh who is a functionary at sib mandir.
an official of badamtala ashar sangha also felt likewise.
if the cms call for removal of vip gate is for greater good, we will abide by the decision.
but the police and administration must guide us on providing access to senior citizens and physically challenged visitors, he said.
others expressed worry about the chaos that could occur when celebrities visit the pandal.
with dozens of competitions being held and celebs ranging from tele-serial actors to cine stars roped in to judge them, they fear entry of celebrities through general gate could trigger a stampede-like situation.
it will be a huge challenge for the police to control the craze, said a puja organiser.
puja committees also raised the issue of financial implication, pointing out that abolition of a gate would mean loss of precious funds by way of advertisements in a difficult year.
kumartuli sarbajanin, a north kolkata puja where mamatabanerjee has been the chief guest for years, felt that the decision could push them back by over rs 1 lakh.
we usually have a vip gate where advertisers are ready to pay a premium.
this year, we had decided to sell each banner space for rs 40,000.
four of them have shown interest.
we are hopeful that if we explain economics, our cm who is considerate will listen to us, said an organizer.
many organisers in north kolkata felt the grant of rs 25,000 that the cm had announced and the 25  rebate on electricity bill would at best compensate for the loss from the vip gates absence.
most puja oganisers will have to emulate what mudiali and some others do if the administration sticks to the decision on vip gate.
these pujas did not have a gate earmarked for vips but kept a separate lane or alley shut to pandal-hoppers with access only to corporate sponsors, locals and celebrities.
with the hike in grant and concession in electricity bill, i dont think anyone will suffer a loss, said ashok dey of mudiali.
new delhi: with the supreme court giving just a day to b s yeddyurappa to prove majority on the floor of the karnataka assembly, opposition parties on friday again questioned the decision of the governor to invite bjp to form government in the state.
opposition leaders were prompt to welcome the sc ruling.
we will watch tomorrow's floor test.
we, the regional parties, will decide our next course of action after that.
ap chief minister chandrababu naidu, a former bjp ally, also backed the congress-jds bid to form government in karnataka.
he said, we respect & welcome the verdict of hon'ble supreme court.
governor should have followed the democratic conventions in appointing pro tem speaker.
we expect that the spirit of the supreme court judgement will be protected.
opposition leaders said they would consider petitioning the president in case the floor test was not done fairly while questioning the conduct of the governor.
cpm general secretary sitaram yechury said the party would jointly work with others to defeat bjp and protest against the growing economic burden of the people and communal polarisation.
kolkata: the trinamool congress has gained an unprecedented stranglehold on bengals three-tier village administrative system, gaining 95  of zilla parishad seats, 90  of panchayat samiti seats and 73  of gram panchayat seats that went for polling and for which results were declared till thursday night.
more than a third of the seats this time did not see any contest and the calcutta high court stayed announcement of those results in a directive last week.
if and when those results are announced, the trinamools victory percentage may only improve as most of the walkover winners this time are, according to officials, likely to be trinamool candidates.
trinamool chief mamatabanerjee dedicated the massive victory to the people of bengal and martyrs families.
the opposition cried foul, calling the polls a farce.
but, either way, bengal seems to be headed for a largely bipolar fight in the 2019 lok sabha polls as the bjp has successfully emerged as party number two  even though a distant number two in most of the districts.
the cpm and the congress stand virtually decimated even in their strongholds, finishing as fringe players fighting for third and fourth places, which is a firming up of the trend seen in the august 2017 civic polls for seven municipalities.
villagers voted for bjp in large numbers in alipurduar, jalpaiguri, jhargram, purulia and parts of west midnapore and even birbhum, which stood out for the large number of uncontested seats, where bjp candidates won more than 20  gram panchayats that went to vote.
analysts read in this a growing indication of dissent against the trinamool despite doles for the underprivileged.
districts where bjp performed well have something in common: a large tribal population.
the rallying of anti-trinamool votes behind bjp shows this bloc can disturb the settled political hierarchy in at least three lok sabha seats named after the districtsalipurduar, jalpaiguri and jhargram.
the trinamool, on the other hand, has successfully decimated the congress in murshidabad and taken a massive lead in malda and north dinajpur  all erstwhile congress strongholds  which means it will be in pole position in as many as six lok sabha seats (murshidabad, behrampore, jangipur, malda uttar, malda dakshin and raiganj) next year.
the trinamool also maintained its stranglehold over the districts around kolkata  north and south 24-parganas, howrah and hooghly  though its juggernaut did stumble in pockets, like singur in hooghly and bhangar in south 24-parganas.
the bjp increased it tally from eight gram panchayat seats to 28 in hooghlys singur as prominent singur land stir leader naba kumar ghosh lost.
in bhangars kashipur, five of the nine independent (naxal-backed save live livelihood environment protection committee) candidates, who created electoral history by filing their nomination on whatsapp, won.
but their bete noire, local trinamool leader arabul islam, now in police custody, and his family members, too, won panchayat samity seats.
independents caused some headache for the trinamool in coochbehars dinhata block as well.
but, here, they were backed by the trinamool youth congress and put up a strong fight against officials trinamool candidates, wresting gram panchayat and panchayat samiti seats and heading for a win in a zilla parishad seat.
but the counting process, too, saw some violence, a common occurrence right from the day of the panchayat poll notification on march 31.
a trinamool activist was caught on camera stamping ballot papers within the counting centre in nadias majdia when he found that the cpm candidate was leading in the local gram panchayat seat.
this incident did not add to the death toll but the cat-and-mouse game between cops, who burst tear gas shells, and party workers armed with bombs  was perhaps a fitting finale to an election season that saw 27 people being killed from across the political spectrum.
mamata banerjeekolkata: trinamool congress chief mamatabanerjee fears that the country is heading towards a presidential form of government.
she pointed to bjps political vendetta against opposition leaders and the attempt to silence them by engaging investigating agencies.
the trinamool chief said she was ready to go to jail but would not compromise on her stand against bjps communal politics.
one government, one leader and one party  there is no space for others.
i presume we are heading to a presidential form of government.
they ( bjp ) took to horse-trading and broke the karnataka government.
no one said anything.
so many things happened in kashmir .
there was not a word of protest, the west bengal chief minister said here on wednesday at the foundation day event of trinamools student wing, trinamool chhatra parishad.
now their target is bengal, mamatabanerjee continued.
i come to hear that they have a list of 107 names.
it wont be so easy to break trinamool.
the cm was in her element in her anti-bjp offensive.
they will call a person today and another tomorrow.
i am ready to go to jail but wont ever toe their communal politics.
she wants her party to arrange a day-long interaction with student representatives in the city on november 15 where she will recruit leaders for the struggle ahead.
thousands of young people are losing jobs in various sectors.
this government is taking huge money from the rbi reserves kept to address exigencies.
they have only created a market for religious intolerance.
they are changing history when they were nowhere during our freedom struggle.
the cm also would not let bjp take the moral high ground.
bjp leaders are sending their supporters to local trinamool representatives asking for return of cut money.
but nobody is asking for return of black money that filled pockets during the rafale deal, she said.
kolkata/darjeeling: mamatabanerjee on sunday packed a surprise by picking former gnlf leader shanta chhetri and former congress mla manas bhuiyan - both veteran state legislators - as the party's candidates for the forthcoming rajya sabha polls on june 8.
while the renomination of trinamool heavyweights derek o'brien, sukhendu sekhar roy and dola sen was a foregone conclusion, there was considerable speculation on the remaining two candidates who, given the party's numerical superiority in the assembly, are sure to be elected.
the west bengal chief minister, however, chose political veterans to steer trinamool in the upper house, shedding her usual penchant for nominating people from diverse fields to rajya sabha.
banerjee dubbed it a very good teamspeaking to toi, bhuiyan said: i am in purulia now.
i am expected to return to kolkata on monday.
i will speak to my party leadership first and then take a decision.
the decision mentioned by bhuiyan referred to whether or not he should put in his papers as an mla.
bhuiyan is facing proceedings in the assembly under the anti-defection law.
a resignation, therefore, makes the proceedings redundant, said senior lawyer arunava ghosh.
the resignation of the six-time mla from sabang will vacate the west midnapore assembly seat paving the way for a bypoll.
it was chhetri's nomination, however, that left all stumped.
according to sources, trinamool chief mamatabanerjee was first toying with the idea of nominating former national soccer captain and sikkim-born bhaichung bhutia; chhetri, however, tipped the scales at the last moment.
trinamool, which has managed to gain a toehold in the mirik municipality in the hills, the first plains party to do so in three decades, is trying to project local leaders to take on gorkha janmukti morcha (gjm).
banerjee told reporters: i am very happy that there is now a representative from the hills as well.
people always exploit the hills but don't give anything in return.
i am happy i have been able to give back something to the hills.
gjm assistant general secretary binay tamang said: on behalf of my party, i congratulate shanta didi for being nominated from the hills.
it is good that a gorkha 'cheli' (sister) will be in rajya sabha.
i hope when the issue of separate state is placed in the upper house, she will support the cause.
she was a three-time mla with gnlf party, riding on the statehood demand.
other gorkhas from the hills who had served as rs mps were maya devi chhetri, badri narayan pradhan, k b chhetri, t s gurung, dawa lama, r b rai and saman pathak.
shanta chhetri, the former three-time gnlf's kurseong mla, had lost the 2016 assembly polls as a trinamool candidate.
she had contested the may 14 civic election from ward 7 of kurseong municipality but lost to shyam sherpa, the gjm candidate.
i sincerely thank didi for having faith in me and nominating me for the rajya sabha mp election.
as mp, i will follow my party's directives and also give my best to work to help people of my region, chhetri said.
for derek, the party's parliamentary party leader in the rajya sabha, the party's national spokesperson and appointed party vice-president, a second term only vindicated the party chief's faith in him to steer the tricky arithmetic in the upper house.
likewise for roy, who is trinamool's deputy leader in rs the upper house and sen, who is the party's trade wing state president.
banerjee dubbed it a very good team.
this story is from february 9, 2019download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
kolkata: if you have to use a simile, the apt one to use would be that of a book.
.
.
your favourite book, more precisely.
you may have read it 10 times.
the words are the same, and each chapter has become familiar, but its a little different each time.
to the quintessential bibliophile, the book fair in kolkata  the international kolkata book fair  is a lot like that.
for the 43rd year now, there are the familiar stalls selling books by the thousands, the mics with a cacophony of announcements seamlessly blending into each other, the aroma of egg-chicken roll mixing with the musty smell of old pages from a second-hand bookstore, all of these create a heady mix which, for the booklover, is the same.
.
.
but also not quite.
online might be convenient, but it is never this sensory overload of sights, sounds, smell and touch.
its kolkatas annual proclamation of love for the written word.
the publishers and booksellers guild, the organisers of the fair, described the citys most-loved event (after only durga puja) as a roaming fair.
weve been hopping all over the city, from the maidan to salt lake stadium, to milan mela and now here, the second time at salt lakes central park, said tridib chatterjee, the guilds general secretary.
every time, the city has seen us through, despite the constraints that we have had to work with.
if we are asked to shift somewhere else next year, we are sure the book fair will be successful there as well.
at first glance, die-hard fairgoers will tell you that it is a far slimmer, perhaps a more restricted, version of the fair, with the extras trimmed away.
there is less of food, less of other things to buy in terms of handloom, handicraft, paintings, costume jewellery, among other things, which had inched their way into the fair and had made themselves almost as important as the books.
and they are correct: the food stalls were cut by at least 70 , while the others hardly got entry except for the stalls selling jute bags.
this slimming-down  by an elaborate change of layout  was deliberate, to keep books a priority and to increase as much leg space as possible for people to move around.
last year, the biggest complaint was that there was hardly any space to move around the fairground, and the book stalls were easily getting crammed.
we bring you certain unmistakable aspects of the fair, from the obvious ones to the ones that are more difficult to spot.
classics are foreverthis holds true both for english and bengali works.
across brands, just one look at any stall will make it obvious that classic titles hold sway over others, both in the number of books on display/in stock and in terms of the sales figures.
that is also the reason why new editions of classics are being launched by publishers almost every other year.
while, on one hand, tagore-sarat-bankim complete the bestselling triumvirate in the bengali publishing world, closely followed by sunil-shirshendu-samaresh and sanjib, in english it is expectedly shakespeare, dickens, hardy, conan doyle, austen and the like.
raju burman of rupa publications quantified it at 60  old and 40  contemporary.
while we are trying to commission new authors all the time, we are also trying to re-package our classics because of the undying expectations, burman said.
indian fiction in english is a genre that comes a close second in the popularity yardstick, and most english publishers are busy adding interesting titles that span genres like mythology to history, chick lit to serious romance, satire and dark humour to mystery.
most publishers say that the number of non-fiction readers is steadily rising, and that indian authors are coming up with very interesting titles as far as biographies, critical appreciation, contemporary dialogues and political writing is concerned.
interestingly, former president pranab mukherjee has emerged as a popular non-fiction writer this time, with his book, released just ahead of the fair, arousing a lot of curiosity.
also, suniti kumar chattopadhyays tome on the bengali language has topped the charts this time.
dead mens talesin the recent past, we have lost some of the best stars of the culture world  mrinal sen, dwijen mukhopadhyay, nirendranath chakraborty, dibyendu palit, ramapada chowdhury, atin bandyopadhyay and pinaki thakur.
the book fair is mourning them and readers are paying rich tribute by collecting books by and on their favourite icons.
a publishing house that is known for books on films and film-making techniques across the world, has brought out special editions of its mrinal sen writings and fresh editions of scripts of four of his films: bhuvan shome, okakuri katha, palanka and baishe shraban.
we are blessed that he had trusted us with his manuscripts during his lifetime.
this time, theres an unusual demand for his books, naturally, because of the sentimental value of the huge loss, said sujan bera at the stall.
copies of nirendranath chakrabortys ulanga raja was sold out within a couple of days of the book fair and the publisher had to stock up immediately, just as it did for dibyendu palits sahajoddha, ramapada chowdhurys darbari and bonpalashir padabali.
i was so pleased to see that people were coming back to poetry; they were looking for chakrabortys amalkanti, said writer shirshendu mukhopadhyay.
atin bandyopadhyays aloukik jalajan and neelkantha pakhir khonje had also turned into overnight hits.
the guild paid tribute to each of these departed souls by naming pavilions and gates after them.
gem of a bookat this stall, larger-than-life portraits of soumitra chatterjee were smiling down.
surprising, because this was no regular publishers bookstall, but one set up by a jewellery brand.
was the actor modelling for the brand?
no.
the brand has forayed into publishing and has collaborated with a bigger publisher to bring out a special edition on chatterjee, with a collection of his paintings, poems, jottings and photographs, right from the earliest days to the present.
its the brands tribute to chatterjee, said its spokesperson, biplab ganguly.
there are other books, too.
take for example the book that tells you the story of the worlds 29 best-known diamonds, or the one that talks about 1,000 years of the history of gold jewellery in bengal.
then theres another one that helps the reader identify genuine gemstones.
bank on itthis has happened to all of us who depend on atms for cash needs some time or the other: your transaction is complete, the account has been debited but the cash has not come out.
you inform your bank immediately, but often weeks pass before your money is credited back.
you lose interest and a lot of sleep.
but reserve bank of india rules say that your bank has to pay you rs 100 per day if the money has not been credited back to your account within seven days of the failed transaction.
this, and a large number of rules related to common banking problems and customers rights, were publicised at the rbi stall at the book fair, which saw a huge crowd throughout the day.
in case of online banking frauds, for example, there is no need to panic, advised the rbi officials.
you just have to report to your bank within three days of the fraud to get a full refund.
and thats not all.
you are entitled to compensation of up to rs 20 lakh if you lodge banking complaints with the rbi ombudsman on time.
you also need to know that your money in banks is insured for rs 1 lakh.
drink from paradisewalking around the fairground is incomplete without warm cuppas every now and then.
and youll be spoilt for choice: from green to different hues and flavours of black tea and varieties of coffee served by the best-known brands of the country, you also have chaiwalas doing the rounds with thermos flasks.
but it was the stall selling kashmiri kahwa, or saffron tea, which did maximum business.
the beautiful greenish-yellow concoction was poured out of a carved silver urn by two kashmiri youths, and visitors swore by its flavour and warmth.
the price per serving was rs 35, a tad higher than what one would have to pay for ones tea or coffee otherwise, but college-goers prakriti senapati and pallavi sen did not mind.
the taste was simply out of the world, said prakriti.
both promised to have one more cup before leaving the fair.
gandhi 150the book fair, like the rest of the country, is celebrating the 150th birth anniversary of mahatma gandhi.
the gandhi smarak sanghrahalaya, barrackpore, a museum that displays gandhi memorabilia from the days of his noakhali visit, set up a stall that displayed bengali handwriting of gandhiji, some rare letters and photographs written to and by him, yarn spun on charkha by him and netaji.
gandhiji could write with both hands, and examples of such writing were also displayed.
asiatic society has a deep connect with gandhiji too.
nirmal kumar bose, who was his secretary during his noakhali days, was also the general secretary of asiatic society.
most of us know about his famous book, my days with gandhi, but there are reams of private notes and observations on gandhi that he never published.
these were found in the archives of the asiatic society in bundles.
the society has published his notes in the form of a book, philosophy of gandhi-ism, at the book fair.
the book has been edited by sociologist prasanta ray.
the notes carry details about his personal views of gandhi, which promise to be quite different from his already published popular title.
fire alertthe 1997 fire still looms large on the minds of the both fair organisers.
to top that, the recent incidences of fire in the city have put the state on high alert.
the number of gates have been increased to nine from seven, and each is being used for both entry and exit as per instructions of none less than chief minister mamatabanerjee herself.
but theres more: the state fire department put up a stall for the first time to showcase its equipment and to give first-hand training to people on tackling a blaze as soon as it is spotted at home or inside a shop.
different sizes of extinguishers that can be used easily at home were on display.
a motorbike, designed and equipped to tackle fire in places where fire tenders cannot negotiate, was on display.
latest computerised fire-detection tools, such as a search-and-rescue camera, were demonstrated by officers like jayanta saha, who let visitors handle the equipment.
stumped!
the stems and stumps of several dead trees remain scattered all over central park.
many of these were in the area cordoned off for the book fair.
instead of choosing to uproot them, the urban development department has employed artists to sculpt the stems.
naturally, these have turned into selfie zones, with the young brigade choosing to hang around the place and see dead wood gradually metamorphose into figures or abstract designs.
its all freeyou had to pinch yourself to make sure you were not dreaming as you entered the stall set up by the national digital library of india (ndli), a central government initiative, brought alive by iit kharagpur.
the idea is to make people read as much as possible for free.
the ndli has access to at least two crore books and journals from libraries across the world.
in instances where subscriptions are required, the ministry of human resources development, ndlis guardian, has already paid for it so that readers get free access.
at the book fair, visitors were made members and given qr codes through which they could access any book and journal for free.
those who did not come to the fair can access the ndli website and become members on their own.
there are already 46 lakh subscribers of ndli from across the globe.
the ndli also has a rich collection of regional literature.
satyajit rays rough copy, in which he sketched and jotted down notes, lovingly called kheror khata by him, is also with ndli and has been uploaded for a free download.
rare and well donethis was a one-stop shop for the rarest of rare books and journals.
take the 1887 edition of purabritti saar, considered to be one of the rarest books of indian archaeology.
you got a copy here.
almost all editions of prabasi, bharatbarsha and basumati, right from the beginning, were also available here.
kalyan das, considered to be one of todays best chroniclers of the howrah district, was seen browsing through some 1880 documents of the district for his latest research.
subhashis bhattacharya, who set up the stall, has been collecting rare and old books for 30 years; he showed off the first edition of swamijis chicago lecture and some 250-year-old punthis from his collection.
kolkata: the guardians of a south kolkata school, which was rocked by sexual abuse allegations on november 30, will give shape to a guardians forum by applying to register it as a society on monday.
a meeting was held on sunday to discuss the process.
the guardians will meet again on tuesday to decide the forums office-bearers and move to formally petition before the state registrar of societies for enlistment.
the formal application will then be given to the school.
but the school has refused to react to the developments.
schools in kolkata usually have some guardians or parents as part of the school managing committees, but a registered guardians forum under the 1961 state societies registration act may have manifold implications.
the parents intend to submit a formal application for the society registration on monday after paying the requisite fees.
the money receipt, along with the meeting resolutions to form the forum, will be submitted to the school.
one of the parents, manasi mukherjee, said, the forum, as we envisage it, will play a key role in putting forth our collective demands before the school management.
the guardians are also key stakeholders in any educational institution.
the forum is not a disruptor, but an enabler for the long-term well-being of the school and its students.
during the meeting in naktala , it was decided that every class will have one representative among the guardians.
for classes ix and above, which have only one section, there will be one guardian representative.
the forum will first press for the speedy implementation of the security measures, including cctv coverage, at the school.
the parents also resolved to stand by the father of the four-year-old girl who was reportedly abused by two teachers.
it was that incident which led to the events today.
the meeting also reaffirmed our support to the childs parents.
we demand exemplary punishment for the accused teachers.
if need be, we will also petition chief minister mamatabanerjee , demanding justice, said a parent.
the girls father is likely to send a legal notice to the school seeking a transfer certificate.
the fodder scam is back to haunt lalu prasad.
the former bihar chief minister and rjd chief will have to face trial in a number of cases related to the fodder scam, to be completed within nine months as per supreme courts orders.
the top court also revived charges of conspiracy in one case that had been dropped by jharkhand high court earlier.
this comes not only as a setback for lalu but also puts his alliance partner and current bihar chief minister nitish kumar in an uncomfortable position.
the fodder scam goes back to the nineties, where nearly rs 1,000 crore was embezzled allegedly using fake bills for money spent on buying fodder and medicines for cattle.
the courts order comes at a time when lalu is already facing charges of corruption.
bjp has alleged a company owned by the rjd bosss family was contracted to supply soil to a patna zoo.
these charges would serve as fresh ammunition to bjp and nitish critics and potentially take the sheen away from nitishs image of good governance.
for opposition parties who think in terms of halting the bjp juggernaut by the time lok sabha polls arrive in 2019, the mahagathbandhan crafted by nitish kumar in bihar seems a good way to go.
and nitish could potentially head a national outfit comprising regional parties that might take on bjp in 2019.
akhilesh yadav and mayawati have limited bargaining power while lalu is already convicted in one of the fodder scam cases.
nitish is already in talks for an alliance with patel agitation leader hardik patel and sharad pawars ncp to contest the next gujarat assembly elections.
he has met odisha chief minister naveen patnaik and enjoys a cordial equation with arvind kejriwal and mamatabanerjee banerjee.
but for those plans to come to fruition, nitish will need to sidestep the various lalu googlies and bouncers that bjp is now likely to bowl at him.
conversely, from bjps point of view, it will want to engineer a ghar wapsi whereby nitish returns to the nda alliance.
that would amount to a coup de grace for opposition hopes in 2019.
kolkata, the condition of west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjee's mother, gayetri mamatabanerjee , who is on life support for a kidney-related ailment, remained 'critical' on thursday.
her condition continues to remain critical.
various health parameters are often fluctuating.
she is on life support in the icu, director of medical education sushanta mamatabanerjee said.
gayetri mamatabanerjee , 81, was admitted to the state-run sskm hospital last friday and underwent dialysis, he said.
a medical board formed under r pande was monitoring her condition.
the chief minister visited her mother at the hospital yesterday afternoon.
state's environment minister sudarshan ghosh dastidar also visited the cm's mother this morning.
malda: syedpur had never seen so many vips stepping in their dusty road.
since morning, political leaders and administrative officials are pouring in, some with mere sympathy, some with doles and promises.
never has this village witnessed so many policemen here too.
oppositions like congress or cpm too does not want leave the issue.
mlas like sabina yeasmin or isha khan choudhury of congress was waiting patiently for the body of afrazul to arrive this evening.
no wonder, no such words of sympathy or promises reach the victims wife gulmohar biwi who is yet to recover from the shock.
amid the continuous crying of daughters habiba or rejina, she sat mute with a vacant look.
about 3 km east from the national highway-34, syedpur bears all the symptoms minority dominated villages of this part of the world.
most unhygienic lifestyle, huge population, little source of sustenance leads most of the youths to migration to other states.
at least 200 youths of our village are at present in rajasthan, delhi or gujarat in construction work, claimed md rumsek, a neighbour of afrazul.
they work mainly as construction labourers.
youths like mostaque, etaur or pachu are presently at kakroli of rajsamand in rajasthan.
if migration for work is nothing new in this part of the world, meeting accident there too is a common phenomena.
three years back, as many as 11 persons of malda were killed in a building collapse at maharashtra.
risky workslike setting up tower also take lives almost regularly.
but this time the scenario is entirely different.
we never thought of such violence where a man is so brutally lynched only for his religion, said aged samiul hossain who himself had been to rajasthan in his youth as labourer.
true to his fear, voice demanding justice is increasing in the area.
when rejina, daughter of afrazul said, we not only demand the hanging of the killer but we want it happen in public, the clapping was spontaneous.
hapless are the mothers like rejina biwi, nargesh biwi or saro biwi who are spending their sleepless nights for their sons alauddin, rubel and tulu respectivelywho are at work in the same site of afrazul.
ive told him to come back; no need of money, said rejina.
arfa biwi, mother of muktar sk who is presently working at jodhpur, my son had seen the murder in video and conceded that he could not sleep since then.
how can i live in peace here?
ayesh sk, who has the experience of such work, said, mostly we do the work under a local contractor.
it is most gruelling task taking almost 12 hours a day.
but the payment of rs 400 per day lures us.
yes, even after such incident nobody thinks against going to other state as labourer, what shall we eat if we stop going there?
there is no job here, said md rumsek.
no less pathetic is the condition of waheb of neighbour village bibigram, ive done my ma and still have no job for two years.
perhaps ive to go as a labourer in near future.
decades old comedy of errors are being rectified now.
it was a thunderbolt today.
many more in the offing?
change i https://t.
co/furiit5tvs  sukhendu sekhar ray (@sukhendusekhar) 1565022372000kolkata: differing from his party's stand, a rajya sabha member of the tmc has lent support to the abrogation of provisions of article 370 , raising eyebrows among the top leadership.
senior tmc leader and rajya sabha chief whip sukhendu sekhar ray had in a tweet supported the abrogation of provisions of article 370.
decades old comedy of errors are being rectified now.
it was a thunderbolt today.
many more in the offing?
change is the wheel of our national life.
we are mortals.
but the nation is not.
we must not sing yesterday once more.
let it be today and tomorrow, ray tweeted on monday.
tmc rajya sabha party leader derek o' brien had on monday opposed the abrogation of the provisions in parliament.
ray's views are also contrary to that of party chief mamatabanerjee , who on tuesday said her party would strongly oppose the jammu and kashmir reorganisation bill that proposes to bifurcate the state into two union territories.
banerjee also said the centre should have consulted all political parties before coming to a decision to scrap constitutional provisions that accorded special status to jammu and kashmir.
the government could have taken the decision after consulting all the political parties and kashmiris.
there was no vote or discussion on the kashmir issue.
this is not democratic.
o' brien had in a tweet said, the right wing is calling this the final solution!
what does that mean?
in 1942, this was the code name for the nazi plan for genocide, to murder the jews.
ray's comment, which is in sharp contrast to that of party's official stand, has raised several eyebrows with the top leadership saying they will look into the matter and ask him to explain why he made a comment against the party line.
ray statement comes at a time when the tmc is finding it tough to hold on to its ground and keep its flock together in bengal after the reverses it suffered in the general elections.
after the lok sabha poll results, five tmc mlas have switched over to bjp.
the saffron camp has claimed that several tmc leaders, including mps and mlas, are in touch with them.
home minister amit shah had on monday moved a resolution in the rajya sabha for bringing a bill to reorganise the state of jammu and kashmir into two union territories -- jammu and kashmir, and ladakh.
the government also revoked provisions of article 370 which gave special status to jammu and kashmir.
new kolkata police commissioner anuj sharma (left) after assuming charge at lalbazar on tuesday.
download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
kolkata: anuj sharma , a 1991-batch ips officer, on tuesday took over as the commissioner of kolkata police.
sharma replaces rajeev kumar, who has been tasked with heading the state cid.
the state government has also replaced kolkata police special commissioner jayanta basu, additional commissioner k jayaraman and joint commissioner (operations) parul kush jain.
the transfer orders got chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjees nod a day before wednesday, the deadline set by the election commission to shift out officers who had been in a post for over three years.
sharma, who took over as the 40th police commissioner of kolkata, inheriting a 163-year-old legacy, was earlier the adg (law and order).
the economics post-graduate from lucknow university had an earlier stint with kolkata police as its deputy commissioner.
kolkata police has always maintained a very strong tradition of public service and my aim is to continue with it, sharma said on tuesday after assuming office.
i want to concentrate on four areas: these will be ensuring safety and security of women; kolkata is among the safest city in the country and my objective will be to maintain the high standards.
anti-crime drives, traffic and community policing are the other aspects which i am keen to focus on.
sharma said this while interacting with the press after taking charge at lalbazar.
kumar handed over charge to him on tuesday morning before leaving for delhi for a supreme court hearing on wednesday.
kumar, who has been embroiled in the cbi-kolkata police turf war over the saradha probe, will return to head the state cid but has also been asked to supervise the functioning of the special task force (stf) and directorate of economic offences.
kumar was made the kolkata police commissioner in february 2016.
he occupied the post for two months, until he was removed on the ecs orders ahead of the 2016 assembly polls.
he was reinstated after the elections in may 2016.
he was unavailable for comment.
the state government also gave its nod to replace sharma by siddh nath gupta, a 1992-batch ips officer, who was so far heading the state intelligence branch.
niraj kumar singh will replace gupta as the state ib head.
as kumar heads to lead cid, incumbent sanjay singh will now be south bengals additional director-general.
in another significant move, howrah police commissioner tanmoy roy chowdhury will now head to burdwan as its dig and vishal garg, who was heading the directorate of economic offence, will take over as the howrah commissioner.
the transfer orders, issued early on tuesday, were made after several rounds of deliberation.
after the ecs full bench hearing in kolkata on january 31-february 1, the chief minister had indicated that the transfers would be completed between february 15-20, ahead of the ecs deadline.
it was learnt that the state had earlier considered transferring kumar as adg (ib).
the chief minister, however, after discussions with her top security advisers, decided that kumar should return to head the cid.
it is learnt that the cm had conveyed this to kumar on monday.
the cid is probing the murder of trinamool mla satyajit biswas, in which bjp leader mukul roy has been named in the fir.
it is also probing the lpg scam case, the jalpaiguri child-trafficking case and the cash-for-jobs scam, in which several senior bjp leaders have been named.
malda: cid on thursday spoke to the wife of poll official rajkumar ray , whose mutilated body was found on railway tracks near raiganj on tuesday.
the officers also collected the mobile of rays wife arpita in which she last spoke to her husband around 7:45pm on monday.
a three-member cid team, led by d e lepcha, also spoke to the autopsy surgeon who conducted the post-mortem at raiganj hospital.
in kolkata, chief minister mamatabanerjee termed the death unfortunate.
the circumstances of the case point to the fact that he was run over, she indicated.
he had a headache and therefore could not complete the poll process.
he had to be replaced by another official, a decision entirely taken at the discretion of the sec.
after we recovered the body, we came to know that the train driver had reported about a knock-down at the very next station near the spot where he was hit.
nevertheless, we have decided to stand by the family.
we have also asked for a cid probe, she said.
we have collected the names of other polling officials whose statements are being recorded.
we are looking for some locals who can tell us where he was headed to after suffering a headache, a cid officer said.
roys body was found about 20 kilometres from the itahar booth where he was on duty till 4pm on monday.
at home, arpita, along with her two children and old mother, are spending sleepless hours.
nardip ray, a relative of arpita, said, we have been waiting outside the hospital since wednesday.
neither were we handed over the post mortem report nor the body of rajkumar.
arpita said: we want punishment of the culprits and a cbi probe.
hundreds of teachers on thursday took out a silent rally at raiganj in protest of rays death.
new delhi: the mantra that all politics is local couldn't be truer in the case of trinamool congress leader mamatabanerjee banerjee.
her deep-rooted distaste for cpm saw her oppose the lokayukta clause in the lokpal bill as its selection process gives the state's leader of opposition a say in the choice of the anti-graft ombudsman.
as congress interlocutors strained every nerve to bring the trinamool around on thursday, they realized that more than the federal aspects of the law  although this was a sore point for the ally  it was the fear of a hated rival being made part of the governance process that irked the west bengal chief minister.
congress's arguments that trinamool should grasp the opportunity to pass a historic bill that will snatch the lokpal plank from the opposition and give her credit for having backed the anti-corruption measure failed to cut ice as the junior upa partner saw a red rag having to sit across the table with cpm.
union law minister salman khurshid hinted at trinamool's grouse with the lokpal and lokayukta bill, 2011 when he said state politics were a factor behind the regional party's sudden decision to seek the deletion of the clauses relating to the state-level ombudsman.
congress leaders were sore at the manner in which the self-centred ally teamed up with the opposition over the lokpal bill but could do little more than saying they would talk to the party while asserting that amendments had been made to ensure that it remains the states' prerogative when to notify the lokayuktas.
trinamool is determined not to alter its opposition to the lokayukta clauses as it has the backing of bjp and several regional parties as well as cpm.
party leaders proclaim that they would have to continue insisting that the offending section be done away with.
mamata mamatabanerjee made it plain to congress emissaries, who made frantic last-gasp calls to her to let the bill go through in the rajya sabha, that as long as it provides the leader of opposition surya kanta mishra a place at the table to select a lokayukta, she would not be on board.
congress decided to duck the vote after mamatabanerjee flatly turned down finance minister pranab mukherjee's request, another indication that that the senior minister's equations with the trinamool leader are just not jelling.
it has been suggested that prime minister manmohan singh could speak to her more often and that this might have a better chance to succeed.
the pm tried direct diplomacy with tamil nadu chief minister and aiadmk leader j jayalalithaa recently and with good results.
congress sources said the outreach towards aiadmk helped break the ice and the chief minister did not raise the contentious issue of the kudankulum nuclear power plant.
dankuni (hooghly)/new delhi: west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on friday rebuffed prime minister manmohan singh's appeal to reconsider her opposition to the cabinet's decision to allow fdi in retail, dealing a lethal blow to the upa government's attempts to push the decision past the opposition's protests.
the decision to oppose fdi in retail is not my personal decision, it is the decision of our party.
anxious to muster majority support for the contentious decision to let foreign retailers in, the pm twice called mamatabanerjee who with her 18 members can determine the fate of the big-ticket reforms initative.
although the pm also inquired about the cm's ailing mother, the issue of fdi in retail appears to have dominated the conversation.
banerjee said she did not wish the upa government to fall, but this can provide little comfort for a government which is scrounging for numbers in order to prevail in the vote on the bjp-sponsored adjournment motion on an issue on which the government, particularly the pm, has staked its prestige.
'can't break poll promise to traders, farmers'talking to reporters, she said trinamool had in its election manifesto promised to protect farmers' interest and she could not go back on the pledge.
banerjee argued that the interests of both traders and farmers would be hit if foreign investment was allowed to enter retail trade and said it was not possible for trinamool to support such a move as more than 50  of the population of the country was dependent on these two sectors.
although the cm said she would discuss the issue afresh, congress circles feel that she, by raising the pitch so high, that too in public, has left herself little room to manoeuver.
her tough stand also means that it is going to be a busy weekend for government managers.
with parliament to resume only on wednesday, government has planned to use the interregnum to work on mamatabanerjee and dmk, the other dissenter in the upa.
the combined strength of upa, including tmc and dmk (18), in lok sabha is 273; that is just one more than the magic number of 272 in the 543-member house.
with sp and bsp also drifting away due to the up elections, upa managers cannot hope to prevail in the number duel over fdi without trinamool's support.
in fact, dmk may not relent either if mamatabanerjee does not yield.
attempts to soften up mamatabanerjee are not being helped by the tense chemistry between her and finance minister pranab mukherjee.
mukherjee's remark on friday that opponents of the cabinet decision were guided by narrow considerations irked trinamool and intrigued his congress colleagues.
saying that allowing fdi in retail will help the economy, mukherjee said at a media event, yet, despite this recognition, often narrow political gains take precedence over early implementation of a policy framework, when it is being done in a calibrated and sensitive manner.
the finance minster's remarks were read as aimed at trinamool along with others and could not have facilitated the outreach towards banerjee.
her nominee, railway minister dinesh trivedi, stayed away from the meeting of the union cabinet on thursday in what was interpreted as a protest against mukherjee's snub to him earlier.
another trinamool minister, c m jatua, minister of state in information and broadcasting ministry, skipped an event organized by his ministry to unveil the davp calendar for 2012.
in all, 17-18 ministers turned up for the meeting.
bjp national vice -president shivraj singh chauhan.
(file photo: pti)lucknow: former chief minister of madhya pradesh and bjp vice-president shivraj singh chouhan on sunday asserted his party is not dislodging anyone but it cannot do anything if the state government falls due to infighting within the congress.
chouhan, who was here during the weekend to address the district-level and regional-level heads of bjp's membership drive, said this when he was asked whether the bjp will form government in madhya pradesh before the assembly elections are held.
now, if the congress (government) falls due to infighting in the party, then we cannot do anything.
we are not dislodging anyone, but whatever is going on there (in mp) is not good, he told pti in an interview.
the 15-year power drought ended for the congress in madhya pradesh in 2017 when it defeated the saffron party in the assembly poll.
calling himself a staunch supporter of 'one nation, one election', the senior bjp leader, who is heading the party's membership drive, said lok sabha polls should be held along with assembly elections to various states so that uninterrupted development can take place.
i am a staunch supporter of one nation, one election.
and, i have been supporting this concept while i was the chief minister.
continuous polls disrupt development and derail the country, as all political parties are engaged 24x7 in preparations for the next elections, chouhan said.
he said, in the interest of the country, the lok sabha polls should be held along with assembly elections to various states so that uninterrupted development can take place for five years.
when the focus of all the parties is on winning the elections, there is no long-term planning for the development of the country.
highlighting the need for simultaneous elections, the three-time chief minister said, as soon as the assembly elections in madhya pradesh, rajasthan and chhattisgarh were over, preparations started for the lok sabha elections.
now, after the parliamentary elections, it will be states like haryana and maharashtra, which are gearing up for polls.
he also said that in the haryana assembly elections, officers from madhya pradesh go as observers, which affect the working and functioning of the non poll-bound state, and unnecessary expenses are incurred.
asked whether the one nation, one elections will push the smaller parties to the brink of existential crisis, chouhan said, see the case of odisha, were assembly elections were held along with the lok sabha elections.
in the parliamentary elections, the bjp got more votes, while in the assembly election, it was naveen patnaik and his bjd, which got thumbs-up from the people of the state.
they wanted modiji as pm, and naveen patnaik as cm.
people have become wise enough now.
of the 146 assembly seats in odisha, the bjd won 112, while the bjp managed to win 23 seats.
the bjp won 8 seats out of 21 lok sabha seats in the state, while the bjd won 12 parliamentary constituencies in the recently concluded polls.
the one nation, one poll, which was part of the bharatiya janata party 's lok sabha election manifesto, has made the opposition weary about the prospects.
in august last year, the law commission had recommended holding simultaneous elections to the lok sabha and state assemblies to save public money.
in its draft recommendations, the commission had said simultaneous polls, with an exception of jammu and kashmir, would help the government of the day focus on developmental activities rather than electioneering.
it, however, cautioned that holding simultaneous elections was not possible within the existing framework of the constitution.
after modi addressed a niti aayog meeting recently, an official release said, the prime minister called for widespread debate and consultations on simultaneous elections for lok sabha and vidhan sabhas, keeping in view various aspects such as the resulting financial savings and consequent better utilisation of resources.
the niti aayog had last year suggested synchronised two-phase lok sabha and assembly polls from 2024 to ensure minimum campaign-mode disruption to governance.
when asked to comment on the events unfolding in west bengal and its chief minister mamatabanerjee , chouhan said, she has lost her mental balance and has become very agitated.
modiji's popularity definitely played an important role in bjp's stupendous performance in the lok sabha polls in bengal.
the bjp ushered a major surprise, winning 18 lok sabha seats out of a total of 42 in bengal, only four less than the banerjee-led tmc's tally of 22.
buoyed by its stupendous victory, the saffron party has claimed that they would end the tmc rule in the next assembly poll in west bengal in 2021.
post-poll clashes between tmc and bjp supporters in bengal grabbed headlines as the saffron party made inroads into the state.
patna: bjp mp shatrughan sinha , who would till recently call nitish kumar a dear friend and guardian of bihar, on saturday rubbished the cms oft-repeated demand for special category state status to bihar in a series of tweets, the cine star-turned-neta said the demand for special state status was crocodile tears ahead of the general election next year.
he also cautioned the nitish-led nda government in the state to start performing or bihar legislative assemblys leader of opposition tejashwi prasad yadav was waiting like the mythological rjun to take over.
with the general election knocking at our doors, the crocodile tears are back and the drama starts unfolding once again.
the ruling coalition in bihar (nda) is demanding special status for bihar, yet again.
.
.
that too from their own nda government at the centre.
.
.
and publicly!
tweeted the former union health minister.
nitish on may 29 released a note, demanding afrresh special status for bihar from the 15th finance commission.
it has been supported by deputy cm and senior bjp functionary sushil kumar modi and union minister and ljp president ram vilas paswan making a scathing attack on nitish, sinha also tweeted, isnt it just propaganda for votes?
stooping down to rock bottom level out of an insatiable greed and desire to stay in power.
sadly, performance has given way to only propaganda.
endeavour for growth and development has been replaced by trifling, truancy, sluggishness and lip service.
he further said, my dear friends of nda coalition, start performing and executing for bihar or else there are arjuns waiting to take over as tejashwi yadav 's challenge echoes in all corners of bihar.
sinha, , who represents patna sahib in the lok sabha, has left his party red-faced on several occasions in the past as well.
he met west bengal cm and trinamool congress chief mamatabanerjee in delhi and also jailed rjd chief lalu prasad in ranchi a couple of months ago.
lalu has been sentenced to jail term fodder scam cases.
sinha also met lalus family in patna after his conviction.
not surprisingly, state political circles are abuzz with speculations on the future course of action of sinha who has been a bitter critic of his party leadership as well as narendra modi governments policies, including demonetization and gst.
kolkata: chief minister mamatabanerjee has sent birthday wishes to her predecessor and cpm leader buddhadeb bhattacharjee and dmk working president mk stalin, who share their birthdays on march 1.
but she hasnt done so for bihar cm nitish kumar , who too was born the same day.
the west bengal cms birthday wishes to bhattacharjee, four months after she visited the ailing cpm leader at his palm avenue home, has raised eyebrows in political circles.
a few days ago, mamatabanerjee had taken the initiative to get the toilet of her predecessors two-room flat repaired.
political pundits see the cms alacrity as something beyond courtesy.
they see mamatabanerjee redefining her battlelines for the 2019 lok sabha polls in which bjp, and not cpm, is her main target.
she had dropped a hint in the assembly on wednesday, urging cpm mlas to look at the big picture emerging at the national level where bjp has appeared as the main danger.
banerjees target this time is left voters, who believe this to be true even if cpm bosses in delhi dont approve of a rainbow coalition against bjp.
the bengal cm has been at it for long after floating the proposal for a national front against bjp.
trinamool leaders have been reaching out to parties from dmk to even shiv sena, and to lalu prasads rjd and samajwadi party in an attempt to bring anti-bjp parties on a single platform.
banerjees birthday message to stalin is part of this drive.
we have a strong party-to-party relation with dmk since 2014.
members of both parties have excellent floor adjustment in parliament, trinamools rajya sabha leader derek obrien said.
confident of winning most of the 42 lok sabha seats, the trinamool chief has emerged a key anti-bjp face at national level.
banerjee is thus into a bargain with congress over space in this anti-bjp platform because her party will no longer play second fiddle.
expanding her political periphery, the trinamool chief is also sending derek to the wedding of tdp parliamentary leader y s chowdarys daughter.
tdp is an nda partner.
but when it comes to nitish, mamatabanerjee is stubborn.
the bihar cm had given her the cold shoulder when she campaigned against demonetisation in patna a year ago.
she said the safe drive save life campaign was an example of other ways to ensure rule of law.
the campaign has decreased accidents and road fatalities.
we must have a humanitarian approach in solving problems.
constitutional expert saktinath mukherjee said that under article 254, central law will prevail over the states if there is any inconsistency between central and state laws on concurrent list.
he added, however, that article 254 (2) allowed a state to frame its own with the presidents consent.
banerjee also slammed the steep increase in fines: a fine of rs 500 has been made rs 10,000.
the imposition of such hefty fines without any consultation with the state is a blatant interference on the federal basis of our constitution.
sources said the bengal government may opt for a third route: framing rules to the amended act to lessen the fine structure and also a graded increase in fines for subsequent offences.
the government is exploring legal options to do this, the sources added.
the state views that the mv act (amended), 2019, in its current form, will not be implemented, said a state transport department officer.
we are working on a graded approach  the fine for the first offence will be lesser and will increase with every subsequent offence.
the act passed by parliament, to which the president has given assent, mentions the maximum penalty.
but there is a minimum  or base  penalty, as well.
the state retains the authority to moderate the fines.
the new motor vehicle act, like its earlier avatar, the central mv act, 1989, gives states power to lower the penalties for several offences.
sources said the state can also largely tweak the fines falling under the compoundable offences category.
there are around 34 such offences.
the state government is empowered to designate officers who can collect the fine on the spot and let the offender go.
these include not wearing seatbelts and helmets, triple-riding on two-wheelers, speeding, plying vehicles without pollution-under-control certificates and driving without licence and registration certificate.
the new mv act, sources indicated, cannot change penalties for 27 offences, including juvenile driving, drink driving and jumping traffic lights.
the centre can frame rule on these.
gujarat, however, has gone a step ahead, sources said, altering the fine structure even in non-compoundable offences.
the gujarat government, for instance, reduced penalties for driving on the wrong side, which is a non-compoundable offence to be settled in court, and exempted pillion riders from wearing helmet.
the amended mva provides for a rs 1,000 fine for driving without wearing helmets or seat belts, which gujarat has reduced to rs 500.
according to sources the bengal government may opt the third route and is exploring legal provisions to frame rules to the amended act to lessen the fine structure and also a graded increase in fines for subsequent offences.
a state transport department officer said, the state views that the mv act (amended), 2019, in its current form, will not be implemented.
we are working on a graded approach  the fine for the first offence will be lesser and it will increase with every subsequent offence.
the act passed by the parliament to which the president has given assent mentions the maximum penalty.
but there is minimum  or base -- penalty, as well.
the state retains the authority to moderate the fines.
the new motor vehicle act, like its earlier avatar, the central mv act, 1989, gives states power to lower the penalties for several offenses.
sources said the state can also largely tweak the fines falling under the compoundable offences category.
there are around 34 such offences.
the state government is empowered to designate officers who can collect the fine on the spot and let the offender go.
these include not wearing seat belt, helmet, triple-riding on two-wheelers, speeding, plying vehicles without pollution under control certificate and driving without licence and registration certificate.
the new mv act, sources indicated, cannot change penalties for 27 offences, including juvenile driving, drunk driving and jumping traffic light.
the centre can frame rule on these aspects.
gujarat, however, has gone a step ahead, sources said, altering the fine structure even in non-compoundable offences.
gujarat government, for instance, reduced penalties for wrong side driving, which is a non-compoundable offense to be settled in court and exempted exempt pillion riders from wearing helmet.
the amended mva provides for a rs 1,000 fine for driving without wearing helmet or seat belt, which gujarat has reduced to rs 500.
kolkata: the bengal assembly, which is usually vertically split between the ruling party and the opposition on most issues, on tuesday witnessed rare unanimity against the centres proposed divestment and closure of central psus based in the state.
in the business advisory committee meeting on tuesday, it was decided there would be unanimous opposition against the proposed closure of central public sector undertakings and shifting of their offices such as that of damodar valley corporation headquarters.
the proposal was jointly moved by trinamool congress partha chatterjee and moloy ghatak, congress abdul mannan and asit mitra and cpms sujan chakraborty bjp mla dilip ghosh, also the partys state president, said he had a problem only with the language of the protest but not the protest itself.
they all vowed to hit the road, under chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjees leadership, if the issue escalated to a flashpoint.
the centre appeared to have moved a step closer to shut down burn standard, one of the largest wagon-makers and a heritage company owned by the railway ministry that has created a rs 417-crore corpus so that the wagon-maker could pay off dues to creditors, suppliers and employees.
the corpus includes a provision to offer voluntary retirement to all 500 employees of burn standard.
united bank of india is its sole lenderbengals labour minister moloy ghatak read out a long list of central psus that are going to be disinvested, if not closed.
the list included alloy steel plant, durgapur chemicals, bridge and roof, bengal chemicals and santragachi government press.
ghatak said these units could have been turned around with the provision for a small fund.
with their closure, the entire durgapur-asansol zone would turn into an industrial graveyard, he added.
congress mla asit mitra said the party would go to any extent to reverse the decision.
burn (standard) is a heritage institution and its closure will leave hundreds jobless and thousands hungry.
the centre has proposed to raise rs 80,000 crore from the disinvestment.
cpms sujan chakraborty said the centre was run via crony capitalism and was not bothered about the common people.
the bonhomie across the assembly aisle, however, saw some discordant notes when the oppositions demand for a discussion on the pnb-nirav modi scam was rejected.
the opposition then decided to boycott all upcoming business advisory committee meetings.
the proposal is now awaiting approval of the cabinet committee, which may meet on wednesday.
burn standard reported net sales of rs 197 crore in the first nine months of the fiscal.
new delhi: west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee is scheduled to meet prime minister narendra modi here on wednesday, according to state secretariat sources in kolkata.
she is expected to reach delhi on tuesday evening.
the meeting, in the backdrop of the ongoing cbi investigations into the sarada ponzi scheme scam that alleges involvement of several tmc leaders and renewed efforts to question adg, cid and former kolkata police commissioner rajeev kumar, would be the first between mamatabanerjee and modi since the prime minister won his second term and took office in may.
banerjees meeting with modi is also significant as it comes weeks ahead of bilateral talks between modi and bangladesh premier sheikh hasina here on october 5.
hasina is slated to attend the india economic summit in new delhi on october 3 and 4.
according to government sources, the sensitive teesta water-sharing treaty with bangladesh might come up in the pms talks with mamatabanerjee , who had earlier told modi that she was not opposed to sharing water with bangladesh but sharing water from river teesta would adversely impact irrigation in north bengal.
the cm had suggested that the centre should instead offer to share waters from other rivers, like sankosh, torsa, manshai and dhansai, with bangladesh.
even the bengal bjp unit is on the same page with mamatabanerjee on this issue.
apart from a host of centre-state issues, like delay in payment under mnregs, bank mergers and the plight of bsnl employees, mamatabanerjee may update the pm on the ground-level operations against bangladeshi operatives of jamaat-ul-mujahideen who have been arrested in bengal.
banerjee, a harsh critic of bjp and various policies of the modi government since his last term, had cancelled her visit to modis second swearing-in ceremony in the last moment, after first accepting the invitation, as bjp leaders had invited a group of victims of violence in bengal to participate at the ceremony with the purpose of showcasing breakdown of law and order in the tmc-ruled state, that irked the chief minister.
an appointment was sought by the chief minister's office last week for an appointment from modi's office for the meeting.
it will take place at 4.
30 pm in new delhi on wednesday, a cmo official said in kolkata.
the last time that mamatabanerjee was in delhi was before the 2019 lok sabha polls, when the tmc chief was playing an active part in the opposition formation of parties against the bjp-led nda, to work out a coordinated blow to the bjp, but with the poll results bringing back bjp with an improved majority in the lok sabha as compared to the last time, the opposition unity of parties fell apart.
bjps first big victory in bengal with 18 out of 42 lok sabha seats for the first time in the partys history, that delivered an unexpected blow to tmc which was hoping to improve its own tally in the state, also fueled greater viciousness between the two sides which are fighting a bitter battle in the state at present, targeting the 2021 assembly polls.
hence there is much speculation on the political outcome of the banerjee-modi meeting coming up on wednesday.
the last time that modi and mamatabanerjee met was for the convocation ceremony of the vishwa bharati university, in santiniketan in may 25, 2018.
santiniketan: prime minister narendra modi and his bangladeshi counterpart shiekh hasina wazed and west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee will share the dais during the inauguration of bangladesh bhawan at visva-bharati university in santiniketan on may 25.
the bangladesh government is funding the construction of the bangladesh bhawan.
visva-bharati has finalized the programme taking opportunity of pm modis maiden visit to the central universitys convocation on the same day as chancellor.
modi became visva bharati chancellor two years ago after his predecessor manmohan singh stepped down as chancellor of the university in 2016.
west bengal governor kesharinath tripathi will also attend the convocation as rector.
megastar amitabh bachchan has been nominated by the visva-bharati academic council for the prestigious desikottama award.
the other nominees are composer gulzar, writers amitav ghosh and suniti kumar pathak, painter jogen chowdhury, scientist ashoke sen and singer dwijen mukherjee.
visva-bharati will also announce the gagan-aban award and rathindra puraskar at the convocation.
officiating vice-chancellor sabujkali sen said the university got the confirmation from the pmo and the bangladesh government on saturday.
the chancellor will confer the awards at the convocation.
if his office permits, he may hand out the phd degrees as well.
later, the two pms will attend the inauguration of bangladesh bhawan.
we shall invite chief minister mamatabanerjee to both the events, sen said.
visva bharati officials said the convocation will attain a special dimension this year because a pm as chancellor will attend the event after 10 years.
manmohan singh attended the convocation last in 2008, an official said.
a government delegation from bangladesh visited santiniketan a few weeks ago to oversee the construction of bangladesh bhawan.
the delegation had expressed their desire to have pm modi at the inauguration, a v-b official said.
the bhawan will house museums, auditorium, library, research centre to focus on the mukti yudhha of bangladesh and indo-bangla cultural relationship.
kolkata: chief minister mamatabanerjee is going visit china soon, following a request from the ministry of external affairs.
my trip is important as it is on behalf of my country.
it is scheduled just after the pms visit to china and i will be representing my country, the cm said during an interview to a private television channel on tuesday.
narendra modi will be visiting china on april 27 and april 28.
mamata said she would be holding a meeting with the industrialists at shanghai and invite them to invest in bengal .
the chinese government had earlier invited the cm to visit their country when chinese vice-president li yuanchao visited kolkata in november 2015.
the chinese consul general in kolkata ma zhanwu had repeatedly extended the invite to the cm to visit china and it was planned in 2017, but due to the doklam stand off, the trip did not happen.
members of an anti-bjp axis +arch-rivals like sp and bsp +lalu prasad framed the unity effort +new delhi: the fledgling idea of a grand opposition alliance got a robust push on friday when, who gathered at a lunch hosted by congress chief sonia gandhi , unanimously approved the idea of a mahagatbandhan, especially in up, to take on the saffron camp.
the meeting called to discuss the presidential poll saw a more animated discussion on the need to join forces asand trinamool and left appeared in step over a grand alliance.
the lunch was attended by bsp chief mayawati trinamool congress chief mamatabanerjee and rjd leader lalu prasad.
mayawati, mamatabanerjee and lalu cited the urgency for opposition unity.
they said the need to put up a combined fight stemmed from bjp's attempt to silence rivals through the use of central agencies and policies that are leading to oppression of weaker sections.
the meeting also saw opposition leaders attack the centre over the grave situation in j&k and saharanpur in up.
whilein the specific context of up, arguing that a joint platform of sp, bsp and congress would win 70 lok sabha seats, mamatabanerjee and some others amplified the need for total unity.
lalu stressed that such an alliance would blow away bjp.
bsp chief mayawati tried to dismiss what she called was a notion that she shunned other parties and preferred to play solo.
i am 100  with you, she reportedly said.
with sp chief akhilesh yadav by his side, senior leader ram gopal yadav endorsed mayawati.
though the up players did not refer to the idea of a state-specific alliance and only addressed it in generic terms of larger opposition unity, akhilesh and mayawati have already made public statements in favour of a grand alliance after their defeat in recent polls at the hands of bjp.
a senior opposition leader said the remarks from mayawati even elicited a mild applause.
cpm chief sitaram yechury called for an ideological fight against the rss-bjp.
if the gathering echoed with calls for opposition unity, few felt the absence of a detailed discussion on the presidential polls, which was the ostensible reason for the consultation held in the parliament library building.
crucially, it was scheduled on the day of the third anniversary of the bjp government.
as many as 17 parties turned up.
among those who were present included the congress's former pm manmohan singh, rahul gandhi , ghulam nabi azad and ahmed patel, sharad pawar of ncp, sitaram yechury of cpm, national conference chief omar abdullah, veteran sharad yadav and k c tyagi of jd(u), among others.
another feature of the unity show was the presence of constituents of kerala's rival coalitions ldf and udf  the kerala congress, iuml, cpi, cpm, rsp.
jmm chief hemant soren was also present.
abdullah said the opposition unity should be extended to the entire country and the parties should meet regularly.
given the impetus received by the unity efforts, the huddle also decided to field common candidates for the post of president and vice-president, castigating the ruling bjp for failing to take the initiative to build a consensus.
the congress chief may form a committee of senior leaders to take forward the issue of finding candidates.
the opposition also resolved to strengthen floor coordination in parliament to confront the bjp government's policies that are imposing unprecedented burden on all sections of our people  farmers, working people, youth, sc/sts, minorities, women and other weaker sections of the society.
lalu mocked the centre by saying, its only achievement is that it has set the pakistan flag fluttering in kashmir for the first time after independence.
new delhi: despite a steady upward trajectory in indo-bangla ties in recent months, india may be falling short in taking this relationship forward, a fact that is worrying the top foreign policy leadership in new delhi.
bangladesh worries us, said top level sources in the government, less because of bangladesh itself but more due to india's inability to take big decisions.
last week, traders in akhaura, tripura, went on a strike, impacting bilateral border trade worth lakhs of rupees.
they were protesting against the poor infrastructure of the integrated check-post at akhaura, which has made trading a hellish activity.
six months ago, home minister p chidambaram inaugurated the checkpost with a lot of fanfare, promising construction in 18 months.
the traders' protest was a reminder that the government had dropped the ball after promising much  they were only persuaded to resume activity after senior officials from the tripura government reaffirmed their commitment to complete construction on time.
manmohan singh's bangladesh initiative had been the most important piece of neighbourhood diplomacy by the upa government, but it seems to be slowing down.
first, the exercise was in response to the first steps taken by bangladeshi prime minister sheikh hasina.
second, while bangladesh has moved far in addressing india's security concern, the perception has gained ground that india is dragging its feet.
india and bangladesh have had a productive year.
a land boundary has been demarcated, the vexed issue of enclaves and adverse possessions resolved, india has been generous with tariffs leading to greater trade and investments.
but, india failed at the last minute to stitch together a teesta river agreement with bangladesh after promising to do so, because the upa could not get west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee to agree to the deal.
banerjee dumped manmohan singh at the eleventh hour, dampening the pm's transformative visit to dhaka in september.
our inability to settle the teesta issue is making small incidents flare, sources said.
the shaikh hasina government had gambled big on the india relationship, but with the nation failing to come up to scratch, there is the inevitable bad blood that affects the bilateral relationship.
in another incident, which became bigger than it would have been, three bangladeshis were killed in firing by bsf forces in govindpur in malda district and narayanganj in cooch behar district of west bengal on december 16 and 17, which raised hackles in dhaka.
bangladesh lodged a protest with india.
new delhi regretted the incident, though said the firing had been in self-defence.
in a statement the mea said, the policy of restraint by bsf personnel has emboldened criminal elements, who have stepped up their attacks to facilitate their illegal activities and asked bangladesh to take measures to restrict the movement of people along the border especially during night hours.
the mea spokesperson said, it is the view of the indian government that illegal activities, which sometimes lead to regrettable loss of lives on both sides along the border, need to be addressed through joint collaborative efforts and mechanisms.
india is yet to appoint a high commissioner to dhaka  a post that is one of the most important foreign postings for indian diplomats.
the last envoy rajeet mitter retired a couple of months ago, and the post has been vacant since then.
sources said a slew of candidates from india's ambassador in israel navtej sarna to pankaj saran, from the pmo, are in the running for the job.
but the government is yet to make up its mind on a crucial appointment.
the good thing is that india acknowledges the importance of bangladesh and is willing to take small steps to keep the ties afloat.
hasina will be in agartala on january 11 to receive a doctorate from tripura university.
but more importantly, she will be going down memory lane, because agartala holds memories for their independence struggle as well as some personal memories of her father sheikh mujibur rahman.
serampore: west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee was greeted with 'jai shri ram' slogans by bjp supporters yet again when she visited mahesh area in hooghly district to inaugurate the 623-year-old ratha yatra festival on thursday.
the slogan was heard from a section of the gathering as mamatabanerjee was alighting from the dais amidst chants of 'jai jagannath' over the public address system.
mahesh, which is about 24 km from kolkata, falls under serampore lok sabha constituency which was won by trinamool congress mp kalyan banerjee.
the bjp supporters, who had been cordoned off by the police even before the programme started, raised the slogan 'jai shri ram' as police escorted mamatabanerjee to the vehicle waiting for her and she was whisked away.
the trinamool congress supremo had been trolled by the bjp for her angry reaction to 'jai shri ram' slogans at bhatpara in north 24 parganas district in may.
similar incident had taken place chandrakona in west midnapore district.
the chief minister said that her government was focussing on the development of pilgrimage centres across the state.
we have developed civic and religious amenities in pilgrim centres such as tarakeswar, tarapith, furfura sharif and dakshineswar.
we will do the same at mahesh, she said.
my father taught me that hate is a prison for those who carry it.
today, on his death anniversary, i thank him for https://t.
co/yx97ahv6kc  rahul gandhi (@rahulgandhi) 1526865005000solemnly and very fondly remembering former prime minister rajiv gandhi on his death anniversary  mamatabanerjee (@mamataofficial) 1526868493000new delhi: paying homage to his father, rajiv gandhi, on his 27th death anniversary, congress president rahul gandhi on monday said that the former prime minister taught him that hate is a prison for those who carry it.
my father taught me that hate is a prison for those who carry it.
today, on his death anniversary, i thank him for teaching me to love and respect all beings, the most valuable gifts a father can give a son.
rajiv gandhi, those of us that love you hold you forever in our hearts, he said in a tweet.
early in the morning, sonia gandhi , along with rahul and priyanka gandhi vadra paid floral tributes to the congress leader at vir bhumi in the national capital.
several other senior congress leaders, including former prime minister manmohan singh , sushil kumar shinde, mallikarjun kharge, were also present at the memorial dedicated to the late leader.
west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee paid her respect via a tweet.
solemnly and very fondly remembering former prime minister rajiv gandhi on his death anniversary, she tweeted.
on may 21, 1991, rajiv gandhi was assassinated as a result of a suicide bombing in sriperumbudur, near chennai, in tamil nadu by members of ltte, a terrorist organisation from sri lanka.
darjeeling: the gorkhaland territorial administration (gta) on friday held two separate administrative meetings with the darjeeling district administration sending a signal that the two were willing to work together, to maintain peace and stability in the region postthestatehood agitation.
gta chairman binay tamang chaired the first meeting in the morning with manoj kumar agarwal, the food and supply principal secretary, in lalkothi and announced the state decision to distribute ration through the public distribution system pending for fifteen weeks, sincethestart of the agitation in june, earlier this year.
we thank the state government and in particular chief minister mamatabanerjee to listen to our demand and provide the people of the hills surplus ration of four months.
ration card holders will get the surplus ration from saturday, tamang said.
we had a fruitful discussion with the food and supplies principal secretary and a number of proposals that we had placed have been approved, he added.
kolkata: after eight years at the helm of kolkata municipal corporation, mayor sovan chatterjee suddenly finds himself in a spot.
chatterjee, a notable absentee in the partys core committee meeting on friday, triggered speculation over his future.
also, a day before the mayor is scheduled to present kmcs budget for the 2018-19, kmcs controller of municipal finance and accounts (cmfa) was given a third extension, but stripped off all financial powers.
the officer is believed to be close to chatterjee.
this, top trinamool leaders suggested, was a signal to the mayor that he was under scanner.
according to sources, chatterjee himself has conveyed his unwillingness to continue as mayor to the party leadership.
to the media, however, he refused to tell anything regarding this.
this isnt all.
according to sources, the partys top leadership met during the day to discuss whether chatterjee should continuance as the mayor.
incidentally, he also holds key portfolios like housing and fire and emergency services in mamatabanerjee banerjees cabinet.
he is also the partys south 24 parganas district president.
chatterjee has been under the partys scanner for the past few months.
chief minister mamatabanerjee , sources said, was annoyed when the mayor skipped a meeting on vector control presided by her.
according to sources, she was also upset after enteric diseases affected eight kmc wards.
a senior party leader said the chief minister also didnt like the way her instructions to repair former chief minister buddhadeb bhattacharjees palm avenue home was delayed by several months.
it was repaired only after municipal commissioner khalil ahmed was prodded by the chief minister.
while some leaders advocate a change of guard at kmc  even suggesting that mmic debasish kumar should take over the reins  senior leaders are sceptical.
chatterjee has always been a key trinamool strategist.
he has been overseeing the organisation in a district which is affected by internal strife and growing strength of bjp .
any action against him now can severely affect the partys prospects.
such decisions will be taken by the party chief at an appropriate time, a senior leader said.
but chatterjee being stripped off his z-plus security status, his own admission that he is bogged down with personal problems and his tendency to stay away from key meetings is only giving credence to the whispers in the party grapevine.
chatterjee, sources said, is also keeping himself away from kmcs day-to-day functioning.
kolkata: bengal is set to get south asias biggest floating solar power plant .
the 500mw plant is likely to attract an investment of rs 2,500 crore.
sources in power department indicated that kangsabati river at mukutmanipur could be the location for the project.
if everything goes as per plans, it may also become the countrys first floating solar power plant.
the centre has plans to set up two such plants in maharashtra and kerala too.
kfw, formerly kfw bankengruppe, the german government-owned development bank, based in frankfurt, is keen to finance the project in bengal.
incidentally, representatives of kfw were present during chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjees germany tour in 2018.
before this, the biggest solar power project proposed in bengal was the 200mw solar park at dadanpatra in east midnapore.
the project is awaiting approval of the ministry of new and renewable energy (mnre).
kfw, a source said, may also fund a 200mw ground mounting solar power plant in the state that might attract an additional investment of rs 1,000 crore.
director of kfw, christoph kessler, told toi that the project was big.
if you consider 500mw capacity, then it is quite big, he said.
kessler had visited the city recently to attend the annual meeting of members (eastern region) of indo german chamber of commerce.
according to him, kfw had a few rounds of discussion with west bengal state electricity distribution company (wbsedcl) in this regard.
now, we are scouting for the location, he added.
incidentally, mnre has recently announced collaboration with kfw for implementation of solar power projects over waterbodies.
the mnre has conducted a study to assess the potential of floating solar power plants in india.
in collaboration with germany-based development bank kfw, the centre has plans to set up two floating solar power plants in maharashtra and kerala.
both the plants are likely to cost about us$46.
15 million (rs 280 crore-rs 300 crore).
but, sources said that capacity of these plants would be less than 500mw.
an mnre senior official said that 40mw of solar capacity would be set up first.
larger capacity floating solar plants are expected to be built once technical viability of the floating solar technology is assessed from the initial projects.
according to the preliminary study undertaken by kolkata-based renewable energy college, india has the potential to generate 310gw solar power from floating solar power plants.
there are 61.
5 lakh hectares of still water surfaces in india which can be used to install floating solar panels.
the kfw director pointed out that bengal could well be its next destination after odisha in eastern region.
new delhi: with sp and bsp testing the waters in two lok sabha by-elections in up, regional parties are exploring possibilities of joining hands to take on the bjp-led nda in the 2019 lok sabha elections.
west bengal cm mamatabanerjee has taken the lead in reaching out to trs, dmk and shiv sena, among others.
a trinamool insider said that mamatabanerjee called up dmk working president mk stalin on sunday and discussed ways of building a front of federal parties to take on the bjp led nda in the general elections.
the two leaders were of the view that all federal parties should stay in touch and work cohesively as they are likely to do well in their respective states, the source said.
banerjee had called up on march 1 too, to wish stalin on his birthday.
telangana cm k chandrasekhar rao had said on sunday that he would work for uniting non-bjp and non-congress parties.
banerjee had called rao and expressed her support to such a move.
the bengal cm also talked over phone recently with shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray.
though shiv sena is part of nda, it has announced that it will not contest the 2019 lok sabha and assembly polls in alliance with bjp.
banerjee had a 90-minute meeting earlier with thackeray and his son aditya during her last visit to mumbai.
other nda partners like tdp, sulking over denial of special status to andhra pradesh, have also got in touch with opposition leaders, including trinamool.
tdp mps have discussed their issues with trinamool leader sudip bandyopadhyay.
union minister ys chowdhary of tdp also met mamatabanerjee during her visit to hyderabad to invite her for his daughters wedding.
it was mamatabanerjee who initiated the idea of federal parties coming together to defeat bjp.
with this in view, many parties are in touch with her and she is in touch with them, trinamools derek obrien said.
this, however, is a disparate grouping and some parties have issues with others.
congress has not been a part of the deliberations, though one leader said that once its party chief rahul gandhi returned, they may get in touch with him.
trinamool had approached congress for a tie-up in tripura but they did not agree, a trinamool leader said.
the opposition parties feel they have a chance in 2019 as bjp tally could fall by 100 seats from the 282 it won in 2014.
they see bjps losses in the lok sabha bypolls in ajmer and alwar and congress retaining assembly seats in mungaoli and kolaras in mp as indications of bjps waning fortunes.
guwahati: bjp legislator shiladitya dev on friday accused west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee of trying to drive a wedge between the assamese and bengalis in assam by making baseless comments on the national register of citizens (nrc).
mamata is not only trying to create a rift between assamese and bengalis living in assam but is also exposing herself to the double standards she has been maintaining on the issue of sheltering religious minorities, especially from bangladesh, dev, who represents the bengali-majority hojai assembly constituency, said.
he added that mamatabanerjee had vociferously opposed the citizenship (amendment) bill, 2016, which proposes to grant citizenship to religious minorities from bangladesh, pakistan and afghanistan.
when she (mamata) is feeling threatened by bjp's popularity in west bengal, she is using the nrc update process as a tool to consolidate her and her's party's position in her state.
her plan is dangerous because she is trying to provoke bengalis of assam for her political benefits in west bengal.
this is very dangerous and we are totally against such provocation, said dev.
mamata, while addressing a public gathering in alipurduar recently, had appealed to the people of her state to provide shelter to bengalis if they are forced to leave assam in case their names are dropped from nrc.
earlier, she had reportedly said that a 'conspiracy is being hatched to drive out bengalis from assam' after the first draft of nrc did not include many names.
the first draft of nrc was released on december 31 midnight with 1.
9 crore names out of 3.
29 crore applicants.
the state government, which is the implementing agency for updating the supreme court-monitored nrc, has made it clear that names of genuine indian citizens will be included in the subsequent draft.
new delhi: a virtual slogan-shouting contest between the treasury and opposition benches overshadowed the second round of oath taking by members in the 17th lok sabha on tuesday with some raising religious slogans like 'jai shri ram' and 'allahu akbar' and one mp chanting 'inquilab zindabad'.
as the linguistic diversity was on fully display in a repeat of the opening day of the maiden session of the new lok sabha, congress leader sonia gandhi and samajwadi party patron mulayam singh yadav were among the top leaders who took the oath.
over 200 mps were administered the oath by pro-tem speaker virendra kumar, a seven-term bjp mp.
on monday, 320 mps took oath.
some members in the existing house strength of 542 who missed the ceremony will take the oath later.
as members kept engaging in raillery, the sloganeering went unabated when they ignored the chair's direction to refrain from raising the slogans.
all india majlis-e-ittehadul muslimeen (aimim) president asaduddin owaisi was greeted with slogans of 'jai shri ram', 'bharat mata ki jai' and 'vande mataram' from the treasury benches when the hyderabad mp moved to take his oath.
after taunting the saffron camp with hand gestures to continue with their sloganeering, owaisi responded by saying 'jai bheem, jai meem, takbeer allahu akbar, jai hind' after he read out his oath.
'jai shri ram' and 'bharat mata ki jai' slogans were also raised while chairperson sonia gandhi took oath in hindi.
sonia's son and congress president rahul gandhi appeared to be capturing the moment on his mobile phone from the opposition benches.
while there was loud thumping of desks by the congress members, voices were heard from the bjp benches thanking sonia for taking oath in hindi.
immediately after sonia, bjp mp and former minister maneka gandhi was administered the oath and she and her sister-in-law sonia gandhi greeted each other with folded hands.
accompanied by his son and samajwadi party president akhilesh yadav, an ailing mulayam, 79, was brought to the house in a wheel chair and was allowed to take oath on priority from his seat due to health considerations.
there was loud applause when bjp mp om birla, who is the nda's nominee for lok sabha speaker's post, entered the house and later when he got up to take oath.
some members especially from west bengal began their oath with sloganeering despite the presiding officer ruling that no slogans will go on record.
when the members, especially those belonging to trinamool congress , took oath, those from the treasury benches taunted them with 'jai shri ram' slogan.
tmc members countered with slogans like 'jai hind', 'jai bengal', 'jai maa durga' and 'jai mamata'.
kalyan mamatabanerjee recited 'durga path' after concluding his oath while his tmc colleague abu taher khan began his oath with 'bismillah, ar-rahman, ar- rahim' and ended with 'allahu akbar'.
as west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjee's nephew abhishek banerjee's name was called for oath, bjp members chanted 'jai shri ram'.
responding to chanting by treasury benches, he said even modiji is not so much popular in the house.
when another tmc mp kakoli ghosh dastidar was also greeted with 'jai shri ram' slogan, she chanted 'jai kali ma' several times.
after taking oath, she shouted 'jai hind, jai bangla' once again, almost matching the decibel level of the bjp mps.
bjp's devendra singh bhole from uttar pradesh began with 'om namah shivay' chant.
bjp's ravi kishan, a bhopuri actor-turned mp from gorakhpur, took oath in a dramatic style, adding pauses with emphasis as he read the text.
he chanted 'har har mahadev' and 'guru gorakhnath ki jai.
'while many bjp mps ended their oath with chants of 'bharat mata ki jai' and 'jai shri ram', samajwadi party mp from sambhal, shafiqur rahman barq, objected to vande mataram slogan, drawing protests from members of treasury benches who demanded an apology from him.
barq claimed vande materam is against islam.
bsp member shyam singh yadav concluded his oath with 'jai bheem, jai bharat and jai samajwad'.
the chair repeated in vain the pleas to the members not to raise slogans.
rahul gandhi also went on to ask bjp's arun kumar sagar, who chanted 'bharat mata ki jai' twice, to raise the slogan one more time.
rahul gandhi again repeated one more time after the next bjp mp ajay kumar also raised the slogan of bharat mata ki jai.
kumar then retorted that he will raise the slogan again if gandhi can complete it by chanting 'jai' following which rahul gandhi said jai hind and was joined by other congress members.
bjp mp from mathura hema malini concluded her oath with 'radhey, radhey' and a phrase from shloka in praise of lord krishna.
aam aadmi party's lone mp bhagwant mann exchanged words with members of treasury benches as he ended his oath with the slogan 'inquilab zindabad'.
shiromani akali dal chief sukhbir singh badal, aiudf leader badruddin ajmal and former union ministers rajyavardhan singh rathore, preneet kaur and shashi tharoor, and actor kirron kher were also administered oath.
badal concluded his oath with sikh religious chant of 'wahe guruji ka khalsa, wahe guruji ki fateh.
kaur, the wife of punjab chief minister amarinder singh, had a bandage on her forehead.
former union minister p chidambaram was sitting in the speaker's gallery as his son and congress mp karti chidambaram took oath.
newly elected mps from tamil nadu, including t r balu, a raja, kanimozhi, dayanidhi maran and karti chidamabaram, took oath in tamil.
when a dmk member hailed periyar, kaliangar, and ambedkar, the chair said only the prescribed format should be taken on record.
cpi member k subbarayan raised the slogan 'long live secularism, long live india'.
dressed in jeans, white shirt and blazer, actor sunny deol, a first-time mp, took oath in english amid cheers and slogans like 'bharat mata ki jai' from the treasury benches.
the bjp mp from gurdaspur smiled and quickly rectified his mistake after he said withhold the sovereignty and integrity of the country instead of uphold the sovereignty and integrity of the country.
two members--bhagirath choudhary, jagdambika pal--had to read the oath twice.
behrampore: asif iqbal, the lone congress zilla parishad member from murshidabad, is in two minds.
asif has got an offer from trinamool to join.
yes, i have an offer to join trinamool.
but i havent firmed up as yet.
i will take a decision after talking to people in my constituency, the congress zilla parishad member said.
change is in the wind in less than 10 days after the state rural polls were held on may 14.
trinamool leaders are eyeing asif because his taking the tmc flag will help them join the anubrata mandal club of opposition-free zilla parishads.
efforts have started even at the panchayat samity and gram panchayat levels to woo the 186 congress winners and 57-odd independents soon after chief minister mamatabanerjee dropped hints that many independents and even those from bjp were keeping in touch with her party.
taking the cue, trinamool murshidabad president subrata saha said: our party is liberal.
some independents and those from congress and bjp are in touch with us.
we may take them after a go-ahead from the party top brass.
what can we do if a person elected on a congress ticket decides to switch loyalties?
what is the need of holding polls then?
murshidabad congress spokesperson jayanta das said.
kolkata: the gunshot death of the kin of an independent candidate in the troubled zone of bhangar on friday, which came barely 24 hours after the calcutta high court compensation-for-violence clause on officials, prompted a damage-control exercise led by cm mamatabanerjee herself.
hafijul molla, a relative of one of the independent candidates who have mounted a surprisingly spirited challenge to trinamool in bhangar, was shot in the head by trinamool supporters on friday afternoon and died on the way to a health centre.
banerjee, in an interview to a bengali news channel a couple of hours later, mentioned the trinamools most prominent face in bhangar  arabul islamby name.
i came to know that arabul islam did something in bhangar.
i have asked police to arrest the culprits, she said.
within hours of the cms statement, islam was arrested from an undisclosed location.
sp baruipur arijit sinha confirmed the development.
the rest of the state administration, too, scurried to maximise forces available for election duty on monday.
in one district, purulia, it meant calling back even home guards and constables deployed as personal security for ministers, district and sessions judges, political leaders and industrialists.
trinamool minister shantiram mahato, baghmundi mla nepal mahato, a district judge of purulia, former forward bloc mp narahari mahato, cpm purulia secretary manindra gope, industrialist naresh agarwal were all requested to release their security guards on friday so that they could join the belguma police lines in purulia.
the state government, officials said, would deploy these home guards and civic volunteers for election duty after a stock-taking  during a meeting between state election commissioner amarendra singh, state home secretary atri bhattacharya and state director-general of police surajit kar purkayastha at the sec office on friday afternoon  showed up a possible deficit in numbers.
officials said there might be a shortfall even after 1,800 police personnel from andhra pradesh (10 companies), sikkim (four companies), telangana and odisha (two companies each) joined their bengal counterparts by saturday.
thursdays calcutta hc order came with a rider to sec and state officials they would be held personally liable and would have to pay compensation for deaths and damage to property in the poll season if violence exceeded that seen in the 2013 rural poll.
a senior home department official, however, said not too much should be read into the withdrawal of personal security officers.
withdrawal of additional forces is done across the state before every election.
however, personal security is withdrawn on a case-to-case basis.
it may be scaled down in some cases.
it depends on the threat inputs provided by district intelligence units, he added.
the government, in its hurry, could not even update the booth sensitivity report that it had submitted to the sec two months ago.
it had marked only 6,000 (11 ) of the total 58,467 polling booths as highly sensitive and sensitive; 60  booths were marked sensitive during the 2013 panchayat polls .
sec insiders said the apparent crunch in availability of forces had made mapping of sensitive booths difficult.
the government, officials said, would try to stick to the formula of one armed personnel and one lathi-wielding constable for each polling booth.
raf and state armed police (sap) personnel started leaving for the districts on friday morning and did route marches in trouble-prone areas without waiting for forces from outside states.
civic volunteers have also been trained to aid cops.
they will pass on information to the nearest police station so that forces can respond quickly, a police officer said.
the government is also using 9,000 of 27,000-odd kolkata police personnel for the rural polls.
im truly sorry to hear this @arunjaitley ji.
i pray for your speedy recovery.
https://t.
co/nwrfo9ep9a  rahul gandhi (@rahulgandhi) 1522988838000we wish a speedy recovery to sh arun jaitley ji https://t.
co/719vwojr9b  arvind kejriwal (@arvindkejriwal) 1522895242000wishing a speedy recovery to @arunjaitley ji.
our very best wishes to you  mamatabanerjee (@mamataofficial) 1522913392000i am very sorry to read about your health shri @arunjaitley .
i wish you speedy recovery.
https://t.
co/bfuzsje3su  siddaramaiah (@siddaramaiah) 1522939676000my father & colleagues join me in wishing you a speedy & complete recovery sir.
god speed.
https://t.
co/jqnoiviktr  omar abdullah (@omarabdullah) 1522937920000wishing you speedy recovery @arunjaitley ji https://t.
co/etq3hha4bw  yogendra yadav (@_yogendrayadav) 1522939078000@arunjaitley all the best @arunjaitley for a speedy & complete recovery.
shashi tharoor (@shashitharoor) 1522941447000best wishes for a speedy recovery @arunjaitley ji.
https://t.
co/wabgqo9957  deepender s hooda (@deependershooda) 1522947346000new delhi.
leaders across political spectrum wished speedy recovery and good health to finance minister arun jaitley , who yesterday confirmed that he was being treated for kidney related ailments.
putting aside bitter political differences, congress president rahul gandhi took to twitter and prayed for senior bjp leader's recovery.
after recent apologizing to jaitley, aam aadmi party supremo and delhi cm arvind kejriwal was among the first ones to wish his political rival.
west bengal cm and trinamool congress chief mamatabanerjee too conveyed her best wishes.
siddaramaiah, the incumbent cm of poll bound karnataka, where the bjp is trying to come back to power, felt sorry about jaitley's health.
former j&k cm and the national conference leader omar abdullah wished on behalf of him and his father farooq abdullah.
former aap leader and co-founder of the swaraj abhiyaan, yogendra yadav had this to say.
many other congress leader like shashi tharoor, deepender hooda too wished jaitley.
putting rest to speculations, jaitley yesterday confirmed on twitter about his kidney problems.
i am being treated for kidney related problems & certain infections that i have contracted.
i am therefore currently working from controlled environment at home.
the future course of my treatment would be determined by the doctors treating me, he said.
jaitley, 65, who has been skipping office since monday and did not even take oath after being re-elected to the rajya sabha, was taken to aiims for diagonostic testssources claim that the rajya sabha mp is likely to undergo a kidney transplant at aiims or singapore and would stay in the hospital for 10-15 days as per the norms for this treatment.
a donor had been identified and a doctor from outside the institute may be roped in to assist in performing the procedure.
kolkata: buoyed by a 2,000-crore grant from the centre, chief minister mamatabanerjee took the festive cheer to bengal's most backward areas on christmas eve, announcing 27 new super-speciality hospitals, seven new health districts and a host of family welfare projects with emphasis on mother and child care.
while the hospitals will come up in 11 backward districts, the new health districts  bishnupur, diamond harbour, basirhat, jhargram, asansol, rampurhat and nandigram  will become operational next year, the chief minister promised.
we are trying to do as much as possible with the burden of the financial crisis we are going through.
she blamed the state's healthcare mess on the left regime.
they did not care.
there is no end to irregularities that happened during their time.
our government cares for the people and this has become a matter of headache for cpm, she said.
focus on health, family welfaremamata mamatabanerjee also added that health and family welfare would be areas of prime focus of her government.
because, more than 10 lakh people go to hospitals every day, she said.
in bankura, there will be hospitals in bishnupur, chatna, barjora and onda, in birbhum, the hospitals will be set up in bolpur and rampurhat.
south dinajpur will get such a hospital in gangarampur, mal and falakata in jalpaiguri, chanchal in malda, debra, ghatal, jhargram, salboni, nayagram and gopiballabpur in west midanpore, egra and panskura in east midnapore, sagardighi, jangipur and domkal in murshidabad, raghunathpur in purulia, baruipur, kakdwip, metiaburuz and diamond harbour in south 24 parganas and islampur in north dinajpur.
the chief minister said administrative formalities and creation of posts had been completed and financial clearances obtained for the new health districts.
in the backdrop of a spate of crib deaths in bengal's hospitals over the past few months, she said child care would be a thrust area for the state.
we have commissioned six new sick neonatal care units at bc roy hospital, m r bangur hospital, howrah, malda, siliguri and behrampore, she said.
a task force for mother and child care with dr tridib mamatabanerjee as its chairman has been formed.
besides, 121 new comprehensive emergency maternity and obstetric centres and 569 basic such centers have been created, the chief minister said.
the chief minister also said she would like to see bengal as a 100  polio free state.
we have so far scored 98 , she said.
the chief minister also said that mobile medical units will become operational in 11 jangalmahal blocks from new year's day.
kolkata: the neglected water bodies at rajarhat are all set to get a makeover.
chief minister mamatabanerjee visited rajarhat on her way to writers' buildings after landing in kolkata from north bengal on tuesday and inspected the water bodies.
the cm has instructed the housing infrastructure development corporation (hidco) to engage reputed consulting firm infrastructure leasing and financial services limited (ilfs) to make a study on how eco-tourism could be developed around the water bodies.
the cm was accompanied by mayor sovan chatterjee, housing minister shyamapada mukherjee and hidco officials.
we want this area to be developed as a cultural, educational and eco-tourism park.
ilfs will conduct a study on how this water body and the area around it could be developed into an eco-tourism spot, the chief minister said.
the housing minister, who is also hidco chairman, said they will chalk out a plan to develop the water body once the study report is prepared and submitted by ilfs.
the hidco authorities are presently working on developing civic infrastructure in the area.
at present, our priority is to develop civic infrastructure in rajarhat, he said.
before the assembly elections, mamatabanerjee had alleged that the water bodies were being filled at rajarhat.
there are about 500 hectares of water bodies in rajarhat new town.
the previous hidco board under the left front government had come up with plans to set up recreational centres, amusement parks, a water sports complex, social and recreational forestry, small sanctuaries, eco-tourism and medicinal plant cultivation centers surrounding these wetlands and water bodies on the lines of water recreational spots like nalban and acquatica which have become very popular.
the project was supposed to come up without violating norms laid down by the wetland management authority.
there is a large water body opposite the proposed central business district.
the water bodies could be developed in such a way that not only would cool breeze blow but home-bound commuters could refresh themselves by spending quality time around them at the end of a working day.
kolkata: purulia could be to bjp what singur and nandigram were to trinamool congress before mamatabanerjee came to power in 2011.
at least that is what the panchayat poll results suggest.
purulia is one of the few districts, such as malda, where the opposition seats taken together at the gram panchayat level is more than that of the ruling party.
and in purulia, bjp has gained a sizeable number of seats that trinamool cant discount.
bjp, in purulia, has won 636 gram panchayat seats, 155 less than trinamools 791.
next to bjp comes the left front with 162 and congress with 149.
a total of 96 seats have gone to others.
the party-wise tally at the gram panchayat throws up a strong multi-party profile with the opposition, particularly bjp.
this is quite a different picture from the picture in birbhum or purba burdwan, where the ruling party commands a near monopoly.
chief minister mamatabanerjee has also taken note of it.
some of the independents and those from the bjp are keeping in touch with us.
we will talk to them after the election process is over, she said in nabanna on thursday.
the comment hints at an outreach to those bjp and independent candidates whom bjp had publicly cajoled into their party fold, basically trinamool dissenters peeved at being denied a party ticket.
the chief minister also insisted on working together.
the opposition thought giving outside support to independent candidates would reap benefits for them.
they were wrong, said state minister jyotipriyo mullick.
thats not all.
bjps inroads in singur and jangalmahal, two much-touted achievements by the trinamool government, has prompted the ruling party to introspect on the reasons.
according to sec reports, bjp has won 28 gram panchayat seats in singur, where the party didnt even have a foothold a few years back.
likewise, in the tribal heartland of jhargram, it has not only won 329 gram panchayat seats, it has gained majority in two gram panchayats in belpahari.
in jhargram, it has also won two panchayat samitis.
bjps inroads were not limited to jhargram alone.
it had also made some deep inroads in purulias and bankuras tribal belts.
this contiguous stretch, bordering jharkhand, called jangalmahal also accounts for four lok sabha seats.
bjps inroads in south bengal resonates its performances in the tribal-dominated north bengal districts of alipurduar, cooch behar, north and south dinajpur and jalpaiguri.
together, these throw up a state-wide pattern of increasing bjp clout in tribal zones.
we are on the right track and right pace.
there will be elections after this and we will do better in those elections, said state bjp president dilip ghosh.
this story is from october 21, 2018work is going on in full swing at red roaddownload the times of india news app for latest citykolkata: a musical sequence depicting various dance forms of bengal, men and women moving to the beats of dhak and a carnival-like backdrop  ma durga may have left for her heavenly abode for this year but curtains are yet to come down on the preparations of various puja committees.
proud members of the 75 pujas in the city, who have won the biswa banga sharad samman from the state government, will strut down the iconic red road on tuesday, sharing a slice of the festivities in a finale for those who may have missed out some of the prominent pujas.
some of the famous idols which will show up on red road are ballygunge cultural association, ekdalia evergreen, suruchi sangha, chetla agrani and behala natun dal.
similarly, close to 80 members of ballygunge cultural association will walk in unison  men in white dhoti kurta and women in white saris with red borders.
it will make for very attractive visuals.
our theme of thermocol work for the deity has been well accepted.
it will be there on display too, said anjan ukil, secretary of ballygunge cultural association.
the guest list for the tuesday extravaganza includes foreign delegates, bureaucrats, industrialists and ministers.
several thousand people from across the state converge on red road to have a look at the best pujas of the year.
the display is accompanied by several musical and dance performances along with small skits.
we will have to wrap up our performances within two to two-and-a-half minutes as nobody has been permitted to stand and perform.
we will have to perform while on the move, said arijit roy of chetla agrani.
several traffic restrictions will come into effect in and around red road from monday midnight onwards.
red road and other roads leading to red road will be closed to vehicles.
traffic will be diverted through strand road, auckland row, lenin sarani and sn mamatabanerjee road.
vehicles carrying idols have been provided space on kidderpore road to wait for their turn.
several daises are being constructed for chief minister mamatabanerjee and other guests.
seating arrangements have been made for over 15,000 people.
those who cannot make it to red road owing to heavy rush will be able to watch the proceedings live on big screens on rani rashmoni avenue, governor east place, mayo road and park street.
elaborate police arrangements have also been made to prevent any untoward incident.
police have erected watch towers to keep vigil and quick response teams will be stationed at vantage points.
mudiali club will, however, not be participating in the carnival as the immersion has already taken place on friday.
we have informed the authorities concerned in nabanna, said a spokesperson.
kolkata: jadavpur vidyapith headmaster rajendranath mondal and prominent academics on sunday appreciated the steps taken by chief minister mamatabanerjee in the teachers' assault incident.
on sunday evening, nearly hundred alumni of the school gathered in front of the campus to meet teachers and protest against the attack.
the attempt to browbeat the school into absorbing 100 class-iv students from the junior section is in complete contravention to a calcutta high court verdict and secondary education council norms, teachers said, adding the high court had made it clear the school's secondary section had no obligation to admit its primary students.
since the secondary school is a government-aided institution, its student enrolment will be covered under the state's secondary education council guidelines.
without the council's directive, there is little a school can do on its own.
since it was set up in 1957, both the school's primary and secondary sections were under national council of education, a private body.
in the past, a few district education officers had written to the school to absorb primary students.
but they were not heeded because the directive never came from the council.
so, why did the trinamool leaders get involved in an administrative matter relating to a government department?
there were no clear answers.
besides mondal, four teachers, including a lady, were thrashed by the mob.
they're yet to overcome their trauma.
it's horrific.
still it's a nightmare for me.
i heard a commotion and found a group of youths ransacking notice boards and other properties on the first floor corridor, said sushmita mukherjee, who was back in school on sunday on invigilation duty.
it was then that she noticed colleague bijay ranjan acharya being mobbed.
she tried to resist.
even the hooligans did not spare the class xi boys who tried to protect us, mukherjee.
leaving him (acharya), they pounced on me at the corridor.
they pushed me when i tried to resist them.
acharya has injuries on both his hands.
hours have passed but he is yet to recover, said debasis dutta, a teacher.
mondal, the attackers' main target, has injuries on his left hand.
in pain and trauma, he fell sick.
he is suffering from high fever, a relative said when contacted over telephone at his sonarpur residence.
mamata mamatabanerjee asserted that the nrc will not be implemented in west bengal.
it is a political ploy of the b..
.
but she asserted that the national register of citizens (nrc) will not be implemented in west bengal.
it is a political ploy of the bjp to campaign on nrc with an aim to agitate the people, the cm said.
the cm requested political parties not to provoke people.
the enrollment for the voters list is on, so check if your name is there or not.
if your name is not there take help of our party workers.
you can also dial up didi ke bolo to get help to enroll in the voters list.
i can assure you that nrc will not be implemented here.
the cm of bihar had already said that they will not implement nrc, so why would wb go for nrc?
without the help of state administration it cannot be done.
they are creating division in the name of politics, the cm said and added that in assam they had already excluded 13 lakh hindus.
she said : why are you worried with pre-1971 papers.
due to flood many people have lost their documents.
simply file an fir that you have lost your documents and stop worrying.
you must be having documents related to deed, school certificate or driving licence.
i will not be able to provide the date of birth of my mother.
even i do not have a birth certificate, as i was born in a mud house.
but i have school certificate.
though there is a campaign on nrc, do not be afraid.
we are here, we will not allow it here.
they have not started it in tripura and if they do it there then the tripura cm will be excluded.
earlier on friday too she had said you can trust me about nrc.
it might be a political tool of bjp which is using nrc to create panic but i assure you that there is nothing to worry.
new delhi: congress's showing in karnataka , falling well short of government formation, will buoy the spirits of regional parties like mamatabanerjee 's trinamool and k chandrashekhar rao's telangana rashtriya samithi who have been pushing the federal front proposition where congress is one among equals.
the possibility of a federal front can also find the support of telugu desam party chief and andhra pradesh cm n chandrababu naidu who has parted ways with bjp and looks ready to do business with the opposition but who will be comfortable with a less prominent profile for congress.
other opposition parties, barring the left, have no particular interest in seeing congress and rahul gandhi at the head of a challenge to bjp and pm narendra modi west bengal cm mamatabanerjee was the first to float the federal front concept and the idea is shared by those uncomfortable with rahul leading the pack.
the three cms have been in close touch since naidu quit nda and kcr visited kolkata.
kcr has also played host to sp chief akhilesh yadav.
a victory for congress in karnataka would have validated its claim to lead the secular alliance, putting other non-bjp parties under pressure to acquiesce in it or face criticism from secularists and muslims for helping the pm.
however, the loss on tuesday marked a blow to congress's claim of being the  natural leader of a secular front.
the speed with which congress agreed to support former pm's janata dal (s) is being read as its keenness to do whatever it can to prevent bjp from gaining and other opposition leaders see this as possible leverage.
banerjee reacted as soon as karnataka trends pointed at congress trailing and h d deve gowda's jd(s) making gains.
if congress had gone into an alliance with jds, the result would have been different.
very different, she told the media.
she congratulated deve gowda just before his son kumarswamy met karnataka governor vajubhai vala to stake claim with congress support.
banerjee's arch rival, the left, is among the biggest proponents of opposition unity, but it looked a divided house with the cpi too blaming the congress for its failure to take the initiative to forge secular forces' unity because of their over-confidence.
however, cpm general secretary, sitaram yechury tweeted: jd(s)-congress are together, past the majority mark & must be called to form the govt and take the floor test #karnataka.
regional heavyweights like sp and bsp will see congress as a minor partner, no longer an equal of sp as in the 2017 assembly poll when rahul and sp chief akhilesh yadav were hailed as up ke ladke.
when rahul replied to media questions in karnataka on whether he could be pm in 2019 by saying that he could be pm if congress got the numbers, mamatabanerjee was quick to refute it with a terse he is free to give his opinion.
there remain contradictions within the players who could make up the federal front as mamatabanerjee herself in unlikely to see any accommodation with the left.
the newly minted sp-bsp alliance will face further tests and ncp has made it clear it will work with congress given the ground situation in maharashtra.
though the federal front formula that congress cede the fight in states where it is not the leading challenger to bjp in favour of a regional party will mean a significant loss of clout and space, the turn of events in karnataka will encourage this line of reasoning.
it has also been argued that dilution of the congress' profile will help unhappy allies of bjp like shiv sena to play a greater role in criticising bjp's actions.
this story is from february 11, 2019download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
fulbari (nadia): senior bjp leader mukul roy was on sunday named in the fir as one of the accused in saturdays murder of krishnaganj trinamool mla satyajit biswas in fulbari, opening a fresh front in the trinamool-bjp war of words in bengal.
roy, once the no.
2 person in trinamool until he left the party for bjp in november 2017, is heading bjps election campaign strategy in bengal.
he was one of four persons named for murder (section 302 ipc) and criminal conspiracy (section 120b ipc), along with three locals  sujit mondal, kartik mondal and abhijeet pundari.
sujit and kartik were arrested early on sunday and remanded in 14 days police custody.
abhijeet is on the run.
biswas was shot dead just as he came down from a saraswati puja pandal dais.
witnesses said three people surrounded him, and that one of them fired a gun from point blank range, killing him on the spot.
on sunday, a country-made gun  possibly the murder weapon  was recovered from the spot and sent for forensic tests.
the state government on sunday suspended biswass personal bodyguard, probhas mondal  who had taken saturday off  and the officer-in-charge of the local hanskhali police station, anindya bose, who did not arrange a replacement, even after knowing the mlas bodyguard was unavailable for the day.
the two were charged with dereliction of duty and a departmental inquiry has been started against them.
according to cid sources, probhas had called up in the morning to say that he would be on a days leave, but the oc did not take any steps.
locals claimed that the killers had full knowledge of this.
the bengal cid is also probing how the programme  attended by the entire nadia party leadership and a state minister  suffered from no less than 11 power cuts.
immediately after the murder, trinamool had stepped up the heat on roy.
the partys nadia president, gouri shankar dutta, squarely blamed roy for conspiring to kill biswas, even citing the matua factor as a reason.
biswas, a leader from the influential matua community, had been resisting bjp in the belt, dutta claimed.
on sunday, urban development minister firhad hakim iterated this charge.
senior state minister partha chatterjee, who rushed to nadia in the morning, said: we demand the perpetrators and the conspirators of this murder be arrested.
chief minister mamatabanerjee called up biswass widow, rupali, and promised her strong action.
rupali told police that her husband had been anxious about a local who had recently switched to bjp from trinamool.
roy was quick to dismiss the charges against him as politically motivated and claimed he was ready to face an independent inquiry.
suppose i lodge an fir tomorrow claiming mamatabanerjee is involved with the abduction of a bjp worker in purulia.
will the cops arrest her without an inquiry?
so, someone can write any name on a piece of a paper.
but that doesnt mean anything, he said.
roy also slapped a legal notice on dutta for making allegations against him and claimed he had never even spoken to biswas.
it was a safe zone and only had trinamool men.
how could the killers enter the zone, kill him and escape without being apprehended by the men?
he said.
roy claimed he wouldnt immediately seek anticipatory bail since there was a stay order on his arrest by calcutta high court till february 15.
locals claimed they had spotted sujit, kartik and abhijeet fleeing the spot late saturday evening after the gunshot was heard.
nadia sp rupesh kumar said a massive manhunt had been launched for abhijeet who, locals claimed, first ran home and then took a bicycle to flee.
a group ransacked his home late on saturday.
locals claimed abhijeet used to do odd jobs for bjp.
kartik had earlier been arrested for the murder of trinamool leader dulal biswas a year-and-a-half ago.
earlier in the day, biswass body was taken to the dais where he was shot for people to pay their last respects.
chatterjee, local mlas and the partys birbhum president, anubrata mondal, placed a wreath.
this story is from february 5, 2019mamata mamatabanerjee speaks to rajiv kumar, the commissioner of kolkata policedownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
kolkata: on may 20, 2011, just after being sworn in as the chief minister, mamatabanerjee had enquired about rajeev kumar, whom she had accused of snooping on opposition leaders before coming to power.
sensing she might transfer him to a less significant post, officers advised her against it.
eight years on, her decision to sit on a dharna at metro channel to protest against the cbis move to question the very kumar has not come as a surprise to them.
in the past eight years, the 1989 batch ips officer earned her trust and became one of her most-trusted lieutenants and served as the bidhannagar and kolkata police cp.
she was told he was a visionary officer with modernday policing skills.
she listened to the advice and the rest is history.
rajeev has proved his worth through his policing acumen and deft knowledge of technology.
today, he is cms one of the closest officers.
it is not surprising she has come out in full support of rajeev, said a senior police officer.
kumar as the ssp (cid) is credited with cracking the 2001 khadim abduction case and the 2002 usis attack probes, kolkatas first brush with jihadi outfits.
for a long time, he had been under threat and had to travel in a vehicle without a licence plate.
a be in computer science, kumar hails from up and his wife is an irs officer.
he was among the kolkata police officers who set up the stf to probe terrorism and anti-maoist cases.
he is also credited with establishing the cyber security wing.
if he is not working, he is upgrading himself.
nobody can call kumar being idle.
he is a workaholic and inspires his colleagues to put in their best, said one of his juniors.
kumar had enrolled for phd and even wrote columns briefly.
some of his postings have been birbhum sp, ed deputy commissioner, deputy commissioner of central division and joint commissioner of the special task force.
a fitness enthusiast, he has exercise equipment in his ante-chamber.
he takes short breaks to do push-ups and crunches in his office, said an officer.
kolkata: the saffron tsunami in tripuras red citadel has posed a challenge to mamatabanerjee , who hit headlines seven years ago by devouring the left in west bengal in 2011.
the poll result has sent out signals that winning elections in left bastions isnt banerjees monopoly any more.
and moreover, if the countrys poorest chief minister manik sarkar can lose elections, then didi cant get away with her hawai chappal image.
but then, mamatabanerjee isnt new to a bjp-rss offensive.
she gave a solo fight to bjp during the modi wave of 2014 and took on bjp on the one hand and the congress-left jote on the other in the 2016 assembly polls, and came out with flying colours.
her next test is the coming bengal rural polls.
in all the elections held in bengal since 2011, bjp has improved its vote share at the cost of the left with the fronts vote share sliding from 40.
22  in 2011 assembly polls to 29  in the 2014 lok sabha polls and further down to 25.
8  in the 2016 assembly polls.
but bjp has not been able to dent trinamools ascending vote share.
bjp state chief dilip ghosh believes the party will make it possible from the coming panchayat polls.
like in tripura, things will start changing in the next six months.
didi is thus worried.
she wanted cpm to win the tripura polls.
she is giving a lifeline to left and congress to arrest bjp in bengal, ghosh said.
trinamool secretary general partha chatterjee, however, held the trinamool government in bengal was not facing the strong anti-incumbency that sunk manik sarkars ship in tripura.
mamata banerjees government has carved out an alternative development model that keeps it sailing, chatterjee said.
yet, the left debacle in tripura throws up certain vulnerable areas for trinamool leaders to take note of.
most important among them are the adivasi areas in the foothills of north bengal  kalchini, falakata, madarihat, dhupguri, mal nagrakata  and the tribal areas in jangalmahal  west midnapore, purulia, bankura  parts of birbhum, malda and the two dinajpurs.
bjp and rss have already made impressive dents in these areas following the model the party has taken up for adivasis, sc/sts and dalits across the country.
it has borne rich dividends in tripura.
the second most vulnerable area is the hindu refugee areas, where people went with the left, and are now gravitating towards bjp.
the lefts erosion in refugee belts has contributed to bjps rise there to a large extent.
and, the hindutva concept is getting traction among the educated bengali middle class groomed in a secular atmosphere.
banerjee is aware of it.
she is thus frequenting jangalmahal and north bengal to see that government goodies reach the beneficiaries fast.
she is also desperate to fetch investments in bengal and stop educated youths migration.
this story is from november 20, 2018west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee greets andhra pradesh cm chandrababu naidu before a meeting at naba.
.
.
read moremamata wants all oppn leaders on boarddownload the times of india news app for latest citykolkata: the mahagathbandhan meet to firm up plans on how to take on the bjp in the 2019 lok sabha poll will now happen only after the protagonists know the results of the five ongoing vidhan sabha polls.
bengal cm mamatabanerjee met her andhra pradesh counterpart, n chandrababu naidu, at nabanna on monday evening, following which naidu briefed the media about the decision to defer the mahagathbandhan meeting from the initial date of november 22 to any day before the start of parliament's winter session on december 15.
i came here to meet mamatabanerjee ji and we had a fruitful discussion.
we have cancelled the november 22 meeting because we are in the midst of assembly polls, naidu said, seeking to explain the postponement.
the results of the rajasthan, madhya pradesh, chhattisgarh, mizoram and telangana state polls will be declared on december 11.
but we want to meet before parliament's winter session and will announce the exact date later, naidu added.
state secretariat officials hinted that the meeting might be held on december 14, a day before parliament's winter session.
the two cms' dialogue lasted for about an hour in the afternoon, where mamatabanerjee raised questions over the mahagathbandhan meeting's timing when five states were in the middle of assembly polls.
the november 22 schedule was not conducive for the anti-bjp unity show as both bahujan samaj party chief mayawati and samajwadi party leader akhilesh yadav had been criticising the congress in their assembly poll campaigns, the bengal cm felt.
cm mamatabanerjee urged her andhra pradesh counterpart chandrababu naidu to try and have all opposition leaders, including mayawati and akhilesh yadav, on board to put up a united face against the bjp.
banerjee, her party colleagues said, was looking at the planned brigade parade ground rally in kolkata on january 19 as the pace-setter for opposition unity as most anti-bjp leaders had confirmed their presence.
the telugu desam chief, a former nda ally, later emphasised the need for anti-bjp forces to come together to save the nation.
our mottot is save the nation, save democracy and save institutions.
democracy is in danger.
central investigating agencies, like the central bureau of investigation and the enforcement directorate and even the reserve bank of india, are under pressure.
politicians are threatened with cbi inquiries.
demonetisation has turned into a farce, there has been devaluation of the rupee compared to the us dollar and spiralling petrol and diesel prices have led to inflation.
intolerance is on the rise, the andhra chief minister said.
naidu initiated his oppositionunity moves by meeting congress president rahul gandhi on november 1 and later called for a meeting on november 22 after talking to congress general secretary ashok gehlot in amravati.
united progressive alliance chairperson sonia gandhi later called mamatabanerjee , requesting her presence at the meet.
but the congress moves to make the meeting a success apparently did not go down well with some opposition leaders, like mayawati, yadav and nationalist congress party leader sharad pawar, who were in touch with banerjee.
many opposition leaders are not in a mood to allow the congress to get the pre-eminent position in the anti-bjp mahagathbandhan.
the bengal cm, however, did not go into what transpired at her monday meet with naidu.
all opposition leaders except one or two have promised to come to the kolkata rally on january 19.
naidu chose to go along with mamatabanerjee , now a prominent face among anti-bjp forces, and agreed to the pre-winter session meeting to work out a common strategy against the bjp on the floor of the parliament.
but he and some other opposition leaders have not given up the hope of roping in mayawati and yadav in their anti-bjp combination  along with the congress  after the assembly elections.
kolkata: union junior power minister r k singh called up bengal power minister sovandeb chattopadhyay on tuesday over the rs 1,200 crore power grid corporation of india project that has lurched into uncertainty over the bhangor stalemate.
singh sought a status update on the project and urged chattopadhyay to push for its completion.
once completed, the project will transmit power from west bengal to purnia in bihar.
the union minister also said he would take up the issue with chief minister mamatabanerjee once she returns from her north bengal tour.
under an apolitical banner, villagers have been staging protests in bhangor since january 2017 after two locals were killed in a police-agitators stand-off.
chattopadhyay later told reporters he assured singh of the issue gradually getting settled.
he said those leading the protests were losing support of locals.
he further said he had received letters from landowners who at one point had backed the movement.
they have told us that they now understand it was a politically motivated movement by outsiders and they were being misguided.
the villagers are directly meeting me.
.
.
i have also informed the union minister about the unscientific rumours that were being systematically spread, chattopadhyay said.
the bengal minister, however, made it clear the cm had said no land would be taken over forcefully unless legal landholders willingly handed over the plot for the stalled project.
he pointed out that among the 293 landowners who need to give up plots for the project, almost 95  have agreed and received compensation.
we are trying to convince the others.
also, earlier rs 15 crore was distributed as compensation and now another rs 4.
6 crore has been given out among land-losers proportionately.
it is only because four or five land poles could not be erected after the project entered north 24 parganas that it has been stalled since 2017, chattopadhyay said.
kolkata: pilloried by the bjp for alleged appeasement politics, west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee is trying to shed her image of being only pro-minorities to regain the ground lost in the recent lok sabha elections.
she is attempting to take the battle to the rival camp, with her government coming up with a series of measures in favour of hindus, including a special allowance for a section of priests.
in the polls held in april-may, the bjp aggressively plugged the hindutva narrative and made unprecedented inroads in west bengal, with its tally jumping to 18 lok sabha seats from 2 it had bagged in 2014.
trinamool congress could manage to get only 22 of the 42 lok sabha seats at stake in the state, 12 down from last time.
the elections and the run up to it saw intense struggle, many a time violent, between the trinamool congress and the bjp as the saffron party made vehement efforts to gain ground in the state.
the bjp played up the hindutva card in a big way and portrayed mamatabanerjee as pro-minority, a card which paid the party well at the hustings.
apparently realizing the urgent need to address the situation, mamatabanerjee , soon after the lok sabha elections, instructed the party-run kolkata municipal corporation to announce a special allowance for the agradani brahmins - who perform the last rites of the deceased in the eight kmc-run crematoriums.
consequently, city mayor firhad hakim announced a daily allowance of rs 398 for such priests and handed over the cheques to them.
thus far, only the maulavis at the burial ground used to get such a financial help from the administration.
the bjp had earlier carried out a high-pitch campaign against the mamatabanerjee government's decision to give monthly allowances to imams and muazzins of mosques, while ignoring the priests of temples.
as another measure of the trinamool congress to reach out to the majority community after the poll drubbing, hakim - also the state minister for municipal affairs and urban development - stepped down as chairman of the tarakeshwar development authority.
his appointment to the post in 2017 had given fodder to the bjp to raise a hue and cry, while demanding that such a position should be reserved for hindus as the jurisdiction of the tda includes the tarakehswar temple considered very auspicious by the majority community.
he was asked to step down, because of this pressure, said a trinamool leader on condition of anonymity.
the ruling party leader conceded that the bjp campaigned strongly on the appeasement plank, particularly playing up the tarakeshwar issue on the electronic and social media that the sentiments of hindus were hurt.
i don't know why our people (trinamool leaders and workers) did not try to counter the bjp propaganda.
consequently, there was an anger among the hindus, which shouldn't have been there, he said, adding the bjp campaign was one of the reasons that trinamool lost even the hooghly lok sabha seat.
the mamatabanerjee government has also started acting on another issue raised by the bjp for long - that law keepers in kolkata were turning a blind eye to two-wheeler riders in minority-dominated areas breaking traffic rules by not wearing helmets and riding at breakneck speed, many times in intoxicated state.
over the past month or so, the police have been hauling up such bikers in a big way and apparently as a conscious move, the authorities are giving out the names of muslim youth punished during such drives.
now check posts have come up all over the city, be it jadavpur or patuli in the extreme south, or shaymbazar in the north, or muslim-dominated rajabazar, mallickbazar and park circus areas.
however, the head of the chief minister's monitoring cell, which is receives the complaints, tried to portray the drive as a routine.
we have ensured it starts off at all the places.
it is not a question of caste or religion, but only a law and order issue.
if bikers are not wearing helmets, they will be stopped, irrespective of the locality, as a law and order measure, colonel diptangshu chowdhury, in-charge of the monitoring cell, told ians.
if the police have the slightest suspicion about somebody in a four-wheeler or a two-wheeler, they will act.
cases have been filed against 9,527 bikers in the last 12 days.
in fact, on one specific night, we filed cases against 1500 two wheelers.
five four wheelers and over 900 motor cycles were confiscated.
about 150 non-bailable warrants have been issued, said an official associated with the drive.
but the right wing leaders and other opposition parties are far from impressed.
the rashtriya swayamsevak sangh felt it was just a show-off.
due to the appeasement, a community has become aggressive.
for this reason, the chief minister has been forced to take some action.
but she has not discarded her appeasement policy.
these measures which she has been taking are only cosmetic, just a show-off, rss south bengal prachar pramukh biplab roy told ians.
leader of the opposition and congress veteran abdul mannan said mamatabanerjee has tried to use the muslims only as a vote bank.
muslims have not been appeased.
look at the poor number of muslims in state government jobs.
they are educationally so backward.
mamata has done nothing for the community.
she has only attended iftaar parties and eid congregations by tying a scarf on her head.
she does and says whatever is politically expedient for her, he said.
cpi-m state secretariat member sujan chakraborty ridiculed mamatabanerjee for trying to portray herself as more hindu than other hindus and more muslim than muslims.
she is only concerned about votes.
there has been no change in her policies.
only some time back she said 'je goru dudh dai tar lathio khete raji' (it literally means  i am ready to be get kicks from a cow that gives milk).
this story is from january 15, 2019cm mamatabanerjee (file photo)download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
i have asked the higher education department to form a high-power umbrella committee, where there will be education minister, the higher education secretary, and the vice-chancellors of presidency, jadavpur and calcutta universities, the cm said after the review meeting of the education sector on monday.
st xaviers has adopted a school and they are doing well.
this can be a model.
criticizing the former left front government for not giving importance in education, the chief minister said: in the last seven years, we have created 28 universities and we will create another 10.
at present there are 30 universities and another 10 universities will come very soon.
a bill has been passed in the assembly and financial sanction has been given.
before 2011, there were only 12 universities.
.
.
.
we have also created 50 new colleges and will create more in the districts so that we can spread education in all parts of the state.
in the review meeting  the first of its kind  the cm made it clear that she will not tolerate any kind of politics during college admissions.
there should not be any complaint regarding online admission and you should see that the students dont come to the colleges before getting admitted, a source present in the meeting, quoting the chief minister, said.
the research scholars are telling me that they are not getting even their scholarships.
gjm suppters at a rally in darjeeling during election campaign in aprildarjeeling/kolkata: a day after union home minister amit shahs letter to bjps darjeeling mp raju bista on sunday in which the bjp president said the concerns over the people of gorkhaland and ladakh area are being looked at, the mp has appealed to hills parties to work together for union territory status.
we can achieve many things together.
if j&k and ladakh can achieve it, so can we.
backbiting wont do us any good, bista said on monday.
it triggered an immediate response from the plains, with trinamool congress seeing it as a plot to divide bengal.
why did he use the word gorkhaland?
there is no place called gorkhaland in the entire area.
it seems after dividing jammu and kashmir, bjp is planning to bifurcate bengal.
but as long the tmc is here, nobody can break the state, senior tmc minister gautam deb said.
shahs response was in reply to bistas letter in july where he voiced concern over gorkhas being left out of the purview of the special cell formed by delhi police to counter acts of racism, particularly against people from the northeast.
bista also came down heavily on gjms binoy tamang faction that has been questioning bjps sincerity in addressing the genuine demands of the gorkhas.
why question our (bjps) sincerity.
you (tamang faction) are working with the money given by mamatabanerjee banerjee.
if you are sincere, dissolve gorkhaland territorial administration and work with us for the community, he said.
the darjeeling mp didnt see anything wrong in the union home ministers mention of gorkhaland.
the word has been included in the gorkhaland territorial administration that stands integral to the tripartite agreement signed in 2011 in presence of then home minister p chidambaram, west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee and gjm president bimal gurung, bista said.
the bjp mp alleged that rumours were being spread by gjms (tamang camp) and trinamool to confuse the hills people over jammu and kashmir.
i represent the gorkha community in delhi.
how can i betray my own community?
the hills people have put their faith on bjp knowing that only our party will deliver.
bista also allayed fears on bjps promise to chalk out a permanent political solution for the hills region and said the process to achieve it would start very soon.
the process to find a solution will start soon.
i can only say that it (solution) will be something that the gorkha community aspires and wants, he said.
the mp also pointed to issues such as appointing administrator in the darjeeling civic body, not holding panchayat election in the hills, threat to rebel councillors who joined bjp in delhi and hundreds of youths forced into the jungles after the statehood agitation in 2017.
bjp bengal president dilip ghosh stopped short of raising the union territory demand for the hills.
our party manifesto talks about finding a permanent solution for the gorkha community.
our darjeeling mp has taken up the plight of hundreds of gorkha families who had to leave their homes and many who were put behind bars during the 2017 agitation, ghosh said.
balarampur (purulia): are you ready?
can you achieve it?
the answer: an emphatic yes.
chief minister mamatabanerjee on friday took her battle to the maoist hinterland which, according to her, witnessed 42 murders in the past decade.
she launched a vitriolic attack on the rebels yet again, but at the same breath mamatabanerjee also stressed she is willing to do all it takes to bring the rebels to the mainstream.
in saying, aami apnader case gulo dekhe debo (i will look after your cases), mamatabanerjee cleared her intent to the extent she was willing to accommodate them.
speaking at a public rally at purulia's balarampur college ground, the chief minister urged the villagers to keep vigil at night forming peace committees.
she, however, said these committees shouldn't be armed.
if you have to take up arms it should only be for the country, she said.
mamata's attempt was perhaps more to clear the air on the various vigilante groups - jana jagaran mancha, mao hatao bahini and bhairab bahini - cropped up reportedly under trinamool patronage.
though trinamool maintains a studied silence on them, maoists have been critical of these committees.
the tenor of mamata's speech was apparent from the moment she held the frail hands of 80-year-old kuladabala singh and asked the 10,000-strong crowd, have a look at her.
is she a class enemy?
people unable to get two square meals a day are now dubbed class enemies.
is it due to their (referring to the maoists) new found fondness for money?
she asked.
mamata had even penned the poem jitu jayatu in which she vented her pain and frustration after the murder of jitu singh (57) on november 3 at balarampur's ghatbera.
if they have their way, they will not allow us to give rice, ration and food.
they'll not even allow one to support trinamool.
can this go on?
what are 100 guns against 2 lakh people?
you've evicted the cpm from power, what are maoists?
she said.
her tirade against the maoists sympathizers (whom she claimed were very few) and their frontal organizations found mention in her speech.
she referred to the matangini brigade as saitani (demonic) brigade and cautioned people against all bengal students union, chetana mancha, janasadharan committee and nari adhikar bachao committee, which she claimed were working at their behest.
they shed tear for the maoists, why don't they shed a single tear for the poor people who are being murdered.
do the later have no right to live?
or is it because they get a share of the loot?
a combative mamatabanerjee quizzed.
in nepal, their ideology allowed them to join the government.
here they are against it.
how can politics be without people?
i thought they'd demand from me more jobs, development and food for people.
they responded by killing.
ask what you want?
but you have to return to mainstream, she said.
this fight is not against poor people, it is against poverty.
 she said.
but she also conceded that without peace there can be no development.
that is why i urge you all to set aside fear, she said.
mamata also announced a host of steps for all-round development in purulia.
earlier in the day, she met all bdos, sdos, adms and dms including the police top brass at the purulia circuit house.
it is the beauty here that prompted jibanananda das to pen his famous rupasi bangla.
what have they done of it?
we will return the lost glory and nothing can stop us from doing it, she said.
kolkata: in a rebuff to china, west bengal governor mk narayanan attended a lecture on mother teresa by dalai lama ignoring an advice from the chinese cosulate in kolkata.
according to reports, the chinese consulate had advised chief minister mamatabanerjee and governor mk narayanan to stay away from the fucntion tibet's exiled spiritual leader.
narayanan, however, refused to comment on the issue when asked by the reporters.
tmc mp derek o'brien, who attended the function, said chief minister mamatabanerjee would definitely have been present at the function if the condition of her mother was not serious.
he said the event was a solemn occasion.
speaking to reporters at the venue, dalai lama said he was not surprised to hear about the china note asking west bengal governor and chief minister not to attend the meet.
the tibetan leader said the matter should not be politicised.
i am no longer a political leader.
i don't like this visit to be politicised, he said adding he had faced similar opposition from china before as well.
kolkata: the proposed inauguration of the national security guard (nsg) hub at badu near madhyamgram on wednesday by union home minister p chidambaram has been postponed as chief minister mamatabanerjee is touring north bengal and sikkim to asses the loss due to the earthquake.
officials said that mamatabanerjee on tuesday called up chidambaram and requested him to postpone the inaugural programme because of the disaster.
nsg officials, however, said they have heard that the inauguration may be postponed, but there was no clear information from the union home ministry yet.
we are a little confused over the issue, a senior officer said.
the home minister was supposed to come down to inaugurate some of the training facilities and an administrative block that had been newly added in this nsg hub.
representative imagesiuri: clashes erupted on wednesday between two groups of villagers in west bengal 's birbhum district over the issue of 'cut money', prompting the police to increase vigil in the area and arrest nine persons, sources in the administration said.
crude bombs were hurled indiscriminately by the two sides at sahapur village in sadaipur police station area near siuri, with the locals claiming that the miscreants were supporters of the ruling tmc and the bjp, they said.
police officers, too, came under attack while trying to stop the clash, the sources claimed.
according to local people, a group of villagers on tuesday evening agitated before tmc leader enamul haque's residence, demanding the return of 'cut money' which they had allegedly given to get benefits under government schemes.
the situation, however, turned violent on wednesday when supporters of haque allegedly attacked those who had agitated the day before.
a huge contingent of armed forces has been rushed to sahapur village in the wake of the clashes, birbhum superintendent of police shyam singh said.
nine persons have been arrested in connection with the clashes.
the situation is now under control, but police are maintaining a strict vigil in the area, he added.
'cut money' is the commission charged illegally from common people by alleged tmc functionaries in return for delivery of services and benefits under government schemes.
the issue has rocked the state over the past few weeks after chief minister mamatabanerjee issued a diktat asking party leaders to return the 'cut money' they had taken from people.
it is december 6.
three days after a rumbustious football derby between mohun bagan and east bengal had stopped traffic in kolkata, the citys busiest thoroughfares are again choked.
marking the 25th anniversary of the babri masjid demolition, west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee has called a rally at the maidan and it is a city in a strange overdrive, caught between a new generation that doesnt seem to get it and an entire community that cannot forget it.
yet, nearby at the mohammedan sporting club tent, its an oasis of indifferent silence.
yes, club officials may be at didis rally but you dont need to ask to know its just a token presence.
inside the premises, a few men have stopped by to offer afternoon prayers.
a large orange-plumed rooster struts about in the sparse lawns  perhaps the only swag you will see all day.
not far, a row of team shirts, in the clubs iconic black-chest white-sleeve motif, are drying in the mild winter sun.
it was once among the most unmistakable colours in indian sport.
the upturned numbers on the shirt backs, in a sense, signify the current predicament of a once-imperious 126-year-old club.
here is an institution, founded in 1891, that had once been one of the symbols of muslim identity, a rallying point through the tumultuous events of independence, and the subsequent search for the self and status in an altered post-partition landscape.
in the eyes of the world, the indian muslim ethos was identified through three broad symbols: the aligarh muslim university, darul uloom deoband and mohammedan sporting, says zafar ali khan, a veteran journalist and commentator and devoted mohammedan sporting chronicler.
but how much meaning does that symbol hold today?
on the national stage, the image of the club, now a middling team in the i-league second division, has taken a beating with both audiences and funds shrinking.
with once the greatest support base across the country, mohammedan sporting was perhaps the first pan-indian sporting idea.
indian footballs most travelled team, it drew crowds from the muslim community wherever they played.
old-timers speak of the ek aandhi jaise outpouring of support for the club in delhi and bombay.
in the deeply intertwined calcutta maidan matrix, while mohun bagan proudly wore its upper-class, aristocratic makeup as a badge, and east bengal represented a fierce refugees ethos, the non-hindu, non-bengali communities in the diverse city chose to be associated with the third club in town.
kolkatas chinese community, for instance, has always famously chosen to identify with mohammendan sporting.
it is this same idea that the club is struggling to keep afloat today.
that it was the pioneer in recruiting players from across the country gave it a greater air of inclusivity.
today, as they painstakingly rebuild through the age-group and junior leagues playing in the suburbs of kamalgazi, it is perhaps symbolic of their subaltern roots that their brightest hope is 17-year-old lucky, or debraj rakhit, a tiny wily playmaker who returns to his painting and white-washing duties when not training at the club academy.
nearly half of players in the clubs in bengals interiors are either muslims or tribals, says former india captain bhaskar ganguly, the man who led the eight-player exodus from east bengal in 1981.
during their heydays, mohammedan sporting even employed the services of stars from pakistan (usman jaan and jamaal khan), before a government ban in the 1960s put an end to that.
they were the first to take players from all over india, right from the frontier province down to kerala, remembers ashok mitra.
frail and touching 90, the economist and veteran politician, can still reel off names (with their playing positions) of the crack mohammedan sporting teams of the 1930s that was the first indian team to win the calcutta league, then largely accepted as the national championship.
like a thunderbolt, they arrived on the scene, says mitra, before he lapses into a remorseful dismissal of the clubs current standing.
the club that mainly kept going on members contributions and the huge gate-money receipts it helped raise, is today crippled with a fund crunch.
even a seasons budget of rs 1 to 2 crore is hard to cobble up.
we were players, recruiters and sponsor-finders all rolled into one, remembers shabbir ali, a former mohammedan and india great.
today, at a time where there is rising commercialization in the indian game, that mohammedan sporting continues to be neglected, points perhaps, to a larger reluctance to be seen alongside a muslim institution.
not many among the muslim elite too are keen to be associated with a football club that bears a muslim name.
club insiders talk of a bengal tea and tobacco giant who contributes to the club but will not be openly attached to it.
that hesitancy extends to other business communities as well.
apparently, an automotive giant, which underwrites most of indian sport today, was on the brink of signing a lucrative deal with sporting in the late 1980s, but rescinded after the company patriarch felt an association with the club could hurt their growing brand.
even mamatas outside interest in the club is seen as a tool for minority appeasement.
vote bank hai, isliye welfare hai, says mohd salahuddin, a 56-year-old green shutter manufacturer.
however, mohammedan sporting can still draw in the crowds and whip up the passion, but mainly in subaltern india  the hawkers and the puchkawala as zafar describes them - not as the national giant it once was.
recently, we played a small tournament in mau, some 100 km north of banaras.
over 30,000 people turned up on hearing mohammedan sporting had come, says bilal ahmed khan, longtime club administrator.
the fervor is a shadow of the past when it spawned imitations in dhaka, chittagong, and delhi.
three clubs  city, moghals and indian nationals  in the capital owe their dna to it.
maqbool ali , a 74-year-old from old delhi, remembers well the pull of the club.
it was a dcm trophy match in 1960 against east bengal at the dilli gate ground (now ambedkar stadium), and an infringement led to an east bengal goal.
the crowd went furious, play was stopped.
remember, mohammedans was a complete muslim team then.
prime minister nehru was in attendance and it was getting ugly.
noted urdu poet of the time, kunwar mohinder singh bedi sahar, had to grab the mic and recite a few couplets to calm the crowds, but it gave you a sense of the craze for mohammedan sporting in delhi.
mohammedan sportings status altered with the rise of the left in bengal in the 1970s, symbolized by east bengals domineering charge.
it may have contributed in edging out mohammedan as a new narrative replaced the earlier one on the maidan.
mohammedan sporting was a dream which came true for the muslims for at least a decade, says ashok mitra, the partition comes and soon it was just another ordinary club.
at the turn of the century, even as the appeal of the big three became a narrow, kolkata-specific phenomenon, football was beginning to wear a more professional outlook.
in this lop-sided progress, while bagan and east bengal managed to be counted among indian footballs elite, mohammedan sporting were further relegated to an also-ran.
to many, the current state of mohammedan sporting is symptomatic of the state of the indian muslims today, as they grapple with a lack of leadership and feel increasingly politically irrelevant.
where is the muslim leadership today?
laments mitra.
the way out  or back -- says prof mohd suleiman khurshid, a former club president, is for the current administration  and by extension, the community leaders -- to understand that for any revival to take place, they have to go back to the masses.
to develop the clubs potential once again, address its problems.
you will be addressing the larger problems of the community as well, says khurshid.
mohd dawood, 62, a leather trader in kolkata, speaks of a larger transformation that has occurred, when he says, the father carrying his kid on the shoulder into the stands at the maidan spoke of continuity, a steady way of life.
it was true of mohammedan sporting, it was true of our existence and our identity.
lekin woh zamaana toh ab beet gaya.
bees saal sey team haar hi rahi hai.
aur saath mein hum log bhi, he sighs.
kolkata: chief minister mamatabanerjee will go on a nine-day visit to china from june 22.
she has finally answered an invitation that china sent her quite some time ago.
the west bengal cm was almost scheduled to visit that country last year when the doklam stand-off probably came in the way of her plan.
media reports had said the union home ministry back then declined permission to allow her china visit.
the chinese consulate in the city, which is facilitating the visit, confirmed mamatabanerjee would be visiting beijing and shanghai between june 22 and 30 and the itinerary was being finalised.
however, broadly, the cm would explore options of bringing investors to bengal, look at exchanges in the fields of art and culture, history and education, said chinese consul general ma zhanwu.
the trip has been completely planned by the chinese government along with the indian embassy in beijing.
we are being sent instructions, according to which we are acting.
the detailed itinerary is yet to reach us but investment is definitely top priority, ma added.
for the past three years, a large number of business delegations from china have been coming to bengal to explore investment opportunities in manufacturing, food processing, agricultural equipment and fertilisers.
a lot of investment has already come about and it is expected that the cm will interact with several business groups from various chinese provinces who will be in beijing and shanghai to meet her.
china had also held several educational expos in kolkata to showcase opportunities that students would want to explore in the neighbouring country.
several academic exchange tie-ups are being explored between institutions here and those in china.
the cm might visit some of these institutions in beijing and shanghai.
this story is from february 6, 2019download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
purulia: high drama prevailed on both sides of the bengal-jharkhand border along nh-60a in the run up to uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanaths public meeting at purulias bhangra on tuesday.
with the bengal government denying permission for yogis helicopter to land near the meeting ground, the bjp built as many as seven helipads in neighbouring jharkhand, where the party is in power.
bjp sources said the idea was to keep guessing so that those, albeit, trinamool, bent on placing obstacles on yogis path were thwarted.
the up cm finally landed at a helipad in baramesh village in jharkhands bokaro district.
from there, a convoy of over 20 vehicles brought yogi by road to bhangra, a distance of 29 km.
from baramesh, the convoy traversed 4 km to jharkhands border with bengal along nh-60a.
the convoy included vehicles carrying national security guard (nsg) commandoes who are at the core of the up cms security retinue, up police and jharkhand police.
once inside bengal, not a single bengal police vehicle or personnel from the state police was deployed to provide security cover to the up cm.
there were no state policemen along the route the convoy took along the same national highway  nh-60a.
instead, crpf jawans were deployed.
these jawans were in two crpf trucks that travelled about half a km ahead of the convoy.
i paid the agreement money from the trinamool party fund.
the company later told us that they are under pressure and refunded the money.
all political parties should take note of this and take pre-emptive steps.
mamata, however, did not mention her up counterpart.
on complaints by bjp leaders about denial of guest house facilities to them in the state, the bengal cm said, when i visited maharashtra and bihar, i was not allowed to stay at any government guest house.
i have not forgotten this.
the up cms convoy reached the meeting ground at bhangra around 4.
30 p.
m.
apprehensions of purulia and state bjp leaders about possible obstructions in the convoys path were set at rest with trinamool strongman abhisekh mamatabanerjee cancelling his planned visit to purulias aghorpur, near the purulia-bokaro border, to address a party meeting.
though the district trinamool went ahead with the meeting, its supporters stayed away from the path of yogis convoy.
waiting for yogi at the meeting venue  a private ground by the party  were state bjp leaders dilip ghosh and rahul sinha.
some 30,000 people had turned up to hear yogi speak.
purulia bjp leaders said, we went ahead with the meeting despite complete non-cooperation by the administration which denied us permission to hold it and withheld landing rights for yogijis helicopter.
another bjp leader who refused to go on record alleged, we could have brought many more people to the meeting but the local trinamool warned bus, truck and van owners not to rent their vehicles to our party.
trinamool leaders had even warned the local bamboo association to ensure that no bamboo poles reached the meeting ground.
addressing the meeting, yogi said, trinamool goons are looting development funds which are not reaching the poor here.
this story is from february 5, 2019make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
new delhi: union minister jitendra singh on monday said the west bengal government obstructing the cbi from performing its duty was a criminal offence, even as the home ministry sought a report from the state on the alleged role of ips officers in blocking investigation by the central agency, in violation of service conduct rules.
taking exception to kolkata police commissioner rajeev kumar sitting alongside chief minister mamatabanerjee on dharna on a political platform, singh told toi it was a clear violation of rule 3 (1a) of the all india services (conduct) rules, 1968, that require every member of the service to maintain political neutrality.
if reports regarding the alibi sought to be taken that the said officer was there (at the dharna site) as he had been summoned by the chief minister are true, then it is the chief minister who is violating the spirit of the law.
the cm is at the core of violation of conduct rules by the said officer.
what example is she setting?
asked singh.
sources said a decision on initiating action against rajeev kumar would be taken after receiving the state chief secretary's report on the matter.
senior government officials did not rule out the home ministry, the cadre-controlling authority of ips officers, issuing a showcause notice to kumar asking why departmental action should not be initiated him for violation of conduct rules.
jitendra singh refuted banerjee's charge that having a cbi team quiz the kolkata police chief was an assault on the federal structure.
on the contrary, the action of the west bengal government and the chief minister have eroded the federal spirit of closely coordinated working between the centre and the state without intruding into each other's domain and at the same time, leaving enough space for each other, he added.
singh said this was in contrast to the high standards of public conduct and propriety established by narendra modi as chief minister of gujarat when a series of motivated and unsubstantiated cases were filed against him by the cbi at the behest of the upa government.
not even once did modi as chief minister obstruct the working of the cbi and instead, voluntarily offered to face interrogation for hours together at a stretch, he said, adding that by doing so, modi reiterated his faith in rule of law and legally fought out the cases filed against him, and finally obtained a clean chit.
kolkata: the state government on tuesday set up a high-powered committee for framing food safety norms that aims to achieve three basic things: to frame rules for carcass disposal, taking exemplary action against those who minted money by selling carcass meat, and to restore public confidence in non-vegetarian fare.
chief minister mamatabanerjee put chief secretary malay de at the head of the panel, and kept six departmental secretaries in it, including the dgp and the kolkata police commissioner.
the committee can seek reports from district officials, police and the cid to get insights into the investigation process.
a source said that the role of health inspectors will also be under scrutiny as they failed to perform their duty, never having mentioned anything about carcass meat in reports.
the government might even for some tie-ups with private entities.
the prime task of the committee will be to frame rules for carcass disposal.
there are also plans to instal incinerators at all carcass-disposal fields, along with cctv cameras, to prevent carcasses from being smuggled out.
the committee will also set up penal provisions for scrap and catering waste, as there had been complaints about some restaurants re-using the waste.
the committee will also ascertain the shelf life of semi-processed frozen food.
the panel will also see whether carcasses can be used to make compost or biogas .
the panel will also set norms to keep at bay diseases from carcasses.
new delhi: in a rare show of bonhomie between upa allies trinamool congress and congress, two senior central ministers jairam ramesh and anand sharma lavished praises on west bengal chief minister and tmc chief mamatabanerjee as she tried an image makeover for her six-month-old state government at the rising bengal session for industry leaders on the state day at the india international trade fair here on thursday.
from the interaction between the central ministers and the cm, it was clear that even as they may create pressure on each other as coalition partners, they were in no mood to part ways as mamatabanerjee needs congress at the centre to facilitate a turnaround of the state and the grand old party too requires the key ally in all its strength to run upa-ii.
moving over from her ma, mati, manush slogan that she had coined to win bengal polls, mamatabanerjee on thursday coined a new one for her government  rising and resurgent bengal while inviting investors to develop infrastructure and industry in the state.
a day after mamatabanerjee made her anger against coalition partner congress clear in a full- length interview on a tv channel, she seemed to be wooing the central ministers from congress to aide her in re-industrializing bengal after 34 years of left rule.
both ramesh and sharma assured mamatabanerjee of all logistical and infrastructural help to rebuild bengal industrially, and also made it clear that it was private investment that the state would have to depend on.
assuring full support to industrialists who invest in west bengal, mamatabanerjee sought to downplay the land acquisition issue in the state saying rs 56,000 crore worth of investment has come in the last six months, she said during an interactive session with industrialists and media.
both congress and the cm were on the same page in accusing the previous left government of failing to attract investment to the state.
if ramesh mentioned that the left had turned west bengal that led in terms of industry, education and all else, into waste bengal, sharma profusely praised mamatabanerjee , as his main concern was to woo her before the cabinet meeting on thursday that cleared fdi in retail.
banerjee had openly opposed fdi in retail even while speaking at the seminar.
banerjee said her government would host 'big rising bengal summit' from january 4.
trinamool secretary-general partha chatterjeekolkata: in a clear indication that the party will not tolerate any re-run of the attack on tollygunge police station, trinamool congress sent out a strong signal, clearly stating that party leaders must not mix administration with poll politics.
by insisting that the law will take its own course, the party leaders have been warned not to impede any subsequent police action in this matter.
vote and administration are two separate things.
there is no relation between such incidents and vote bank politics, trinamool secretary-general partha chatterjee said on tuesday.
chatterjee said the incident which took place on sunday night was unfortunate and unexpected and should not be allowed to recur, as it may erode the peoples respect for the administration.
those responsible for the incident should be given the strictest punishment, he told reporters here.
mayor firhad hakim referred this as a stray incident perpetrated by anti-socials.
police are quite capable of bringing them to book, he said.
law will take is own course, he said.
according to a senior trinamool leader, chatterjees statement is expected to send out a clear message to the party ranks that they must not interfere with the administration.
discrediting the administration doesnt help the party.
police is directly under chief minister mamatabanerjee .
chatterjee also said, while action should be taken against any allegation (against police officers), what i saw on tv yesterday is completely unacceptable.
nobody can take law in their own hands.
there has been allegation by the attackers that police had misbehaved and assaulted them, which provoked the retaliation.
the chetla slum, from where the attackers came, is believed to be a trinamool stronghold.
while some tmc leaders tried to blame bjp for instigating the attack, bjp denied any involvement.
we have no organisation there, a senior leader said.
bjp state spokesperson sayantan basu said, bjp doesnt believe in turning police and administration into a party wing.
kolkata: chief minister mamatabanerjee congratulated h d kumaraswamy over the phone on saturday and later tweeted that the incumbent chief minister of karnataka had invited her to the oath-taking ceremony.
the state secretariat is making arrangements for banerjees visit if she decides to attend the ceremony.
the bengal cm was among the first to congratulate the congress-jd(s) alliance after b s yeddyurappa put in his papers on saturday.
banerjee tweeted: democracy wins.
congratulations karnataka.
congratulations devegowdaji, kumaraswamiji, congress and others.
victory of regional front.
banerjee has been pitching for a regional front for long, advocating a one-on-one contest with bjp nationally.
she has repeatedly asked to give the regional parties room so that they can take on bjp where they are strong.
after the results, with no party managing an absolute majority, she tweeted that an alliance between congress and jd(s) would have made the alliances task of forming government easier.
mamata banerjeedownload the times of india news app for latest citykolkata: bengals residents now have a phone number (9137091370) and a website (www.
didikebolo.com) to take their grievances directly to the states chief executive, chief minister mamatabanerjee the bengal cm announced the number and the website on monday as part of the public outreach programme, jan sanjog yatra, that she had promised during the martyrs day rally at esplanade on july 21.
banerjee also set an ambitious road map for the trinamool congress ahead of the 2021 assembly poll, asking party colleagues to reach out to at least 80  (or 1.
6 crore) families in the state in the next 20 months.
the plans for the two-way connect follow a recent bjp surge in bengal  which has given the party 18 of the states 42 lok sabha seats  and are aimed at countering this, say senior trinamool functionaries.
the inputs will also provide the trinamool headquarters a vast pool of database to help the party micro-target particular sections and groups much better than a more conventional political campaign.
the plans include 1,000 trinamool public representatives and party workers fanning out to 10,000 villages and towns and meeting people to listen to their points of view.
this, say leaders, will help reduce the impression that the trinamool favours a top-down approach.
trinamool representatives have been told not to speak from a dais; they will, instead, reach out to families, dine at booth-level party workers homes, meet three to five prominent neighbourhood persons and spend nights at villages, besides popularising the talk-to-didi number.
hoisting the trinamool flag before leaving an area is an important part of the assignment.
banerjees public outreach programme sounds similar to andhra pradesh cm jagan reddys six-month long praja sankalp programme before the 2019 lok sabha poll, in which he touched a majority of the states constituencies.
bihar cm leader nitish kumar, too, launched the nitish ke 7 nischay programme in 2015, which helped his jd (u) reach 40,000 bihar villages.
the brain behind that campaign was prashant kishor, who was recently roped in by mamatabanerjee to help her party.
several other recent mamatabanerjee moves  reaching out to the opposition for the first time since 2011 and dealing patiently with salt lake trinamool rebel sabyasachi dutta at a recent programme in madhyamgram  have been attributed to kishors inputs.
banerjees speech on monday did not deviate from a written format, sparking speculation that the might have been crafted in consultation with the poll strategist though the cm herself sought to dispel this impression: i did not say anything impromptu because i was quoting numbers and figures.
we are a grassroots party with a presence in 75  of the gram panchayats, panchayat samitis and zilla parishads.
we want to improve the bonding.
banerjee specified that the party programme would run parallel with the redress of public grievances taken up at the administrative level.
mamata mamatabanerjee , stung by defections herself with several of the trinamool congress mps and mlas joining the bjp, dialled the karnataka chief minister last evening and spoke to him over the political crisis in the state, the sources said.
they said it was during this conversation that mamatabanerjee suggested about the protest by opposition parties in parliament on thursday.
it was decided that the protest should be led by some other party than the congress as the grand old party, which is itself embroiled in a leadership crisis, may fail to unite the opposition.
tmc lawmakers then started calling up leaders of other opposition parties, they added.
she (mamata) called up kumaraswamy around 6.
30pm and discussed the situation in the state.
it was then that a plan was drawn to hold a joint protest in parliament premises on thursday over the issue, a source said.
the congress-jd(s) government in karnataka is in a turmoil after several mlas, mostly of the congress, resigned, threatening the stability of the ruling dispensation.
the bharatiya janata party (bjp) has claimed that the state government has been reduced to a minority and demanded kumaraswamy's resignation.
mps from the congress, trinamool congress, samajwadi party, nationalist congress party, rashtriya janata dal and communist party of india (cpi) protested and said that the political crisis in both karnataka and goa was a threat to democracy.
a number of top congress leaders, including sonia gandhi and rahul gandhi , protested near the gandhi statue in the parliament complex.
they shouted slogans, carrying placards with messages like save democracy and stop bulldozing state governments.
in goa, the congress suffered a major setback on wednesday as 10 of its 15 mlas quit the party and joined the bjp.
the congress leadership has blamed the bjp for the desertions from its ranks in both the states.
this story is from february 13, 2019(with agency inputs)make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
* the rally organised by aap chief arvind kejriwal will be attended by west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee , andhra pradesh chief minister n chandrababu naidu, former prime minister h d deve gowda, national conference (nc) leader farooq abdullah and nationalist congress party (ncp) chief sharad pawar, among others.
leaders from the samajwadi party, dravida munnetra kazhagam, rashtriya janata dal, rashtriya lok dal and other parties would address the mega rally.
* the opposition is looking to attack the bjp on various issues, including the recent face-off between mamatabanerjee and the cbi, rafale and other issues at the rally at jantar mantar * aap leader gopal rai said, india is currently passing through a decisive phase.
the modi-shah duo is bent upon destroying the constitution and democracy, which our country succeeded in achieving due to the sacrifices of millions of freedom fighters.
* tmc chief mamatabanerjee had hinted about the rally when she called off her protest against the misuse of power by the centre on february 5 and had said that she would take the fight to delhi.
* the andhra pradesh cm, who staged a protest against the modi government for not giving special category status to his state, on tuesday said there may be a grand alliance at the national level even before the lok sabha elections between parties like the congress, tmc, aap and tdp.
he also said that other secular parties would join the alliance after the elections because of some state-level differences at present.
* several leaders from opposition parties, including arvind kejriwal, former prime minister dr manmohan singh, congress president rahul gandhi , nc chief farroq abdullah and loktantrik janata dal chief sharad yadav visited naidu at the dharna site in delhi's andhra pradesh bhavan.
* aap said an invite has been sent to congress chief rahul gandhi, but he is unlikely to attend the rally.
however, some senior leader from the party is expected to join the opposition.
* there were talks of an alliance between the aap and the congress for the lok sabha polls, but the local leadership of the grand old party is believed to have been against it.
the aap and the congress have been bitter rivals in delhi and punjab.
* rebel bjp mp shatrughan sinha is also expected to attend the rally.
this story is from february 5, 2019make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
kolkata: on may 20, 2011, just after being sworn in as the chief minister, mamatabanerjee had enquired about rajeev kumar, whom she had accused of snooping on opposition leaders before coming to power.
sensing that she might transfer him to a less significant post, officers advised her against it.
eight years on, her decision to sit on a dharna at metro channel to protest against cbis move to question the very kumar has not come as a surprise to them.
in the past eight years, the 1989 batch ips officer earned her confidence and became one of her most-trusted lieutenants and served as bidhannagar and kolkata cp.
she was told he was a visionary officer with modern-day policing skills.
she listened to the advice and the rest is history.
kumar has proved his worth through his policing acumen and deft knowledge of technology.
today, he is one of the closest officers of the cm.
it is not surprising she has come out in full support of kumar, a senior police officer said.
as ssp (cid), kumar is credited with cracking the 2001 khadim abduction case and the probe into 2002 usis attack, kolkatas first brush with jihadi out-fits.
for a long time, he had been under life-threat and had to travel in a vehicle without a licence plate.
a be in computer science , kumar hails from up and his wife is an irs officer.
he was among the officers of kolkata police who set up the stf to probe terrorism and anti-maoist cases.
he is also credited with establishing the cyber security wing.
if he is not working, he is upgrading himself.
nobody can recall kumar being idle.
he is a workaholic and inspires his colleagues to put in their best, said one of his juniors.
kumar had enrolled for phd and even wrote columns briefly.
a fitness enthusiast, he has exercise equipment in his ante-chamber.
he takes short breaks to do push-ups and crunches, said an officer.
kolkata: west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on friday singled out bjp and cpm as trinamool congress' primary opponents, increasing discomfiture in state congress ranks over her growing proximity to party chief sonia gandhi over the coming presidential polls.
addressing the tmc leadership at a closed-door party core committee meeting, she reportedly said: focus on countering bjp and cpm in the state and don't worry about congress as it hardly has any organization.
while she never spelt it out, the congress-trinamool bonhomie can have an impact in bengal on the june 8 rajya sabha elections.
a senior party leader quoted the cm as saying: oder byaparta amar upor chhere din (leave their matter to me).
whatever needs to be said, i will say.
we are working towards a larger opposition bloc with congress in new delhi.
in the state, congress is anyway decimated.
we do not have to speak out against them.
while choosing not to speak about her rajya sabha candidates, banerjee's statement immediately sparked speculation about the complex mathematics that go into electing a rajya sabha member from bengal.
for one rajya sabha seat, a winning candidate requires roughly 41 mlas and one mp to back them.
trinamool, therefore, is in the clear to send five members directly.
of the 44 congress mlas, 39 remain, leaving five fence-sitters who may not have formally joined trinamool but have divorced congress.
left front has 31 mlas.
later in the assembly, the cm walked up to opposition leader and congress mla abdul mannan to ask about his health and advised him to exercise.
ironically, state congress president adhir chowdhury chose to break the ice with estranged party leader manas bhunia in the assembly around the same time.
i have no grudge against you.
it happens in politics.
i have deep regard for you, he told bhunia.
we were told the centre is mooting the idea of holding lok sabha and assembly polls simultaneously.
so we should be prepared for any situation.
we should not be complacent and work towards increasing mass contact of the party and should always be in touch with them, an mp said.
kolkata: it's official.
kolkata municipal corporation is facing the worst financial crisis in 10 years.
the funds crunch was officially admitted at a mayor-in-council meeting on wednesday afternoon.
mayor sovan chatterjee sought the council's permission to borrow rs 400 crore from the market.
this amount is needed immediately to maintain essential civic services as well as fund development and beautification projects.
a desperate civic administration has decided to borrow from nationalized banks since there isn't enough money in kolkata municipal corporation's coffers to continue even routine civic services such as repair roads, remove garbage, de-silt sewer lines, augment water supply and launch malaria eradication drives among other services.
a desperate civic brass has reduced budget allocations for departments like roads, slum development and health.
and,alarm bells have started ringing since revenue generation from different sources has declined to a great extent.
that has forced the mayor to present a rs 352-crore deficit budget for 2011-12 financial year.
the civic cash position is so bad that the kolkata municipal corporation has piled up rs 350 crore in pending bills payable to contractors over the past five months.
this apart, chatterjee has assured chief minister mamatabanerjee that kmc would contribute to the riverfront beautification project.
we need to pay rs 18 crore for it immediately, said a kmc official.
the civic coffer has been dwindled after kmc spent rs 300 crore since december on a cosmetic upgrade to the city - relaying roads, beautifying parks and pavements and installing fancy street lights.
most of this spending was avoidable, say kmc officials.
illuminating major thoroughfares with decorative lights in addition to conventional streetlights has pushed up our annual electricity bills to rs 350 crore from rs 240 crore, an official of the kolkata municipal corporation said.
civic officials also term the mayor's decision to takeover uttam mancha, renovate sarat sadan and spend on cultural programmes as wasteful expenditure.
besides, the corporation will have to shell out another rs 200 crore a year when it takes up responsibilities like maintaining roads, lighting streets and bridges from the kolkata metropolitan development authority, hrbc, kmw&sa and public works department.
the mayor has urged the state government to bail it out sent an sos to the state government urging it to bailout kmc from the financial crisis at a time when the state wants a central bailout package.
mayor sovan chatterjee on wednesday conceded that the civic body was in search of funds to carry on a number of development projects.
kmc's financial status:cash reserve in may 2010: rs 400 crorecash in hand in july: rs 100 crorebudget allocation for 2011-12: rs 3223 croredeficit: rs 352 croreurgently needs rs: 400 crorereason: to continue essential civic services and take up riverfront beautification project.
takes the decision to borrow rs 400 crore from nationalised banks.
this story is from february 12, 2019download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
the apartment was allocated to mukul roy as a trinamool congress mp and, ironically, it was cbis eight-hour grilling of roy days before that had driven the wedge between her and her once-trusted lieutenant.
banerjee now stays in the next-door apartment, 183 south avenue, which is allocated to her nephew and mp abhishek banerjee.
sources say a pil is now likely to be moved before the delhi high court claiming roy is an unauthorised occupant at taxpayers expense and should be asked to vacate the premises.
a recent rti reply has reportedly shown that roy has overstayed in this apartment, sources claimed.
according to rti findings, roy had resigned from rajya sabha on october 11, 2017 and that his allocation was cancelled on november 12, 2017.
roy, however, was permitted a months grace that is permissible under the rules.
the rti reply further reveals that on roys request, the chairman, house committee had granted him an extension from november 12, 2017 to december 31, 2018 on payment of market rent.
lawyer sanjay basu said: it is evident he (roy) continues to illegally overstay.
one can move a pil before the delhi high court.
roy, who is also in delhi, said: i have been allotted this apartment as per my entitlement as an mp.
the extension allotted is also as per rules.
i stay here having paid all my dues as per norms.
they can claim anything.
the move dont appear to be a sudden one.
banerjees attempts to forge a united opposition is taking her to delhi on tuesday.
her address now is next door to roy, who has not only defected to bjp but is the partys chief election strategist in west bengal.
the bitterness has now plummeted to a new low now amid the ongoing cbi-kolkata police stand-off.
mukherjee, banerjees personal aide, who had moved out her belongings that february morning, has been questioned by cbi.
the cm holds her septuagenarian aide in high esteem.
basu argues: according to apex court rulings, the inordinate extensions provided to mukul roy is much beyond the stipulated timeline as per the housing committee rules.
proceedings should immediately be initiated against him under public premises (eviction of unauthorised occupants) act, 1971.
kolkata: there is finally hope at the end of the tunnel for people waiting for baranagar and dakshineswar to be connected to the metro network.
the state government has taken the first step towards rehabilitation of squatters holding up work between noapara and dakshineswar.
land has been identified in the kamarhati municipality where 202 families will be relocated by the end of 2017.
we have identified land that belongs to kmda.
the matter is now at the proposal stage after which it will be handed over to the kamarhati municipality.
we shall follow the same model as the south dum dum municipality , where rs 30 crore was spent to rehabilitate people who are to be evicted.
chief minister mamatabanerjee is monitoring the process herself.
this is the last hurdle for extension of the metro network up to dakshineswar and we hope to clear the land by december 31 this year, said transport minister suvendu adhikari, who visited the area recently.
according to metro officials, the commissioning date of the 4km stretch between noapara and dakshineswar will depend on when the land is finally handed over to the implementing agency.
we can't set a deadline at the moment.
if land is handed over in a phasewise manner, we can start work in stretches.
in 2016, after 148 families occupying a plot in baranagar were relocated, metro had hoped to commission the stretches up to dakshineswar and the airport from noapara by june, 2018.
however, trouble started after 202 families from an illegal settlement known as rajiv nagar in the kamarhati municipality area refused to move to a plot selected for them.
some of them even moved court, claiming that the land they were being offered is unsuitable.
though encroachments along the noapara-airport stretch have been removed, the deadline was missed after the airports authority of india sought time to shift some utilities.
according to a metro official, if work in a phase-wise manner in the noapara-dakshineswar stretch were to start soon, there is hope of it being commissioned some time in december, 2018, or january, 2019.
the noapara-airport stretch is also likely to be commissioned then.
this story is from february 6, 2019crpf jawans at cgo complexdownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
kolkata: more than 80 crpf jawans continued to be posted at the cbi offices at cgo complex and nizam palace on tuesday even after chief minister mamatabanerjee called off her satyagraha after the supreme court order.
guardrails were still placed at the multiple entries to both the cgo complex and nizam palace and several personnel stood guard with assault rifles and batons.
every vehicle, unless it belonged to a senior official, was checked before allowed to go past the makeshift security details.
the tension might have eased, but the crpf personnel manning the cbi offices would not be withdrawn immediately, a senior crpf officer indicated.
explicit orders had been given from north block for the crpf deployment in and around cbi offices in kolkata.
we will remain till further orders, the officer said, denying reports that the crpf deployment was made after an sos from the cbis joint-director (kolkata zone) pankaj srivastava.
opinion, however, is split on whether deployments of central paramilitary forces can be made without the states consent or not.
a senior state (home) department officer said, central armed forces, including crpf, can be deployed only to aid a states police force.
during emergency, the constitution was amended to permit centre to dispatch and deploy central forces without the state consent.
however, in december 1978, the morarji desai government reintroduced this state consent clause.
a nabanna official said that in 2018, mha had asked the states to set up a committee to decide on the central force deployment in their respective states keeping in mind two factors: internal security and intelligence inputs.
law and order is a state subject, the official reiterated.
it is but natural that a state is consulted before such deployment for the state has to pay for the crpf deployment.
both kolkata police and bidhanngar police refused to comment.
former ips officer nazrul islam argued: it is the centres duty to protect its officers during disturbances.
the way cbi officers were taken into custody by kolkata police and the cbi office was gheraoed, the situation wouldnt have been normalised without central forces being deployed.
former advocate-general barrister bimal chatterjee, however, felt without proclamation of emergency, deployment of central force is improper.
though in some disturbed areas, like darjeeling or jangalmahal, central forces are deployed on the request of the state to maintain law and order, the ex-ag said.
haldia/kolkata: mamatabanerjee may well have a shot in the arm on the industrial front ahead of the 2019 lok sabha election.
the state government is in the final stage to hand over 90 acres land to mcpi (p), now owned by tcg group of purnendu chatterjee, which would trigger an investment of over rs 4,000 crore in the next few years.
the investment can be escalated to even rs 10,000 crore over a period of time.
on the sidelines of mcci destination haldia forum 2018, state transport minister subhendu adhikary told toi that tcg wanted 90 acres for the expansion of mitsubishi plant which now is almost ready.
we are now in a position to hand over the land.
tcg has already submitted a detailed project report (dpr) for the expansion.
the total investment could be rs 4,000 crore, which may go up further, he added.
tcg chairman purnendu chatterjee had promised to pump in a major investment in mcpi during the cms uk trip last year.
a tcg official said after getting the land the group would apply for environmental clearance and would look for an appropriate technology for the project.
chief minister mamatabanerjee had requested chatterjee to invest further in mcpi plant and he had agreed to do that.
state finance and industries minister amit mitra had earlier said that mcpi does not have a downstream ecosystem like haldia petrochemicals (hpl) for which a continuous polymerisation (cp) is needed.
we need a continuous polymerisation (cp) unit at mcpi.
this will have a huge multiplier effect.
now, the entire production of mcpi went to surat in gujarat, as there is no buyer here, a top state government official added.
japanese giant mitsubishi had sold mcc pta to tcg at a time the company went to the board for industrial & financial reconstruction (bifr) following a complete erosion of networth.
the firms accumulated losses were close to rs 4,000 crore during that period.
however, after the change of hands, the ailing polymer unit  with a capacity of 1.
2 million tonne  is on the way to recovery.
it is learnt that tcg will set up a cp unit and a spinning unit.
as a forward integration of mcpi.
from spinning, we shall get fabrics, which can be used in small textile units here, a state official elaborated.
according to him, this investment has the potential to create five lakh jobs.
besides, mcpi expansion adhikary later said that it has got eight more proposals with a combined investment of rs 2,000-3,000 crore.
for these projects, we need an additional 119 acres of land, which we can provide, he added.
police operation in jangalmahal would be restricted to arms recovery alone, she said, and promised to withdraw forces once peace was restored.
the cm reiterated the government's offer for talks and called upon all stakeholders in jangalmahal to surrender arms.
she also announced a case-by-case inquiry intothe atrocities committed by the erstwhile left front government.
the announcement came a day after home minister p chidambaram backed mamata's stand on stalling operations in jangalmahal to make way for peace talks.
the union home minister had said on wednesday: the dgp (of west bengal) told us that the level of violence has come down to nearly zero.
and there are perhaps suggestions that some kind of talks can take place.
barely four days ago, pcpa sympathizers in kolkata had burnt mamata's effigy and rights activists had slammed the re-arrest of pcpa leader manoj mahato who was out on bail.
five companies of crpf were shifted out of jangalmahal to andhra on wednesday.
at thursday's press conference at writers' buildings, the chief minister read out the seven-point resolution adopted for jangalmahal.
without uttering the word 'maoists', she said: those who will surrender arms will be rehabilitated and offered special financial packages.
i shall visit jangalmahal in a day or two.
we will take with us a package for social and financial uplift of the area.
the cm has formed a team of civil society members to accompany her on the peace mission.
the group includes sujato bhadra, debashis bhattacharya, kalyan rudra, ashokendu sengupta, chhotan das and prasoon bhowmik.
it was not immediately clear if the government is inviting maoists for talks at this juncture.
the cm would only say: we have chosen a group of individuals who will work on behalf of the government (to initiate peace talks).
as per thursday's resolution, the government is, in all earnestness, ready for discussions for the sake of peace.
it requests the group led by sujato bhadra to take the initiative.
neither did the cm elaborate on the 46 prisoners scheduled for immediate release.
sources said they could be among the 83 accorded the status of political prisoners by different courts under the west bengal correctional services act 1992.
since not too many cpi(maoist) office bearers, such former state secretary somen or telugu dipak, are among the 83 political prisoners, the committee is expected to start with those from jangalmahal, who have petty charges on them.
nusratnusratnusratnusratkolkata: bengali actress-turned mpjahan on thursday attended the international society for krishna consciousness (iskcon) rath yatra event in kolkata along with her husband nikhil jain.
like every year, the event was inaugurated by chief minister mamatabanerjee was invited to this year's event and iskcon said that the actress was showing the way forward to achieving social harmony.
sporting a traditional look in a saree, 'mangalsutra' and bangles, the newly-wed trinamool mp took part in all the rituals along with mamatabanerjee and other dignitaries who participated in the chariot festival.
i'm fortunate to be invited by iskcon and am really proud to be a part of the event.
west bengal celebrates all religious events together without any communal differences, said, whose wedding reception is scheduled to be held at a five star hotel here in the evening.
she highlighted her party's vision, saying that they all follow the path of peace and brotherhood as shown by 'didi' (mamata banerjee).
the actress also vouched for unity and secularism, which she feels is an important aspect of the state.
i will pray to lord jagannath for the well-being of all the people of west bengal.
i wish everyone comes together to pull the lord's chariot,said.
this year iskcon is celebrating the 48th edition of the chariot festival in the state capital.
mamata mamatabanerjee (file photo)i am deeply shocked by the incident relating to v g siddhartha, coffee cafe day founder.
it is indeed very sad and very unfortunate.
(1/9)  mamatabanerjee (@mamataofficial) 1564564535000from what he has expressed, it appears that he was greatly depressed due to harassment and pressure from different https://t.
co/372k05vwii  mamatabanerjee (@mamataofficial) 1564564563000i hear from different sources that captains of industry in the country are under pressure; some of them have left t https://t.
co/s6rflcddcy  mamatabanerjee (@mamataofficial) 1564564602000kolkata: west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on wednesday described the death of ccd owner v g siddhartha as very unfortunate.
she said that the coffee baron was depressed due of harassment from different agencies, failed to run his business and finally gave up.
mamata likened the incident to businessmen contemplating to leave the country in the face of huge pressure at a time when oppositon political parties were afraid of horse trading and harassment for political vendetta.
i am deeply shocked by the incident relating to v g siddhartha, coffee cafe day founder.
it is indeed very sad and very unfortunate.
from what he has expressed (in his letter), it appears that he was greatly depressed due to harassment and pressure from different agencies for which he could not run his business in a peaceful manner, mamatabanerjee wrote on her facebook wall wednesday.
i hear from different sources that captains of industry in the country are under pressure; some of them have left the country and some are contemplating to move out.
all the opposition political parties are afraid of horse trading and harassment with political vendetta, mamatabanerjee stated extending her condolences to siddhartha's family members.
the trinamool congress supremo said at a time when the economic growth of the country has nosedived to the lowest in the first quarter of the 2018-19 and unemployment has reached the highest level, the centre is mulling options to disinvest government assets.
the overall economy is in bad shape with the common people suffering the most.
industry and agriculture and creation of employment is the future of our country.
if industry is demoralised, then there will be no economic and employment growth.
as a result, more and more people will become jobless, she added.
the west bengal chief minister appealed the centre to work in a peaceful manner to help the people live in confidence and political vendetta and agencies do not destroy the future of the country.
my appeal to the government is that when you have been elected, you have to work in a peaceful manner so that people are confident and that political vendetta and agencies do not destroy the future of the country, mamatabanerjee wrote.
the centre is attempting to disinvest government assets from ordnance factory board to bsnl, from air india to railways, from chittaranjan locomotive works to alloy steel plant in durgapur and about 45 more public sector undertakings, she said.
the body of cafe coffee day founder v g siddhartha, who went missing, was found on wednesday in the netravati river in dakshina kannada district of karnataka after 36 hours of intense search, officials said.
the body had washed ashore near ullal and was fished out by local fishermen.
kolkata: two leading experts from the uk have lent their support to the march for conservation of kolkatas built heritage scheduled on wednesday.
philip davies is a fellow of the royal historical society, a heritage and planning consultant and former director of historic england , and james simpson is a member of numerous boards and committees in scotland, including the ancient monuments board, the royal commission on the ancient and historic monuments of scotland and the edinburgh world heritage trust.
davies wondered why civic officials in kolkata fail to recognise the worth of its built heritage.
kolkata is one of the worlds great historic cities.
its remarkable heritage is enshrined in the very fabric of its buildings, neighbourhoods and public places.
they desperately need strong statutory protection.
what is happening is a scandal.
the strand road warehouses have stood vacant and decaying on a prime central riverside site for over 50 years losing crores in potential revenue, he said.
the buildings that once made kolkata world-famous as a city of palaces are threatened with crass new development.
where is the vision?
where is the strategy?
it is time for action not words, davies added.
simpson said he was glad that a lively campaign for kolkatas heritage, led by a number of influential figures like writer amit chaudhuri, has begun.
he believes kolkata is at the crossroads which edinburgh faced 50 years ago, having to choose between conservation and renewal.
on her visit last november, bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee was impressed with what she learned about edinburghs tourist economy.
many have expressed the view that kolkata could be a world heritage city , yet unlike rajasthan and other parts of india, it has no tourism, he said.
simpson is also of the view that cities like kolkata, that were created in the colonial era, should be regarded as shared heritage and the british who created it should take some responsibility.
denmark has already taken the lead in this aspect, having restored a dozen buildings in the former danish trading post of serampore, including st olavs lutheran church.
the asia scotland trust is working with owners of a few scottish buildings in the city to set a standard by following the danes in delivering exemplary projects, simpson added.
times viewa city's buildings are not merely physical structures; they represent its history, its culture and its aspirations and are apointer to its financial health as well.
it would be a shame if we fail to hold on to what is left of our rich architectural heritage.
this story is from january 22, 2019kmc on monday said it would crack down on hawkers using plastic sheets to cover their makeshift stalls or ware.
.
.
read moredownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
kolkata: smarting under the back-to-back fires in hawker-infested city markets, kmc on monday said it would crack down on hawkers using plastic sheets to cover their makeshift stalls or wares in the gariahat fire , like the one at bagri market only four months ago, plastic-covered dalas propagated the fire, preliminary probe indicated.
this was also said to be the cause of the march 2012 blaze at hatibagan market.
mayor firhad hakim on monday said an instruction was sent to kmcs market department officials to convey to the hawkers the message of a plastic ban.
if the hawkers come forward and cooperate with us to prevent fire hazards, its fine.
otherwise, we may have to implement it without delay, hakim said.
hawker union secretary debraj ghosh said: we held a meeting today with hawkers and will meet the mayor on tuesday.
among the proposals we want to place is a study by a denmarkbased group, which had mooted the use of fire-proof tarpaulin sheets instead of plastic.
hakim said chief minister mamatabanerjee had called him during the day and asked him to take effective steps for the affected hawkers.
based on my conversation with the cm, we have decided to offer rs 20,000 to each affected hawker.
we will rely on gariahat police station to come up with a list of hawkers whose stalls have been gutted, he said.
the hawkers union says 49 hawkers have been affected in the blaze.
the chief minister also called up ratan saha, owner of traders assembly, and assured him of help.
kmc, too, has been helping us, saha said.
a section of kmcs solid waste management department officials felt that lack of vigil on part of the police and civic bodys market department inspectors had been causing a bigger damage to premier markets.
the ban on plastic to cover stalls has been a rule since long, said an official.
had we been more vigilant, the fire could have been prevented.
one of the solutions to could be providing hawkers with stalls on wheels, which could be transported away at closing time every day, said a civic official.
in fact, the mayor himself said on monday that such movable stalls would be given to affected hawkers in gariahat.
a section of hawkers, however, is opposed to the idea.
ajay de, who sells bags, said it was not possible for him to use such stalls without a clear demarcation of space each hawker will be allotted after a survey to be conducted by kmc.
this idea will work for food hawkers, but not for us, de said.
this story is from december 25, 2018k chandrasekhara rao at west bengal secretariat as part of proposal to form third frontmake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
kolkata: telangana chief minister k chandrasekhar rao called on his west bengal counterpart, mamatabanerjee , for a second time at nabanna on monday afternoon, his mission being the setting up of a non-bjp, non-congress alternative with regional players.
banerjee gave kcr a hearing and discussed developments across the country.
the trinamool chief is keeping her doors open to all anti-bjp forces who want to unite against the saffron party with or without congress.
i have come on a mission.
the mission is to float a non-bjp, non-congress secular alternative at the centre.
i came to didi some time ago.
i have again come to take her blessings.
we discussed matters of mutual interest, national issues.
the dialogue is on.
i will continue with my efforts and we will soon come up with a concrete plan, the telangana cm and trs chief said after meeting mamata.
we are not in a hurry.
the dialogue is on and i will soon give you good news, kcr said at nabanna.
on sunday, kcr had held talks with odisha cm naveen patnaik .
patnaik maintains a distance from bjp but has never been close to congress.
banerjee, however, doesnt want to commit to the final shape of an anti-bjp bloc.
she has invited 21 parties, including congress, to the kolkata rally on january 19 and is not in a mood to lose any of the parties.
hyderabad: who will head the third front being cobbled up by telangana chief minister k chandrasekhar rao as an alternative to bjp and congress?
from the way he has conducted himself in the last two days, chandrasekhar rao has made it amply clear he will be leading the non-congress and non-bjp coalition.
but, west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee is also on the same job of bringing various political parties on a single platform.
the issue now is who will agree to work under whom.
lets not get ahead of the story.
leadership and egos are not the issue, derek o'brien, trinamool congress parliamentary party leader and rajya sabha member, told toi.
mamata mamatabanerjee is in touch with all senior leaders across the country.
they too are in touch with her, he said when contacted.
according to derek o'brien, some years ago, mamatabanerjee herself initiated the idea of a federal formation to remove bjp from power.
trs too sought to downplay the issue as to who will lead the non-congress, non-bjp coalition.
in so far as chief minister chandrasekhar rao is concerned, he will work with anyone.
leadership of the front is not a question at this stage and neither will it be in future.
the cm has taken up a cause of farmers and he wants to work for their benefit, said trs spokesman karne prabhakar meanwhile on monday, ajit jogi, former chief minister of chhattisgarh and leader of janata congress , called up chandrasekhar rao to express solidarity with him on the issue of bringing about a qualitative change in politics.
according a note from the cmo, ajit jogi expressed willingness to be part of the front.
he also told kcr he would gather support of like-minded people for the proposed front.
though it is not clear at this stage, once it become clear who will all be part of the front, a public meeting has been planned by the trs wherein leaders of all parties will participate to showcase their strength as an alternative to congress and bjp.
chandrasekhar rao in his preparation for his role in national politics will hold a series of meetings with economists and experts from different fields in various cities.
he will hold these meetings in delhi, mumbai, chennai, kolkata, bengaluru and other cities.
meetings will also be held with retired civil servants, retired defence personnel, legal luminaries, advocates, farmers associations and retired central services officers employees associations in all states.
he will also meet retired finance secretaries, media houses, industrial houses, and labour organizations.
chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjeekolkata/singur: chief minister mamatabanerjee has iterated her governments commitment towards the welfare of singur farmers who helped her come to power in 2011.
she also wrote about her governments resolve to promote industry in bengal.
today marks the third anniversary of the historic day when our govt of #bangla handed over to farmers the parchas of land forcibly acquired in singur, mamatabanerjee posted on her twitter handle on saturday morning to mark the third anniversary of the return of singur land acquired for setting up the nano factory following the supreme court order in 2016.
the chief minister, on this day, had handed over land documents to 9,117 farmers and cheques to 806 unwilling farmers.
banerjee had been fighting against forcible land acquisition by the left front government for the nano factory since 2006.
we reiterate our commitment to the welfare of farmers, alongside promoting industry, the cm wrote.
however, there was no activity on the ground by trinamool in singur on saturday when murmurs of discontent are on the rise in the area.
in all these three years, singur farmers have been able to bring 350 acres out of the total 997.
11 acres of land under farming.
we will hold a meeting at the singur block development office on monday to find ways to bring the total land under boro cultivation, said agriculture adviser to cm pradip majumdar.
promises apart, a sizeable section of singur farmers has given up on farming and is looking up to industry.
tmc leaders becharam manna and rabindranath bhattacharya couldnt mobilise even the unwilling farmers who continue to enjoy the monthly government dole of rs 2,000 and 16 kg rice on september 11, a day before the sfi-dyfi rally from singur on september 12.
the purpose was to convince farmers that there is no hope of industry at the moment after the downturn in the automobile sector.
but there were few takers for the trinamool argument.
kolkata: a patient reportedly died as medical services at a state-run hospital here remained hit for the third consecutive day with junior doctors on strike and local people threatening to gherao them for the restoration of services.
local people near the national medical college and hospital threatened to gherao the 300 junior doctors who went on strike on thursday night following alleged assault of colleagues after the death of a patient, police said.
the locals also alleged that a patient had died at the hospital as medical services had been crippled.
a section of nurses has also joined the stir.
the junior doctors stuck to their demand for the personal intervention of chief minister mamatabanerjee , who also holds the health portfolio, to address their grievances and arrange for proper security.
the hospital authorities were not available for comment.
director of medical education, sushanta bandopadhay had yesterday said doctors might be requisitioned from other hospitals due to the ongoing strike.
patients are being taken to other hospitals as medical services remain affected at the medical college.
the cm said the centre was trying to discriminate against people on the basis of religion.
download the times of india news app for latest citykolkata: chief minister mamatabanerjee on friday accused the bjp-led centre of maligning the west bengal government over the madrassa issue.
the centre, she told the assembly, was pursuing a political agenda and accused it of placing misleading reports in parliament on madrassas being used for radicalisation and recruitment in two districts of bengal.
the cms reaction came days after the union home ministry on july 2 said banned terror outfit jamaat-ul-mujahideen bangladesh was using some madrassas in burdwan and murshidabad for radicalization and recruitment.
answering a question by tmc mla nargis begum, the cm said: on june 28, goi (government of india) asked us whether madrassas are terror camps.
we replied that such questions dont arise.
how can they ignore our version and include their version?
i am sorry to say the ruling party at the centre, bjp, is maligning the state government.
this is maligning an entire community.
the cm further said the centre was trying to discriminate against people on the basis of religion.
a terrorist is a terrorist and he or she cannot have any religion.
she added that there was no freedom of press in the country, and her party was planning to bring a bill to protect mediapersons.
the cm also strongly protested the centres refusal to change the states name to bangla.
the resolution was passed in the assembly.
whatever clarification was required from us, we clarified.
still, they have not cleared this, she said.
banerjee added that bangla language is the fifth largest spoken language in the world.
new delhi: taking cognisance of the ongoing nationwide protest by the medical fraternity over violence against doctors, union health minister harsh vardhan appealed to west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee to not make this a prestige issue and rather ensure an amicable end to the stir.
the entire country is being adversely affected due to developments in west bengal and therefore ensuring an amicable end to the agitation will be beneficial and is strongly warranted, vardhan wrote in a letter to banerjee.
he added, it is a matter of concern that the agitation of the doctors in west bengal is not heading towards resolution but seems to be getting aggravated.
better communication with the doctors and a compassionate approach to take care of the genuine problems being faced by them in day-to-day functioning would definitely be helpful in tiding over the crisis which has been created.
vardhan also met a delegation of doctors from aiims resident doctor association and assured steps will be taken to ensure their safety.
he also urged agitating doctors, particularly in west bengal, to hold symbolic protests and resume work so that patients do not suffer.
strike is certainly not the best way to protest.
patients should not be deprived of immediate and emergency healthcare facilities, vardhan said.
junior doctors in west bengal are on a strike since tuesday after two of their colleagues were attacked and seriously injured allegedly by the relatives of a patient who died at nrs medical college and hospital in kolkata.
vardhan said the mamatabanerjee must act in a sensitive manner in such a grave scenario.
he urged the chief minister to intervene in resolving the current impasse and take steps to provide a secure working environment for doctors in west bengal.
kolkata: trinamool congress mp and actor tapas paul met party secretary general partha chatterjee on wednesday to say that his medical condition had prevented him from attending parliament and doing party work.
this was pauls first formal interaction with the party leadership after being released on bail by the orissa high court on february 1.
he is like an elder brother to me.
so, i came to meet him.
i apprised him of my medical condition and said i had been advised rest.
i will plunge myself in party work once i am fit to do so, paul told reporters after meeting chatterjee at his naktala home.
according to sources, he expressed his wish to meet chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjee.
in april 2017, the cm had flown to bhubaneswar to meet party mps sudip bandyopadhyay and paul, who was then in custody while being treated in a private hospital.
sources said paul went to chatterjees home to remove misgivings that while he had resumed acting, he wasnt medically fit to take up party work.
cinema is my blood.
that is all that i do, paul told reporters.
he claimed chatterjee had conveyed to him that he should get fit before taking up party work.
paul has also expressed his willingness to campaign for the party in the upcoming panchayat polls.
download the times of india news app for latest citykolkata: the continuous switching of sides by councillors in north 24 parganas  often ending in dogfights as was evident in bongaon municipality on tuesday  has prompted the bjp central leadership to call a chintan baithak (brainstorming session) in kolkata in the first week of august.
the meet will identify issues and carve out a strategy for bengal bjp to consolidate its gains in the lok sabha polls and project bjp as a party with a difference.
a section in state bjp has flagged its concerns over the recent overdrive by some senior leaders to poach representatives of other parties.
bengal bjp president dilip ghosh, along with some state seniors, has already slammed the brakes on induction without scanning.
ghosh has made it clear organisers should consult at the appropriate level  district, state or central  before exhibiting the trailers of a film.
on june 24, bjp leader mukul roy had said yeh trailer hai, film abhi baki hai, a popular one-liner, after one more tmc mla and 10 zilla parishad members joined bjp in delhi.
bjps central leadership has taken note of the recent developments in kanchrapara, halisahar and dakshin dinajpur, where some trinamool representatives who had joined bjp in delhi returned to tmc within days of their joining.
bjp hasnt closed the doors on people from other parties, but it wants bengal leaders to focus on people to make a difference with other parties in public life.
to begin with, bjp has planned a major block-level demonstration in the districts on the delivery of goods under central schemes.
bjp state general secretary sayantan basu and former police superintendent bharati ghosh led a rally in keshpur on tuesday in the run-up to the district-wise programme on july 18.
we will ask block development officers to publish the list of a number of sanctioned schemes in a block.
it is our experience that some sanctioned rural housing schemes are being stopped by trinamool-run panchayats because target beneficiaries are not shelling out rs 20,000 as cut money to local leaders, basu said.
state bjp leaders maintain the demonstration against village-level corruption is gaining public traction as is evident from the rising demand for return of cut money.
leaders have asked bjp-run panchayats to maintain 100  transparency in delivery of goods so that people feel the difference.
along with panchayat corruption, bengal bjp is going to take up chit fund scams in the state, where a lot of poor people from the districts have been victims of fraud.
the idea is to grab public sentiment before trinamool chief mamatabanerjee takes the wind out of its sails through her return cut money message to tmc representatives.
our party has taken a decision not to allow fdi in retail in west bengal .
of the 10 crore people in the state, nearly 5 crore are associated  either directly or indirectly  with retail.
we can't allow their interests to be affected.
the state will have to look after their interests.
we won't allow fdi in retail to come into west bengal, she said at a meeting in howrah.
state finance minister amit mitra echoed the chief minister.
we have no evidence to sup-port that it (retail fdi) will be beneficial for small businessmen, he said.
in new delhi, trinamool congress stuck to its opposition to fdi in retail, adding to the problems of the upa government, which also faced resistance to the move from its southern ally, dmk.
trinamool parliamentary party leader sudip bandyopadhyay expressed displeasure at not being consulted before the decision was taken.
there seems to be no system in upa 2 to discuss anything with allies before a decision is taken, he said.
mamata had made a similar allegation after petrol prices were recently hiked.
the left also opposed the fdi move.
during a rally at rani rashmoni road on monday, left front chairman biman bose endorsed a traders' bandh against retail fdi on december 1.
terming the move an anti-people step, bose said, the front supports the bandh as the centre's decision will affect crores of small retailers and their families whose livelihood is under threat.
kolkata: two stretches of the citys metro, set to become functional in 2018, may change the way kolkatans commute daily.
the first phase of the east-west metro will be thrown open to commuters by the middle of next year.
similarly, the first phase of the new garia-airport will also be completed by the end of 2018.
kolkatans will have a hang of what is going to be the second biggest metro network after delhi.
.
the coming year is will be metro momentum year, with the bengal government having played a crucial role in removing major impediments on the way of metro corridors  mostly making requisite land available.
we hope to expedite most of the metro projects which were limping due land issues.
well run metro along all the alignments by 2021, said asenior metro official.
while the first phase of the east-west metro  from sector vin salt lake to phoolbagan in east kolkata  is scheduled to be thrown open in june 2018, the new garia - airport stretch is likely to start in december 2018.
both stretches, though not completely, will alleviate the trauma of travelling across the city significantly.
thanks to the crucial shift towards state railways cooperation, the metro corridors are taking shape in a significant manner.
all alignments were conceived and announced by chief minister mamatabanerjee back when she was the union railways minister in 2010-11.
we have now overcome most of the hurdles.
once the entire network is ready, commuting will witness a revolution.
a lot of pressure will be off the road and emission load will reduce substantially, said narayan swarup nigam, state nodal officer, metro affairs.
with the metro alignments inching towards reality, bengal transport department is also focusing on modal rationalization.
once the alignments are functional, several bus and auto routes parallel to them will be unviable.
were working on the synergy of modes of transport.
what well require is several vertical and latitudinal routes from the alignments in tune with the metro network, said a senior traffic and transportation engineer.
efforts are afoot to integrate multiple modes  metro, circular railway, bus, tram, ferry through a common ticketing system, modelled on oyster card of transport for london.
this will facilitate seamless modal shift for passenger.
the state transport department already met with kolkata metro rail corporation, kolkata metro railway to make this common ticketing a reality.
ballia: an uttar pradesh bjp mla has warned west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee to mend her ways or get ready to meet the same fate as former finance minister p chidambaram who is currently lodged in jail.
the mla from bairia assembly constituency surendra singh said the trinamool congress supremo should become the prime minister of bangladesh as she was opposed to the national register of citizens (nrc).
the statements made by mamatabanerjee against the nrc show that she is backed by foreign forces, singh told reporters here on saturday on the sidelines of a 'krishi mela'.
it seems that mamatabanerjee is forgetting that bad days are approaching her.
she should change her language and behaviour otherwise she will meet the same fate as congress leader p chidambaram, he said.
on september 13, mamatabanerjee took out a rally in kolkata against the nrc in assam after the final list was released on august 31 which left out 19 lakh people.
after the rally, the tmc chief had said that she would never allow the centre to conduct a similar exercise in west bengal.
singh, however, said: if mamatabanerjee wants to do politics by protecting the infiltrators from bangladesh then she should become the prime minister of bangladesh.
in bengal, lord ram and lord hanuman respectively in form of amit shah and yogi adityanath have appeared, and in the next assembly elections, there will be a change of power in the state, he added.
this story is from january 20, 2019file photo of samajwadi party chief akhilesh yadav.
bjp forged an alliance with cbi, eddownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
lucknow: a week after formally joining hands with bahujan samaj party and rashtriya lok dal in uttar pradesh for the 2019 lok sabha polls, samajwadi party chief akhilesh yadav on saturday hinted at the possibility of a bigger alliance taking shape at the national level.
addressing a mega opposition rally hosted by trinamool congress chief mamatabanerjee in kolkata, akhilesh said there was enough scope for other parties to join the alliance.
talking about the historic sp-bsp joint press conference, akhilesh said, only three parties have come together and bjp is rattled.
remove bjp to save constitution: bspbahujan samaj party leader and rajya sabha mp satish chandra mishra said on saturday that the bjp-led nda government must be removed from power to save the indian constitution.
speaking at rally in kolkata, mishra said, agar baba sahab ke dwara banaye gaye bhartiya samvidhan ko bachana hai, toh bjp aur unke sathiyon ki nda sarkar ko kendra se hatana hoga, bhagana hoga.
p 6yeh to abhi kum dalon ka gathbandhan hai.
abhi yeh zada dalon ka gathbandhan nahi hai.
humne to aapse seekha hai.
abhi to bahut gunjaish hai (as of now only few parties have come together.
we have learnt this alliance technique from you (bjp).
there is a lot of scope for other parties to join in), he said.
the former up chief minister said bjp entered into an alliance with 40 parties to form a government at the centre and this was inspiration enough for other parties to come together at kolkata to present an alternative.
and despite an alliance with 40 parties, bjp forged an alliance with cbi and enforcement directorate as elections are round the corner, he said.
dropping broad hints on how alliance partners would decide their prime ministerial candidate, akhilesh for the first time indicated the alliance partner which get maximum seats after elections can stake claim to the pms chair.
bjp often makes fun of opposition parties, saying they have many grooms (prime ministerial candidates), but it is the people who will choose the groom, he said.
till now, akhilesh has been evasive about a possible prime ministerial candidate, stating it will be decided only after election results are announced.
without naming pm modi, akhilesh said bjp has only one name for the pm and dont have a choice.
if they have another candidate, they should come up with the name, he said.
when her family shifted back to kolkata nine years ago from crewe  a town near manchester in the uk  life changed drastically for ananya maity and her sister.
it wasn't easy for them to abide by the decision of their doctor father and homemaker mother and step into the unknown, leaving all their friends behind.
on monday, her life took another turn  she got the news that she had topped the indian school certificate (isc) exam 2017, missing 100  marks by a whisker.
ananya scored 99.
5 !
in a candid chat with ct at her narendrapur residence on tuesday evening, the 18-year-old revealed that the bus ride to school is the best part of her day; that she doesn't have any regrets in life, except not having enough ice cream; that she doesn't believe in the rat race and that all the attention she's getting now will die down in a week.
people are calling me up from everywhere.
i'm not complaining, but it would be nice if things were a bit more peaceful, said the avid reader, who also told us that she could never study for more than six-seven hours a day.
excerpts from the chat:after the results were declared on monday morning, ananya started receiving call after call from friends and family members.
there were so many that she stopped attending the calls after a while and asked her father to take over.
but around 6 pm on tuesday, one call swept her off her feet.
it was from bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee .
she congratulated me and told something about a meeting, said ananya, who was apparently so excited during the conversation that she forgot most part of it.
the second special call she received was from the kolkata police commissioner, rajeev kumar.
they even sent me a cake, she told us with a smile.
ananya believes that the best conversation one can have is with a book, and she's not at all superstitious.
but the turn of events on monday morning has forced her to deem a train lucky  the one she and her family were travelling in from santiniketan to kolkata on monday morning after a vacation.
i didn't want to check my result in the train, but after some time, our principal called up my father to tell him that i was the national isc topper.
i couldn't believe it at first, but when my father hugged me, i realised it was true, she said.
then people in the train started congratulating her, several shaking her hand.
the first calls i made were to my teachers.
as i'd never taken any private tuition, it's their hard work that helped me excel, ananya said.
after securing more than 95  marks in the class x board exams, she never felt the urge to jump into a tried and tested profession and join the rat race.
after all, she's grown up watching her father  a doctor who hardly gets time to spend with his family.
so, she just wanted to chase her passions  playing the piano and writing.
that's why she chose to study humanities and has decided to continue higher studies in psychology.
i like to take one step at a time and honestly don't know what i'm going to do after studying psychology for five years, she said, adding that she loves the subject because it helps her understand human behaviour and how people perceive her.
choosing a career is as difficult as deciding on your favourite book or film.
there are so many!
i need more time to decide, the heritage school kolkata girl said with a smile.
chennai: telangana chief minister and telangana rashtra samiti president k chandrashekhara rao kcr ) said he had been meeting political party leaders and chief ministers to bring about a political alignment to make a better india and to ensure that the country reflected the qualities of a truthful federalism.
he brushed aside speculation that he was in the city as part of an attempt to create a third front, sans the bjp and the congress.
m k stalin with kcrthere is nothing called third or fourth or fifth front.
it is only media speculation.
this is not a mere alignment of political parties with elections in mind.
we are working for the betterment of the country, kcr told reporters here, in the presence of dmk working president m k stalin, who hosted him for lunch before they had a lengthy discussion on the political situation in the country.
the meeting lasted about one-and-a-half hours.
i came to meet my brother stalin.
we have been talking for quite sometime and we both had a talk over the telephone with mamatabanerjee (chief minister of west bengal).
discussions with like-minded parties will continue and it will take two to three months before a consensus can emerge.
we had a delightful meeting and a good meal, rao said.
india should be a secular country and there were no second thoughts about it, he said.
we discussed the devolution of more powers and funds for states.
there are several subjects like education and healthcare over which states should have a free hand, while the centre can focus on external affairs and on leveraging indias economy globally, rao said.
stalin said the two leaders discussed state autonomy and bringing education back on the states list, among other issues.
i also informed him about the state autonomy conference that the dmk is planning to hold shortly.
political decisions can only be taken by the executive and general councils of the party, stalin said.
earlier, rao called on dmk president m karunanidhi at his gopalapuram residence, where he was received by stalin in the presence of former union ministers t r baalu and a raja.
karunanidhi presented rao some books.
karunanidhi is the tallest leader in our country and all from south should be proud of him, rao said.
kolkata: chief minister mamatabanerjee made a pitch for a change in marking by the state board while felicitating the rank holders of all boards, including wbjee toppers at netaji indoor stadium on monday.
time has changed and so has the mode of learning.
students under icse and cbse boards are getting good marks.
why should students studying under the state board get less?
in our times, students used to get 80 to 85 out of 100.
now they are getting 100 out of 100.
we should see to it that students of the state board get good marks, the cm said pointing to the spurt in competition.
mamata congratulated the rank holders and urged them to stay back in bengal.
some of you will be doctors, some engineers, some scientists while some may pursue social sciences and literature.
granthan (the first boy in hs) has showed us how a student from the arts stream can get 100 out of 100, the cm said.
she then told the students how her government is beefing up infrastructure in the education sector.
my government is taking measures to increase medical seats.
this apart, the government has set up new universities taking the tally to 28.
the cm also felicitated the student who is the first to take the board examination in alchiki script.
the linear accelerator machine was bought for rs 25crdownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
kolkata: a state-of-the art linear accelerator machine was inaugurated by chief minister mamatabanerjee at medical college hospital kolkata (mchk) via remote control on friday.
with this technology, thousands of cancer patients will get benefited with high-end treatment we have been doing the trial runs for the past three months during which we catered to about 30 patients a day.
now, we will scale up the number of patients, said dr indranil biswas, medical superintendent and vice principal at mchk.
the latest version of linear accelerator machine is capable of destroying the cancer cells with high dose without damaging the peripheral tissues.
mchk principal dr majushree roy and doctors of the radiotherapy department, including dr ar deb the unit head, were present during the inauguration.
the state has acquired two more such machines, which costs about rs25 crore each.
chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjeekolkata: ten days after chief minister mamatabanerjee announced the sixth pay commission the cabinet approved the implementation with a revised pay that will see a hike of 14.
22  along with a notional effect of 3  per year since 2016 over the existing pay band that allows a merger of grade pay and basic pay along with 125  da given to the state government employees.
though the pay commission recommended for a 10 lakh ceiling on gratuity the state cabinet doubled it from 6 lakh to 12 lakh.
giving an example to make the things legible for the common people, state finance minister amit mitra said, if the existing basic and grade pay is 100 rupees, the da is 125 rupees the employee will have an increase of 14.
22  over 225 rupees which will take the salary to 256 rupees.
along with this the employee will get a 3  notional effect of the pay hike for three years since 2016 and this will take his salary to 280.
90 rupees.
the new pay commission will be effective from january 2020, he added.
in the new pay structure, the house rent allowance (hra) has been marked at 12 percent of actual pay.
the maximum hra was rs 6000 and the pay commission had recommended rs 10000.
the state had hiked it further to rs 12000.
the medical allowance that was recommended to hike from rs 300 to rs 400 has been further raised to rs 500 by the state.
the maximum limit of the allowance that was rs 2500 now stands at rs 3500.
the maximum tiffin allowance was raised to rs 30 up from rs 10.
hence the maximum tiffin allowance now stands at rs 180 up from rs 60.
it may be mentioned that the sixth pay commission headed by prof abhirup sarkar was formed on november 27, 2015, to restructure the salaries of the state government employees.
addressing an organizational meeting of the state government employees at netaji indoor stadium on september 13 chief minister mamatabanerjee had announced hike in the minimum basic pay of state government employees.
kanchrapara (west bengal): bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee hardened her stand against non-bengalis on friday when she said that speaking bengali is a must for those living in the state.
when i go to bihar, up, punjab, i speak their language.
if you are in bengal, you have to speak bengali.
i will not tolerate criminals who stay in bengal and roam around on motorbikes, the cm said.
mamata's insistence on speaking bengali is yet another effort to trump bjp, which she has accused of creating religious divide by popularising slogans like 'jai shri ram' in bengal.
her assertion on bengali is in line with the tactic that she has adopted since the desecration of iswarchandra vidyasagar's bust during bjp chief amit shah's roadshow in kolkata before the polls.
she has been trying to build the bengali-ness and outsider rhetoric in an attempt to check bjp.
on thursday, she had said, je junior doctor ra andolan korchchhe, tara outsider (the junior doctors who are protesting are outsiders).
mamata's stress on speaking bengali is an extension of that narrative.
kanchrapara, located in the industrial and jute mill belt of north 24 parganas, holds special significance for trinamool as bjp managed to wrest the crucial barrackpore lok sabha seat, under which the locality falls.
bjp also succeeded in winning the bypoll in bhatpara assembly segment, also part of the barrackpore seat.
while trinamool-turned-bjp candidate arjun singh defeated tmc veteran dinesh trivedi in a 'photo finish' in barrackpore, the former's son pawan kumar singh beat another party veteran, madan mitra, in bhatpara.
also, kanchrapara is the home turf of former trinamool second-in-command mukul roy, who switched over to bjp in 2017.
his son subhrangshu, the sitting mla of bijpur, also under the barrackpore ls, was one of the first to join bjp after the ls results were out.
the cm also played to the bengali sentiment, accusing the barrackpore mp (without naming him) of having a bias towards the hindi-speaking community, who work mainly in the area's jute mills.
biharis have been driven out of maharashtra and also from gujarat.
we didn't do that in bengal.
but you can't drive out biharis from bihar or the sons of the soil from uttar pradesh and bengalis from west bengal.
those staying here have to love bengal's soil and culture, she said.
banerjee then urged her party organisers to recruit the jobless from poor families for party work.
involve them in party work.
i want those who lead the para addas (mohalla leaders).
i will arrange jobs for them, she said.
the particular demographics of the area, particularly the language divide, was apparent along the 500-metre stretch leading to the meeting venue, which had a mix of bjp billboards with 'jai sri ram' slogans and pm narendra modi, along with hoardings featuring mamatabanerjee and her own slogans, 'jai bangla' and 'jai hind'.
the hoardings were on both sides of the road, stretching beyond mukul roy's residence.
however, unlike a fortnight ago, when mamatabanerjee lost her cool in bhatpara when a group of men chanted 'jai shri ram' slogan, mamatabanerjee did not stop her convoy to chastise bjp supporters who had gathered to raise the slogan.
cm mamatabanerjee bannerjeee at the institute of neurosciences kolkata to meet injured doctor paribaha mukhopadhyay on mondaydownload the times of india news app for latest citykolkata: the longest cease-work in recent memory in bengals public-sector healthcare system ended on monday evening, with junior doctors promising to resume duty on tuesday morning, exactly a week after their stir crippled outpatients departments and severely affected emergency wards across the state.
ultimately, it took one sentence from the abhibhabak (guardian) to end the stalemate in which doctors from across the country got involved.
lokkhi chhelera, ebar tomra strike tule nao.
ekhane ektu mishti kore bolo, okhane giye ektu joralo golaye bolo (now please withdraw your strike like good boys.
in the end, the junior doctors insistence on a meeting in front of tv cameras  and the governments reluctant consent  turned out to be a masterstroke for banerjee.
the bengal cm came out as the stateswoman  guardian and protector to the striking junior doctors (in their words) who calmly negotiated a tricky dialogue  in about 100 minutes of live tv broadcast that was watched with as much interest on the nrs campus in kolkata as at aiims, new delhi.
the doctors, who had adopted a strident posture against the administration for the initial police inaction against the kin of a bereaved patient at nrs last monday (the incident that triggered the stir) and then escalated the pitch after mamatabanerjee issued a stern warning of action against the strike during her visit to sskm hospital last thursday, relented in the face of some gentle persuasion and genuine-sounding assurances from the cm.
what must have also played on their mind was the rising public opinion against the continuing strike, especially after the cms appeal for talks last weekend.
the protesting doctors returned to nrs on monday evening and, after another general-body meeting (that looked like a mere formality after the spontaneous applause that greeted the end of the meeting with the cm at nabanna), came to say that one sentence that millions of patients depending solely on the state-run healthcare system were waiting for: we hereby announce the withdrawal of the strike by junior doctors.
chants of lakshmi chhele!
immediately rang through the campus, replacing the cries of bahiragata (outsider) that had greeted ima head and trinamool mp santanu sens comments about the presence of outsiders in the ranks of the striking doctors last week.
the euphoria was preceded by the nabanna meet, which discussed several serious issues even though almost everyone knew what the end result  the withdrawal of the strike  would be.
they ranged from security issues  collapsible gates for emergency wards, regulated entry for patients kin and enhanced police presence on medical campuses with nodal officers responsible for law-and-order  to the cms suggestion for third-party pr professionals who could act as grief counsellors and handle communication between overworked doctors and aggrieved patients kin, as well as grievance cells for patients.
we are delighted with the cordial manner in which the meeting was held, the cms caring touch and concrete suggestions and assurances to the issues raised by us.
we came here for a discussion because we wanted a solution.
the chief ministers commitment has assured us that our concerns will be looked into and appropriate action will be taken against unwanted incidents, one of the junior doctors said after emerging from the meeting.
we respect doctors and teachers.
they have genuine demands.
we have listened to them and taken decisions to resolve them.
this must be a continuous process.
the gentleness, however, came with the message that she could not be bullied into doing anything.
tomra amake katha na dile ami paribaha ke dekhte jete parchhi na.
tomra katha dao tomra kaje jog debe (leave certain things to us.
you are holding me back.
i am unable to go to paribaha till you assure me.
give me your word that you will resume duty), she said.
the meeting went smoothly, but there were multiple hurdles in the build-up with junior doctors refusing to meet the cm at nabanna till saturday.
officials said it was director of medical education pradip mitra who played the crucial role of an interlocutor, defused the tension that had built up over the week and finally got the doctors to agree to meet the chief minister at the secretariat.
this story is from january 3, 2019gopal krishna gandhi (file photo)download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
kolkata: former bengal governor gopal krishna gandhi will receive dlitt at the calcutta university 's annual convocation on monday.
gandhi will share the dais with chief minister mamatabanerjee , who will deliver the convocation address.
paediatrician dilip mahalanabis, who pioneered the oral rehydration therapy, will be awarded a dsc along with physician sukumar mukherjee.
governor keshari nath tripathi, who is the chancellor of state-run universities, will preside over the convocation.
this year, as many as 498 researchers will be awarded phd certificates, along with 113 llm degrees and 236 mphil degrees.
at the last convocation, cu handed over a dlitt to banerjee.
we have decided to hold the event at nazrul mancha again since both darbhanga buiding and asutosh memorial hall are being renovated, said vc sonali chakraborty banerjee.
trinamool congress chief mamatabanerjee (pti photo)kolkata: initiating a major clean-up exercise in the ranks of her party, trinamool chief mamatabanerjee warned councillors on tuesday against taking cut money and kickbacks from government schemes, while also admitting of making mistakes in distribution of tickets, including one given to a father's son.
mamata did not name tmc rebel-turned-bjp leader mukul roy, instrumental in engineering defections of mlas and councillors to bjp , or his son subhrangshu roy (who too defected to bjp).
however, coming on the same day when mukul roy engineered yet another defection of a tmc mla (bongaon north) biswajit das to bjp, the reference was clear.
now only dedicated workers will get tickets.
the father-son combine used to manage tickets all through.
we have no problem giving tickets to family members if they remain loyal to the party.
earlier, district leaders used to nominate their own people; many genuine members were deprived because of this, the cm said.
trinamool is not a weak party.
i don't care if 15-20 councillors leave the party after accepting cash.
mlas, too, may leave the party.
we are not going to take them back.
we don't want thieves in our party.
we will replace each defector with 500 people, she said.
around 80 civic bodies will elect boards this year.
mukul roy shot back from delhi.
she is talking about many things now, but that won't stop councillors from joining bjp.
i can tell you mamata's family is the fountainhead of corruption in bengal,he said.
the cm said she has received complaints about corruption even with the samabyathi scheme involving a one-time payment of rs 2,000 to the poor to perform last rites of the dead.
some have asked for rs 200 from beneficiaries, she said.
the cm said that she had strengthened the economic offences wing and corruption victims could write to the cmo directly.
this story is from february 6, 2019file photo: madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan.
photo by jayanta shawdownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
bhopal: after uttar pradesh cm yogi adityanath, former chief minister of madhya pradesh shivraj singh chouhan was also denied permission by the west bengal government for landing his chopper in the state where he was scheduled to address a public meeting.
i want to reach berhampore on wednesday to address a public meeting organised by the bjp, but the tmc government led by chief minister mamatabanerjee denied permission to us for landing our chopper in the state.
this is highly undemocratic and it seems that mamatabanerjee is scared, said chouhan after addressing a sector rally of bharatiya janata party (bjp)workers in barabanki on tuesday.
the constitution permits all political parties to present their stand before the public.
who is mamatabanerjee scared of?
what has happened to the land of vande matram where tmc is trying to gag democracy, chouhan said.
kolkata: continuous downpour on wednesday, along with dvc releasing more than 82,860 cusec water from its dams at maithon and panchet, has left several districts on the verge of inundation.
we are trying hard to tackle the situation.
in malda, the water level of some important rivers has risen considerably.
a large portion of english bazaar municipality has already been waterlogged.
after harishchandrapur and ratua, it is the turn of kaliachak-2 and kaliachak-3 blocks to be inundated.
many villagers have been marooned in the process and cries for relief are getting desperate.
river ganga stands at 24.
53 m while fulohar rose up to 26.
85 m.
district administration fears that continuous rain may lead the water level to rise further by tonight and a yellow signal in the protected area may be hoisted.
locals alleged that a number of dykes have been in a bad shape for some time, and that at kahala, the embankment on fulohar has also been threatened by the surging river.
erosion also continues at gopalpur under manikchak block.
however, most significantly, fresh erosion was seen in kaliachak block 3 near farakka barrage leaving at least 1500 families marooned.
the sudden rise in the water level of ganga since last night has spread more panic.
district magistrate rajesh kumar sinha conceded, around 1,500 homes in pardeonapur, kumbhira and lakshmipur have been inundated.
a team of district administration was sent to visit them.
meanwhile, hundreds of families at harishchadrapur-2 and ratua-1 blocks are still crying for help.
sinha said, about 3,500 families of ratua-1 were marooned although the number of inundated houses was not more than 50.
the administration, however, refused to count those thousands of harischandrapur-2 block as 'affected' since they used to live in the unprotected area of the embankment.
meanwhile, torrential rainfall over the last 24 hours has left a large part of english bazar municipality waterlogged.
the areas under the municipality recorded rainfall of 70 mm in a day.
areas areas such as ramkrishna pally, sarbamangala pally, green park, maheshmati, subhash pally, kutubpur, mokdumpur and vivekananda pally have been submerged.
the district hospital was also waterlogged with the worst sufferers being emergency patients.
in birbhum, water level is rising in bramhani nalhati and rampuhat kirnahar.
union finance minister pranab mukherjee's house is already under water.
khanakul in hooghly, kelaghat in west midnapore, swarupnagar and gobardanga in north 24-parganas are other areas that are flooded.
in nadia, about 30 houses in ward 7 went under water.
about 30 families in ward 7 under kalyani municipality in nadia have been waterlogged on wednesday.
municipality vice chairman sushil talukdae said that the incessant rainfall has caused flooding of the area.
although the pumps are in constant operation, the ceaseless rain was hampered work, said ward councillor bhakti bhuson roy.
eleven hundred people call ward 7 their home in kalyani.
bhangar: live bombs in buckets and drums stored deep underneath a sprawling mango orchard, 20 metres behind trinamool leader arabul islams uttar gajipur house, were recovered after the leaders arrest on friday night, leaving indications of what was in store for the rural polls in this south 24 parganas belt on monday.
all this came to the surface after the shootout on the save land livelihood environment protection committee rally on friday afternoon where a participant, hafijul molla , was shot dead.
police entered the troubled spot tracking cell phones of local trinamool leaders after chief minister mamatabanerjee ordered arrest of the culprits.
soon after his arrest, arabul was taken to kashipur police station and later shifted to south 24 parganas police headquarters at baruipur before he was produced at court on saturday.
a baruipur court has remanded the accused in police custody till may 22.
earlier in the day, villagers of machhibhanga and the adjoining bhangar areas took out a rally demanding capital punishment for arabul and arrest of the other culprits involved in the shootout.
a huge crowd later mobbed arabul loyalist alauddins house in the machhibhanga village and set it on fire.
in the afternoon, the bhangar andolan samhati committee led by left front chairman biman bose, cpm state secretary surjya kanta mishra and bhangar movement spokesperson sharmistha chowdhury organised a protest rally from moulali to esplanade.
arabul pleaded innocence in court.
i have been framed.
i didnt know anything about the incident.
i was not there, he said.
arabuls lawyer said the leader was at a rajarhat mall during the incident, contesting the fir that says arabul was leading the trinamool brigade.
i would appeal to didi (mamata banerjee) to probe the incident and punish the real culprits, arabul said after the court order.
committee secretary mirza hasan rubbished arabuls claim.
arabul was very much there in the village.
arabul, his brother ajimul alias khude, arabuls son hakimul, all armed, were waiting near polerhat at kashipur.
they opened fire on the rally from hedges and from rooftops.
hafijul fell on the ground bleeding profusely and died on the way to a health centre at rajarhat.
such was the scare that the health centre authorities declined to issue a death certificate though doctors on duty pronounced him dead, hasan said.
arabuls arrest came as a relief to hafijuls widow sabira bibi (30) and her neighbours.
we feared violence on the poll day.
we can now expect a peaceful poll on monday, said notunhat villager sabir molla.
this story is from december 19, 2018park street decked up for christmas festdownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
kolkata: chief minister mamatabanerjee will inaugurate the eighth edition of the park street christmas festival on december 21.
like the previous editions, the festival will be held at allen park.
a canopy of lights will adorn the entire park street-allen park stretch.
the festival, organized by the west bengal tourism department along with park hotel and the kolkata municipal corporation , will continue till december 30.
lakhs of people from the city and its suburbs throng the area to participate in the revelry.
principal secretary of tourism department atri bhattacharya said, there will be cultural programmes.
renowned artists and musicians will perform throughout the day to regale the crowd.
the last few days of the year, park street resembles a carnival arena with the pavements dotted with stalls selling various cuisines and lakhs of people thronging them.
for the first time, the department will arrange proper illumination and branding of churches at darjeeling, kalimpong, kurseong, jalpaiguri, bandel, chandernagore and krishnagar.
in west bengal, people from across all faiths celebrate the festival, bhattacharya said.
mla shane calvert said, there will be no cultural event at allen park on december 24 and 25 due to the huge rush.
buskers (street singers) will also sing carols at designated places on and around park street and camac street to celebrate the essence of christmas.
we shall host several christmas-themed events.
people from across the world visit kolkata during this time and attend the park street christmas festival, a tourism department official said.
visitors to the festival and tourists revel in the festive spirit and click selfies along with friends and relatives.
eateries struggle to cater to the rush of customers.
people have already made their plans to visit various spots in the area, which is also popularly known as the party street of kolkata.
many are praying for the chill to last another week so that they can step out in their colourful woollens.
this weather is perfect for a stroll on park street.
for the past five years, i have been visiting the fest.
i love to gorge on all the delicious food at the stalls, ananya ghosh, a resident of dum dum park, said.
patna: rebel bjp mp shatrughan sinha on thursday launched a scathing attack on senior party functionary and deputy cm sushil kumar modi, holding him responsible for the partys defeat in the 2015 assembly elections.
in a series of tweets, the patna sahib mp called the deputy cm the real shatru of bjp.
he has the audacity to suggest that bjps shatru should follow his mentor yashwant sinha  meaning that shatru should leave the party.
of course we all know that he himself is the biggest enemy of bjp since he was responsible for our huge defeat in bihar, shotgun tweeted.
former union minister and a member of bjps margdarshak mandal, yashwant sinha, had announced his decision to quit the party and retire from electoral politics at a meeting of the recently launched rashtra manch in patna on april 21.
shatrughan was also present at the meeting.
in another tweet addressed to pm narendra modi, shatrughan said the bihar deputy cm was solely responsible for bjps defeat in the last state assembly elections.
he went on to say that the deputy cms favourite pastime is criticising lalu prasad and his family members.
shatrughan had left his party red-faced on several occasions in the recent past.
his meeting with bengal cm and trinamool congress chief mamatabanerjee in new delhi on march 28 and repeated praises of lalus son tejashwi prasad yadav had not gone down well with bjp.
sushil modi was not available for a comment on shatrughans tweets.
download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
kolkata: a tweet from meghalaya governor tathagata roy endorsing a boycott of everything kashmiri, including amarnath yatra, has drawn flak from chief minister mamatabanerjee the day after on wednesday.
one section of political parties/groups along with people holding constitutional positions (are) indulging in rumour mongering, spreading hatred with dangerous statements, mamatabanerjee tweeted without naming roy.
calling it shameless politics, the west bengal cm said in the state secretariat: do not pay heed to rumours.
there are many big political parties trying to pose themselves as the only indians and others as pakistanis.
i am for united india, not for divided india.
it is bjps agenda.
she later announced rs 5 lakh support from her government to each of the two families of the crpf jawans from west bengal martyred in the pulwama terror attack.
the state government stands by these families and will give jobs to family members if necessary, the cm said.
roy, in his tweet, didnt give the boycott call on his own but seconded an appeal from a retired colonel whom he didnt name.
an appeal from a retired colonel of the indian army: dont visit kashmir dont go to amarnath, for the next two years.
dont buy articles from kashmir emporia or kashmiri tradesman who come every winter.
boycott everything kashmiri.
i am inclined to agree, roy had said on tuesday.
it may be a coincidence that a kashmiri trader at nadias taherpur was badly beaten up on tuesday night.
a kashmiri doctor in kolkata came under pressure a few days ago though he finally chose against leaving the city.
the cm has asked police to tackle miscreants with an iron hand.
there has been an incident in kolkata.
police have taken strong action.
kashmiris in the city are happy.
bjp hooligans attacked an apdr-left rally today.
i have asked police to take strong action, the cm said.
banerjee wondered how a party that condemned anti-sikh riots of 1984 could incite sentiments against people from other states.
bjp condemned anti-sikh riots.
but they are fanning emotions on the basis of religion and caste.
something has happened that shouldnt have happened.
terrorists are terrorists.
they dont belong to any caste, creed or religion, she said.
following criticism from several quarters, roy said in a tweet: vociferously violent reactions from media and several others to my echoing of a suggestion from a retired army colonel.
a purely non-violent reaction to the killing of our soldiers by the hundreds and the driving out of 3.
5 lakh kashmiri pandits.
file photo of west bengal cm mamatabanerjee banerjeesalute to the indian armed forces on the occasion of #kargilvijaydivas.
homage to all those who laid down their liv https://t.
co/az8kpi96o0  mamatabanerjee (@mamataofficial) 1564104660000kolkata: west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on friday paid her tribute to soldiers who had laid down their lives during the kargil war in 1999, as the nation observed the 20th anniversary of the conflict.
salute to the indian armed forces on the occasion of #kargilvijaydivas.
homage to all those who laid down their lives for the country.
may the indian armed forces go from strength to strength.
jai hind, she tweeted.
picture used for representational purpose onlytimesview there is no use panicking, especially when there does not seem to be any problem on the ground.
users should be conscious of the nuisance value of unverified forwards on social media.
download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
kolkata: even as the child-lifting rumours continued to spread and two more persons were attacked by mobs in the heart of the city on sunday night, lalbazar issued strict orders to all the 70 police stations in the city asking them to launch a special vigilance and round up anyone spreading fal sehoods.
earlier, chief minister mamatabanerjee spoke extensively about evoking fear by spreading bogus child-lifting scare.
the cm mentioned a similar incident that took place at behala on sunday.
according to the police, the first incident took place on tollygunges sridhar lane close to pratapaditya road around 9.
15pm on sunday.
a 22-year-old woman was attacked by a mob after it was alleged that she had tried to kidnap a child.
she was rescued by police.
when we began the probe, we put the woman from karaya under arrest.
we are checking her credentials.
some of the claims made against her seem a bit far-fetched, said an investigator.
cops from the tollygunge police stations have started distributing the contact numbers of senior cops and making special deployments at slums.
a similar effort has been made by the kasba police, where three such mob attacks took place between friday night and saturday morning.
we have printed 2,000 pamphlets with dos and donts, said an officer.
police stations bordering south 24 parganas  where fake whatsapp messages about alleged kidnappings are being forwarded the most  have been put on the highest alert after another incident of mob attack in the chowbhaga area of anandapur around 10pm on sunday.
three men were attacked when they were returning home.
they were beaten up by locals before our patrol vehicles managed to spot and rescue them.
nothing suspicious about them was found, said a police officer.
adg (law and order) anuj sharma said, anyone who gets to know about any incident or knows someone who is spreading rumours can directly call up our control room and police stations.
a senior officer at lalbazar said, we have hired autos, which are going around specific areas  closer to slums  telling people not to fall prey to traps.
kolkata: gayatri devi, mother of west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee , died at a state-run hospital here on saturday.
81-year-old devi died this morning, family sources said.
she is survived by three sons and a daughter.
devi was admitted to the sskm hospital two weeks ago.
she was suffering from old-age related ailments and was on life support system since the past fortnight.
the story of the asansol-durgapur belt is that of a topper pushed to second rank and tied down in chains to prevent it from claiming the top slot ever again.
a uk survey had ranked asansol 42 among the 100 fastest growing cities across the world.
the region has the highest per capita income in bengal but its wings have been clipped.
linking asansol and durgapur and turning it into a mega city makes sense as nh-2 has reduced travel time between the twin towns to under 30 minutes  less than what it takes from howrah station to salt lake.
five years ago, the state government announced grand plans to upgrade durgapur-asansol as bengal's second metro.
the twin towns were included under the jawaharlal nehru national urban renewal scheme to upgrade civic infrastructure.
local industrialists reckon that if world-class infrastructure were provided, the asansol-durgapur belt would emerge as a pune or baroda.
but there was no change.
hardly any work has been done under jnnurm.
it's hard to believe now but till the mid-20th century, the living standard in asansol and durgapur was much higher than many cities in india.
but persistent neglect by the centre and the state government pushed it back in time.
the belt did witness a recent spurt in development, following the revival of public sector giants like steel authority of india ltd and coal india ltd
but it has been led by private initiatives with the state government making no concerted attempt to capitalize on the opportunity.
the asansol-durgapur development authority sat on the vision 2025 document prepared by iit-kharagpur that stressed on the need to augment infrastructure, decongest roads by building ring roads and improve connections to birbhum, bankura and purulia for better business activity.
till a private superspeciality hospital opened in durgapur recently, people had to travel to kolkata for treatment.
though durgapur now has a scores of private engineering, hotel management, law and management colleges, its infrastructure lags far behind pune's.
in the past couple of years, three malls have come up in durgapur and one in asansol but these are isolated developments initiated by realty majors.
a lot of work needs to be done to improve transport.
the law and order situation has also deteriorated, prompting chief minister mamatabanerjee to set up a police comissionerate for the asansol-durgapur region.
though we pay more than rs 2,500 crore as tax to the state and centre, the asansol-durgapur region has always been deprived.
it is high time the government made asansol-durgapur the second metro city, says rajendra prasad khaitan of the raniganj chamber of commerce.
all hope now rests on the durgapur aerotropolis project  again a private initiative.
it is expected to encourage private sector initiatives in it, hospitality and health sectors.
sensing the potential, private investment is pouring in for the creation of mini-satellite towns around asansol and durgapur.
town planners believe these townships need to be integrated into a larger plan so that they do not end up being oasis in a desert.
federation of south bengal chamber of commerce & industry has already submitted suggestions to the cm as well as adda on the need to make good of the opportunity and develop bengal into a multi-city state.
kolkata: rabindranath tagore's complete works are set to be published in several prominent indian languages apart from bengali.
releasing the first volume of the complete works of rabindranath tagore at town hall on friday, commemorating tagore's 150th birth anniversary, chief minister mamatabanerjee said it took only a record time of about four to five months for the team led by saoli mitra, who is heading the rabindra rachanabali committee, to come out with the first volume of tagore's complete works.
its an excellent work done by the team.
we want tagore volumes to come out in all indian languages.
we would like to first start with the langauges of the hills and jangalmahal.
if not at one go, it could come out in other indian langauages in phases.
i will request mitra and her team to work on this with the help of visva-bharati and rabindrabharati university authorities.
the proposal to publish tagore's works in other indian languages had been mooted by rabindra bharati university vc karunasindhu das.
the chief minister went on to stress that tagore was present in every sphere of our lives, be it sorrow or joy.
on republic day, we will put up a tagore tableau in delhi to reflect our culture.
on pochishey baisakh, we will organise rabi tirtha in rajarhat.
the chief minister also reminded that the national anthem was going to touch its 100th year on december 27.
we will celebrate this occasion again at this venue on that day.
governor m k narayanan, who was present as the chief guest, said that it was befitting that chief minister mamatabanerjee released the first volume of tagore's complete works.
he also congratulated the chief minister and the team for coming up with this volume.
also present on the occasion was visva-bharati vice-chancellor susanto dutta gupta, former visva-bharati vc and chief adviser of this project sabyasachi bhattacharya, education minister bratya basu and mayor sovan chatterjee.
this story is from february 6, 2019himanta biswa sarmadownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
guwahati: assam finance minister himanta biswa sarma on tuesday termed west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee 's charge that he was involved in the saradha chit fund scam as frivolous, even as the state youth congress staged a protest in front of the cbi office here, seeking his arrest.
the minister also said he had offered full cooperation in the ponzi scheme case as a witness.
the frivolous & baseless campaign by @mamataofficial didi against me is very painful.
i am not fortunate enough like your police commissioner.
i've joined the investigations and offered my full cooperation as a witness.
and all this happened much much before i joined @bjp4india, sarma said in a tweet.
the trinamool congress (tmc) chief had also dared prime minister narendra modi and bjp president amit shah to get him arrested.
training guns on sarma, assam youth congress activists staged a demonstration outside the cbi office here, demanding his arrest for his alleged involvement in the saradha chit fund scam and the louise berger case, involving a water supply project in guwahati.
they shouted slogans, accusing the minister of receiving rs 20 lakh per month from saradha group chairman sudipta sen for running his business in assam.
one of the protesters said, the modi-led bjp government is misusing the cbi.
sarma switched to the bjp from the congress when the heat of the saradha scam probe was becoming too hot for him to handle.
west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee has clearly stated that sarma was involved in the chit fund scam, assam congress spokesperson pradyut bordoloi told reporters.
apart from saradha, the bjp had earlier accused sarma of involvement in the louis berger scam.
a number of arrests were made in goa in connection with this scam, but no action was taken in assam, the former state minister said.
agenciesit seemed that sarma was cleared of all the charges after he joined the saffron party, he added.
himanta has a history of changing allegiance to save his skin.
when tada cases were slapped against him, he had left the united liberation front of assam (ulfa) to join the congress.
later, he joined the bjp to save himself from the saradha and louis berger cases, the former cabinet colleague of sarma said.
in july 2015, the louis berger international inc., a new jersey-based construction management company, had told a us court that it had bribed government officials in india to bag a contract for project management consultancy in a water supply project in guwahati.
the then congress government in assam, led by tarun gogoi, had ordered a cid probe into the case, but the gauhati high court had later directed the cbi to inquire into the allegations.
anita bag, along with a relative, in front of her son soumens photokolkata: anita bag stood clutching her son soumen bags photo in her arms at her behala silpara home.
soumen would have turned 28 on monday, but the majerhat bridge collapse last year claimed his life.
the loss has been irreparable: anita and her husband, pradip, spend every moment, wishing soumen had not taken the bridge at that moment as he returned home on his bike from nandan , his friend, papai ray, travelling pillion.
the pain has been unbearable.
also, the incident has pushed them into poverty.
the family received rs 5 lakh one-time pay-out but most of it went in repaying loans they had.
soumen, who worked as an accountant at a behala shop, earned rs 15,000 a month and worked extra shifts as a gst expert across behala to feed six mouthshis parents, his uncle and aunt and their daughter and his grandfather.
after soumens death, anita has been given the job of a civic volunteer that fetches them rs 8,000 a month.
but half the amount is spent on the couples medicines.
i have high thyroid and blood pressure, said anita.
the insurance money never came, she said.
the bank keeps asking for the final incident report and repeated trips to lalbazar, alipore police station and the dcp office on park street never helped.
they tell us to return later, she said.
though her sons employer has been kind, a mismatch in the bank account (address in document and place of residence) led to delays in payment of his dues.
the family is also pained by people forgetting their promises.
after the tragedy, everyone promised help.
sovan chatterjee came to the crematorium.
the opposition leaders also gave assurances.
but not one phone call came from them later.
chief minister mamatabanerjee has time to visit those affected by the metro work at bowbazar, but she never even asked us to come to nabanna.
the local mla, partha chatterjee, did not even call.
the ngos made all the right noises, but stayed away.
we just needed someone to hold our hands and say they were there, said pradip.
exactly a year ago, soumen had called up his office and asked for a holiday.
after celebrating his birthday, he wanted to buy himself books from college street and watch a film with his friend, papai, at nandan.
he knew college street like the back of his hand.
he visited the place at least once a month, said his maternal uncle, subhas ghosh.
bag had left home around 11am that day, promising to be return home and read a story to his cousin moumita ghosh.
my sons only passion was books.
since we have a small house, i was forced to ask him to remove some books from under our bed as silpara is known for floods.
it is this love which has taken him away from me, said anita.
visakhapatnam: people of the country would not forgive prime minister narendra modi and will send him back to gujarat in the ensuing elections, chief minister n chandrababu naidu said on sunday.
addressing a public meeting at the indira priyardarshini municipal stadium, alongside west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee and delhi cm arvind kejriwal , naidu said getting rid of modi is an imminent need.
then only justice will be delivered to andhra pradesh on bifurcation promises.
modi has no right to even enter the state, forget asking for votes.
bjp candidates will not even get back their deposits in the coming elections in ap.
people would not even cast a single vote for bjp, he said.
modi claims that he is a chowkidar.
but he is a chowkidar of scamsters, dacoits and corrupt people.
he has been guarding the biggest scamster of the state, (ysrc president) jaganmohan reddy.
he has been troubling every non-bjp chief minister including kejriwal and mamatabanerjee banerjee.
recently, former jammu & kashmir cm farooq abdullah also came to andhra pradesh.
all the parties are uniting against modi.
the pm is a split personality and does not stand on his promises, alleged naidu.
referring to jagan reddy, naidu said the kodi katti (rooster knife) party cannot do justice to ap.
reddy attended the assembly sessions just for 24 days, but went to court for 240 days in the last five years.
his election affidavit itself explains his criminal history  31 criminal and economic offences pertaining to money laundering and others are being investigated against him.
the ysrc recently attacked a woman sympathiser of jana sena in visakhapatnam and she was hospitalised with severe injuries, he said.
naidu further said that modi failed to keep his promises made at the same venue (indira priyardarshini municipal stadium) and even in the temple town of tirupati, pertaining to special category status, financial assistance for new capital amaravati etc.
the union government has only released rs 650 crore out of the promised rs 1,000 crore for hudhud damages.
modi has been creating trouble for my government to construct the proposed bhogapuram international airport, he alleged.
the chief minister further alleged that demonetisation and introducing rs 2,000 denomination notes were only aimed at bjp buying voters by offering each rs 2,000.
naidu also targeted jana sena, saying it has no clarity on its policies.
an expert committee constituted by the party concluded that the state government is yet to get rs 75,000 crore from the union government.
but why is the party now silent?
jana sena has fielded (former cbi joint director) vv lakshminarayana as its vizag mp candidate.
hes the same man who investigated jagan reddys cases.
why is lakshminarayana now silent on the cases?
fight against corruption is a continuous thing and tdp is at the forefront on that aspect, said naidu.
kolkata: union finance minister pranab mukherjee on sunday met chief minister mamatabanerjee at her kalighat home to condole her mother gayatri devi's demise.
he also briefed her on the recent developments at the centre.
i could not come to see her after her mother's demise .
so i came to see her today, the senior upa minister later told reporters.
mukherjee, who reached kolkata late in the afternoon, first went to baranagar to meet his ailing friend and former presidency college principal amal mukhopadhyay and then went to meet mamata.
the two leaders talked nearly 25 minutes.
a leader indicated that they discussed the forthcoming railway budget and the general budget (which is likely to accommodate the much-discussed bengal bailout package).
responding to a question whether presentation of the general budget would be deferred because of the elections in five states, the union finance minister said he did not think there was any problem in presenting the budget for 2012-13 on schedule.
t h e union budget is usually presented on the last date of february.
next year being a leap year, the budget is likely to be placed on february 29.
the elections to all the state assemblies, except in goa, will be over by that date.
so, i don't think there will be any problem , he said.
this story is from december 25, 2018picture used for representational purpose onlydownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
kolkata: forget the days of running from pillar to post to get the mutation done after buying a property.
soon, you will be able to do it online.
the state cabinet on monday made the entire mutation process online, so that people dont have to face third-party harassment.
after buying a property, one has to go for mutation.
but we have information that people are being harassed by brokers.
so we decided to make the entire process online.
this will help around 12 lakh people every year, said banerjee.
the chief minister also said that the government had already waived the mutation fees for farmers so that the purchase and sale of farmland becomes easier.
the process of online mutation will also help keeping the land character unchanged.
according to senior land department officials, brokers sometimes force the poor people to change the character of the land and sell it at a higher process.
during the anti acquisition movement in bhangar in january 2017, it was found that in many cases the character of the land had been changed.
the chief minster asked the land officials to frame new laws.
to introduce a new system  records of rights  we needed all land records, including the parcha where the name of the original owner of the land was mentioned.
finally, we digitised all those parchas for all 341 blocks of the state, a senior official of the land and land revenue department said.
the digitised land records are to be linked to the registration offices that work under the finance department.
according to the plan, once fresh registration is done after the new system is introduced, the land department would get the information online.
the mutation certificate can be issued within 48 hours.
the buyer will have to deposit the mutation fee while registering the land.
the department is expected to generate additional revenue of rs 500 crore because or this, said the official.
the chief minister also said that apart from online mutation, the government has decided to transfer possession rights to the people who are living in 1,618 acre of land in the khasmahal areas of midnapore and kharagpur.
more than one lakh people will be benefitted from this.
we have given land to 462 families in alipurduar and rest will be completed soon, the cm said.
this story is from january 16, 2019download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
hyderabad: telangana rashtra samithi (trs) working president kt rama rao will meet ysr congress party president ys jaganmohan reddy here on wednesday to invite the party to join the proposed federal front.
rama rao, who is son of telangana chief minister and trs president k chandrashekhar rao, also known as kcr, along with some other leaders of the party will hold talks with jaganmohan reddy, who is the leader of opposition in andhra pradesh assembly, trs sources said.
this will be the first direct talks between the leaders of two parties since kcr floated the idea of federal front as an alternative to both bharatiya janata party (bjp) and congress.
the trs chief has already held talks with west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee , odisha chief minister naveen patnaik, janata dal (united) leader and former prime minister hd deve gowda, former uttar pradesh chief minister akhilesh yadav and dmk leader mk stalin.
after taking over as the chief minister for second term following trs' victory in last month's elections, kcr intensified his efforts to cobble together the federal front.
trs leaders are also likely to discuss with jagan the possibility of their working together in andhra pradesh to defeat the ruling telugu desam party (tdp) in the ensuing elections in the neighbouring state.
kcr last month dropped hints to this effect with a remark that he will return the gift to andhra pradesh chief minister and tdp president n chandrababu naidu.
he was referring to naidu campaigning extensively in the telangana elections.
the grand alliance led by the congress and comprising tdp and two other parties suffered crushing defeat in the telangana polls.
three years ago, when the results of the 16th lok sabha elections were declared, it became clear abki baar modi sarkar was not just a campaign or a slogan; it had translated into votes resulting in a landslide victory for the bjp.
one man was responsible for this historic win: narendra modi.
the former chief minister of gujarat, supported by his party, worked tirelessly to build upon an image that would go on to capture political consciousness.
he addressed around 450 rallies and used social media to the optimum to rout the congress-led upa government that had ruled india for more than three decades.
well, if you believed that the 2014 bjp victory was an aberration, modi worked harder to make it a habit.
in these three years, saffron flags have made inroads into almost all the states in india.
the poll results of haryana, maharashtra and jharkhand soon after the general elections, that too without the projection of a bjp chief ministerial candidate for the states, further confirmed the presence of modi wave.
except for a few hiccups, thanks to the mahagathbandhan in bihar and the emergence of aam aadmi party, under the leadership of arvind kejriwal in delhi (we will discuss this statistic later), modi got the better of other leaders.
the sweeping victory for bjp in the recently-concluded up and uttarakhand elections, in the absence of a cm candidate yet again, clearly suggests that the modi juggernaut shows no signs of letting up even three years after the general elections.
more important, it has also highlighted the partys over dependence on modi.
if bjps over dependence on modi is highly evident, other political parties fare no better where their leaders are concerned.
consider the congress, the grand old party of india.
its a well-known fact that no action can be taken without the concurrence of the gandhis.
the dominance that started with indira gandhi in the late sixties continues till date, except for a brief period, six years to be precise, when pv narasimha rao was at the helm of affairs.
but a rift in the party followed by the formation of new parties convinced party members that their survival depended on the nehru-gandhi dynasty.
despite its worst performance in the 2014 general election (the party didnt have adequate numbers to even claim the opposition bench in the parliament) followed by a near rout in almost all the states in the country (only seven out of 29 states are ruled by the party), the obsession with the gandhis (read rahul) continues unabated.
apart from these two national parties, a look at the regional parties also paints the same picture.
aam admi party (aap) led by arvind kejriwal was founded on the anti-corruption movement.
it gave namo and the bjp its greatest shock by sweeping the delhi assembly polls in 2015.
the bjp even lost its safest bastions to aap.
the victory made kejriwal, the iit engineer and an irs- turned politician a super hero.
even today, the party revolves around him despite the debacle in the recently-concluded delhi mcd election.
likewise, trinamool congress (tmc) led by mamatabanerjee , biju janata dal (bjd) in odisha helmed by naveen patnaik, and bahujan samajwadi party (bsp) driven by mayawati are some other parties that are running on individual charisma.
therefore, isnt it ironical that the political parties of the worlds largest democracy are either family-based or individual centric?
its even more unfortunate because india follows a parliamentary form of government which is dependent on political parties.
a close look at the parties internal structure also highlights the sorry state of affairs.
most of the parties including the congress and the bjp dont follow a democratic pattern either.
the organisational elections are only in name.
where most parties are concerned, the candidates are selected undemocratically.
in fact, if reports are to go by, according to an election commission report, former aiadmk supremo, late jayalalithaa was elected unopposed in 2014 because no one except her filed the nomination papers!
what are the other major causes of this overdependence?
there is no doubt that indian politics has always been dominated by larger-than-life personalities both at the national and regional platforms.
the personal charisma of leaders, the ability to connect with the masses and instill among followers an emotional trust that is unshakeable, coupled with other factors such as caste equations, familial connection among others, have worked well for all parties and they have used it to serve their own ends.
in fact, the present ruling party which vehemently opposed congress for the india is indira and indira is india slogan and claimed to be a party with a difference has latched on to modi wave and supporting it year after year.
as political pundits point out, as long as this political structure brings benefits to parties, this trend will continue.
this leads us to the bigger question: is it healthy for political parties in the long run and, more important, are we doing justice to our democracy by resorting to populism?
the answer is  no.
lets find out how it is affecting the structure of our political parties.
by depending on one leader, the parties are glossing over the fact that they are not building second-run leaders.
and the results are evident.
take the case of congress.
after indira gandhi, the popularity of the gandhis waned except in 1984 after the assassination of indira gandhi, when her son rajiv swept the polls on the sympathy wave.
though the gandhi bahu sonia gandhi led her party to victory in many occasions, her anointed heir rahul has failed miserably.
its not that the party lacks talent, its the lack of transparent structure and skepticism of living without the gandhis thats doing the damage.
in tamil nadu, jayalalithaas demise has created a political vacuum.
the infighting within the party factions has left the party in the doldrums.
needless to say, this trend is not healthy for a parliamentary democracy.
apart from power to the image-driven leaders, courtesy their direct connect with the mass, theres every likelihood that it may pave the way for autocracy.
in this context, the statement of pope francis is noteworthy.
in a recent interview, the pope warned against populism saying it could lead to the election of saviours like adolf hitler.
hitler did not steal power, the pope said.
he was elected by his people and then he destroyed his people.
so, what is the right approach to keep an eye on power-hungry leaders?
firstly, as responsible citizens, dont follow your leader blindly.
as they say, eternal vigilance is the price of liberty.
rather than depending on a single leader, ensure that you choose your representatives judiciously instead of using emotive grounds right from the local to the national level.
the role of political parties is important.
they should move beyond personality-driven politics and look ahead by preparing a second rung to take over the mantle in due course.
there are times when, due to lack of strong local leaders, voters have no option but to opt for the same candidate against their wishes.
a case in point is the state of odisha.
the absence of a formidable opposition leader to naveen pattnaik has made him the undisputed leader of the state.
lastly, there should be decentralisation of power.
each party member should have an equal say in the affairs of the party.
this story is from february 14, 2019mamata banerjeedownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
new delhi: a defiant mamatabanerjee on wednesday signalled a dare to the bjp-led centre when she said i will not wait for the shroud, the shroud will wait for me, addressing a rapturous crowd at the jantar mantar here.
the centre, the west bengal chief minister said, might dispatch central agencies to her kalighat home in kolkata after her blood on their faces barb at pm narendra modi and bjp chief amit shah , adding she would wait for the officers with home-cooked food.
tomorrow they will send cbi officers to my home too.
i will tell them wait, i will give you home-cooked food.
whatever they want to eat, vegetarian, non-vegetarian, even rotis.
they forget that i am not scared.
i have seen many governments but none like this.
they send cbi to the kolkata police commissioners home.
they have fallen so low.
but they underestimate me.
i was born out of struggle, she further said.
the centre even directs us for disciplinary action (against ips officers).
they threaten to strip them of their medals.
if that be so, then all officers (police officers of bengal) will return their medals to the centre.
is this the language of governance?
continuing her tirade, the cm alleged: they snoop even on their officers.
they snoop on their own ministers.
even the media.
they believe none.
my phone is being tapped and (also) that of all the leaders who are on the dais today.
but if you thought your whatsapp messages are safe, then think again.
they have got an israeli technology to do even that; nothing is safe from them.
there is nothing to fear, she told the crowd.
the last day of parliament (ahead of general elections) got over today.
in another 20 days, elections will be announced.
and then election commission will be in charge for the month-long code of conduct.
how many people can they send to prison?
let us see, she added.
are the prisons big enough for all of us?
they brand us thieves.
what are they  holy saints?
people who are scared never win, those who fight always win.
who has given food?
modi?
who has given you shelter?
modi?
she said.
they havent given a paisa and yet they resort to such shows.
even in airports, they are selling nehru jackets as namo jackets.
we have tolerated for long.
now, no more, mamatabanerjee added.
they say moms used to put children to sleep saying gabbar singh aa jayega (gabbar singh will come).
now, industrialists fear gabbar singh, media fears gabbar singh, even youth fear gabbar singh.
there are not one but many gabbar singhs now, she said.
#watch: west bengal cm mamatabanerjee reprimands dig neelamani raju as she came to karnataka vidhana soudha for oa https://t.
co/monbrysgpl  ani (@ani) 1527090636000bengaluru traffic beats every city in the country.
we walked to the swearing-in venue.
beautiful weather made up fo https://t.
co/zlvgcy0l8t  raghav chadha (@raghav_chadha) 1527076628000new delhi.
west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee appears to have lost her cool and reprimanded karnatakas director general of police (dgp) for being made to walk to reach the vidhana soudha for hd kumaraswamys swearing-in ceremony yesterday, in a video shot by ani news agency.
in the video, a visibly miffed mamatabanerjee can be seen expressing her unhappiness to dgp neelamani raju , upon arrival at the venue.
shes also seen walking up to the former prime minister hd deve gowda and having words with him.
after being pacified by gowda and kumaraswamy , mamatabanerjee is seen making her way toward the dais and exchanging pleasantries with other dignitaries present at kumaraswamys oath-taking ceremony.
on the other side, delhi cm arvind kejriwal seemed to have no issues with the arrangements and walked to the oath-taking venue to beat the traffic.
aap spokesperson raghav chadha, who accompanied kejriwal, shared photos of his walk on twitter.
this story is from january 13, 2019the iiit now functions out of webel it park in kalyani.
work is on to construct its permanent campus off kalya.
.
.
read moredownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
kolkata: the first batch of students at indian institute of information technology (iiit), kalyani, has just graduated, 85  of them with placements at reputable firms.
of the 40 students in the first graduation batch, 34 got jobs on graduating after a five-year course of btech in information technology that started in 2014, the placement report at the institute stated.
apart from them, two students opted for higher studies, one at iim-bangalore and another at indian institute of science (iisc), bangalore.
the placement report was discussed at the recent nadia district review meeting chaired by chief minister mamatabanerjee , who expressed her satisfaction.
the institute, which was launched in 2014 with 40 students, started functioning at webel it park in kalyani.
classes are still held there, while work has just started on its permanent campus of 50 acres off kalyani expressway.
banerjee laid its foundation in june 2015.
according to it department officials, iiit kalyani, which has been bestowed with the status of institute of national importance, was set up with the aim to become a world-class educational and research institute.
the first batch of students had got admission through the joint seat allocation authority after qualifying jee (main).
the institute, set up by mhrd, state government and industry partners, is mentored by iit-kharagpur with its director, partha p chakrabarti, being the mentor director.
kolkata: two youths who allegedly posed as cm mamatabanerjee banerjee's nephews, were arrested at ekbalpore on tuesday afternoon for duping job aspirants from andhra pradesh with promises of jobs in the railways for rs 2 lakh each.
police say abhijit bhattacharjee and ujjwal tapadar forged letters in the name of senior railway officials.
one of them claimed to be the youth congress president in durgapur.
the fraud came to light when seven youths landed at howrah station on monday evening saying they were cheated by 'mamata banerjee's nephew sandip banerjee'.
trinamool leaders got in touch with them and laid a trap for the fraudsters with the promise of more money.
the duo came in a bihar-registered suv and were intercepted by trinamool men.
one of them pulled out a pistol but was overpowered and handed to police.
* welcome delegates with a smile* always be polite even at the face of queries address senior delegates as sir* interact with delegates in english* dress perfectlythese are some of the guidelines handed over to the 200-odd police personnel who would be in the inner circle of the fourth edition of bengal global business summit on tuesday and wednesday at the biswa bangla convention centre in new town.
the cops who would be on duty at the business summit this year underwent a course in soft skills in the last two weeks and on sunday, they took part in a mock drill at the convention centre to test their newly learnt skills.
there will be a host of vvip delegates from the country as well as across the globe.
as this is the most prestigious event for our city, weve trained our officers with soft skills to ensure the delegates feel comfortable with the men in uniform around, said a senior officer of bidhannagar commissionerate.
the officer added, while the officers who can communicate in proper english have been kept within the closed ring of the summit, others have been put on duty outside.
we also have help desks and a few personnel with foreign language skills who will work as translators and liaison officers, he said.
according to the officer, some of these men were trained in soft skills, crisis management and how to interact with foreign delegates by the fifa officials before the under-17 world cup last year.
officers with pre-set skills imparted the knowledge to others, the officer said.
the two-day summit will host around 4,000 delegates from india and abroad.
a source in the state government said there will be participation from 30 countries, with eight partner countries  germany, italy, france, poland, united kingdom, south korea, japan and czech republic.
the delegation from china will be the biggest ever from two manufacturing states, an official said.
the state government source said, going by the attendance from the corporate world at the summit, the names which are doing the rounds include  mukesh ambani , adi godrej uday kotak , gautam adani, sunil munjal, sajjan jindal and l n mittal.
mittal and ambani have verbally assured chief minister mamatabanerjee they would attend bgbs.
this story is from november 13, 2018photo for representative purpose onlydownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
kolkata: the national testing agencys (nta) decision to uphold the english version as the final in case of ambiguity in translation of any of the questions has drawn criticism not only from candidates but also the state.
sources in the health department indicated that chief minister mamatabanerjee may write to the human resources and development ministry seeking intervention to ensure students taking the exam in bengali are not victimized over translation errors.
we have experienced two such disastrous bengali versions of neet question papers in 2017 and 2018.
on both the occasions, cm herself had written letters to the hrd, demanding justice to ensure that students from bengali medium appearing in the test in vernacular language are not victimized.
this time, however, she is likely to take up the matter with the centre in advance, before neet 2019 is conducted, said a source in the health department.
in its notification, the nta said that in case of any ambiguity in translation of any of the questions, its english version shall be treated final.
amiya maity, former teacher of sskm hospital who has sent a letter to prime minister narendra modis office in this regard, said: from this declaration, its clear that nta will not take any responsibility for the mistake (s) in regional language question papers and students have to do respective correction (s) in the examination hall according to the english version question.
this announcement of nta admits that its machinery is not fit for holding multilingual vast nation-wide neet (ug) exam.
aritra sengupta, a student preparing for neet in a popular hazra coaching centre, said hes still discussing with the teachers if he should consider taking neet 2019 in english instead of bengali .
kolkata: wipro chairman azim premji will meet chief minister mamatabanerjee on wednesday for the first time since trinamool congress-led coalition took over the reins of the state in may this year.
the head of the it major had visited the city exactly a year ago, when left front was in power and buddhadeb bhattacharjee  premji's friend for many years  was the chief minister.
the meeting was described as a positive one on establishing the it major's second campus at rajarhat, adjacent to sector v. wednesday's meeting will be mamata's first brush with the company.
her government has been in constant touch with infosys.
it also made the company's chairman emeritus n r narayana murthy a member of the state's it mentor group.
premji's meeting assumes significance as the new government will try and win over his it firm to take up its expansion projects.
sources at wipro said premji's current visit was just a courtesy call, but officials in the it department were hopeful that the meeting would help facilitate the much awaited second campus project of the company.
the chief minister would certainly broach the matter as the government has gone out of its way to make way for the infosys project that is located somewhere near the wipro's site.
hidco has been working on a war-footing to prepare infrastructure and the land so that construction can start soon, said an it official.
wipro has bought 50 acres from the state government for setting up its second campus at new town, rajarhat, in the north eastern fringes of the city.
the upcoming project promises an investment of over rs 1,000 crore and jobs for at least 15,000 it professionals.
wipro has already paid 25 , or rs 19 crore, of the price of the rajarhat land.
infosys ceo s gopalakrishnan had met erstwhile chief minister bhattacharjee around this time last year to push his own project.
this story is from november 14, 2018my love and blessings to all children on the occasion of #childrensday.
from #shishusathi to #sabujshree, we have s https://t.
co/uvrbhtppap  mamatabanerjee (@mamataofficial) 1542158580000make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
on children's day , mamatabanerjee showered blessings on all children and said various schemes like 'sabuj shree' and ' shishu sathi ' have been rolled out by her government for their welfare.
my love and blessings to all children on the occasion of #childrensday.
from #shishusathi to #sabujshree, we have several schemes for the welfare of children.
they are the future of our society.
we must take care of them, mamatabanerjee wrote on her twitter handle.
children's day is celebrated on different dates in different countries.
in india, it is celebrated on november 14 on the birthday of jawaharlal nehru nehru, who was fondly called 'chacha nehru', was known for his love for children.
new delhi: bjp chief amit shah and working president j p nadda will be visiting bengal ahead of durga puja.
there are several puja committees who have expressed their desire to have amit shah inaugurate the festivities.
the party leadership discussed organizational matters at a three-hour long meeting at shahs residence on wednesday, where state unit chief dilip ghosh, state leaders mukul roy , former state chief rahul sinha were also present.
bjp has emerged as the main challenger for the ruling trinamool congress headed by chief minister mamatabanerjee in bengal, by pushing congress and left front to distant third and fourth positions respectively.
nadda is scheduled to visit bengal on september 27, to address a program on abolition of article 370 in jammu and kashmir that gave it special status.
but he is likely to return to the state to inaugurate durga puja celebrations in the devi paksha that begins on the day of mahalaya.
this would be nadda's first visit to bengal after taking over as working president of the party.
during his visit, nadda is expected to take stock of the partys organisational matters in the state and study the ground level political situation in the state, with an eye on 2021 assembly polls.
back in kolkata on thursday, ghosh told reporters, there are several puja committees who have expressed their desire to have amit shah inaugurate the festivities.
we have informed him about it, he has said he will look into the requests.
nothing has been finalized yet.
our party leadership has big plans for bengal.
after our success in the last lok sabha polls and in our recent membership drive when we clocked nearly 80 lakh members in the state, bengal is one of the focus states for the party, a state bjp leader said.
this shouldnt happen in a health system which provides free service to all, she said, adding that while 99  of doctors and health employees were honest and efficient, it was the corrupt 1  that sullied reputation of government hospitals.
addressing the sixth convocation of the west bengal university of health sciences , she also called for a system to identify patients from other states and countries who seek free treatment at government hospitals in bengal.
how much money do you need to survive?
even if you dine in a restaurant, you wont be having diamond curry for which you need crores of rupees.
at the end of the day, we all have either rice-dal or rice-meat.
do you need to be dishonest for that?
asked mamata.
she called upon health employees to be honest, work with their heads held high and live with pride.
our doctors see more than 2 lakh patients everyday and 9 crores a year.
we now have1400 doctors in the government sector and have appointed 21,000 new nurses.
but there is still a scarcity of doctors, said mamata.
observing that the state health budget has gone up to rs 8771crore from just rs 571crore eight years ago, mamatabanerjee admitted that misbehaviour and the greed for money was tarnishing the reputation of government hospitals.
lalbazar officers said they have found both internal and external hand in the case.
joint cp (crime) praveen tripathi said they were probing roles of several people.
the state health infrastructure was under a lot of strain due to the additional burden of patients from at least four states, the cm said.
residents of bengal should get preference in government hospitals.
she maintained that doctors in bengal were still among the best in india.
on the neet exam, she felt that bengal students have been deprived.
she said while the state had 1445 medical seats, 400 were being added.
this story is from february 4, 2019mamata mamatabanerjee at the kolkata police commissioner rajeev kumar's residencedownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
kolkata: kolkata police rounded up a team of eight cbi officers who had gone to police commissioner rajeev kumars official bungalow on sunday evening to question him, and forcibly took them to the nearby shakespeare sarani police station, triggering an unprecedented confrontation between the narendra modi government and chief minister mamatabanerjee several hundred city police personnel laid siege to two central government buildings which house cbis offices and the joint directors residence as well as the enforcement directorate  prompting senior bureau officers to approach bengal governor keshari nath tripathi.
banerjee, sensing a political windfall from the cbi operation, first went to the police commissioners residence where she accused the centre of trying to stage a constitutional coup in bengal.
she then drove to the heart of the city to start a dharna against the centres super-emergency.
the siege of central government offices ended around 8pm after an order from the cm to de-escalate the tension.
a team of crpf personnel then formed a cordon around the offices, indicating that the stand-off might continue in the run-up to the lok sabha polls, especially since bjp has emerged as trinamool congresss main opposition in the state.
the series of events started on saturday, with the cbi in delhi upping the ante against kumar.
agency officials alleged kumar was absconding and that he faced imminent arrest for allegedly delaying and diluting an sit probe in the saradha and rose valley chit fund ponzi scam.
this invited a strong rebuttal from mamatabanerjee and senior police officials.
(toi was the only paper that reported all of this in its sunday edition.
)on sunday again, additional commissioner of police jawed shamim convened a press conference at the city polices lalbazar headquarters where he labelled the cbi allegations  of police commissioner kumar absconding  as being baseless, mala fide and defamatory.
kumar had attended office every day, even on weekends, barring one casual-leave day on january 31, shamim added.
the cbi notices to kumar were also under a calcutta high court stay till february 13.
barely an hour after the briefing ended, all hell broke loose.
eight cbi officers (led by deputy superintendent of police tathagata bardhan) knocked at the visitors post at kumars loudon street residence, asking to be let in for official work.
security personnel posted there made the cbi officials wait as others spread the word that the cps residence had been besieged by the cbi.
deputy commissioner of police (south) miraz khaled was the first senior kp official to reach the spot.
he drove from his 35 park street office  a few hundred metres from his bosss residence  to question the cbi officers.
a few dozen cops, who accompanied khaled, tried to force the cbi officers into kp cars.
bardhan initially tried to step into his car, parked a short distance away on short street, while the others tried to cross over to the pavement opposite cp kumars residence.
but kp personnel, who outnumbered the cbi team heavily, succeeded in forcing them into the waiting cars and bundled them to shakespeare sarani police station.
around the same time, another cbi team reached park street police station with some documents but were asked by officer-in-charge to go to shakespeare sarani police station as the cps home fell under the latters jurisdiction.
banerjee herself reached kumars residence a few minutes into the drama around 7.
05 p.
m.
simultaneously, cops started being deployed around cbi offices at the salt lake cgo complex and nizam palace on ajc bose road, which also houses the residence of the cbi joint director (east), the highest-ranking cbi official here.
the siege continued for about an hour, before cops started withdrawing around 8.
30 p.
m.
by now, however, central agencies had decided not to take any risk.
central reserve police force personnel started arriving at these offices in a little while and formed protective cordons around them.
the cm was closeted inside kumars home for 40 minutes, where she met her top security advisors  special security advisor surajit kar purakayastha, state director-general of police virendra, additional director-general (law and order) anuj sharma and kumar himself  as the stand-off continued.
banerjees first comments after she came out indicated that she viewed the cbi measures as a political move and was going to fight this out politically.
they came to the commissioner of polices home without any court order or warrant.
the matter is sub-judice in the calcutta hc and there is a stay order.
this is blatantly wrong and an infringement on our federal structure.
it is not about the person (i rate kumar as the best police officer in the world) but it is about the office he holds.
that office provides security to the city of kolkata and has its own dignity and decorum.
it is my responsibility as the states administrative head to stand by my men and women who work for me and the state, unselfishly, she said.
she then lashed out at the constitutional coup and accused the centre of declaring a super-emergency.
elections are due in some time.
is it a coup?
is it article 355 or article 356 next?
i have been made a target for holding the january 19 united india rally in kolkata.
there was pressure on me but i did not buckle.
i have information that cbi officers were summoned to delhi that very day.
they were told kuchh toh karo (do something).
one person is behind all this; he is national security advisor ajit doval.
he is giving orders to the cbi.
they are taking control of all federal institutions, she said, before declaring that she would stage a dharna till this issue is resolved.
things always start before elections.
we saw this prior to the 2016 assembly polls, then just before the panchayat polls and now again before 2019 lok sabha polls.
kolkata: pinki rajak wakes up every morning at her eighth-floor apartment, overlooking the eastern metropolitan bypass , at 6am.
she takes a hurried bath and spends a few minutes with her morning cuppa, her only luxury in an otherwise dreary day.
as she gulps down her tea, she looks at another eighth-floor apartment in another building across the bypass.
she gets out of her flat, takes the lift downstairs, crosses the busy road and then enters the other building, where she takes another elevator to go to the other eighth-floor apartment that she was eyeing a few minutes ago.
she enters this apartment, ties up her dupatta in a more work-womanlike fashion and gets down to work, which involves washing utensils and clothes and scrubbing the floor clean.
welcome to the world of pinki and shankar rajak, and 79 families like hers, whose worlds have turned upside down  they would say for the better  in the past few days.
all these families used to live in slums along the bypass but have moved up in life  dramatically  after being rehabilitated by kolkata metro rail corporation and the bengal government to make way for the east-west metro project.
pinki has recently shifted to her 285sq ft flat (b-803).
in lottery, her husband prasanta rajak got a sixth-floor flat, but pinki managed to swap hers with the top-floor flat owner.
she now takes great pride standing in the balcony to take a bird's-eye view of the city and, of course, to gaze at her employee's flat across the road.
pinki was one of the slum dwellers at 115, duttabad road, whose rented one-room shack with a common latrine for 50 tenants was marked for demolition for the elevated east-west metro viaduct.
more than 150 such hovels in the duttabad slum had been marked for demolition.
a protest erupted.
politicians joined in.
it was difficult for them to ignore the solid chunk of votes.
it became a movement, leaving a 365m yawning gap between two complete stretches for more than five years.
the state government asked kmrc to make a way out so that the least number of slum dwellings was razed.
the agency put in a lot of effort to reduce the extent of damage  from razing 150 dwellings to 80.
chief minister mamatabanerjee also forced an 'apparent unity' between her two warring mlas.
she further made sure that the rehabilitation of the evicted slum dwellers became a model and provided the land free of cost.
what the kmrc eventually built, spending rs 8 core, became a pride for 80 families and the envy for 70 families whose shanties could be saved.
nishadevi chourasia feels dizzy to look outside from her flat  no.
802  on the eighth floor.
she has never lived so high in her life.
but she loves the kitchen corner of her living space.
the swanky toilet, of course, is an ultimate bliss.
i used to wake up after a nightmare in the middle of the night just to queue up before the latrine.
ganesh dey was a tenant of biswanath bar, who used to be the owner of at least 20 dwellings.
ganesh is now a proud neighbour of biswanath, being a landlord, got two flats  numbers 504 and 505.
with her shift to a high-rise, pinki's aspiration, too, is on the upswing.
her son adarsh rajak used to study at the local duttabad vivekananda vidyapith, but pinki shifted her son to new national, an english-medium school, last march.
i used to pay rs 1,700 as rent.
now, i am a bit worried about the monthly maintenance, which is yet to be decided, she says.
this story is from february 6, 2019download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
bokaro: uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath on tuesday addressed a rally at navkunj ground in purulia district of west bengal despite the trinamool congress government denying permission to land his helicopter there twice, thanks to jharkhands bjp government, which facilitated the landing at barmasiya in bokaro district before he travelled the 30-km distance to the venue by road.
interestingly, yogis landing site was changed from nagenmoad of chas block to barmasiya in neighbouring chandankyari block at the last moment as bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjees nephew abhishek mamatabanerjee was addressing a public meeting in an area which fell on the earlier route yogi was to take to enter bengal.
a bokaro district administration official said within two hours of getting information of banerjees public rally at bartaad, between nagenmoad and navkunj ground in bhangra, they made the chopper land at barmasiya, some 40 km away from the original landing site.
he said dc shailesh kumar choursiya and sp p murgan were present at the site to ensure the safe landing of yogi.
moreover, the road from barmasiya to purulia turned into a virtual fortress with deployment of several security personnel to provide a safe passage to yogis over 30-vehicle carcade, the official said, adding that the up chief minister returned on the same route before heading to ranchi airport.
when yogi landed in barmasiya, thousands of bjp supporters assembled there and gave him a grand welcome.
the security personnel had a hard time escorting him to his waiting vehicle.
this story is from october 26, 2018the 340m-long skywalk will connect the temple with the railway stationdownload the times of india news app for latest citydakshineswar: an elevated pathway, constructed to link the suburban railway station in dakshineswar with the kali temple that draws nearly 1.
4 crore devotees annually, is set to be thrown open to pilgrims on kali puja eve on november 5.
temple authorities hope the 340-metre-long futuristic skywalk will cater to the record footfall that the temple receives on kali puja day.
on thursday, state urban development minister firhad hakim accompanied by kusal chowdhury, trustee and secretary of dakshineswar kali temple kamarhati municipality chairman gopal saha and kmda and barrackpore commissionerate officers visited the dakshineshwar project site to oversee the progress of work.
work is complete and chief minister mamatabanerjee will inaugurate the skywalk on november 5.
the load testing safety certificate for the structure has already been received, he said.
sources said consultant rites and kmda, the project executing agency, had submitted a fitness certificate for the project to high court on october 9.
sources said the minister wanted the walkway to be extended to the under-construction dakshineswar metro station and had already had a word with metro authorities on its integration.
mamata mamatabanerjee and other opposition leaders at tmcs brigade rally in kolkata on january 19.
the cm has stron.
.
.
read moredownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
kolkata: chief minister mamatabanerjee is likely to leave for new delhi on monday evening to attend a february 27 conclave of opposition parties to decide on a common agenda ahead of the 2019 lok sabha polls.
before that, mamatabanerjee is likely to address her senior party functionaries in the partys core-committee meeting at nazrul mancha here.
banerjees delhi visit, her second this month, is aimed at coalescing the opposition into a pre-poll alliance of parties going into elections with a common agenda.
in the february 13 meeting at ncp chief sharad pawars delhi home, congress president rahul gandhi was tasked with preparing a draft common agenda.
it is learnt rahul is expected to present the common agenda at the february 27 meeting that will be held in parliament annexe at 1pm.
the meeting was earlier scheduled to be held in mohali on february 26 but was postponed by a day to accommodate more opposition leaders, trinamool sources indicated.
banerjee has a scheduled programme at press club of india in delhi on tuesday.
the cm, who has strongly advocated a pre-poll alliance, is likely to push her agenda forward, sources said.
senior trinamool leaders argue that a pre-poll alliance will hold them in good stead should the polls throw up a fractured mandate and bjp manages to scrape past congress as the single-largest party.
the trinamool leaders also believe congress should be integral to this formation and that is the reason why mamatabanerjee entrusted rahul with drafting the common agenda.
according to sources, it was mamatabanerjee who had called up rahul requesting him to attend the february 13 meeting.
the trinamool chief had also made it clear that the opposition formation at the national level outweighed regional considerations.
extrapolating, she had indicated that while her party would contest congress in bengal, she was ready to work with it in delhi for the larger good  to topple the modi-led government.
in kolkata, mamatabanerjee is likely to delve into poll-related issues because the address to her key party functionaries will be the last such ahead of polls.
party leaders expect election commission to announce poll dates in the first week of march.
the chief minister will have a significant role to play nationally.
she is likely to be invited for campaigning in at least six to eight mega opposition rallies outside bengal.
this issue must be factored into our local campaigning, said a senior party leader.
in the past elections, her whistle-stop month-long pre-campaign rallies had exceeded 100.
now, this enormous workload must be shared by abhishek mamatabanerjee , partha chatterjee, suvendu adhikari, firhad hakim and aroop biswas, the leader added.
the build-up to this election has been vicious.
the murder of mla satyajit biswas has come as a big blow.
there is a certain anxiety in the lower ranks, a senior party leader said.
it is also largely expected that central agencies, like they had done before previous polls, will target only trinamool leaders for questioning.
we hope the cm addresses these issues.
the party leader has the ability to enthuse the ranks to work for a common goal, the leader added.
kolkata: bengals villages go to vote on monday to decide who will run the three-tier local administrative set-up for the next five years, but the winner-loser debate this time has been overshadowed by a host of factors, ranging from the uncertainty over the date of voting, the multiple cases and hearings in the countrys and the states top courts and the unprecedented number of walkover winners.
the poll also comes as a culmination of several weeks of large-scale violence in districts like birbhum, murshidabad and south 24-parganas and apprehensions over whether the security set-up in place for monday would be enough to prevent even more bloodshed.
the signs 24 hours before the poll were ominous: there were reports of three deaths from west midnapore and malda, the newest flashpoints.
the state election commission (sec), which worked overtime on sunday to ensure that polling and security personnel reach their destinations before 7am on monday, said: we are keeping a close watch on the unfolding situation.
we are taking periodic updates on the bhangor situation.
it also made it clear that it had cautioned the state administration on the volatile south bengal districts, and that it has tasked them to act strongly.
the commission said inclement weather was proving detrimental for the poll parties to reach their destinations and, in some cases, they will reach early on monday.
polling begins at 7am and ends at 5pm.
counting will take place on may 17.
chief minister mamatabanerjee , speaking to a private television channel on sunday, wondered how arms and money were being brought into bengal.
the administration will take strong action against any attempt to breach the peace, she said.
we have already arrested arabul islam, even though he is contesting as a zilla parishad candidate.
i appeal to all political parties to maintain peace.
i would also appeal to people to come out and vote.
banerjee also cautioned people against any deliberate attempt to instigate violence and urged people to remain alert.
with supreme court set to hear out a clutch of poll-related petitions on july 3 and the calcutta high court directive to the state to shell out compensation to victims of any poll-related violence, the poll body and the state are under added pressure, because of the judicial scrutiny.
the ruling trinamool, which had taken an unassailable lead before the votes were cast by winning 20,076 seats (34.
2 ) of the total 58,692 seats in the three tiers of rural local bodies, is contesting all the remaining seats, the only party to do so.
the apex court has asked the sec not to issue winning certificates in case of the uncontested seats.
the state election commission has made provisions for updating all records centrally.
a giant screen will be put up at the sec, which will show live updates about the election, said nilanjan sandilya , sec secretary.
(from left to right) the all-women cabbie force ahead of the launch; one of the drivers at the wheel.
download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
kolkata: the gulabi gang is set to vroom in on wednesday, with chief minister mamatabanerjee inaugurating pink cabs  all driven by women, who conquered many odds to drive their way through a male bastion .
twenty odd cabs, each of which will receive rs 1 lakh government subsidy under gatidhara scheme, will hit the road.
the cabbies are not only safe hands on city roads, but are fine mechanics as well.
in their 30s, these ladies have seen life more than most of the women in their age group.
the life has taught them to be tougher than men and self-defence course has made them ready to take on any abusive man once they hit the road.
but all of them, who have kids, give prime importance to safety of passengers.
i got married in my early teens.
my husband, an alcoholic, still tortures me.
since he loses jobs frequently, i earn for my family by working as a domestic help.
from tomorrow, i will sit at the wheel of my car, said tara sardar of lake gardens.
esno tara bibi, who was driven out of her in-laws place at mograhat in south 24 pargans after she became a mother, never rode a bicycle.
today, she is the safest valet parking attendant at a central kolkata star hotel.
i now drive bmw, porsche, mercedes and you know parking is the most difficult job, she said.
while telling the story of her struggle, she broke into tears.
my brother and father, who never wanted me to go out for work, were surprised when they saw me parking cars one after another at the hotel.
my brother, a tailor, has told me to teach him driving, she added.
shankari haldar, who was married at the age of 10, had a child the next year.
married in a prosperous family, her journey suddenly became tumultuous when she fell in love with a youth.
she got married for the second time with a musician with infrequent earning.
i started working as a maidcum-cook to bring up my three children.
my husband did everything to stop me from driving the car.
i threatened to leave him with my children.
i now wait to be free, she said.
manasi mridha, who left home at the age of 13 and was later driven out of her inlaws house at 14, has seen many ups and downs in her life.
she now trains people to drive.
i had starved for days.
now, my son, who studies in class ix, cooks food at home.
male drivers often block our way.
we honk them mad.
they are forced to give us passage, she signed off, thanking sakha, a non government organisation that trained them and stood beside them during their rough sailing.
new delhi, nov 8 () hitting back at the opposition for criticising demonetisation, finance minister arun jaitley thursday said the prophets of doom have been conclusively proved wrong with india retaining its position as the fastest growing economy for the fifth year in a row.
many opposition leaders have been critical of the prime minister narendra modi's move to demonetise high-value currency notes two years ago.
responding to noteban critics, jaitley said demonetisation has strengthen the economy and increased the government resources to fund poverty alleviation and infrastructure development programmes.
what has happened to 'prophets of doom' who said india's gdp will decline by at least 2 per cent.
for the fifth year running, india will be the fastest growing (large) economy in the world.
it is continuing to happen.
so prophets of doom have been proved wrong and conclusively proved wrong, he told reporters here.
earlier, jaitley in a facebook post said demonetisation has helped in formalising the economy, expanding tax base and earmarking more resources for the poor.
on the controversial noteban decision, former prime minister manmohan singh said scars and wounds caused by demonetisation are getting more visible with time and second anniversary is a day to remember how economic misadventures could roil the nation.
describing demonetisation as an ill-fated and ill-thought exercise, he said the havoc it unleashed on the indian economy and society is now evident to everyone.
the senior congress leader had earlier said that demonetisation would shave off 2 per cent economic growth rate.
among other opposition leaders, aam aadmi party (aap) convener and delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal also questioned the rationale behind the modi government's note ban move and termed it as a self-inflicted deep wound on the indian economy.
joining the chorus, west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee alleged that the demonetisation move was initiated for the benefit of a handful of people, saying the common men were the worst sufferers.
congress's spokesperson anand sharma, at a press conference, also alleged that demonetisation was a big money laundering project.
the modi government on november 8, 2016, demonetised high value currency notes of old 500 and 1000 rupee notes, constituting 86 per cent of the currency in circulation.
defending the demonetisation drive, jaitley said, even when there was global stress, we still manage to have respectable growth rates and we had the courage because of leadership of the prime minister.
.
.
we took decisive steps and these steps which are not economically correct have helped the system in the long run, and the long run in this case does not mean generations, he said.
the finance minister said that demonetisation has favourably impacted tax system, digitisation and formalisation of the india economy.
of course, there is a long distance we still have to cover and i am certain in the coming years the advantage of these movements in the right direction will strengthen the india economy, he said.
giving details of impact of demonetisation, jaitley said the number of income tax return filers has gone up to 6.
86 crore from 3.
8 crore in may 2014.
by the time the first five years of this government are over, we will be close to doubling the assessee base, he said.
he further said with the implementation of the goods and services tax (gst), it is now becoming increasingly difficult to evade the tax system and the indirect tax to gross domestic product (gdp) ratio has gone up to 5.
4 per cent post gst, from 4.
4 per cent in 2014-15.
on the criticism that almost the entire cash money got deposited in the banks post demonetisation, jaitley said confiscation of currency was not an objective of demonetisation.
getting it into the formal economy and making the holders pay tax was the broader objective.
the system required to be shaken in order to make india move from cash to digital transactions.
this would obviously have an impact on higher tax revenue and a higher tax base, jaitley said.
new delhi: after debating the issue for over a decade, the government on thursday threw open the multi-brand retail segment to foreign chains such as wal-mart, carrefour and others in a move to attract overseas investment and dispel doubts about the coalition's ability to push through big-bang reforms.
after nearly two hours of discussion on thursday evening, the union cabinet decided to allow foreign retailers to hold 51  stake in the multi-brand retail sector and also raised the cap on single brand segment to 100 .
the decision, which will be formally announced on friday, comes with several riders including one that restricts its application to only 53 cities that have a population of 1 million or more.
the investment needed for entering the sector has been put at $100 million, 50  of which should be set aside for building backend infrastructure such as cold chains and warehousing.
further, to make the move politically palatable, the government has made it mandatory for foreign retailers to source 30  of their requirement from small and medium enterprises.
although the cabinet approved the fdi policy, at the ground level the decision will have to be taken by the states.
retail trade is a state subject and all requisite clearances have to come from local authorities.
the resistance from bjp, the left and other players which have governments in different states will be an obstacle for an all-india rollout.
at present, the organized retail market is estimated to be worth around $28 billion (around rs 1.
45 lakh crore) and could be nine times bigger by 2020.
the cabinet decision came against the backdrop of not just criticism from the left and bjp, but also resistance from allies such as trinamool and misgivings within the congress, reinforcing the estimate that the timing may have been influenced by the desire to shake off the perception of policy paralysis, government did not waver despite trinamool chief mamatabanerjee going public with her reservations and the uncertainty in congress circles over how the decision may play in poll-bound up and punjab where traders are an important constituency.
even on thursday, there was intense debate within the cabinet with some ministers first seeking the rationale for allowing fdi, source said.
those like urban development minister kamal nath -- who had as commerce minister sought to push the move during upa-1 -- argued in favour of the move saying it should not seen as a move to incentivize fdi.
he reportedly told the ministers that with half the investment going towards investment in back-end retail, the move would promote agriculture and rural development.
but all the ministers did not seem fully convinced and those like defence minister a k antony are said to have expressed concern over the impact of the liberalisation on neighbourhood mom-and-pop stores.
at this point, those in favour of the proposal argued that while the proposal was being seen as a big reform move, it would only have a limited impact given that stores could only be opened in 53 cities, of which only one is in kerala.
on the issue of opposition from the bjp and the left, the ministers also said that ultimately, the decision to allow stores was with the state government and whoever did not want global chains could deny permission.
west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee had gone public with her opposition to the move as soon as the proposal became common knowledge.
in fact, commerce & industry minister anand sharma, who piloted the proposal, on thursday went on a wooing mission to the bengal day function where mamatabanerjee had come.
during the cabinet meeting, her envoy, railway minister dinesh trivedi, sought more consultations on the proposal although by one account he is said to have come around to it.
the move to open up the multi-brand sector comes nearly 16 years after it was initially planned.
it was blocked several times due to stiff opposition from traders, opposition parties and also due to differences within respective coalitions.
critics had said opening the sector would lead to massive job losses.
the government is expected to make an announcement on the issue in parliament on friday.
analysts said the cabinet's decision to open up the sector was bold as it came in the middle of a noisy parliament session where the government is battling opposition charges over the price situation and corruption.
it also comes ahead of crucial elections in uttar pradesh.
the state had strongly opposed opening of retail units forcing reliance retail to shut up in uttar pradesh.
industry groups, which have been lobbying for years to open up the sector, cheered the government's decision.
the first signs of the government's resolve to liberalise the sector was evident from the speed with which several ministries moved on the issue.
sources had told toi that upa chairperson sonia gandhi had given her nod to move ahead with reform in the retail sector.
prime minister manmohan singh and finance minister pranab mukeherjee had also strongly backed the move.
the government until now allowed 51  fdi in wholesale cash-and-carry where global players such as wal-mart and carrefour are only allowed to sell to bulk customers such as hotels, canteens and even local retailers.
a government panel headed by chief economic adviser in the finance ministry kaushik basu had recommended opening up the multi-brand retail sector and reforming the agriculture produce marketing committee act (apmc) act to tackle stubbornly high food inflation.
policymakers say foreign retailers will bring in technology and invest in setting up logistics chains and warehousing which will cut down on wastage and improve supplies.
global retail giants such as wal-mart, carrefour, tesco and others have been eyeing the lucrative sector for years.
several indian retailers have said they are ready with plans to sell stakes to foreign firms if the valuations are attractive.
the mass burial in enayetpur of nine labourers, who died in the bhadohi factory blast, was attended by politic.
.
.
read moredownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
enayetpur (28km from malda): residents of this malda village, off the state highway, have never seen so many vip cars reaching their homes to mourn the deaths of nine local labourers, whose bodies reached the village from uttar pradesh on wednesday.
the labourers were killed in a blast at a carpet factory in ups bhadohi.
congress-turned-trinamool mp mousam noor, former minister sabitri mitra, sabhadipati gour mandal and district trinamool president moyajjem hossain postponed their programmes to attend the final farewell.
the coffins were laid on the dais set up at enayetpur ground for public viewing.
the leaders climbed the dais amid thousands of villagers and placed wreaths on the bodies.
mousam noor in her short speech thanked chief minister mamatabanerjee for her support to the victims families.
malda district magistrate koushik bhattacharya and superintendent of police arnab ghosh were present on the dais.
congress mlas isha khan and mottakim hossain, however, werent called to the dais by the organisers when the leaders reached the ground to pay their last respects.
west bengal municipal affairs minister firhad hakim had assured all help to victims families on the day of the tragedy on saturday.
he reached enayetpur on sunday and handed over rs 2 lakh to each victims family.
on wednesday, bengals ruling party arranged for the mass burial, for which all panchayat members were told to show up.
the bodies were kept at malda medical college on tuesday evening and brought to the village only on wednesday.
a district administration team had been sent to up to bring back the bodies.
bjp district president sanjit mishra accused the ruling trinamool of doing dirty politics with the dead.
tmc is doing dirty politics over the deaths of labourers.
it is visibly an election campaign for the party, he said.
cpm leader ambar mitra said: we too have sympathy for the victims.
but how can one think of doing politics with the dead?
while political leaders were busy getting prominence at the condolence meet, villagers such as isfak momin and rabiul sk gave vent to their frustration.
we never wanted to go out of the state.
let the government arrange similar work here, with so many local youths involved in this trade.
download the times of india news app for latest citykolkata: mamatabanerjee , the guardian-next-door  sometimes warm, sometimes stern but always concerned and caring  gave the biggest mid-term boost that mamatabanerjee , the chief minister, probably needed in her hour of crisis.
the bengal cm and her administration, which seemed to be on a collision course with the striking junior doctors till friday afternoon (when she delivered her outsider speech in north 24 parganas bijpur), radically altered their approach in the course of one evening and pulled off one of their biggest public-relations wins in recent memory, evident in the thunderous applause that followed the nabanna meeting on monday.
senior government officials told toi on monday that it was fridays sequence of events that was critical to the turnaround.
banerjee went to sskm hospital on thursday, where she delivered her outsider jibe at striking doctors while taking up the cause of suffering patients.
on friday, at the north 24 parganas meet, she repeated her outsider line around 2.
30pm.
it was also on friday that several senior physicians made up their mind to resign from the state health service to follow in the footsteps of their junior colleagues, who had started tendering mass resignations as a mark of protest against the government.
a few hours later, however, some of the same doctors  who were contemplating giving up their career in the public sector  were at nabanna by banerjees side.
four of them were senior doctors held in high esteem by the medical fraternity but also considered to be pillars of the governments healthcare set-up, officials said.
their senior, 83-year-old veteran physician sukumar mukherjee, made up the last member of the group of five.
state director of medical education pradip mitra, anyway, had been the key negotiator with striking doctors.
together, these half-a-dozen senior physicians became the mamatabanerjee governments intermediaries to reach out to agitators.
the cm had, finally, found a key core group  made up of respected medical professionals who were also trusted by the establishment  to bridge the gap between the medical fraternity and the government.
the dmes appeal to students to come to the negotiation table was followed by another appeal by the group of five.
the cm played along, waiting patiently at nabanna till 9pm on friday, for the same doctors who were still issuing strong anti-government statements from the nrs campus.
it was the same evening that doctors  and the rest of bengal  heard mamatabanerjee say (in an interview to a bengali news channel): behead me if you want but resume work.
on saturday, around 6pm, the cm followed it up with an offer that was difficult to refuse.
she again asked willing junior doctors even as she appealed to others in the name of humanity to resume work and promised that there would be no coercive action.
and, if they found her unacceptable, they could talk to the state chief secretary or even the governor (who had already met a group of striking doctors).
the doctors, by this time, sensed that the continuing strike was turning public opinion against them.
they, too, made a climbdown on sunday  promising to talk at any time, any place  instead of insisting that the cm come down to nrs to talk.
the stage had been set.
mondays meeting found a vintage mamatabanerjee greeting the junior doctors: frank, warm, concerned about their safety and caring and, above all, having lots of patience.
she listened more, spoke less and, when she did, she went directly to the point that the agitators wanted answers to.
she appreciated a lot of suggestions, asked bureaucrats to note them down and take action and made the junior doctors feel at home, right down to an invite to sharing tea and snacks after the 100-minute negotiation.
tomra bosho.
cha-ta khao.
ota type korte ektu samay lage.
hoye gele diye debe.
amar kono problem nei (hang on for tea and snacks.
it will take time to type the minutes of the meeting.
you will get it when it is done.
i have no problem, she said.
it was as if a doctor was speaking to her patients, trying to diagnose what was wrong and prescribing the right medicine.
before that, she had said what must have been music to the agitators looking for a way out of a week-long stalemate: i have condemned it (violence against doctors) earlier.
doctors and teachers are like god.
we respect them.
people should not take law in their own hands.
we have to thwart such untoward incidents and take strong action.
asaduddin owaisimim has held 20 public meetings in west bengalhyderabad: even as bjp is looking to turn politics in west bengal on its head, hyderabad mp asaduddin owaisis party, all india majlis-e-ittehadul muslimeen ( aimim ), too has set up base in the state.
owaisi told toi on thursday that he is also looking to expand in rajasthan and jharkhand as well.
this yolk of secularism and this huge responsibility on muslims to ensure that secular candidates win has weakened, owaisi said.
the community has realised that despite voting (for the congress and other such parties) they are not able to defeat bjp.
in rajasthan, there is realisation (among muslims) that they need a political voice, especially after the judgement of pehlu khan and bjp winning so many parliament seats.
pehlu was a cattle trader from haryana who was lynched in alwar in 2017, allegedly by cow protection groups.
earlier this month, a local court had acquitted all six people accused in the case.
owaisi added that leaders and social groups from west bengal had been asking him to expand his party in the state even before the 2019 lok sabha elections.
owaisi said some sections from west bengal asked him to expand mim.
i had asked them to wait till the elections are over.
now that the results are out, we are going ahead with the expansion, he added.
the party has already held at least 20 well-attended public meetings in muslimdominated areas of howrah, kolkata, uttar dinajpur, dakshin dinajpur, nadia and asansol.
the majlis leaders talk about the poor condition of muslims, based on documents like the sachar committee report and attack both chief minister mamatabanerjee and bjp.
aimim offices have also been set up, but the state unit is yet to be formed.
aimim is making a foray into west bengal at a time when mamatabanerjee is under attack from bjp for what it calls the state governments 'appeasement policy' and fuelling a hindu-muslim divide in the eastern state that shares a porous border with bangladesh.
bjp has also alleged that the state government has allowed bangladeshi migrants to sneak into the country illegally and settle in dinajpur, nadia, murshidabad and malda districts.
sources in aimim say they are targeting these areas and getting substantial traction.
many in the state feel that only asaduddin owaisi has the strength to fight bjp.
only aimim can counter bjp just like chief counters them in parliament, says syed asim waqar, in charge of aimim in west bengal.
we have also seen many people joining us, including from trainamool and congress.
among them are professors and other professionals.
speaking about the partys presence in rajasthan, owaisi said, at this point, they are only meeting different groups and exploring possibilities, but no public meetings have been held.
many people are coming from rajasthan to meet me.
there is also an important group which has many responsible people, said the hyderabad mp.
cops arrest a bjp supporter in front of arjun singhs house on sundaybjp leaders mukul roy and kailash vijayvargiya visit(left) in hospital (pti photo)barrackpore/kolkata: barrackpore mp arjun singh suffered head injuries in clashes between bjp and trinamool supporters that broke out on sunday  after a few weeks lull  in the trouble-torn bhatpara-jagaddal belt in north 24 parganas, about 40km from kolkata.
the trouble started, sources said, over the capture of a bjp office at shyamnagar, allegedly by trinamool supporters, prompting police to lathicharge, use teargas shells and fire in the air.
singh claimed he got injured in the police lathicharge  specifically by barrackpore police commissioner manoj vermas baton  when he and his supporters were on a peaceful agitation.
he had to be given eight stitches in the head, and is now recuperating in a kolkata hospital.
bjp has called a 12-hour barrackpore bandh on monday and announced a statewide protest plan.
singh is a former four-time trinamool mla, who shifted to bjp before the lok sabha elections earlier this year and defeated heavyweight dinesh triverdi in a close-fought contest.
bjp leader mukul roy apprised prime minister narendra modi and union home minister amit shah about the incident, demanding a cbi enquiry.
trouble started brewing when bjp supporters, led by singh and his son pawan, were attending a blood-donation camp at mohanpur.
i got news that a group of armed trinamool workers were trying to occupy our party office near shyamnagar railway station.
when i reached the spot, they attacked my car, singh said.
residents said singhs supporters pulled down trinamool festoons and images of chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjee.
singhs supporters were also engaged in brick-throwing, some said.
the party office, which was recaptured by trinamool supporters, had been taken over, allegedly by bjp workers, soon after singhs lok sabha victory.
a police team, led by barrackpore police commissioner manoj verma, resorted to a lathi-charge when we were agitating peacefully, said the mp.
i was hit on the head when vermas baton struck my head, causing a deep wound.
verma said denied the charge.
i do not know how the mp got injured but it was not from the baton of any policeman.
we can only find that out from video footage captured by media personnel.
we have recovered a 9mm pistol from the spot, he said.
bengal police backed vermas claims.
singh was injured after his own supporters started pelting stones.
he did not pay heed to police requests and provoked his supporters to attack the cops.
several policemen, including the commissioner, are injured in the attack by hooligans.
a pistol has been snatched and a bomb was thrown aimed at the cops from the roof singhs house, the police said on their official twitter handle.
a photograph of an injured policeman was also released by the cops.
video grab showed bjp supporters attacking police, including verma.
the images show verma trying to cover himself and then leading the charge back with a pistol in hand, which he fires in the air once.
he is trailed by a handful of cops in riot gear.
later, a group also lobbed crude bombs at singhs central party office, majdur bhawan, adjacent to his house at bhatparas meghna more.
singhs son, bhatpara mla pawan, blocked the road near circus more at jagaddal.
late at night, police laid siege on singhs home.
state minister and trinamool congresss north 24 parganas observer jyotipriya mallick claimed bjp supporters had forcibly taken over trinamools party office in barrackpore.
denying any involvement of trinamool supporters, he said: they [the bjp] had taken over more than 300 of our party offices in the bhatpara-jagaddal and kankinara areas.
they even tried to remove photographs of chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjee.
bjps national working president j p nadda said: this incident is highly condemnable.
by resorting to such ill means, trinamool has been murdering democracy in west bengal.
salboni: jsw cement plans to invest rs 400 crore to increase the production capacity at its salboni cement plant from 2.
4 mtpa to 3.
6 mtpa (million tonnes per annum), besides setting up an 18 mw (mega watt) captive power plant in the same location, jsw cement managing director parth jindal said on sunday.
the current installed capacity at the salboni plant is 2.
4 mtpa.
we plan to build another 1.
2 mtpa capacity which will require rs 300 crore.
the construction will start after six months.
the company has already started commercial production at salboni in august, with an investment of rs 800 crore on the 2.
4 mtpa capacity.
presently, the total installed capacity of jsw cement pan-india stands at 11.
6 mtpa, jindal said, adding that another rs 100 crore would be spent on the 18 mw captive power plant.
chief minister mamatabanerjee would inaugurate the salboni plant on monday.
jindal said, it will be a huge day for us.
the team has worked hard for the last 24 months to develop bengals largest cement plant  a world class asset dedicated to the development of bengal .
ramping up production at the salboni plant spread over 133 acres, jindal indicated, is part of the companys vision to build a cement capacity of 20 mtpa by 2020.
jindal said that jsw cement would bid for the assets of binani cement and kalyanpur cement which were with the national company law appellate tribunal for a resolution.
he said jsw would partner with private equities to bid for the assets of binani cement, having a capacity of 11 mtpa.
the capacity of kalyanpur cement in bihar is one mtpa.
the salboni plant was jsw cements first foray in the eastern india markets.
it boasts of producing the most eco-friendly type of cement which reduces harmful co2 emissions, sources indicated.
at the salboni plant, the company has so far given jobs to 155 people from the families whose land was taken for the project.
in addition, 300 people were recruited on a permanent basis.
company sources said among the 488 land losers, 300 had applied for employment.
among them 255 were skilled.
the rest will also be absorbed in phases, a source said.
kolkata: amri hospitals suspended its mukundapur facility unit head jayanti chatterjee on friday in connection with the death of oyetri dey .
the hospital also set up an internal committee to investigate the alleged medical negligence in the death of the twoand-a-half year old girl.
the parents have called for a protest march in front of amri mukundapur on saturday.
oyetris parents alleged medical negligence after the child died on wednesday morning.
the unit heads alleged rude behaviour with the grieving parents escalated the situation.
the deys lodged a complaint against chaterjee with the west bengal clinical establishment regulatory commission (wbcerc) as well.
we will look into the allegations thoroughly, said justice (retired) asim kumar roy, wbcerc chairperson.
the deys alleged that oyetri suffered from convulsion after being administered augmentin injection and died.
the hospital, however, said no antibiotic was administered to the child on that day.
doctors said augmentin is one of the safest first-line antibiotic, commonly used on children with chest and throat infection.
any antibiotic can cause anaphylactic reaction when administered for the first time.
it could be that the child was exposed to augmentin earlier, said dr prabash prasun giri , paediatric icu in-charge at institute of child health the internal committee, comprising a paediatrician, a paediatric intensivist, an intensivist, a general surgeon, a pathologist and the chief of nursing head, met on friday.
meanwhile, the family of traffic accident victim goutam pal (34), who died at woodlands nursing home on tuesday, met chief minister mamatabanerjee on friday.
later, they, lodged a medical negligence complaint with the regulatory commission against the hospital.
we knocked on the cms door with great hope and she assured us a fair probe into the death, said mita, goutams widow.
from what the cm said, the advantage of being listed as a backward district was obvious.
she said 30  of the funds for these health projects had already been sanctioned by the centre, the detailed project reports had been drawn up and balance of 70  would be released next year.
the other districts would have to wait for the fund-starved state government to take up similar projects.
but according to the list, only four districts in north bengal are listed as backward: jalpaiguri, north dinajpur, south dinajpur and malda.
darjeeling must be included in the list of backward regions.
we are not getting any fund at all, said gjm general secretary roshan giri.
chief secretary samar ghosh said the state government would write to the centre for inclusion of darjeeling in the backward region list.
earlier, giri, along with gjm central committee member harka bahadur chhetri, had an hour-long meeting with the cm.
they also had a separate meeting with the chief secretary and home secretary g d gautama.
the visit of gjm leaders was to discuss some thorny issues that had developed because of delay in formation of the gorkhaland territorial administration.
though the gjm leaders asserted that they had not budged from the demand for a separate gorkhaland state, from what giri said it was obvious that this was not on their immediate list of priorities.
the important thing is inclusion of darjeeling in the list of backward regions, giri replied when asked about a recent public meeting of gorkha yuba morcha at mongpoo where the youth wing of gjm had asked for revival of the gorkhaland demand.
giri wanted, however, the process of formation of gta to be expedited, saying that the government-appointed high power committee that was identifying areas in dooars and terai that would be included in gta was slow in its work.
the tenure of the committee was supposed to have ended on january 18, but now it had asked for an extension.
the chief secretary said the high-power committee would be given an extension if it wanted.
he said the process of formation of gta had already been initiated.
the bill on gta that had been passed in the assembly was awaiting the president's assent, it could take another about three months.
after that the process of delimitation of constituencies for holding the gta election would be carried.
the whole process could take three to four months.
among the other issues the gjm leaders discussed were employment of gorkha youths in the police and the para-military forces which had been agreed upon in the gta agreement and clearance of pending electricity and telephone bills in the hills.
giri said the bridge at bijenbari that had collapsed would be reconstructed.
kolkata: on kalighat road adjoining harish chatterjee street where chief minister mamatabanerjee resides, a brawny bajrangbali has upstaged the dainty basanti and annapurna this year.
on the eve of hanuman jayanti , sculptors at kalighat patuapara or sculptors colony were busy painting bajrangbali idols in different postures  kneeling on one knee, standing proud or seated regally  and varied dimensions (3ft to 12ft) on friday.
the bare torso with sculpted muscles were all painted saffron.
around this time of the year, the clay sculptors are usually busy with traditional idols of basanti and annapurna.
but this year, they are busy executing orders of new bajrangbali idols while the semi-finished bamboo and straw structures of traditional annapurna and basanti idols have been relegated to the rear in street-side studios that line either flank of kalighat road.
orders for bajrangbali first trickled in around four years ago, taking the idol-makers at kumartuli in north kolkata and kalighats patuapara in south by surprise.
there were a few bajrangbali temples in the city but hanuman jayanti was not quite a community festival in kolkata.
so when an order came last year, it was a pleasant surprise.
since we did not have any prior knowledge of making hanuman idols, those who placed orders provided an image downloaded from the internet.
i made the idol accordingly, recounted sculptor nepal chitrakar.
this year, chitrakar received orders for three bajrangbali idols, one of 4ft and two others of 7ft.
not just him, at least a dozen sculptors have received orders for multiple idols, each fetching anything between rs 6,500 and rs 25,000.
bajrangbali is becoming a phenomenon.
it was a popular god across the hindi belt but in kolkata, its worship was limited to a few temples dedicated to hanumanji.
now even local clubs in predominantly non-bengali localities are celebrating hanuman jayanti in a major way, said sculptor pradip rudra pal.
there is definitely a political colour to whats happening.
since the fall of the communist government, the number of festivals has gone up.
there are more sitala pujas in localities.
the number of kali pujas has also gone up.
after 2014, a few festivals like ganesh chaturthi, sherawali and hanuman jayanti that were low key have gained prominence, he remarked.
this story is from january 19, 2019thousands throng victoria memorial whenever there is a rally in the maidan area.
download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
kolkata: the citys tourist hotspots, including alipore zoo and victoria memorial hall, rode piggyback on the influx of people from the districts on the eve of saturdays mega rally to clock record crowds on friday.
the zoo was the top draw on friday with over 19,000 people buying tickets.
in comparison, the footfall was a shade under 10,000 on wednesday.
the zoo remains shut on thursdays.
there is a nearly 100  jump in the number of visitors.
most of them have come from the districts, including north bengal, for the rally.
with thousands expected to pour in on saturday, the police have asked us to open the zoo earlier than usual.
hence, we will be opening at 7am-7.
30am instead of 9am, said alipore zoological garden director ashis kumar samanta.
ticketing staff and cleaners have been asked to report to work at least two hours earlier.
the cleaning and sweeping has to be completed by 7am.
with transport a problem, some staff will stay over on friday night so that they can start the day early, said samanta.
security will also be beefed up at the enclosures for tiger, chimpanzee, giraffe and kangaroo, which draw the largest crowds.
police estimate around 55,000-60,000 people will visit the zoo on saturday.
situated less than 2km from the rally ground, it is expected to take some load off the rally venue that is expected to spill over on saturday when chief minister mamatabanerjee joins hands with several other national leaders to give a unity call for the narendra modi governments ouster.
at victoria, located right across brigade parade ground, the visitor count doubled as well.
on saturday, the queue to enter the sprawling garden is expected to get even longer.
while rallyists would earlier spill over to the garden, the fencing of vmh will ensure there is no unauthorised entry.
the central industrial security force (cisf) that is in charge of vmh security will be present in full strength, but gardeners are worried that the flowering plants and shrubs may get trampled by the sea of people that will descend on saturday.
this story is from december 26, 2018nirendranath chakrabortydownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
kolkata: that amalkantis only wish was to become the sunbeam is part of kolkatas lore .
so much so that when his creator, nirendranath chakraborty , breathed his last on tuesday afternoon, his friends and admirers said he had finally found his place in the sun.
at 94, chakraborty was the senior-most bengali poet and his passing away was described by juniors as the loss of a guardian.
as chakraborty would say, poetry was his mother tongue and he would steal time from it to write prose.
poetry comes naturally to me from what i see around me .
i dont have to imagine much he often said.
mentally agile till the end, he worked diligently to add to his poetic volumes.
so, the announcement of his death at a mukundapur private hospital came as a shock and disbelief to most poets.
he had become frail and had been suffering from age-related problems.
on monday, he suffered a heart attack, from which he did not recover, doctors said.
born on october 19, 1924, at faridpur in erstwhile east bengal, chakrabortys education started at a paathshala there.
after the family shifted to kolkata in 1930, he was admitted to mitra institution .
after finishing school, he went to bangabasi college and st pauls college.
in 1954, when he was 30, chakrabortys first book of poems, neel nirjan, was published, marking the unstoppable beginning of a long and rich literary career.
following neel nirjan, andhakar baranda, nirakta karabi, nakshatra joy-er janya, aaj sokale were published, each winning the heart of readers.
the lines, amalkanti roddur hote cheyechhilo from his poem, amalkanti and raja tor kapor kothay from ulanga raja went on to attain cult status, as did his kolkatar jishu and batasi.
the winner of sahitya akademi award in 1974, he represented india in the world poetry festival in 1990.
chakraborty would often stun those around him with his vast knowledge of bengali linguistics, derivatives and spellings.
for example, i did not know the spelling of haritaki.
he taught me.
this is just one example.
he would often teach me the right spellings.
this is not all.
the fact that i write for children is because he handheld me into it.
but for his insistence, i would never have, said writer shirshendu mukhopadhyay.
those of us who write poetry today have been inspired by him.
he used to play with meter and rhyme so fluidly that it amazed everyone.
the most striking thing was that he wrote youthfully and never let his age catch up with his writing, said film director and poet buddhadeb dasgupta.
poet joy goswami described chakraborty as one of the chief modern poets.
he was a multifaceted talent, right from his knowledge of bengali linguistics to meter and rhyme, his experimentation with styles and genres and the ease with which he traversed the world of children and adults was inimitable.
i salute his prose, too, goswami said.
chief minister mamatabanerjee expressed her condolences.
this is a big loss for all of us.
his immense contributions to bengali literature will keep him alive forever, the cm tweeted.
.
.
.
we had conferred on him the banga bibhusan honour in 2017.
my condolences to his family.
education minister partha chatterjee paid his respects: his mortal remains will be kept at rabindra sadan till the evening to let people pay their last tribute.
the body will then be taken to his residence briefly before being cremated with a gun salute.
kolkata: bengal has made a fresh appeal to odisha and telangana to plug its forces deficit for the panchayat polls, a senior officer said on sunday.
bengal had earlier written to five states seeking more forces.
however, pressed to submit a detailed security plan in the calcutta high court on tuesday, the state chose to make a fresh appeal to the two neighbouring states.
sources also indicated that even chief minister mamatabanerjee had taken up the issue at appropriate levels.
the state is keen to complete the poll process in one day on may 14.
however, on its own, it is failing to match up to the state election commissions requirements.
the states proposal for an armed guard in each polling premise and a constable in every booth has failed to cut ice with sec till now.
with the security plan also likely to be under the hc glare, the state is trying hard to plug the force deficit of about 39,000 personnel.
in a bid to step up pressure on the beleaguered poll body, bjp on sunday alleged that state election commissioner a k singh had been receiving threats from trinamool congress over conduct of panchayat polls, and his mobile was being tapped and landline calls were recorded.
the announcement of a one-phase panchayat poll on may 14 has been made under threat and intimidation by trinamool congress leaders and ministers.
the sec should apprise the court of the situation in a private statement to clear the air, bjp national secretary rahul sinha told a press conference.
sec a k singh had even told a bjp delegation that his mobile phone is being tapped and the landline calls are recorded, sinha claimed.
this story is from february 4, 2019west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee sits on her 'save the constitution' dharna.
(pti)make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
kolkata: west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjee's sit-in over the cbi 's attempt to question the kolkata police commissioner in connection with chit fund scams continued on monday.
banerjee, who sat on the dharna around 8.
30 pm sunday to protest against the attack on constitutional norms, was seen speaking to trinamool congress (tmc) leaders at the protest site on monday morning.
an all-out war broke out between the centre and the mamatabanerjee government on sunday, with the feisty west bengal leader beginning the sit-in protest in front of metro cinema over the issue.
some road restrictions have been imposed in the metro cinema area in the heart of the city where the sit-in is being held.
the tmc supremo had said she would not attend the assembly, where the state budget would be placed by finance minister amit mitra, on monday.
prior to that, a cabinet meeting would be held inside a makeshift room set up behind the stage.
tmc sources said mamatabanerjee was scheduled to attend a meeting of the party's farmers' wing in an indoor stadium here.
however, she might not go there and other party leaders would address the meeting.
samajwadi party leader kiranmoy nanda reached the dharna venue to express the party's solidarity with mamatabanerjee over the issue.
other national leaders such as congress president rahul gandhi, andhra pradesh chief minister m chandrababu naidu, delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal, samajwadi party chief akhilesh yadav spoke to mamatabanerjee on sunday night.
banerjee, one of the prime movers behind the effort to cobble together an anti-bjp alliance ahead of the lok sabha polls, alleged that prime minister narendra modi and bjp president amit shah want to impose president's rule in whatever states the opposition is in power.
sharad pawardownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
mumbai: ncp president sharad pawar said on saturday that west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee , her andhra pradesh counterpart chandrababu naidu and former uttar pradesh cm mayawati would be top contenders for the prime ministers post if the modi-led nda fails to secure a clear majority.
narendra modi was chief minister of gujarat before taking over as the pm.
in my opinion, since the possibility of the nda securing a clear majority is remote, mamatabanerjee , naidu and mayawati are better options for the pms post, pawar told toi.
pawar denied reports put out by a tv channel that he had said, in an interview, that the three regional satraps were better pm candidates than congress president rahul gandhi.
he told toi that rahul had himself made it clear on several occasions that he was not in the race for the pms post.
so any debate on that (point) has no relevance, pawar said.
a week ago, when naidu and pawar were in mumbai, naidu had said he was not eyeing the pms post and that the primary goal of his party, tdp, was to defeat the bjp in the lok sabha polls.
earlier during the poll campaign, pawar had claimed in an interview to toi that the bjps tally in the lok sabha would be drastically reduced owing to its governments failure on all fronts.
i feel that the bjps tally will go down by at least 100 seats and that the nda may not be able to secure a clear majority.
we will have to work on new options for the prime ministers post, pawar had said.
however, he had said he was not in the running for the top post.
the ncp is contesting only 22 seats.
even if we win all 22, we would not even come close to the figure required for formation of the government.
it would be irrational to even think about becoming pm, pawar had stated.
a senior congress leader said that while there was no mahagathbandhan, in the event the nda fails to secure a majority, pawar would play a crucial role in organising anti-nda parties.
pawar could mobilise the support of all anti-bjp parties to ensure modi is kept out of power.
we will not be surprised then if the shiv sena too supports his proposal, the congress leader said.
indore: senior lawyer ram jethmalani on sunday predicted that a third force will soon emerge to counter bjp and it would be led by mamatabanerjee who'd become the next prime minister of this country.
i am sure that before i die, this force will have done its job, jethmalani said at indore press club .
he was in indore to attend a private law summit.
jethmalani said that he was looking for a third force that will consist of good and honest people from every political party to help make india rich again.
defending mamatabanerjee , he said the bengal cm may seem rude in speech but her intentions are good and she deserves to be the next pm.
when a person is a strict and wants to do their duty, there are people who will make false accusations and mamatabanerjee is innocent, he said.
on pm narendra modi , he said: i believed in mr modi, which i should not have.
well, i am still suffering in mind and body for the sin i committed.
the former president of the bar council of india and law minister said there was corruption in the judiciary but stopped short of elaborating on it.
the tmc supremo insisted that justice should be meted out to all indian brothers and sisters.
earlier i was not aware of the full nrc fiasco.
in fact, names of thousands and thousands of genuine indians, including those of crpf and other jawans, family members of former president fakhruddin ali ahmed, have been excluded (from the list), she said.
the updated national register of citizens (nrc), which identifies bona fide indian citizens in assam, was released on saturday.
a total of 3,30,27,661 people had applied for inclusion in the register.
of them, 19,06,657 were excluded, a statement from the nrc state coordinator's office said.
the government must take care that genuine indians are not left out and justice is meted out to all of our genuine indian brothers and sisters, mamatabanerjee added.
on saturday, the cm had expressed concern over the exclusion of large number of bengalis from the register.
dubbing the updated final nrc as a fiasco, she had said it exposed those who are trying to gain political mileage out of the exercise.
we are shocked that the guru ravidas temple in delhi was demolished and understand his supporters' anguish, as the https://t.
co/dkdsyet9vp  mamatabanerjee (@mamataofficial) 1566488719000kolkata: west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on thursday expressed shock over the demolition of a guru ravidas temple in new delhi.
banerjee said she could understand the dalits' anguish since the guru himself had visited the temple and stayed there.
we are shocked that the guru ravidas temple in delhi was demolished and understand his supporters' anguish, as the guru had himself visited and stayed there, mamatabanerjee wrote on her twitter handle this evening.
the delhi development authority (dda) had demolished the temple on august 10 on the orders of the supreme court.
the delhi police has arrested 96 people for their alleged involvement in a violent protest following the demolition.
we have great respect for sant ravidas.
the shrine symbolises the dalits' struggle for their rights and must be rebuilt, mamatabanerjee added.
this story is from november 21, 2018cm mamatabanerjee (file photo)download the times of india news app for latest citykolkata: chief minister mamatabanerjee on tuesday formed an 11-member committee headed by chief secretary moloy de to strengthen the states anti-spitting drive home secretary atri bhattacharya, director general virendra and kolkata police commissioner rajeev kumar and kmc commissioner khalil ahmed, along with the department heads of environment, urban development, health, housing and transport, will be part of the panel we have seen people polluting public places by spitting and throwing garbage.
we are spending lakhs to keep the city clean, and paint walls and bridges.
it is time we raise awareness of the common people, too, to stop this nuisance, urban development minister firhad hakim said.
kolkata: a bengal government circular asking the cooch behar inspector of schools to identify state-run and aided institutions that have more than 70  students from the minority community has had the bjp leadership railing against tmcs appeasement policy.
the circular states that the minority affairs department needs the data to decide on constructing dining halls in these schools.
bjp termed the circular discriminatory and divisive.
students should get equal amenities in schools.
i have no objection to schools having dining halls where mid-day meals can be served.
but this should be applicable to all students.
why is the government creating a division between hindu and muslim students?
state bjp president dilip ghosh said.
chief minister mamatabanerjee on friday clarified that her government planned to construct dining halls in all state-run and aided schools.
contesting allegations of discrimination, she said her government was only pooling funds from various departments to meet this objective.
according to her, the state government decided to construct dining halls is schools because students were often forced to have their mid-day meals in the open.
we are simply following the guidelines of the government of india.
sourcing funds is a technical matter.
the idea is to pool funds from different departments so that the scheme can be effectively implemented.
the state bjp chief countered that he hadnt heard of any such central guideline.
the school education department has already allocated rs 200 crore for construction of dining halls in 4,647 primary schools and 1,524 upper primary schools.
the cm issued the clarification after an image of the government circular, dated june 25, was posted on twitter by the state bjp president on thursday night.
you are requested to send the names of the government/government-aided schools having minority students more than 70 per cent as per format given below within june 28 positively.
this is for sending a proposal to the aforesaid department for construction of dining hall for mid-day meal in schools, the circular states.
picture used for representational purpose onlykolkata: the west bengal government has decided to reduce the fire licence fees by 92 percent on monday.
the decision to reduce the fees comes after chief minister mamatabanerjee was requested from several quarters including the small and medium scale businessman that the steep rise of this mandatory one time fees to get the fire licence is becoming a huge problem.
state finance minister amit mitra said that there are four categories of buildings and in every category the state government has decided to reduce the fees by 92   in respect to 2017.
however, in respect to 2005 there has been a formidable increase of 45 , mitra said.
in the case of residential buildings above 14.
5 metres including dharmasalas, educational institutions, art galleries, library and residential complexes the fire license fees was rs 43.
5 per sq mtr or rs 25,000 which is higher.
the state government now has decided to bring it down to rs 4.
35 which is reduction of 92  .
similarly, in case of hospitals, nursing homes and guest houses that fall under the second category the fees was rs 80.
7 per sq mtr or rs 30,000 which is higher and now it has come down to rs 6.
52 per sq mtr, mitra said.
in the case of airport, shopping malls, shopping complexes, cineplexes, cinema halls, hotels and restaurants the fees was as high as rs 107.
6 per sq mtr or rs 50,000 and now it has been reduced to rs 8.
7 per sq mtr.
in case of the most hazardous buildings like the godowns and warehouses the fees has been reduced to rs 13.
5 per sq mtr from rs 161.
4 or rs 1 lakh which is higher, mitra added.
our chief minister had several requests to reduce the fees and she promised to do so.
we had a detailed meeting with the fire and disaster management department and finally we decided to cut down the fees so that the people dont have problem in paying the fees.
the fire department is not a revenue earning department.
this exorbitant fees was imposed to make the people aware of the situation but our government doesnt have any intention to tax the people.
so we have made the fees reasonable and within the limits of the common people, mitra said.
a total 33,687 posts will be filled up, of which 18,527 are of unreserved and another 15,160 are of reserved categories.
of the reserved category, 7,411 are for sc candidates, 2,021 are for st candidates and 5,728 are for the other backward classes, she said after question hour.
she added that 1,347 pos-ts would be reserved for physically challenged persons.
banerjee also announced a yearly aid of rs 5,000 for empowerment of self-help groups in the state.
the number of shg groups is 9.
69 lakh and 98  are led by women.
the total number of members in shg groups is 1 crore, she said.
the government will spend rs 500 crore for this purpose.
we are committed to empower and make the poor women self-reliant both in urban and rural areas, she added.
the number of shgs, which was 4.
72 lakh in 2010-11, has more than doubled, which shows the emphasis of our government in this regard.
kolkata: bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on friday gave a jolt to cpm by deciding to back congress candidate abhishek manu singhvi in the rajya sabha polls.
while tmc can win four rs seats from the state comfortably, it is the fifth seat that is up for grabs.
tmc can ensure congress victory using its spare votes totalling 15.
mamatas decision comes at a time when cpms legislative wing was discussing with the congress legislature party the possibility of selecting a common candidate for this seat.
tmc circles here indicated that the request to help out with one rs seat came directly from the congress leadership.
the cm had more or less made up her mind to field five trinamool candidates.
this sudden change  to field four party candidates and leave one berth for congress  has to do with the congress request, a senior trinamool leader told toi.
incidentally, singhvi is representing the bengal government in a case against the expelled gorkha janmukti morcha chief bimal gurung.
mamatas decision may not only help her tackle some of her niggling problems but it will also keep the secular opposition in bengal divided.
for one, it left the bengal unit of cpm in total disarray vis-a-vis its off-and-on relationship with congress.
cpm, which risks becoming a largely one-state party following the recent tripura defeat, has been having a vexed internal dialogue on issue, with divisions even within state and district committees over whether to accept congresss hand.
the move has also taken care of the strident anti-trinamool elements within the bengal pcc for the time being.
she has shown the likes of bengal pcc president adhir chowdhury that she has a direct line with the congress high command and can strike a deal with the gandhis as and when she chooses.
kolkata: bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee wants the congress-jd(s) alliance to be allowed to form a government in karnataka.
she congratulated jd(s) leader h d kumaraswamy for good results in the polls.
as a regional party, they have done well.
all regional parties are doing well.
h d deve gowda is a kingmaker.
he is a revered figure, he was our pm.
as an mp i had approached him, she said at nabanna.
the cm, who has proposed a federal front for a one-to-one fight against bjp in the lok sabha polls, had earlier called up deve gowda.
she said: there is a precedent in goa and manipur, where congress was not called to form the government despite emerging as the single largest party.
so it depends on the governor.
we are proud of our democracy and should also respect the governor.
let that democratic institution be taken forward.
already, congress-jd(s) has moved the governor to form the government.
she tweeted: congratulations to the winners.
.
.
for those who lost, fight back.
if congress had gone into an alliance wi-th jd(s), then the result would have been very different.
banerjee said: bjp has turned to be the largest party, while congress is the second largest one, so we must show our respect for all.
if there had been a pre-poll alliance, then the result would have been far better.
.
.
.
congress and bjp must remember the imp-ortance of regional parties.
vijayawada: tdp president and andhra pradesh chief minister nara chandrababu naidu on friday formally severed his partys four-year alliance with bjp, setting the tone for new political alignments both at the centre and the state.
the day in parliament was witness to competitive politics between ysr congress and telugu desam party over the centres refusal to grant special category status to andhra pradesh with both parties moving a no-confidence motion in the lok sabha, leaving most opposition parties with little choice but to support the move in keeping with their anti-bjp stance.
in vijayawada, naidu held a video conference with his 16 lok sabha mps between 8.
30-9 am, wherein he told them the tdp is ending its alliance with bjp and directed the lower house party members to table a noconfidence motion against the nda government.
accordingly, tdp mp thota narasimham submitted the notice of no-confidence motion to lok sabha secretary general snehlata shrivastava around 9.
30 am.
the lok sabha speaker will take up the notice on monday when she will ask for at least 50 mps to stand in support of the motion.
it is, however, unclear whether aiadmk and trs will relent in raising their statespecific issues to allow a proper consideration of the notice for a no-trust motion as required by the rules of procedure.
in the evening, naidu formally announced dissolution of the alliance in the ap legislative council.
stating that injustice has been done to his state by bjp and the nda government led by prime minister narendra modi, naidu said: many promises were made by the pm during the election campaign.
however, four years later, many issues promised in the ap reorganization act 2014 are still pending.
none of the assurances given on the floor of the rajya sabha, including granting of a special category status has been implemented.
hence, we had to take the tough decision of snapping our ties with the bjp.
we did it for the sake of the state.
though the results of such a contest are foregone given bjp commands a majority by itself, the stage is set for political manoeuvring with tdp ending its association with nda and a sulking shiv sena muttering about absenting itself though it is a part of the central and maharashtra governments.
as of now, among the bigger regional parties, aiadmk and bjd have not formalised their stand.
though they are critical of the centre in the course of a debate, internal consultations are on whether to vote against the centre.
according to tdp sources, bengal chief minister and trinamool congress chief mamatabanerjee and samajwadi party leader mulayam singh telephoned the ap cm and welcomed him to be part of a broad an- ti-bjp coalition.
with both the ysr congress party (ysrcp) and telugu desam party (tdp) trying to table a no-confidence motion against the narendra modi government on friday and seeking to mobilise support in favour of the motion from other political parties from across the country, the ruling telangana rashtra samithi (trs) has decided to adopt a wait and watch policy on the developments.
the party has 14 lok sabha mps.
p7in his address to the council, the ap cm also took potshots at ysr congress chief jaganmohan reddy and jana sena leader pawan kalyan.
naidu said: the ysr congress partys no-confidence (in the modi government) is only for public consumption, but deep inside it has confidence in pm narendra modi .
therefore, we decided to table the no-trust motion ourselves.
charging ysr congress with being hand-in-glove with bjp, the ap cm said its mp vijaysai reddy is seen frequently at the pmo and wondered how he gets an appointment with the pm so easily.
traning his guns on pawan kalyan, naidu said why is he not criticising nda, despite a joint fact finding committee (jffc) constituted by him establishing that ap has dues of rs 75,000 crore from the centre.
for four years, he kept quiet and now he is attacking me without questioning the centre.
bjp is behind the move, a re-run of whats happening in tn.
the tdp chief read out a tweet by bjp gujarat vicepresident pvs sharma in which the latter said, pawan kalyan will fill the void in ap politics.
in a series of tweets, sharma congratulated pawan for exposing corruption of naidu and his son lokesh.
my doubts that bjp is instigating pawan kalyan have proved true, said naidu.
amidst the unity moves in opposition ranks, there are concerns that a faceoff with bjp should not end up helping the ruling party, given its campaign style and polarising tone.
however, a cross section of the opposition believes that the very idea that a no-confidence is being moved against the modi government is a boost to the anti-bjp camp in the countdown to the 2019 polls.
leaders argued that bjps usp under modi has been its aura built on its massive numbers in parliament and its victories across states over the last four years.
also, modi has built a popular perception of a strong government with a strong leader.
the perception would get a hit with a no-confidence motion, they claimed.
the chief minister who is also the health minister, however, claimed that the states performance in combating dengue was more effective compared to the world standard.
stating the report of the world health organisation (who), the chief minister said, the mortality rate is 1 percent when the state registered a mortality rate of only 0.
2 percent.
when we know aedis aegypti is responsible for dengue and it has a specified treatment protocol this year.
aedis albopictus- a new type of mosquito variant has been responsible for dengue.
these mosquitoes bite the people in open spaces.
their bite leads to multi organ failure and it hardly give any chance for treatment, the chief minister added.
the chief minister also said that north 24 parganas, nadia and alipurduar are the three districts that have had the maximum number of dengue cases, while north 24 parganas alone contributing more than half of those suffering from the vector borne disease.
however, the chief minister said that the state has taken many effective measures to contain and create awareness among the people and that helped in countering this vector borne disease effectively.
we have sanctioned rs 500 crore instead of rs 240 crore last year so that no one dies in dengue this year, she added.
illustrating the chief ministers point minister of state for health chnadrima bahttacharyay said, the number of dengue detection centres in the state have gone up from 43 last year to 60.
around 184218 patients have had blood tests for dengue detection in comparison to 126404 last year.
the sub divisional as well as the state general hospitals have been equipped with infrastructure for rendering dengue treatment.
the department has ensured that the blood banks do not suffer from dearth of platelets which is the most important component of dengue treatment.
as there are a number of districts that share border with bangladesh, the chief minister said that the epidemic in bangladesh has contributed in spreading the disease.
bangaldesh has had over 50000 dengue cases this year with jessore and khuina being the worst affected.
both these places share its boundaries with north 24 parganas and nadia, she added.
banerjee has also constituted a high power committee led by chief secretary malay de to monitor dengue situation in the state.
the 791 gram panchayat and the 803 municipal areas have been earmarked as dengue prone and special measures are being taken.
new delhi: prime minister narendra modi is starting another round of re-engagement with neighbourhood leaders.
after his visit to nepal next week, when he is expected to repair frayed ties between the two countries, modi is also expected to travel to santiniketan to meet with bangladesh prime minister sheikh hasina on may 25.
sheikh hasina will be in india to inaugurate the bangladesh bhavan at vishwa bharati, which includes a museum showcasing rabindranath tagores association with bangladesh.
in nepal, modi will fulfil an old wish  he will offer prayers at the janaki temple in janakpur, as well as address a public meeting.
modi will go on to kathmandu to meet prime minister k p oli where connectivity and investment will dominate discussions.
the last week of april saw the first trial run of a bus service between kathmandu and dhaka, passing through india, part of a sub-regional connectivity agreement.
this time modi will enter nepal from patna, making janakpur his first stop.
hasina had tied the inauguration of the bangladesh bhavan to the teesta deal, but in recent months she has done a rethink after it became clear that west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee is in no mood to relent.
instead the bangladesh culture minister assaduzzaman noor was sent to santiniketan to prepare for her visit.
we want this bhavan to be inaugurated by the end of may.
it will be a matter of great significance if the prime ministers of both india and bangladesh attend the inauguration programme of this cultural complex.
we believe that this bhavan will be a centre of attraction at santiniketan, the culture minister was quoted as saying.
modi will travel to indonesia in june for a bilateral summit with president joko widodo, going on to singapore to deliver the keynote address at the shangri la dialogue, the first indian pm to do so.
he is expected to lay out indias indo-pacific strategy.
the first week of june will also see him back in china to attend the sco summit.
this story is from november 23, 2018next time you litter the road or dump garbage at a public place, be prepared to shell out a fortunedownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
kolkata: next time you litter the road or dump garbage at a public place, be prepared to shell out a fortune.
the state assembly on thursday passed a bill that proposes to slap a fine of minimum rs 5,000 and maximum rs 1 lakh on the offenders.
earlier, the penalty amount ranged from rs 50 to rs 5,000.
the move comes a day after chief minister mamatabanerjee formed an 11-member committee  headed by chief secretary moloy de  and tasked it with suggesting stricter measures to check spitting and littering at public places.
the west bengal prohibition of smoking and spitting and protection of health of non-smokers and minors act, 2001, which has been in force in bengal since 2003, has a penalty clause but prosecutions under it are rare.
time and again, mamatabanerjee has expressed her displeasure over malpractices that derails the citys cleanliness and beautification drives.
the swanky dakshineswar skywalk was littered with spits the day it was thrown open to public.
the district administration now proposes to slap a fine of rs 1,001 on anyone caught spitting in the skywalk.
on thursday, section 338 of the kolkata muncipal corporation (second amendment) bill, 2018, was amended to hike fines substantially.
the earlier law stipulated that anyone depositing or throwing waste will be punishable with fine which shall not be less than rs 50 and more than rs 5,000 for each such offence.
the amended bill now says the fine shall not be less than rs 5,000 and more than rs 1 lakh.
the state feels that the hike in penalty will now act as a deterrent.
prosecution under kmc rules is adjudicated by the municipal courts.
it is often seen that household trash is thrown on the road or public spaces and left to be cleared by kmc sweepers.
this not only makes roads dirty but poses a health threat.
even during any social event or function, there is a tendency to dump all the trash in a public space.
there has to be some accountability, a senior kmc official said.
this clause specifically covers solid waste, which, in most cases is plastic wrapped, he added.
kmc has already kicked off an awareness drive by putting up posters at kmc markets and other prominent places.
likewise, the decade-anda-half-year-old anti-spitting law is likely to see a hiked penalty.
according to sources, this anti-spitting and smoking law enacted in 2003 has several loopholes.
under this act, smoking and spitting in workplaces and public vehicles is a crime.
it also puts the onus on owners and managers of every place of public work to put up display boards, stating, smoking and spitting in place of public work or use is an offence.
an offence for the first time attracts a fine of rs 1,000 and in case of the second offence, the law penalises the offender with not less than rs 2,000 but which may extend to rs 5,000.
this is hardly a deterrent, a senior official said.
darjeeling: police may be after gorkha janmukti morcha president bimal gurung , accused under the unlawful activities prevention act (uapa), but are not against the people of gurungs constituency.
taking a cue from police operations in once-maoist dominated jangalmahal, darjeeling police has sent an olive branch to gurungs voters.
police are organising a football tournament in tukvar constituency in darjeeling, from where gurung was elected as sabhasad of gorkhaland territorial administration.
the tournament begins from december 15, around two weeks before chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjees visit to the hills on december 27.
darjeeling police has restricted entry to this tournament to the residents of tukvar-goke, badamtam-lebong, pandam-phubtshering and pulbazar-bijanbari constituencies, areas of darjeeling with a strong allegiance to gurung.
organizers have asked participants to furnish residential proof like voter id and aadhaar cards.
this is to ensure that teams dont get unfair advantage by hiring players from outside.
we want only players from the four constituencies to participate, the town dsp said.
security forces continue to make their presence felt in and around the four constituencies, considered as the gjm leaders stronghold, as gurung and some of his close aides continue to elude the police.
announcing the tournament, siddharth dorji, dsp town on sunday said, we have decided to organize a football tournament with participants from four constituencies.
the objective of holding the football tournament is to rebuild the police-public relation, which was disturbed recently.
gurungs house and the main gjm party office is located in patlebas (under tukvar constituency) about 3 km down from singmari to the north of darjeeling town, where three gorkhaland supporters were allegedly killed in police firing, in the initial stage of the revived statehood agitation this june.
police said their intention was to hunt for local talents as football as a sport had a huge following in the hills.
we will look out for budding talents that are in abundance here.
we are also trying to start a football tournament for girls, dorji said.
the winning team will take home a grand cash prize of rs 1.
5 lakh while the runner-up will get rs 1 lakh.
constituency-level winners and runner-ups will get rs 50,000 and rs 30,000, along with prize money up for grabs for the man of the match and series.
this story is from february 6, 2019make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
kolkata/new delhi: the kolkata police-cbi tussle refuses to die down, with the ministry of home affairs (mha) on tuesday asking west bengal chief secretary malay de to initiate disciplinary proceedings against city police chief rajeev kumar for attending chief minister mamatabanerjee 's dharna on sunday.
the directive from the mha, the cadre-controlling authority of ips officers, comes a day after union minister jitendra singh indicated that kumar may have violated service rules.
cm mamatabanerjee , however, has shot back saying kumar had only come to meet her and it wasn't a political protest but done in her capacity of the state's administrative head to save the constitution.
rajeev kumar never joined the dharna.
he came to see me while i was on satyagraha .
it was not a political programme.
he came to do his duty because i was having a cabinet meeting near the dharna manch, the cm said.
the mha's missive to the state chief secretary says kumar, a 1989 batch ips officer, sat on a dharna along with some police officers with the chief minister, west bengal, at the metro channel in kolkata, which is prima facie in contravention of the extant provisions of all india services (conduct) rules, 1968 and ais (discipline & appear) rules, 1969.
in view of the above, the west bengal government has been requested by mha to initiate action against the officer and intimate the action taken in this regard, the mha added.
the catch in these rules is that these do not apply when a statement made or views expressed by a member of the service is in his official capacity and in the due performance of the duties assigned to him.
the cm clarified that the police commissioner was doing his duty as per protocol.
police officers accompany the cm, governor, even during election campaigns.
this story is from november 8, 2018file photomake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
the chief minister said she had been describing it as a dark day since demonetisation was announced by prime minister narendra modi in 2016.
#darkday today is the second anniversary of #demonetisation disaster.
from the moment it was announced i said so, mamatabanerjee wrote on her twitter handle.
renowned economists, common people and all experts now agree, she said.
new delhi: cpm's political resolution to be adopted by the party congress next year is likely to retain its strong anti-congress and anti-bjp stance.
unlike in the past, the resolution would not be enthusiastic about the third alternative, but would delve into the growing unrest among people due to civil society groups taking the charge.
more than six months rule of arch-rival trinamool congress in west bengal would find a prominent place, with cpm criticizing the state government.
chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjee's u-turn on maoists - from claiming that they do not exist in the state to joint security forces fighting them now - would find a prominent place.
attack on left parties in bengal by trinamool cadres and need for grassroot work in the state would be emphasized.
on tuesday and wednesday, cpm politburo would meet to discuss the political resolution that would be finalized by the central committee in its meeting in kolkata in january.
former cm buddhadeb bhattacharjee is skipping the meeting again.
since the party congress to be held this year was postponed, cpm had held an extended meeting of its cc last year in vijayawada, where it adopted a political resolution severely criticizing congress' neo-liberal economic policy and disarray in bjp leadership.
the party had also criticized regional outfits as representing regional bourgeoisie and rural rich.
the new political resolution would highlight the slew of corruption cases that has plagued the congress-led upa and involvement of corporate sector in all the cases.
congress's attempt to target the office of comptroller & auditor general, its failure to take concrete action on black money stashed abroad would also be part of the resolution.
corruption in bjp-ruled karnataka and other states would be shown to establish how there is little difference between the two big parties.
however unlike in the past, cpm is not keen to showcase a non-congress, non-bjp third alternative.
the reason, party sources say, is the past experience.
none of the regional parties have a clear anti-congress or anti-bjp stand.
experience during the opposition to the indo-us nuclear deal proved that survival for these outfits depends a lot on being in alliance - open or tacit - with either congress or bjp, a party source said.
west bengal cm mamatabanerjee with pm narendra modi (ap)new delhi: after her first meeting with prime minister narendra modi in his second term in office, west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on wednesday is likely to meet with home minister amit shah on thursday before she leaves for kolkata.
the meeting with the prime minister and the one with shah is being seen as a move that could lower tempers on both sides, at a time when the battle for bengal between banerjees trinamool congress and bjp has peaked with mamatabanerjee emerging as one of the harshest critics of the modi government.
banerjee has invited pm modi to west bengal after the durga puja celebrations get over to inaugurate the worlds second largest coal block deocha pachami, allotted by the centre, in birbhum district.
it was a good meeting she said, and mentioned that she had raised the issue of the state's renaming as bangla which the state assembly had approved but the centre was still holding back.
we are open to any additions or suggestions on the issue from the centre as well, the chief minister told the pm.
nrc is part of the assam accord, hence there is no provision of its implementation all over the country or in west bengal.
neither is there any proposal for bengal.
she said the issue of teesta water sharing with bangladesh never came up at the meeting, when asked about the issue in the context of bangladesh prime minister sheikh hasinas visit slated for next month.
however, this was a government to government meeting when i come to delhi i try to meet other senior ministers.
she also brought up issues such as bsnl, defence ordnance factory, bank merger, railways and coal during her meeting with modi.
banerjee had not turned up for modi's swearing-in ceremony and skipped a meeting of the niti aayog earlier.
i could not not come for the swearing in function due to some unpleasant development, she said.
the pmo had tweeted pictures of the two leaders where mamatabanerjee was seen presenting a bouquet to the prime minister.
we submitted a lot of documents to substantiate the requests we made.
bengal's gdp is 12.
8, which is highest across the country.
we showed him how bengal is progressing despite huge debt burden.
we also gave him documents to highlight our achievements in the field of economy and infrastructure, she said.
hyderabad: three days from now, chief minister k chandrasekhar rao , who is known to explain the nitty-gritty of every subject he takes up, will once again play teacher to the nearly 15,000 delegates slated to attend the 17th plenary of trs at kompally, medchal.
at the last plenary, the chief minister had made all delegates take down notes about the input subsidy scheme that he had conceived for farmers.
this time around, what the trs president intends to do is to explain in detail the national role that he has envisaged for the party in the 2019 elections.
apart from laying emphasis on the role of trs in national politics, nine resolutions will be put forward before the plenary, including one on 30 welfare schemes to put on record that telangana is the first state in india to provide basic amenities and fulfil the needs of the poor.
the party chief will talk about the future of trs in national politics, party spokesperson palla rajeshwara reddy said at the venue.
in december last, kcr at a public meeting had said that union home minister rajnath singh had enquired if he was planning to make a foray into national politics.
at that time, kcr had told him that he was content with taking care of telangana.
but since then, kcr has had a change of heart and announced his entry into national politics in march.
kcr gave wings to his idea by flying down to kolkata first where he met his west bengal counterpart and tmc chief mamatabanerjee .
he then flew to bengaluru where he met jd(s) leader and former pm deve gowda and his son kumaraswamy.
he has plans to meet odisha cm naveen patnaik in may.
at the plenary, the cm will also talk about how his government had taken up first-of-itskind initiatives in the country.
these ideas have been picked up by other states now, he plans to point out.
the task that party representatives attending the plenary would be given is to strengthen the party by way of making the schemes known to every household and projecting the party as the one which has shown interest in peoples welfare.
apart from winning the assembly elections in 2019, the target of trs is also to win 16 of the 17 lok sabha seats that will give kcr the muscle that he needs to flex post-elections and play a crucial role for the federal front that he is proposing at the centre.
kolkata: the state election commission has announced a three-phase schedule for the bengal rural polls beginning may 1.
the schedule is less by two phases from the 2013 panchayat polls when the supreme court directed a five-phase panchayat election for west bengal.
the first phase of panchayat polls on may 1will be held in as many as 12 districts of south bengal, the second phase on may 3 will cover two districts murshidabad and birbhum, while elections will be held in six districts of north bengal in the third phase on may 3 minus two districts  darjeeling and kalimpong, said state election commissioner amarendra kumar singh on saturday.
the counting will be held on may 8.
the state government has declared a holiday on may 2 since the first day of the polls, may 1, coincides with the international workers day, a state holiday.
soon after sec announcement, chief minister mamatabanerjee held a meeting with panchayat minister subrata mukherjee at nabanna to take stock of the ongoing development works and fine tune the partys campaign points.
unlike in 2013 when the sec moved the supreme court over its differences with the state government over poll dates and also deployment of central forces, the present commissioner chose to stay away from any such controversy.
singh didnt respond to questions on deployment of central forces despite the oppositions pleading for central forces.
congress leader manoj chakrabarty feared that panchayat polls will become a farce without the presence of central forces.
we want central forces during the rural polls because without them the elections will end up in looting of votes, chakrabarty said.
opposition parties  bjp and left  also wondered why the ruling trinamool was in a hurry to hold the rural polls when the higher secondary examinations are on.
we are ready to face the elections.
but the poll schedule leaves little time for campaign, bjp state president dilip ghosh said.
the bjp leader reminded that the trinamool, then in opposition, moved the high court in 1999 against holding of elections during examinations.
the high court ruled against the government stand.
the party, now in government, has no problem starting the election process during examinations.
candidates have to file nominations by april 9 and the hs examinations will continue till april 12.
we are taking legal opinion, ghosh said.
left front leader sujan chakrabarty was dismayed with the sec decision to hold the first phase of rural polls on the international workers day on may 1.
this is unprecedented.
it reflects the governments anti-working class stand.
what was the hurry for holding polls when the term of the panchayat ends on july 19?
people will give a befitting reply, chakrabarty said.
the decision to keep only two districts  murshidabad and birbhum  in the second phase against 12 in the first phase, has raised eyebrows.
these are two districts where the trinamool has been facing challenges from congress and bjp, an opposition leader said.
this story is from december 6, 2018residents of a jadavpur locality draw water from a recently-installed tube well on wednesdaydownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
kolkata: far from attempting to eliminate the risk of groundwater contamination in areas such as jadavpur , behala, tollygunge and some off em bypass by implementing the ban on drawing groundwater, the kolkata municipal corporation is chalking out a plan to give out permits for installation of more tube wells to mitigate water crisis.
however, a section of public health experts feels the attempts of the civic body should have been to ensure supply of more potable water by replacing groundwater in areas where traces of arsenic have been found.
a cag survey also pointed out dangers of tapping groundwater in several parts of the city for drinking.
the national audit body sought an explanation from the civic body on why it has failed to provide treated water to residents of large areas on the southern fringes.
banerjee had asked hakim to take care of the drinking water needs of residents of tollygunge and jadavpur at a function at uttirna on november 22.
hakim in turn held a series of meetings with the kmc water supply department senior officials in past 48 hours after taking oath as mayor on monday to chalk out a plan to mitigate water crisis in jadavpur, tollygunge and areas off em bypass.
apart from the kmc officials, hakim sought opinions from councillors of the affected areas in solving the water scarcity.
while civic officials expressed their eagerness to replace groundwater with treated water, a section of the trinamool congress councillors are still in favour of installing more tube wells to resolve water crisis.
according to an official, the reason for lobbying with installation of more tube wells was more political than practical.
we need to augment the treated water to replace groundwater.
but, councillors seem to be expressing the opposite under political compulsion, a kmc official said.
in fact, the official cited the civic bodys own decision of banning installation of fresh tube wells a couple of years ago in the wake of an arsenic contamination threat looming large on areas where a huge amount of groundwater was being tapped by installing tube wells.
today, when we need to seal the existing tube wells, we are planning to add more.
this will definitely bring about a disaster in future, a civic official said.
the official pointed out a recent example of installing a big tube well on prince ghulam mohammed shah road located close to jadavpur university only eight months ago.
but the water being extracted from the tube well is unfit for consumption, the official conceded.
kolkata: west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee wrote to prime minister narendra modi on friday protesting against the centre's unilateral decision to merge two public sector banks headquartered in the city without consulting the state government.
expressing concern, she said the merger and the threat of shifting of the banks' headquarters will affect the developmental momentum of the state.
banerjee in her letter urged modi not to go for the bank merger, which was announced on august 30.
the unilateral decision of merger of banks and threat of shifting headquarters from west bengal will adversely affect the developmental momentum of the state, she added.
banerjee, who is also the tmc supremo and a strident critic of the bjp, in her letter expressed her concern over the future of thousands of employees of the two banks.
i strongly urge you not to merge ubi with pnb and allahabad bank with indian bank and thereby also raise the spectre of moving the headquarters of these two leading banks out of kolkata, she wrote in her letter to modi.
the bjp-led central government had on august 30 announced four major mergers of public sector banks, bringing down their total number to 12 from 27 in 2017, a move aimed at making state-owned lenders global sized banks.
united bank of india and oriental bank of commerce will be merged with punjab national bank, making the proposed entity the second largest public sector bank (psb).
this story is from january 20, 2019united india brigade rally by tmcdownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
kolkata: lakhs of trinamool supporters responded to chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjees clarion call to stand united against the narendra modi government and descended on the brigade parade ground on saturday, leaving all roads in and around central kolkata choked for the better part of the day.
the rest of the city, however, managed to stay on its feet as the roads remained snarl-free even during peak hours.
three reasons, according to lalbazar, helped the city keep moving  the meticulous police planning, fewer vehicles on the road and the metro managing to take care of the bulk of rallyists.
but most importantly, it was the reluctance of the citizens to step out of their homes on a rally day that helped to keep the traffic movement smooth.
the fact that it was a weekend also worked in favour of the cops.
thousands of buses had started arriving at esplanade from late friday night.
all of them were parked in the open ground adjoining the two football clubs  east bengal and mohun bagan .
those arriving on bikes and mini-trucks were lucky to reach close to the venue.
those arriving after 8am had to park their buses near girish park in the north, park circus in the east and the hazra-bhowanipore area down south.
the signs of traffic jams in central kolkata started to show around 9am with processions arriving one by one from the shyambazar five-point crossing, hazra, howrah and sealdah stations and milan mela.
as a strategy, we did not block the entire stretches of important connectors like jl nehru road, apc road and ajc bose road.
we brought in restrictions as and when these rallies crossed a certain point, said an officer.
by 11am, several stretches in central kolkata were chock-a-block.
a short ride from hastings to the brigade ground, which usually takes 10-15 minutes, took around 1.
5-2 hours.
among the roads that were worst affected were jl nehru road, sn mamatabanerjee road, queensway, apc road, ajc bose road and cr avenue.
with em bypass and dh road free of any major jams and cops working overtime to ensure roads around alipore and the three flyovers  vidyasagar setu, ajc bose road flyover and maa flyover  were kept free of obstructions for vvip movement, those travelling in private cars had no problem travelling from south to east kolkata and move further north.
for cops on duty at the mullickbazar crossing and beliaghata main road-cit road crossing, areas that witness heavy snarls even on normal working days, the absence of people and vehicles on the road came as a surprise.
the only people moving on the road are the rally supporters, said an officer with a smile.
unlike other big rally days, autos were more or less available almost on all routes.
though the aittuc-affiliated south kolkata auto operators union claimed that the autos were flying ones and not affiliated to their union, commuters didnt complain.
the app cab companies claimed their fleet was on the road, but the high surge rates in the morning  especially for central kolkata destinations  meant not many could opt for them.
the rates normalized as the day progressed.
those bound for the airport did not make any specific complaint though traffic remained slow near kaikhali at different times of the day.
kolkata: west bengal was plagued by intense political rivalry, statehood agitation and communal riots in 2017 but the year ended on a sweet note as the state won the long battle with odisha over the origin of the rosogolla.
busy fire-fighting on issues like gorkhaland agitation, communal flare-up or scams, chief minister mamatabanerjee also took up cudgels against the bjp the year also saw her man friday mukul roy quitting the trinamool congress and joining the bjp.
banerjee was was in the forefront in opposing the demonetisation move and gst roll-out by the narendra modi government.
she termed gst as a great selfish tax.
the 104-day-long shutdown, the longest-ever bandh in darjeeling in support of a separate gorkhaland state, was marred by bloodbath and crippled tourism and tea gardens, the two main industries in the hills.
the agitation also saw the marginalisation of gorkha janmukti morcha chief bimal gurung who was virtually eclipsed from the political scenario in darjeeling and his one-time confidant binay tamang taking charge as the chairman of the board of administrators in the hills.
the communal riots in basirhat in north 24 parganas district was a blot in the state's social fabric.
the ruling trinamool congress termed it as the handiwork of the bjp and the rss, which denied the allegations.
the communal flare-up had triggered an unprecedented verbal duel between mamatabanerjee and state governor k n tripathi with the latter accusing her of not doing enough to control the riots.
chit fund and narada video scams dominated the state's political scene.
two tmc mps sudip bandopadhyay and tapas pal were arrested by the cbi in connection with rose valley scam.
a number of tmc leaders were interrogated by the cbi and the ed in connection with narada scam.
banerjee had dubbed it as the vendetta politics of the centre and said that central agencies like the cbi, the ed and the i-t department were unleashed against her party leaders who were vocal against bjp's anti-people policies.
the exit of roy, once a close aide of mamatabanerjee , from the tmc and his joining the bjp was another development in the state's political arena, where the saffron party is trying to make inroads.
although the tmc maintained its winning spree in all the by-elections and municipal polls that took place in 2017, the bjp has emerged as the main challenger to the tmc in place of the cpi-m and the congress.
the cpim-led left front, which has been struggling to recover its lost ground, showed no signs of recovery as it tasted defeat in successive by-polls.
for the congress, it was a herculean task to keep its public representatives together as many of the party mlas and councillors had defected to the tmc.
in november, west bengal tasted sweet victory, winning the bitter battle with neighbouring odisha over the origins of the rosogolla.
banerjee tweeted about the good news saying her state had been granted a gi or geographical indication status for the spongy balls.
also on the positive side, the un awarded 'kanyashree' scheme by the west bengal government aimed at promoting girls' education, with its highest public service award.
banerjee had travelled to the hague to receive it.
this story is from january 8, 2019gopal krishna gandhi (file photo)download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
kolkata: former governor gopal krishna gandhi while receiving the doctor of literature degree (d.
lit) from calcutta university on monday expressed his gratitude.
however, he also reminded that with honour comes great responsibility.
looking at the prevalent unrest in several corners in the country, the former bengal governor said, today, here i would want to say that it is of vital importance that the freedom of thought, expression and the freedom of writing be exercised freely and fearlessly in our country.
stating that fear is a great evil, gandhi said that it is inconsistent with democracy and republicanism.
those who have the capacity to think as all of us do have the right to write with the same freedom without being bullied by anybody, added gandhi during his speech after receiving the d.lit degree from calcutta university at the convocation on monday.
he pointed out that fear and democracy, inhibition and republic do not go together.
the former bengal governor pointed out that he was privileged to have been in the state that has always been the hub of literature.
it has been the home of culture and the arts and i believe that bengal will continue to lead india, out of any darkness, any fear and out of any inhibition that may come its way, he added.
taking a cue from rabindranath tagores national anthem in its original unexpurgated form where he spoke of darkness, gandhi termed bengal as purba udaygiri from where reforms shall begin at the break of a new dawn.
the youngest grandson of mahatma gandhi, who has always been seen as a supporter of mamatabanerjee , the former bureaucrat said that chief minister has a great role to play and has a lot of responsibility.
he said that mamatabanerjee and bengal can be the torch-bearer of liberty, democracy and keep the republicanism alive in the country.
and, may this state be the torch-bearer of those ideals of freedom, gandhi said at the convocation.
chief minister mamatabanerjee who was present to deliver the convocation address too didnt spoke out against the ongoing controversy involving changes in study of history in several states.
she said, let us not forget our history, history should not be misconstrued, history should not be distorted following political ideology, the freedom of institutions should not be curbed and there should not be division between human.
she added that the land of bengal stands by unity and such divisive and distorted history has no place here.
doctors protest at nrs hospital.
(photo: amit moulick)download the times of india news app for latest citykolkata: the impasse at the state-run medical colleges and hospitals in west bengal entered the sixth day on sunday, even as the agitating doctors asserted that they were open to talks with the government, the venue for which would be decided by a governing body of medical practitioners.
earlier, the agitators had insisted that chief minister mamatabanerjee visit the city's nrs medical college and hospital, the epicentre of the agitation.
after an internal meeting late on saturday, the doctors, who had turned down an invite for a closed-door meeting with mamatabanerjee at the state secretariat, mellowed down and stated that they were ready to hold a dialogue in any form, but the venue of the meeting would be decided later.
we will be deciding on our next step during a governing body meeting today.
we are open to any dialogue as always.
the venue for the meeting will be decided soon, a spokesperson of a joint forum of junior doctors told reporters here.
during a press conference at the state secretariat on saturday, mamatabanerjee urged the agitators to resume work and said her government had accepted all of their demands.
she also stressed that a group of doctors had met her and expressed their willingness to join duty, a claim vehemently refuted by the striking doctors.
during the meet, the chief minister emphasised that her government had not invoked the essential services maintenance act (esma) to get the doctors to resume work.
we have laws, but we do not want to use them.
.
.
.
we are not going to take any stringent action against any of the agitating junior doctors and hamper their career, she said after the agitators did not turn up for a meeting at 5pm.
the ministry of home affairs has issued an advisory, seeking a report on the ongoing stir and stating that it had received a number of representations from the medical fraternity from different parts of the country for their safety and security in view of the strike in west bengal.
bengal governor k n tripathi has written to mamatabanerjee , advising her to take immediate steps to provide security to the medicos and find out a solution to the impasse.
the chief minister said she had spoken to the governor and apprised him of the steps taken by her government to resolve the matter.
doctors across the state called for a strike after two of their colleagues were brutally assaulted at the nrs medical college and hospital by the family members of a patient, who died on monday night.
the services continue to remain affected in the emergency wards, outdoor facilities and pathological units of many state-run hospitals and private medical facilities in the state, leaving several patients in the lurch.
the calcutta high court had, on friday, refused to pass any interim order on the strike by the junior doctors.
it had also asked the state government to persuade the doctors to resume work.
the inspection being carried out on e-w corridor on tuesdaydownload the times of india news app for latest citykolkata: the commissioner of railway safety (crs) carried out inspection of the east-west metro on tuesday even as uncertainty continued to prevail over fire safety nod for two of the six stations on the first 5km sector v-salt lake stadium stretch.
crs , an autonomous body under the ministry of civil aviation, has to give the final go-ahead before the new metro link can start commercial runs, but it would demand fire clearances for all the six stations before granting the green signal.
shailesh kumar pathak, chief commissioner of railway safety (ccrs), and his team of four deputy commissioners of railway safety (dy crs), visited sector v karunamoyee and central park stations, leaving out city centre, bengal chemical and salt lake stadium stations.
the crs team, which rode a train to check its maximum speed of 90 kmph, was also shown the evacuation system, alertness of the staff in emergency situations and the fire prevention system.
they checked details, like whether a braking rake could maintain the 30m separation gap with another train in front, the automatic ticket vending machines and synchronisation of platform screen doors.
ahead of the much-awaited inspection, implementing agency kolkata metro rail corporation (kmrc) officials had on monday met fire department officers, urging them all over again that the crs would ask for the fire safety clearances for all the six stations, but the impasse was not resolved.
the hurdle over fire certificate might cut short the already truncated 5km east-west metro operations to 3.
5km, with the ride from sector v ending at city centre, as the two stations aheadbengal chemical and salt lake stadiumdont have the mandatory fire department no-objection certificates (noc)s.
asked about the nocs, dg (fire and emergency services) jag mohan told toi on tuesday, i cant say anything.
we will take a decision, according to the law.
many issues need to be resolved first.
we take decisions if there is non-compliance.
there have been so many fire incidents, we must be doubly careful.
toi has been reporting on the east-west metros last-minute roadblock for the past two months.
after an inspection on june 14, the fire department refused to issue nocs for the bengal chemical and salt lake stadium stations, citing the absence of their third exits shown in the original plan.
later, fire officers found that shanties and a trinamool party office at duttabad occupied the stretch where the third exits for the stations were supposed to be built.
the duttabad slum runs along the east of em bypass; encroachers from shanties there had blocked 365m of the east-west metros viaduct construction on bypass for five years.
chief minister mamatabanerjee and union minister babul supriyo had to intervene to end the stand-off and work restarted in april, 2009.
apparently wary of facing resistance all over again, kmrc reportedly did away with the staircases and revised the plan.
at a meeting on july 6, fire minister sujit bose agreed to giving a one-year temporary clearance and asked kmrc to rehabilitate the slumdwellers and build the fire exits in the period.
this story is from january 20, 2019for the first time in a brigade rally, kolkata police totally dominated the heights all around the venue on sa.
.
.
read moretrinamool supporters were in their creative best at saturdays brigade rallydownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
kolkata: the united india rally may have been just the first step towards a better india for the opposition leaders on the dais, but for lakhs of footsoldiers spread across the brigade, the occasion itself was grand enough to celebrate.
from buying fancy party gears to gorging on delicious mutton kasha, they made most of their brigade visit that was nothing short of a fun outing.
we work hard in our villages every day.
we get very few occasions like these to come to the city together and spend some leisurely time together where transportation and ration is taken care of by our leaders, said ranu majhi, who came from egra in east midnapore food served as a good distraction, particularly because some of the speakers either spoke in hindi or other languages that many supporters could not understand.
bohot jaan hai (the people who have come are energetic), sinhas starting punchline, which is a dialogue from his movie, sent the people into a frenzy.
some enterprising businessmen used the huge turnout to make a few bucks by selling footwear, garments and even calendars at the meeting venue.
a beaming naushad ali from mominpur said: i sell biryani in kidderpore but today i decided to set up shop here because i was aware the turnout will cross lakhs.
i sold 200 plates even before 2pm.
several rallyists displayed discipline by not polluting the city and dumping plastic bottles and styrofoam plates in dustbins provided by the kmc.
a group that came from jhargram settled down for a lunch of rice, phool kopir tarkari and egg curry.
when some of the younger members littered the place, the elders rebuked them.
one of them even picked up the plates and dumped them in the dustbin.
kolkata is much cleaner now.
we do not want to make it dirty, said pradip aron, one of the members of the group.
there was another group that was furious because their lunch plans went awry when two goats they were bringing from nadia for saturdays lunch escaped when they were sleeping.
we got rice and all other ingredients and a cook as well.
we were planning to have a leisurely lunch.
but the two goats managed to escape when we were sleeping at night.
everybody was upset, said deepankar hazra, who rushed to new market early on saturday to purchase 30kg fish for lunch.
kolkata: three of the seven bengal towns that voted for new municipalities on sunday witnessed widespread violence , with the left front, congress and bjp demanding cancellation of elections in these three municipalities, even withdrawing their candidates in raiganj and domkal.
trinamool chief and bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee will call on congress president sonia gandhi in delhi on tuesday, reportedly to find common ground on a united non-bjp candidate for the presidential polls, but the delhi entente has evidently failed to end the bitter rivalry at the ground level.
violence was reported from all the three plains towns that went to vote -pujali in the south (south 24-parganas), domkal in the middle (murshidabad) and raiganj in the north (north dinajpur) -though the four hills towns that voted for new civic agencies (darjeeling, kalimpong, kurseong and mirik) were peaceful.
state congress chief adhir chowdhury petitioned pm na rendra modi against alleged rigging of local polls.
he wrote to modi and home minister rajnath singh.
the state election commission refused to either confirm or deny reports of large-scale violence.
the elections were fair and peaceful, maintained tmc.
marauding bike-borne miscreants, bombs, broken evms and panicked voters remained the recurring sights throughout the day in pujali, domkal and raiganj.
election officials cowered in fear and fled polling booths at some places.
police, responding to violence reports, themselves became targets as bombs and stones were hurled to intimidate opposition workers.
the congresscpm together tried to match the trinamool firepower in domkal but, at both raiganj and pujali, it was an unequal battle.
congress set off the candidate-withdrawal process in raiganj, followed by the left front and bjp.
same was the case in domkal.
state congress president adhir chowdhury even shot off a letter to his party chairperson on sunday evening, saying, it is important to rope in support of all political parties to oppose a bjp-rss nominee at the national level (for the presidential polls).
at the same time it is necessary to emphasize on our abiding commitment to transparency and democracy.
under your leadership and guidance, state congress workers will continue to fight for democracy and secularism and oppose both trinamool and state bjp.
in kolkata, the lf and congress supporters resorted to a road-block and sit-in-demonstration in front of the election commission's office, claiming it had failed to conduct free and fair elections.
state election commissioner ak singh's refusal to accept their deputation also prompted congress to lodge an fir against him.
congress also indicated they were exploring legal options against the state commission.
we want the elections to be countermanded as the rul ing party has unleashed terror at all the places where elections are being held, cpm state secretary surjya kanta mishra said.
chowdhury demanded countermanding of the elections alleging boothcapturing by trinamool supporters.
bjp national secretary and former state chief rahul sinha also demanded that fresh polls be declared.
the commission should cancel today's elections and fresh polls should be held with central forces in charge of security, sinha said.
in a dramatic escalation of hostility between state congress chief adhir chowdhury and trinamool congress chief mamatabanerjee , the former has petitioned prime minister narendra modi against alleged rigging of local elections.
on a day the bengal opposition blamed trinamool for violence and irregularities in municipal elections , chowdhury wrote to modi and home minister rajnath singh seeking their protection.
he also shot off a letter to congress chief sonia gandhi and cautioned her that party workers were facing state repression in the form of false criminal cases and police violence.
chowdhury has detailed alleged irregularities while suggesting that the poll process had been reduced to mockery.
it suggests that the state unit is at the end of its tether and is willing to resort to dramatic measures for self preservation.
the protest from bengal congress comes just a day ahead of banerjee's delhi visit for talks with sonia on presidential elections.
banerjee has become a key protagonist in the opposition initiative to find a joint candidate to challenge the bjp nominee who is likely to win.
kolkata: the ruling trinamool is all set to turn a legal disadvantage to its political advantage.
with the supreme court directing the state government against issuing gazette notification on the candidates winning unopposed till it takes up the matter for hearing on july 3, trinamool leaders are trying to use this 43-day window from now to woo independents and rival winners to its fold before boards at all three tiers of the panchayat system - zilla parishad, panchayat samity and gram panchayat - are formed.
the sc order won't come in the way of the delivery system in the meantime, because the tenure of old boards is going to end in august.
the window of more than one month is proving too long for the opposition parties, particularly the bjp , whose winning members will have to withstand the pressure for all these days.
the challenge for the opposition parties during this time is to hold their flock together.
trinamool's immediate target is to get into its fold most of the 1,830 independents all over the state, particularly in west midnapore (159), purulia (100) and jhargram (63), where the ruling party's performance has been below expectation.
trinamool organisers have also reached out to birbhum on monday to explore the scope of poaching some of the 63 bjp gram panchayat members in mayureswar and mohammadbazar blocks that went to elections on may 14, and also drive a wedge between the four bjp panchayat samiti members.
taking the cue from chief minister mamatabanerjee who told the day after the results that a lot of the elected independents and bjp representatives are keeping in touch with her party, trinamool's midnapore unit president ajit maity said: many independents in our district belong to our party.
they decided to contest on a free symbol after being denied a tmc ticket.
we will take them back to our fold during formation of the boards.
the party may face challenge in this mission in purulia or malda where the number of opposition winners is much more than that of the independents.
in purulia, bjp has won 645 gram panchayat and 142 panchayat samiti seats; cpm has won 153 gp seats and congress 150 seats.
bjp is under pressure in birbhum where opposition strength is less.
our representatives are under tremendous pressure.
our main challenge is to protect them.
chances of poaching are less in our district, because our members had to struggle hard since the day of nomination to the result day against threats and violence by trinamool, said bjp birbhum general secretary kalosona mandal.
the sabhadhipati of the trinamool-run birbhum zilla parishad, bikash roy chowdhury, said: let us wait for the sc hearing on july 3.
some of us, including myself, have also got winner's certificates.
at least two political parties joined the press information bureau (pib) in remembering bosekolkata: tweets paying tribute to netaji subhas chandra bose on his death anniversary evoked strong protests from various quarters on sunday.
at least two political parties joined the press information bureau (pib) in remembering bose, who had mysteriously disappeared from taiwan on august 18, 1945.
but it was a tweet by pib that led to a sharp reaction from a section of historians and netaji researchers, who pointed out that there was yet no proof that the leader had indeed expired in an air crash 74 years ago.
chief minister mamatabanerjee on sunday asserted that people have the right to know what happened to netaji, while remembering the son of the soil on the day he reportedly went missing 74 years ago.
she said the whereabouts of netaji after he disappeared on august 18, 1945 were still not known.
on this day, in 1945, netaji went on a flight from taihoku airport in taiwan, only to disappear forever.
we still do not know what happened to him.
people have a right to know about the great son of the soil, mamatabanerjee tweeted.
pib remembers the great freedom fighter netaji subhas chandra bose on his death anniversary  read the pib tweet.
the gujarat wing of bjp and congress uploaded similar messages in their respective twitter handles.
bjp leader and netajis grandnephew chandra kumar bose said the tributes were unfortunate since they ignored the fact that the plane-crash theory has not been proved.
three successive enquiry commissions failed to provide evidence of the crash.
the justice mukherjee commission  that had been formed in 1999 and submitted its report in 2005  ruled out the crash.
so, it is unfortunate that a central government agency has posted a tribute to netaji mentioning august 18 as the day of his death, said bose.
historian and former mp sugata bose  also a grandnephew of netaji  said the leader had died battling for the country.
we should be focusing on his life and ideals rather than encouraging a controversy surrounding his death, he said.
kolkata: the state is working to provide the best infrastructure for a complete makeover of salt lakes central park before the kolkata book fair starts next year.
sources from the state secretariat said that chief minister mamatabanerjee held a review meeting at nabanna on friday to take stock of the progress of work at central park, which was followed by a review meeting by officials of the urban development department, kmda and police on saturday.
the urban development department, which is the custodian of central park, is working on a number of schemes to develop the parks infrastructure.
the authorities are working on four aspects  more parking space, higher number of entry and exit gates, cuaving out more space to extend the fair ground and developing service lanes and wider pavements with paver blocks and water fountains.
we are working to finish work inside the grounds before bidhannagar mela starts at the end of this month, said an official.
the fair ground will be extended by another three acres by utilising some of the adjacent plots.
there will be high-mast illumination and a number of bio-toilets, said an official, adding that a number of waste disposal bins will be installed in and outside the park which would be cleaned on a daily basis.
the present car park accommodates about 150 vehicles.
there are a number of vacant plots close to the fair ground, including one beside bidyut bhavan, which will be utilised as parking space during the book fair, said an official, adding that if all the adjacent vacant plots are properly utilised, over 1,000 cars could be accommodated.
there will also be traffic regulations surrounding the fair ground for properly dispersing both pedestrian and vehicular traffic.
there would be huge traffic inflow at the entry points of salt lake, specially at chinrihata crossing.
to ease out the snarls, small vehicles may be diverted through the eastern canal road that moves parallel to salt lake bypass.
the road is being widened and strengthened, an official said.
officials said the surrounding areas would be spruced up for the occasion, utilising funds from the green cities mission scheme.
all steps have been taken to improve the necessary infrastructure of central park, said state urban development & municipal affairs department secretary onkar singh meena.
kolkata: a special software application will now update and alert the state administration on the vector borne diseases like dengue or malaria - its intensity and extent in particular region so that government can take emergency action wherever required - state health minister chandrima bhattacharya said on wednesday.
a fund has been allocated for studying how the character of mosquito and its breeding are changing fast.
we've formed a district-level monitoring committee which will submit detailed report on the presence and spread of such diseases.
we've brought 127 municipalities under the monitoring, bhattacharya said.
bhattacharya also said apart from 32 sentinel surveillance hospital laboratories for diagnosis and identification of the diseases, nine elisa machines are being bought to carry out necessary tests in siliguri, old malda, dhulian, domkal, baidyabati, bansberia, naihati, kanchrapara and khardah.
even private laboratories must submit a report to the health department in case of notified diseases.
this story is from january 20, 2019crowd at the mamata-led opposition rally in kolkatamake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
kolkata: leaders from over a dozen opposition parties came together on saturday, vowing at a mega rally here to put up a united fight in the coming lok sabha elections and oust prime minister narendra modi from power.
over 20 leaders, including two from the congress, attended the show of unity organised by trinamool congress leader and west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee the bjp government has crossed its expiry date, she said.
the leaders called for putting the differences between the parties aside, and said they can decide on issue of prime minister's post after the elections.
some suggested that the opposition should aim at putting up a joint candidate against the bjp nominee in every constituency.
they also decided to hold more joint rallies ahead of the elections, which are to be held by may.
the next public meetings will be in new delhi and andhra pradesh capital amravati.
the two top congress leaders, party president rahul gandhi and upa chairperson sonia gandhi, skipped the kolkata rally.
but the party was represented by mallikarjun kharge and abhishek manu singhvi.
khare, who is leader of the party in the lok sabha, read a message from sonia gandhi wishing success to the rally.
h d deve gowda (janata dal-secular), sharad pawar (nationalist congress party) akhilesh yadav (samajwadi party), farooq abdullah (national conference) and m k stalin (dmk) were among the top leaders at the rally.
delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal and his karnataka counterpart and h d kumaraswamy too attended.
socialist leader sharad yadav, former union ministers arun shourie and yashwant sinha, and bjp rebel shatrughan sinha also shared the dais.
the bjp government has crossed its expiry date.
the issue of prime ministership won't be a problem, she added.
bahujan samaj party supremo mayawati didn't come to kolkata, but bsp general secretary satish chandra mishra addressed the meeting and highlighted his party's recently announced alliance with the sp in uttar pradesh.
the entire country is echoing with the demand to oust the bjp.
we have to come together to save the constitution of babasaheb ambedkar.
the sp-bsp alliance had been formed to defeat the bjp, he said.
echoing mishra, sp president akhilesh yadav said many people had thought the sp and the bsp won't be able to clinch an alliance.
the bjp is now thinking how to win at least one seat in up, he said in an apparent reference to modi's varanasi constituency.
those who used to say 'sabka saath sabka vikas' have turned one against the other by infusing poison in the country.
we will fight together to save the country and the constitution, he said.
in an apparent hint at differences between the parties, senior congress leader mallikarjun kharge recited a couplet, which suggested that even if their hearts don't meet they should hold hands.
karnataka chief minister h d kumaraswamy said the bjp had tried to topple his government.
he said over the last 70 years the country has seen the emergence of strong regional parties that have played an important role to protect the interests of their own states.
delhi chief minister accused the bjp of creating divisions among the people in the name of religion, saying this had been pakistan's dream.
cm mamatabanerjee organised a press conferencein kolkata, and launch didi ke bolo website and a contact numbe.
.
.
read morekolkata: days after launching a website and a helpline to address people's woes, the trinamool congress on friday started a new online campaign to give netizens an opportunity to express why they were proud of chief minister mamatabanerjee with hashtag 'amar gorbo mamata' (mamata, my pride) on a twitter page of the same name, the party aims to seek feedback on the development work it has carried out over the past eight years, a senior tmc leader said.
people will be able to share their experiences and give reasons to explain why they were proud of mamatabanerjee banerjee.
we, at tmc, are proud of didi, and now this new campaign will help us find out about the experience of others, he said.
the bjp, however, said the campaign was an insult to luminaries and thinkers of bengal.
we, bengalis, are proud of our leading lights  raja rammohan roy, swami vivekananda , and rabindranath tagore .
now if we say 'mamata is my pride', it would be a slap on the face of the entire bengali community, bjp vice-president jai prakash majumdar claimed.
buffeted by reverses in recent lok sabha polls, the chief minister on monday launched helpline 9137091370 and website www.
didikebolo.com to enable people to have a direct interface with party functionaries.
the project is a part of tmc's mass outreach programme, believed to be conceived by political strategist prashant kishor , who has been signed up to strengthen the party's foothold in the state ahead of assembly polls in 2021.
according to tmc sources, the website has received over two lakh calls in the first two days.
picture used for representational purpose onlykolkata: trinamool congress leadership monday decided to hold mass protests across west bengal from this week opposing nrc in neighbouring assam, party sources said.
the decision was taken at an emergency meeting at chief minister mamatabanerjee 's residence monday afternoon.
it was decided that the mass protests would be held on september 7-8 against the national register of citizens and the divisive politics of bjp, the sources said.
on september 12 a protest rally will be organized in the city from chiria more to shyambazar in north kolkata.
banerjee, who is also the tmc supremo, is likely to be present in it, a senior party leader said.
during the meeting mamatabanerjee expressed concern over the future of 19 lakh plus people who have been left out of the final nrc list in assam.
she has asked party leaders to reach out to the people and explain to them about the sinister designs of bjp, such as the implementation of nrc if it ever comes to power in bengal, a tmc leader said.
the updated final nrc, which validates bonafide indian citizens of assam, was out on saturday.
senior tmc leader and minister firhad hakim and the party's rajya sabha deputy leader sukhendu sekhar roy have been assigned to keep in touch with leaders of the north eastern states on nrc, he said.
tmc lok sabha party leader sudip bandopadhyay has been assigned to keep in touch with leaders of other regional parties across the country on the issue, party sources said.
tmc has opposed nrc in assam and has slammed the bjp- led governments at the centre and in the state for making valid citizens refugees in their own country.
a total of 3,30,27,661 people had applied for inclusion in the nrc.
of them, 3,11,21,004 have been included in the final list and 19,06,657 excluded, according to a statement from the assam nrc coordinator's office.
those who have been excluded from the nrc have 120 days to appeal against it at the foreigners tribunals.
we are proud of our scientists.
the @isro team worked hard for #chandrayaan2 .
a befitting tribute to our founding https://t.
co/p9hasektfi  mamatabanerjee (@mamataofficial) 1567837872000a testimony to the scientific temper they ingrained in us, and their unmatched caliber and dedication.
my sincere g https://t.
the lunar mission's lander 'vikram' lost contact with the ground station minutes before its planned soft landing on moon surface.
we are proud of our scientists.
the @isro team worked hard for #chandrayaan2.
a befitting tribute to our founding fathers who envisioned india's place in the league of scientifically advanced nations far ahead of their times, she tweeted.
she congratulated the isro scientists and said the nation is with them.
a testimony to the scientific temper they ingrained in us, and their unmatched caliber and dedication.
my sincere gratitude and congratulations to @isro.
we are all with you.
may you continue to make us proud, she added.
this story is from january 20, 2019download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
panaji: bjps national spokesperson shahnawaz hussain on saturday said members of minority communities in india feel safe under the leadership of prime minister narendra modi.
hussain, who was in goa, told reporters that the mood in the country was to bring modi back as prime minister.
the minorities feel that the congress merely talked for them, but modi works for them, he said.
referring to west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjees mega rally that was held in kolkata on saturday, hussain said the mahagathbhandan (grand alliance) was just a lie.
hussain also said that if one goes by statistics, india has witnessed minimum riots under the modi-led nda government.
modi looks at 1.
32 crore indians as one.
hindus, muslims, christians and sikhs are all equal to him, the spokesperson said.
* kumaraswamy, the third son of jd(s) supremo and former prime minister hd deve gowda, will be administered the oath of office and secrecy by governor vajubhai vala at 4:30 pm in front of the vidhana soudha, the seat of the government in bengaluru.
* government officials and sources in the jd(s) said congress president rahul gandhi, his mother and upa chairperson sonia gandhi, west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee , n chandrababu naidu, arvind kejriwal and pinarayi vijayan, her counterparts in andhra pradesh, delhi and kerala respectively, are among those likely to be present.
* cpm general secretary sitaram yechury, one of the most vocal votaries of an anti-bjp alliance, tejashwi yadav, the leader of opposition in the bihar assembly, makkal needhi maiam chief kamal haasan and national conference leader farooq abdullah are also expected to be present at the ceremony.
* bsp chief mayawati and sp leader akhilesh yadav, who had formed an alliance during by-polls in uttar pradesh, would also attend the ceremony.
* dmk leader m k stalin, who was also expected to be present in order to show the burgeoning opposition consolidation against the bjp, has cancelled his bengaluru visit and would instead head for tuticorin in tamil nadu, where nine people were killed in police firing yesterday.
* telangana chief minister k chandrashekhar rao extended his greetings to kumaraswamy and said that he will not be attending the ceremony as he has collector's conference in hyderabad today.
* shiv sena leader sanjay raut, too, offered his wishes and expressed his inability to attend the ceremony as all his party leaders are busy in palghar lok sabha by-elections.
* however, the bjp has dubbed the congress-jd(s) alliance as unholy and claimed that the government will not complete its full term.
the saffron party has decided to boycott the oath-taking ceremony and will observe anti-people's mandate day to protest the formation of the coalition government.
* a huge stage has been erected in front of the majestic stone building for the ceremony where a host of national and regional leaders are expected to be present to send a message across to the bjp over the shape of things to come in 2019.
* karnataka congress president g parameshwara will be sworn-in as the deputy chief minister, aicc general secretary in-charge of the state k c venugopal said.
* congress's ramesh kumar, a former minister, will be the next assembly speaker, while the deputy speaker's post will go to the jd(s), venugopal told pti.
* the congress would have 22 ministers and jd(s) 12, he said, adding that they would be sworn-in after the floor test slated for friday.
chennai: dmk president m karunanidhi , who turned 94 today, may be inactive due to age-related ailments.
but he remains to be the tallest leader for his party cadre.
party functionaries and cadre thronged karunanidhi's gopalapuram residence here from early morning to celebrate his birthday.
they danced to drum beats and distributed sweets.
the scene was the same across tamil nadu with party leaders and cadre distributing sweets to people.
leaders from other parties also were not far behind in greeting karunanidhi on his birthday.
west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee took to twitter to wish the dravidian leader a long life.
bjp leader and union minister for state pon radhakrishnan , senior congress leader and former union finance minister p chidambaram as well as vck chief thol thirumavalavan also tweeted, greeting karunanidhi.
harsh vardhan (file photo)new delhi: in the wake of protests by the medical fraternity in support of agitating doctors in kolkata, union health minister harsh vardhan on friday urged them to exercise restraint and continue serving patients.
he appealed to west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee to not make this sensitive matter a prestige issue and said that he will write to her in this regard.
junior doctors in west bengal are on a strike since tuesday after two of their colleagues were attacked and seriously injured allegedly by relatives of a patient who died at nrs medical college and hospital in kolkata.
despite getting beaten so badly, doctors have only asked her (mamata banerjee) to provide them with adequate security and also demanded action against the perpetrators of the violence as per the law, vardhan said.
but instead of doing that, she warned them and gave an ultimatum which angered doctors across the country and they proceeded on strike.
so if the chief minister acts in a sensitive manner in such a grave scenario, patients across the country will not suffer.
i plead to the west bengal chief minister to not make this an issue of prestige, he said.
he assured doctors that the government is committed to ensuring their safety and urged them to ensure that essential services are not disrupted.
i appeal to them that they can hold symbolic protests but should also continue to work so that patients do not suffer, the union health minister said.
vardhan had on thursday urged patients and their attendants to exercise restraint and said he will take up the matter of doctors' security with chief ministers of all states.
scores of doctors at several government and private hospitals in delhi held demonstrations friday by marching and raising slogans to express solidarity with their protesting colleagues in west bengal.
a group of members of the aiims resident doctors association also met vardhan and apprised him of the medical fraternity's demand of ensuring safety and security of doctors in face of any violence in hospital premises.
they also submitted a memorandum to vardhan demanding a central law against hospital violence.
they have sought immediate security and intervention of the centre to stop the politically motivated atrocity on the protesting doctors in west bengal.
they have also demanded recruitment of both armed and unarmed trained competent security guards at all government health facilities and increasing the number of security staff at hostels.
the delegation also sought making cctv vigilance in every hospital mandatory and implementation of a hotline alarm system.
vardhan has assured the doctors that he will look into their demands.
doctors under the banner of the resident doctors' association (rda) held out marches in the aiims campus, with many wearing bandages on their foreheads while some worked wearing helmets.
resident doctors of the safdarjung hospital also took out protests in their campusthe indian medical association (ima) has directed members of all its state branches to stage protests and wear black badges to work on friday.
new delhi: upa chairperson sonia gandhi congress president rahul gandhi and others today paid homage to former prime minster rajiv gandhi on his 27th death anniversary.
priyanka gandhi along with her husband robert vadra also paid tributes to the former pm at his memorial-veer bhumi here.
they were joined by congress leaders sheila dixit, ashok gehlot, sushil kumar shinde, mallikarjun kharge, former prime minister manmohan singh and former president pranab mukherjee.
rahul took to twitter thanking his father (rajiv gandhi) for teaching him how to love and respect every one.
my father taught me that hate is a prison for those who carry it.
today, on his death anniversary, i thank him for teaching me to love and respect all beings, the most valuable gifts a father can give a son, he tweeted.
rajiv gandhi, those of us that love you hold you forever in our hearts, he added.
west bengal chief minister and trinamool congress chief mamatabanerjee also remembered rajiv gandhi and conveyed a message through twitter.
solemnly and very fondly remembering former prime minister rajiv gandhi on his death anniversary, she said.
congress leaders digvijay singh, pl punia, randeep singh surjewala, sanjay nirupam and bhupinder singh hooda were among those who paid tributes to rajiv gandhi through social media.
a recipient of bharat ratna, rajiv gandhi was assassinated in chennai's sriperumbudur on may 21, 1991.
west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjeekolkata: west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on thursday took out a rally in north kolkata to protest against nrc in assam the tmc supremo along with her party colleagues began her march from sinthee more in the northern fringes of the city around 3 pm.
the rally will culminate at shyambazar five-point crossing, 5 km away.
the trinamool congress leadership, which has been one of the vociferous critics of the nrc, has accused the bjp of trying to divide people through the exercise.
the party had on september 7 and 8 taken out rallies in other parts of the state to oppose the exercise to update citizenship register.
over 19 lakh of the 3.
29 crore applicants in assam did not find a place in the final national register of citizens (nrc), which was published on august 31.
this story is from december 25, 2018west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee (pti)make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
kolkata: west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on tuesday remembered former prime minister atal bihari vajpayee on his 94th birth anniversary and hailed him as a statesman who rose above partisan politics.
banerjee had served as the railway minister in vajpayee-led cabinet.
tribute to atal bihari vajpayee ji on his birth anniversary.
he was a statesman who rose above partisan politics for the country's good.
we miss him a lot, mamatabanerjee tweeted.
the veteran bjp leader served three terms as the prime minister - first for a period of 13 days in 1996, then for 13 months from 1998 to 1999, and a full term from 1999 to 2004.
he passed away on august 16 in delhi at the age of 93.
vajpayee's birth anniversary is celebrated as good governance day across the country.
this story is from november 15, 2018photo for representative purpose onlydownload the times of india news app for latest citykolkata: national carrier air india will add five aircraft to its fleet by next march, paving the way for introduction of more flights to the east, ai chairman and md pradeep singh kharola said on wednesday.
the planes will be taken on dry lease.
speaking on the sidelines of the alumnus award ceremony and foundation day lecture at iim calcutta, kharola said: we have domestic and international plans and augmenting the fleet is key to realizing them.
we will be adding five more airbus a320 aircraft by next march.
they will primarily be used in the domestic sector and eastern india figures in the plan.
on the possibility of introducing long-haul international flights from kolkata and possible direct connectivity with europe, something that chief minister mamatabanerjee had been requesting ai for sometime, the executive said it was under consideration.
long-haul flights depend on availability of aircraft and viability of the route.
we have recently started a flight to bangkok.
the flight to europe from kolkata is still under consideration, he said.
ai had withdrawn the direct flight to london from kolkata over a decade ago.
though loads were adequate, aviation industry sources said lack of business class passengers  who offer higher yields than economy-class travellers  led to the flights withdrawal.
lufthansa, too, withdrew its frankfurt flight, ostensibly for the same reason.
discussing the national carriers revival plan after a failed divestment effort earlier this year, kharola said discussions were at an advanced stage to transfer the airlines working capital debt of about rs 29,000 crore of the total debt of rs 55,000 crore to a special purpose vehicle (spv) that will operate as a new company.
this will reduce the carriers debt burden by half.
the spv will repay the debt and interest liabilities through the sale of the airlines assets and subsidiaries.
the assets include land and buildings that ai has across the country, said kharola.
on the airlines stand on senior captain arvind kathpalia, who had failed an alcohol test before an international flight he was to command last sunday, the cmd said kathpalia was no longer the director of operations.
dgca has suspended his commercial pilots licence for three years, he said.
she also announced a 25  reduction in electricity bills, although it wasnt immediately clear who would foot this: the government, or the electricity supply agencies.
banerjees largesse  announced during her annual pre-puja meeting with committees  drew huge cheer from the organisers, but it entails a 66.
7  additional expense for the states coffers.
and the amount may rise.
she announced that committees led by women, or ones having substantial women members, would get an additional rs 5,000.
the chief minister said the money was being given keeping in mind the severe financial slowdown in the country.
i have discussed the proposal with my finance minister, my chief secretary, the police commissioner and the director general of police, and all of them have agreed, she said.
last year, the decision to grant funds to puja committees was challenged in calcutta high court and later in supreme court on the argument that using state funds built with citizens taxes couldnt be spent for a religious festival because it went against articles 14, 15 and 27 of the constitution.
a division bench led by justice debashis kar gupta had initially stayed the government decision but refused to come in the way of the government when the state advocate-general submitted that the government had disbursed the money as part of its traffic safety campaign and not for the religious festival.
she also mildly rebuked her senior ministers firhad hakim, aroop biswas and sujit bose for creating separate vip entries at the pujas they helm.
everybody should queue up to see the goddess, she said.
bjp read a populist move in the announcement.
i strongly oppose the move, said bjp state general secretary sayantan basu.
we believe in justice to all and appeasement to none.
the cm is trying to win hearts by throwing crumbs to the puja committees.
it is not going to help her, as was evident in the 2019 lok sabha polls.
kolkata: chief minister mamatabanerjee doesn't want the opposition to announce its candidate for the coming presidential polls before the bjp-led nda announces its nominee for the polls.
the west bengal chief minister is also game for a consensus candidate if the ruling bjp wants it.
the trinamool chief is likely to express her views in the meeting with congress president sonia gandhi in new delhi on wednesday evening.
while the forthcoming presidential polls will top the agenda, didi has already indicated that she is unwilling to name anyone as the consensus opposition candidate before the ruling nda spells out its candidate.
she will not close the doors for even a consensus to emerge among the ruling and opposition bloc, a senior trinamool leader said.
yet, mamatabanerjee is leaving for delhi on wednesday with an eye on forging an common understanding with the opposition parties beyond the presidential polls.
the trinamool chief isn't willing to burn bridges with the congress high command that has thrown its weight behind her on crucial occasions when she has flagged her dissent against pm narendra modi during demonetisation and also on contentious issues such as army deployment at a stone's throw from nabanna.
what's more, mamatabanerjee wants to keep the congress high command in good humour so that it reconsiders its proposal of backing cpm's general secretary sitaram yechury for a second term in rajya sabha.
instead, the trinamool chief may propose a common sixth candidate close to congress for whom tmc may transfer its preferential votes apart from those for its five named party trinamool nominees.
didi is also looking beyond congress to arrive at an understanding with other opposition parties, including dmk.
she is sending trinamool's rajya sabha leader derek o'brien to chennai on june 3 to attend dmk leader m k karunanidhi's birthday celebrations.
congress vice-president rahul gandhi is also likely to attend the event.
according to tmc sources, mamatabanerjee isn't happy with the election commission's decision to postpone the june 8 rajya sabha polls.
it is likely that she may broach the topic with the congress chief.
didi enjoys a very good personal rapport with (senior congress leader) ahmed patel.
the four-time rajya sabha mp from gujarat is facing a stiff challenge, given factionalism.
the delayed poll schedule only jeopardises his chances, for it allows bjp the leg room to engineer a split, a senior trinamool leader said.
the reason for banerjee's frequent delhi visits could be to block efforts by the state congress to come to an understanding with the left and not trinamool.
it became all too apparent on tuesday when congress mlas decided to move a no-confidence motion against the mamatabanerjee government along with the left front in the ongoing assembly session, in what is being interpreted as its strongest signal to the party high command on which party its loyalties lie with.
we have decided to bring a no-confidence motion against the corrupt state government run by tmc.
democracy was butchered in the recently-held municipal polls.
yesterday, police resorted to unprovoked baton-charge on peaceful protesters.
even journalists were not spared, said leader of opposition and state congress leader abdul mannan of congress.
later, congress and left mlas submitted a deputation to governor keshari nath tripathy against the alleged bouncer culture within the assembly, where non-mlas outnumber mlas.
the congress-left's numbers in the assembly make the fate of the motion a foregone conclusion.
the congress's numbers have decreased to 39 in the assembly after five mlas switched to the ruling party; left front has 31 mlas in the assembly.
the tmc had won 211 seats in the state assembly.
it isn't without reason, therefore, state parliamentary affairs minister partha chatterjee took a dig at the left-congress joint initiative.
they can do whatever they want, parliamentary affairs minister partha chatterjee said in a dig at the bengal opposition's joint initiative.
kolkata: chief minister mamatabanerjee on wednesday  a day before the proposed bus strike  announced a hike in fares, leaving operators with no choice but to roll back the strike.
fares of metered taxis, trams and ferries have also been revised.
with this fare revision, the state government has also proposed to introduce dynamic pricing of bus fare , based on dynamic pricing of fuel.
the state government commissioned management institute iiswbm for devising a dynamic pricing formula.
on the basis of its recommendation, the transport department might raise fare by re 1 when diesel prices go up by rs 9.
if the diesel price dips by an equivalent amount, the fare will be reduced by re 1, a senior government officer said.
announcing the hike of re 1 per stage, the cm justified the decision in the backdrop of sharp hike in diesel price in recent days.
across the board, the bus fare will increase by 16.
25 .
the new fare is expected to be effective from saturday.
the minimum fare for a bus ride will thereafter be rs 7.
stepping into a minibus will attract a minimum fare of rs 8.
for cabs, the initial fare for 2.
2km will go up from rs 25 to rs 30.
thereafter, the fare will rise by rs 14 per km, against rs 12 at present.
a committee, to be headed by additional chief secretary alapan bandyopadhyay, will be formed to monitor the market price of oil.
if the price reduces, the committee will suggest a downward fare revision, said an official.
though dissatisfied with the paltry hike, bus operators said they were forced to swallow the bitter pill as they could not differ with the cm.
the bus operators had demanded a much higher hike, citing a jump in every component of bus operation, from cost of tyre to insurance, road tax and fitness.
they had demanded a minimum fare of rs 9 for the first 3km and rs 11 on long-distance buses for first 4km.
on wednesday, the cm convened an urgent meeting with bus operators and transport department officials and announced the hike.
emerging from the meeting, transport minister suvendu adhikari said the government was forced to raise the fare as the centre had been unable to check the runway hike in diesel price.
the last fare hike in bengal had taken place in 2014.
apologizing to customers for the hike, adhikari said the government did not have any option as many people, who were directly or indirectly linked with transport business, were bleeding following the fuel price hike.
the transport minister ruled out the chance of any bus strike on thursday following the announcement but conceded that all demands of bus operators could not be fulfilled as the cm was against any antipeople steps.
tapan bandyopadhyay of the joint council of bus syndicate refused to comment on the hike before seeing the notification.
from what it appears, this will not change our moribund state, he said.
subhas chandra bose of the federation of west bengal truck operators association said truck operators would go for a nation-wide strike against diesel price rise and police atrocities.
behrampore: just a few days after trinamool congress chief mamatabanerjee upped the ante against the congress-led upa government over the hike in petro prices, congress - the trinamool ally in west bengal - planned a stir against the state government's decision to expedite development work by bureaucrats, ignoring the elected local bodies.
the agitation programme will start in murshidabad.
the party will also step up pressure on the state government to procure paddy or jute when the centre has announced support prices.
the friendly opposition is likely to gain momentum in view of the panchayat elections by the end of 2012.
congress strongman adhir chowdhury on saturday made this announcement in presence of union finance minister pranab mukherjee and pradesh congress president pradip bhattacharya.
we will not keep mum.
what is preventing the government from buying paddy or jute while the centre has announced support prices?
i came to know of the state's decision to buy only 55,000 tonnes of paddy in murshidabad, while farmers of kandi alone produce 2.
80 lakh tonnes.
i would urge the union finance minister to arrange for paddy purchase through the food corporation of india if the state fails to do so.
pcc president pradip bhattacharya criticised the state's decision to execute the development works by nominated bureaucrats that might render the elected local bodies jobless.
we protested when the left front government tried to dissolve the elected congress-run civic board in behrampore.
we will do the same again if the government proceeds with its plan.
elected panchayats and municipalities are statutory bodies.
no government can curb their powers.
all these issues will come up at the panchayat raj convention in kolkata on november 20, bhattacharya said.
he clarified that the state congress was not going a whole hog against the mamatabanerjee government.
our party is with the cm's development plan and her attempts to check the maoist problem, the pradesh congress president said.
state irrigation minister manas bhunia told party workers that he would personally look into the government's alleged reluctance to recognise that the left front has lost its majority in the murshidabad zilla parishad.
i will take up the matter with the panchayat and rural development secretary and urge him to look into the issue.
the administration should change the sthayee samitis as the left front has become minority.
state ministers manoj chakraborty, abu hena attended the convention at rabindrasadan.
kolkata: trinamool congress' lok sabha leader sudip bandyopadhyay , now out on bail in the rose valley case, hopes to join politics soon after he recovers.
the ailing leader, who was admitted to the jharpada correctional home hospital in bhubaneswar days after he was sent to judicial custody, said on sunday that a single incident would not tarnish his four-and-a-half-decade-long political career.
bandyopadhyay told reporters inside a private nursing home in bhubaneswar: i am the leader of the party in parliament and a lot of responsibilities are on my shoulders.
it might take some time as i need to be under medical supervision.
immediately after bandyopadhyay was granted bail by orissa high court on friday, chief minister mamatabanerjee had raised concerns about his health and suggested he take rest for sometime.
i will not call it a day.
i will join the fray immediately after my health condition improves, a frail bandyopadhyay said on sunday.
earlier, his wife nayana said his pulse rate had become erratic along with unstable blood pressure.
the 64-year-old leader, who had been with trinamool since its inception, said: i have been elected for eight terms and have never been charged for corruption.
yet, i was framed.
he did not comment on cbi 's decision to move the supreme court.
i respect the judiciary.
cbi is a respectable organization and i have no grudge against them, he said.
after he was interrogated at the jharpada hospital on january 24, the agency had decided to make him sit face to face with rose valley boss gautam kundu.
bandyopadhyay's lawyers had earlier argued that cbi's chargesheet mentions furthering investigation in respect of other accused persons.
it means they do not require his custodial interrogation any more, one of his lawyers said.
after his legal papers were produced at the khurda court on saturday, bandyopadhyay was released late in the evening.
accompanied by nayana, he was taken out of apollo hospital in an ambulance a little after 4pm.
a police car escorted it till the airport and the tmc leader took a flight back to kolkata.
at the nscbi airport, he was brought out at 6.
45pm amid tight security and taken to apollo hospital in a critical care ambulance.
bjp state leaders termed bandyopadhyay's release unexpected.
bengal unit president dilip ghosh said in malda on sunday: sudip bandyopadhyay's bail is certainly a setback for us.
but the court has done whatever it has thought to be just.
their leader of parliament is involved in graft.
.
.
we're sure the reprieve is temporary.
inset below:kolkata: trinamool mp tapas paul was moved to the icu in apollo hospital on sunday afternoon after he complained of multiple ailments.
while he had nerve problems earlier, his heart condition has worsened over the past few months, his wife nandini said on sunday.
multiple organs have been affected.
of late, his heart condition has also got worse.
during the month he was in the correctional home, his health deteriorated rapidly, said nandini.
paul, arrested by cbi on december 30 last year, was admitted to a nursing home a month back.
his treatment was on and we could not complete it.
we are worried after he was admitted to the icu today, she said.
this story is from february 16, 2019download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
kolkata: chief minister mamatabanerjee wants the centre to announce a 72-hour mourning in memory of the crpf jawans killed in a suicide attack at pulwama in jammu on thursday.
she spoke to one of the two bereaved families from west bengal and also sent a minister to meet both families.
banerjee didnt hide her displeasure over prime minister narendra modis flagging off of the semi high-speed delhi-varanasi vande bharat express the day after the tragedy.
today even the pm has inaugurated a railway project.
these kinds of programmes should be avoided at this moment.
why will there not be 72 hours national mourning for these jawans?
why will there be national mourning only on the death of a politician?
we should be more sensitive towards these brave soldiers who laid down their lives for the country, she said.
asked about the pm blaming pakistan for the attacks, the cm said: this is a big incident and we dont want to do politics.
but there are some questions i am asking myself.
what was the national security adviser doing?
how can this happen in j&k when the state has come under presidents rule.
there is the home ministry and defence ministry.
condemning the terror attack, mamatabanerjee clarified she stood by the centre in this hour of crisis and would endorse its steps as she had done after the pathankot or mumbai terror strikes.
all that we need now is to conduct an inquiry with a free mind.
we need to find out who all were behind this incident, she said.
the cm wanted the centre to call an all-party meeting instead of a meeting of parliamentary party leaders on saturday.
our parliamentary party leader sudip bandyopadhyay and derek (obrien) got a call from the centre.
why are they calling a parliamentary party meeting when parliament (session) is already over.
they should have called an all-party meeting.
we dont want to do politics but politics has already started, she said.
a bad decision can destroy the country.
this is our national issue and our national interest should be our priority.
kolkata: a two-acre property in shakespeare sarani, widely known as the birthplace of aurobindo ghosh , also witnessed a crucial piece of history of the subcontinent  the birth of bangladesh.
no wonder, bangladesh deputy high commission has planned a meeting with members of sri aurobindo samity, the board of trustees that manages 8 shakespeare sarani, where a pioneer of militant indian nationalism was born on august 15, 1872.
the meeting will be a follow-up of bangladesh pm sheikh hasinas wish to use parts of the premises in remembrance of a crucial episode of the countrys history.
this address was the headquarters of the first government of bangladesh (government-in-exile) from april to december 1971, said toufique hasan, bangladesh deputy high commissioner.
it was witness to emergence of the new nation, he added.
chief minister mamatabanerjee is reportedly ready to offer alternative land to sri aurobindo samity, members of which have written to governor k n tripathi.
we seek his intervention, samity assistant secretary satindra dasgupta said.
the governor, incidentally, is ex-officio chairman of the board of trustees and the cm an ex-officio member.
their roles have been defined by the sri aurobindo memorial act, 1972.
the act makes it clear that this property is strictly meant for propagating the teachings of sri aurobindo among the masses and nothing else, quipped indranil sanyal , who heads sabda, publication section of sri aurobindo samity.
during their kolkata meeting on may 26, mamatabanerjee had offered land in rajarhat to set up a museum in the memory of sheikh hasinas father bangabandhu mujibur rahaman.
thats when the issue of auronbindo bhavans strong bangladeshi connect was broached by bangladesh deputy high commission officials, who recalled the historic nine months in 1970 when the indira gandhi-led indian government let muktijodhhas operate out of the expansive shakespeare sarani property comprising a 10-cottah lawn, a sprawling driveway and a sixcottah backyard, which was transformed into a shrine two years later, around a sparkling white tomb that preserves aurobindos hair and nails.
we believe in the good sense of our leaders and the bangladeshi leadership and are confident that the place will be left alone, said dasgupta.
hasan is also optimistic.
the cm is extremely positive.
we hope that our part of the history is registered somewhere within the compound, he said, adding, at the same time, we want to ensure that the interest of aurobindo bhavan is not hampered.
md mofakkharul iqbal, first secretary (press), said, the authorities have been extremely cordial in allowing us to hold our mujibnagar dibosh on april 17.
sanyal said, the event is being held since 2015.
what took them (bangladeshi government) so long to commemorate the precious past buried inside aurobindo bhavan?
howrah: around 20 people, including women, were injured when a bus carrying trinamool congress supporters back home to raina in burdwan collided with a trailer on kona expressway around 2.
40pm on thursday.
bus driver ashish das , who was among the injured, was arrested.
das has been charged with rash and negligent driving.
the bus passengers had participated in the trinamools international womens day meeting addressed by chief minister mamatabanerjee near the gandhi statue in howrah the injured were later rescued by police and taken to howrah district hospital.
they were all discharged after first aid.
the police have seized the bus.
soma sarkar, a trinamool worker, said, the driver was driving very slowly.
he seemed to be dozing off.
when we pushed him to drive faster, he suddenly picked up speed so much so that he couldnt apply the brakes on time when he saw the trailer near the garfa bridge on kona expressway.
this story is from february 9, 2019cm mamatabanerjee inagurates the 1 km one-way race-course bound ramp connecting maa flyover with ajc bose roa.
.
.
read moredownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
kolkata: travelling from the city's eastern fringes to the central business district will now be without hiccup.
the inauguration of the 1 km long arm connecting park circus-bound flank of maa flyover to race course bound flank of ajc bose road flyover on friday evening by chief minister mamatabanerjee will enable motorists and commuters to avoid traffic snarls at park circus seven-point crossing and circus avenue, saving 10-20 minutes travel time depending on the hour of travel.
the linking of the two flyovers, constructed a decade apart, will bridge the gap between localities in east like new town, salt lake, lake town, bangur and baguiati with race course, alipore, park street, bbd bag and esplanade.
the arm in the reverse direction was completed over a year ago and had made life a breeze for motorists headed to em bypass from race course.
this new ramp will ease traffic congestion at park circus crossing.
rites has been engaged to conduct a feasibility study for another ramp towards ballygunge phari, the chief minister said, outlining another plan for a flyover project that has been underway since 2010.
before the ramp was open, it used to take around 25-30 mins in lean hours and about 45-50 mins in peak rush hours to travel from science city to race course.
with the new ramp now opened to traffic, it can potentially reduce commute time by half.
there is, however, some concern over the dispersal at the race course end given that some traffic earlier took park street prior to 1 pm and theatre road after that while heading to chowringhee .
now, even these motorists will tend to take the arm and continue travelling on the elevated corridor.
commuters who travel on the stretch daily are delighted.
they have been looking forward to the inauguration and can't wait to take the link arm on saturday.
it will not just make life simple for traffic bound for the city centre, the decongestion of park circus seven point crossing will help motorists heading to and from garihat, park street and elsewhere, said biker uday roy.
the next date will be for the reopning of the em bypass-bound maa flyover ramp from park circus that has been kept shut during the day ever since the flyover was opened three years ago.
with the twin arms now open, police believe it is just a matter of time before the ramp is opened to em bypass-bound traffic during the day.
currently, it is used in that direction between 10 pm and 9 am and thereafter, used by park circus-bound vehicles that switch over to the flank through a break in the median divider.
this story is from january 10, 2019former trinamool congress lok sabha mp soumitra khan from west bengal poses for a photograph with union minister dharmendra pradhan and other bjp leaders.
(pti photo)soumitra khanmake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
kolkata/new delhi: ahead of the general elections, trinamool congress suffered its first-ever defection in the lok sabha with its bishnupur mpjoining the rival bjp on wednesday.
bolpur mp anupam hazra is expected to follow suit.
a bjp leader said apart from khan, at least six tmc mps are in touch with us.
even as the bengal bjp refused to name them, speculation is rife that arpita ghosh and satabdi roy , too, could desert tmc.
sources said the disgruntled tmc mps are known to be close to the partys former no.
2 mukul roy , who had joined bjp.
the rumblings within the tmc come 10 days before cm mamatabanerjee banerjees january 19 kolkata rally aimed at giving shape to an anti-bjp platform.
tmc was quick to expel both khan and hazra for anti-party activities, while accusing them of corruption.
the buzz about both the mps joining bjp had been on since the monsoon session last year as it was clear tmc would not re-nominate them in the lok sabha polls.
training his guns on the cm, soumitra khan said tmc was no longer a party but a private company of mamatabanerjee and her nephew abhishek.
a syndicate raj and police raj are going on hand-in-hand in bengal, he said.
abhishek, an observer for bankura, said, soumitra was a jote (trinamool and congress) candidate in 2011, switched to trinamool and became an mp in 2014.
he should provide accounts for mplad expenditure.
hes accountable to people.
khans decision to quit tmc came soon after bankura sdpo sukomal das registered a case against him following complaints of corruption in recruitment of primary teachers.
a day earlier, the mps assistant susanta dan was arrested.
the bishnupur mp had met bjp president amit shah before joining the party in the presence of union minister dharmendra pradhan.
khan has been assured a bjp ticket in the general elections, bjp sources said.
khans entry will give a fillip to bjp in bankura, where the party had won 234 gram panchayat seats.
kolkata: the criminal investigation department (cid) of west bengal police has decided to recruit 100 software engineers to detect and prevent the spread of rumours on social networking sites like facebook, twitter, instagram and whatsapp.
the move is aimed at controlling the threat of inflammatory posts, pictures and videos that can trigger communal tension.
the cabinet has approved the recruitment.
sources said chief minister mamatabanerjee , who looks after the home department, was herself keen to create a state-of-the-art cyber cell that would keep a tab on social media, customize software and maintain a liaison with the union home ministry and internet service providers to control information flow during a crisis.
senior cabinet minister partha chatterjee said the state government would recruit more computer engineers and software developers later.
the need for a state-of-the-art cyber crime cell was felt following reports from intelligence agencies and the union home ministry that communal clashes that erupted in recent times had been deliberately stoked through inflammatory video circulating on social media.
according to senior police officers, three types of messages have been detected so far: building opinion, consolidation and spreading rumours.
realising the urgency of the situation, the cm held several meetings with dgp surajit kar purkayastha , home secretary moloy de and kolkata police commissioner rajib kumar.
a senior cid officer told toi that the current cyber cell wasn't cutting-edge enough and the government needed a more elaborate set-up with strainer software that is capable of filtering messages uploaded on social networking platforms.
during crisis, the department will use emergency communication systems to refute misinformation and provide citizens with timely, localised, and correct information through multiple communication channels.
controlling whatsapp though proves a challenge.
in case of facebook, the government can block specific pages or urls by ordering the internet service providers to do so.
we can also filter pages by blocking words or content.
but taking the isp route to restrict access to specific content is not possible in case of whatsapp.
it is a peer-to-peer messaging service and the entire content is encrypted.
the entire application will have to be blocked because removal of specific content is not possible, the officer added.
new delhi: a committee for giving time-bound suggestions on the issue of 'one nation, one election' will be set up by prime minister narendra modi, defence minister rajnath singh announced on wednesday after a meeting of chiefs of political parties.
in a bid to build a consensus on holding simultaneous polls to the lok sabha and state assemblies, modi convened the meeting of presidents of all political parties for which 40 were invited.
21 parties attended the meeting while three shared their views on the subject in writing.
addressing mediapersons after the meeting, singh, who moderated the gathering, said most parties supported the 'one nation, one election' idea.
however, left parties such as the cpi and the cpm had difference of opinion on how the exercise of joint elections will be held and that they were not opposed (to the idea), he said.
among the notable absentees were congress president rahul gandhi, west bengal chief minister and tmc leader mamatabanerjee , bsp supremo mayawati, sp president akhilesh yadav, dmk's m k stalin, trs chief k chandrashekhar rao, shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray and delhi chief minister and aam admi party(aap) convenor arvind kejriwal.
trs was represented by its working president k t rama rao.
most of the parties supported ' one nation one election '.
there was some difference of opinion from cpm and cpi that how it will be done.
and both left parties didn't directly oppose it rather expressed apprehensions that how it will be implemented, he said adding, prime minister will form a committee which will hold discussions with all stake holders in a time-bound manner.
according to sources, this panel is likely to be political in nature that will include leaders from various political parties.
singh said modi made it clear at the meeting that the simultaneous polls is not government's agenda and that it is the nation's agenda.
quoting modi, singh said he told presidents of the political parties that if there is any difference of opinion it is welcome.
modi had invited the heads of all political parties which have at least one member either in the lok sabha or the rajya sabha for the meeting to discuss several issues, including the one nation, one election idea, celebration of 75 years of independence in 2022 and the 150th birth anniversary of mahatma gandhi this year.
singh said on the issue of increasing the productivity of parliament all parties were in agreement on this.
those leaders who were present in the meeting were of the opinion that there should be cordial atmosphere for communication and discussion in the house.
leaders of various parties emphasised that the young generation should be aware about the teachings of mahatma gandhi, singh said.
those who attended the meeting included ncp leader sharad pawar, cpm's sitaram yechury, cpi general secretary s sudhakar reddy, bihar chief minister and jd (u) leader nitish kumar, sad leader sukhbir singh badal, odisha chief minister and bjd leader naveen patnaik and national people's party leader conard sangma.
pdp leader mehbooba mufti, national conference patriarch farooq abdullah and aimim chief asaduddin owais also attended.
besides modi and singh, the government was represented by union home minister amit shah, his cabinet colleagues nitin gadkari and pralhad joshi.
bjp's new working president jp nadda was also present.
mayawati tweeted on tuesday that she would have attended the all-party meeting if it was on electronic voting machines (evms).
talking to reporters after the meeting, yechury described the concept of simultaneous polls as anti-democracy and anti-federalism and said the bjp is trying to bring in president form of government structure through back door.
on celebrations of 150 years of birth anniversary of mahatma gandhi, yechury said the best tribute to the father of nation could be by taking stringent action against those who are glorifying his assassin and enacting a strong law against mob lynching.
bjd's naveen patnaik, who supported the government's idea of simultaneous polls, demanded the inclusion of the words peace and non-violence in the preamble of the constitution.
sources said that the opposition parties want proper discussion before going ahead with simultaneous polls.
last august, the law commission had recommended holding simultaneous elections to the lok sabha and state assemblies to save public money.
the draft, submitted to the law ministry, however, cautioned that holding simultaneous elections is not possible within the existing framework of the constitution.
the centre has been toying with the idea for quite some time now.
the prime minister called for widespread debate and consultations on simultaneous elections for lok sabha and vidhan sabhas, keeping in view various aspects such as the resulting financial savings and consequent better utilisation of resources, an official release said last week after modi addressed a niti aayog meeting.
the government think-tank, niti aayog, last year suggested synchronised two-phase lok sabha and assembly polls from 2024 to ensure minimum campaign-mode disruption to governance.
west bengal assembly (file photo)kolkata: the congress and the left front legislators on tuesday staged a walkout from the west bengal assembly after their demand for a discussion over alleged police assault on para-teachers was turned down.
the demand of left front legislature party leader sujan chakraborty that an adjournment motion be brought in and a discussion held on the matter was rejected by speaker biman mamatabanerjee , prompting the left front and congress legislators to walk out after shouting anti-government slogans.
they then staged a protest outside the house.
there are several issues but the state government neither allows the opposition to raise nor discuss them.
the way the para-teachers were beaten up by the police is not only undemocratic but also inhuman.
we condemn it, chakraborty told reporters.
the left front and the congress legislators, however, joined the house proceedings in the second half.
para-teachers sitting on a hunger strike in nadia's kalyani to press for hike in their salaries were allegedly assaulted by police on august 17.
ten eminent personalities of the state had written an open letter to chief minister mamatabanerjee on august 20 over the incident, urging her government to resolve the issue in a democratic manner.
kolkata : hrd minister prakash javadekar on saturday hinted at abiding by the madras high court order of doing away with homework in classes i and ii.
we will definitely follow the order.
i believe children should attend school to learn with fun and should not be put under any pressure.
we shall study the order and do whatever is possible to reduce their burden, the union minister said in a press conference on saturday.
javadekar expressed hope to pass the bill by amending the right of children to free and compulsory education act  2009 in the upcoming monsoon session of parliament.
the congress has not allowed us to hold the parliament session.
by march 2019, each state will be able to bring back pass-fail in classes v and viii.
as many as 25 states, including bengal, have agreed to the proposal, he added.
once the pass-fail system is brought back, students will be detained in the two classes over poor performance.
however, after attending remedial classes for two months, unsuccessful students will be given an opportunity to re-appear in another exam.
they will have to repeat the class only if they fail the second time.
each state can introduce the pass-fail system only in classes v and viii as doing the same in any other standard will require further amendment of the rte act 2009, explained javadekar.
the hrd minister stressed that education was not about memorizing and rote learning but about comprehension, communication and development of analytical abilities.
the previous ncert syllabus was cramped and did not allow students to enjoy adequate physical activities.
it has already been proposed to reduce the syllabus by half.
we have received 37,000 suggestions based on each class and subjects.
all the proposals have been forwarded to the teachers who are working on it and will soon come up with a plan.
based on it, some portion of the ncert-prescribed syllabus will be reduced in 2019 and again some in 2020, pointed out javadekar.
mhrd is also set to unveil a new education policy by the end of june.
the proposals will be placed before the union cabinet for approval.
it will be a comprehensive policy as it involves education of the next generation studying between 2020-2040, the minister added.
state education minister partha chatterjee, however, wants to adopt a wait-andwatch policy.
unless the centre re-introduces the pass-fail system, bengal will not do so on its own, chatterjee said on saturday.
he also supported the move to ban homework for students in classes i and ii.
i need to speak with chief minister mamatabanerjee if the centre brings any proposal, the state education minister said.
a cbse school principal in salt lake said the proposal to reduce the weight of schoolbags could not be implemented yet.
such recommendations to do away with homework and reduce syllabus by incorporating mandatory physical excercise time will be a boon for students, she said.
doctorsbengaldoctorsdoctorsdoctorsbengaldoctorsdoctorsdoctorsbengaldoctorsbengaldoctorsdoctorsdoctorsdoctorsdoctorsdoctorsdoctorsdoctorskolkata: agitating juniorin westfriday were in no mood to relent as they demanded chief minister mamatabanerjee 's unconditional apology and set six conditions to the administration for withdrawal of their stir, which has disrupted healthcare services in the state and spiralled to other parts of the country.
over 200 seniorof various state-run hospitals across the state tendering resigned from their services to show solidarity with the agitators.
late in the evening, mamatabanerjee met the seniorand later invited the agitators for talks on saturday but they declined the offer.
we want unconditional apology of chief minister mamatabanerjee for the manner in which she had addressed us at the sskm hospital yesterday.
she should not have said what she had, a spokesperson of the joint forum of junior, dr arindam dutta, said.
as the medical fraternity from across the country began to rally behind theircolleagues, union health minister harsh vardhan urged mamatabanerjee not to make this sensitive matter a prestige issue but ensure an amicable end to the stir, which entered the fourth day friday.
governor keshari nath tripathi said he called up mamatabanerjee to discuss the issue but got no response from her.
i have tried to contact the chief minister.
i have called her up.
till this moment there is no response from her.
if she calls me, we will discuss the matter, he told reporters after visiting injured junior doctor paribaha mukhopadhyay at the hospital.
listing the six conditions, the agitators said mamatabanerjee will have to visit the injuredat the hospital and her office should release a statement condemning the attack on them.
we also want immediate intervention of the chief minister.
documentary evidence of judicial inquiry against the inactivity of the police to provide protection to theat the nil ratan sircar medical college and hospital on monday night should also be provided, dutta said.
we demand documentary evidence and details of action taken against those who had attacked us, dutta said.
the agitators also demanded unconditional withdrawal of all false cases and charges which were imposed on juniorand medical students across westin the wake of strike.
they stressed on their demand for improvement of infrastructure in all health facilities as well as posting of armed police personnel there.
a senior state health department official said over 200, including heads of departments of medical colleges and hospitals in kolkata, burdwan, darjeeling and north 24 parganas districts, sent their resignation letters to the state director of medical education.
we express fullest solidarity to the current movement of nrs medical college and hospital and other government hospitals agitating to protest the brutal attack on them while on duty, dr p kundu, director of the calcutta school of tropical medicine, said in the resignation letter.
we strongly stand by the demands of security and protection for all healthcare personnel and we have tried our best to continue life saving services in the interest of our patients till now, prof (dr) dipanjan bandyopadhyay, head of medicine department at northmedical college and hospital, wrote in the resignation letter which contained the signature of 34 other seniorunder the present circumstances, it is not possible for us to continue our services indefinitely without minimum manpower resources.
in the absence of any constructive development to end this crisis, we are pained to offer our resignation and request you to relieve us of our responsibilities, the resignation letter read.
the principal and the medical superintendent of the nrs medical college and hospital submitted their resignations on thursday night.
two juniorof the nrs medical college and hospital were seriously injured in an attack by family members of a patient who died on monday night, triggering the stir.
earlier in the day, several prominent personalities like filmmaker aparna sen , rights activist binayak sen, actor and theatre personality kaushik sen, film director kamaleshwar mukherjee and musician debojyoti mishra along with senior, visited the agitators at nrs medical college and hospital showing solidarity towards the juniorthey later participated in a rally holding placards with a message no more violence, enough is enough.
while visiting the sskm hospital on thursday, mamatabanerjee had contended that outsiders had entered medical colleges to create disturbances and the agitation was a conspiracy by the cpi(m) and the bjp.
meanwhile, the calcutta high court refused to pass any interim order on the strike.
many kin of tmc leaders also backed thestir.
among them were banerjee's nephew abesh mamatabanerjee , state urban development minister firhad hakim's daughter shabba and son of tmc mp kakoli ghosh dastidar.
in delhi, scores ofat some government and private hospitals held demonstrations by marching and raising slogans to express solidarity with their kolkata colleagues.
juniorin odisha staged dharna with bandages on their foreheads, besides staying away from duty.
around 4,500 residentin maharashtra, including some 2,800 in mumbai, went on a one-day strike.
file photo of west bengal cm mamatabanerjee banerjeetoday is #internationaltigerday.
the tiger is an endangered species.
we must save our tigers.
in #bangla, augmentat https://t.
on the occasion of international tiger day on monday, she said efforts have been initiated to monitor their population in the sundarban tiger reserve , as well as augment the number of big cats in alipurduar 's buxa tiger reserve today is #internationaltigerday.
the tiger is an endangered species.
we must save our tigers.
in #bangla, augmentation of tiger population in buxa tiger reserve has been initiated.
in sundarban tiger reserve, radio collaring and monitoring of tiger is continuing, she tweeted.
the international tiger day is observed every year since 2010, for protecting the natural habitats of tigers and raising awareness about the endangered animal.
serampore: the rishra college girl, who mustered the courage to complain against alleged molestation and assault by the general secretary of her institutions trinamool chhatra parishad tmcp )- run students union, met chief minister mamatabanerjee at her kalighat residence on friday.
the cm reportedly assured her that she would get justice.
by noon, accused sahid hasan khan , general secretary of rishra bidhan colleges tmcp union, surrendered before serampore subdivisional court.
the public prosecutor opposed the bail plea moved by shahids counsel but did not seek police custody of the accused who was remanded in judicial custody for 14 days.
the victim, a final year undergraduate student, was allegedly assaulted by shahid on december 4 last year.
she had objected to sahid submitting alleged forged bills.
this story is from november 6, 2018chief minister mamatabanerjee and urban development minister firhad hakim after the inauguration of the skywa.
.
.
read moredownload the times of india news app for latest citydakshineswar: chief minister mamatabanerjee gifted the countrys first skywalk to dakshinweswar temple on monday and named it after rani rashmoni, the temples founder and a prominent figure of the bengal rennaisance.
the cm also asked the kmda to talk to the kalighat temple committee and examine the feasibility of setting up a skywalk for pilgrims.
while speaking on the occasion, mamatabanerjee mentioned about her botched-up chicago tour during the 125th anniversary of swami vivekanandas chicago speech.
now i get to know that they wont allow anyone other than a particular hindu to pay tribute to swamiji.
the organisers were intimidated to drop the programme.
just donning saffron is not enough to be a sadhu, one has to have a sacrificing mind, the cm said with an oblique reference to some bjp leaders who wear saffron.
the cm had urban development minister firhad hakim by her side while inaugurating the skywalk.
we have set up a committee led by firhad for the development of the tarakeswar temple.
some people have sneered at me over a muslim (firhad hakim) heading the committee.
i fail to understand why they are bringing in the hindu-muslim issue over a development project.
i was happy when the dakshineswar temple authorities invited firhad to the sanctum sanctorum of the temple, the cm said.
during inauguration of the skywalk, the chief minister requisitioned 50 people on the 100-day work roster under the kamarhati municipality for its upkeep and also promised a separate police station for the dakshineswar temple.
she also announced an annual cleanliness award for the 137 hawker stalls that have been rehabilitated on the skywalk.
our government has taken up development and beautification projects for all religious shrines  tarapith, tarakeswar, furfura sharif, gangasagar, kankalitala, the cm said.
mamata then took a dig at the bjp and said: those who swear by religion all the time, havent done any such thing.
the cm came down heavily on the opposition who had moved the high court to stop the construction of the skywalk.
i will not name them.
but they all made a concerted effort to throw a spanner in the project.
they misguided the hawkers.
i want to know how they feel now, the cm said and thanked the court, which had set aside the objections.
this story is from february 5, 2019make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
new delhi: union minister arun jaitley on tuesday in a blog condemned west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee 's protest against central bureau of investigation (cbi) as a disproportionate overreaction and referred the opposition leaders supporting bengal cm a kleptocrats club which aspires to capture the reigns of india.
in the blog titled the kleptocrats club, jaitley questioned the strategy behind bengal chief ministers disgraceful and disproportionate reaction.
the west bengal chit fund fraud was unearthed in 2012-13.
its investigations were handed over to the cbi by the supreme court.
the court monitored these investigations.
the cbi has interrogated and even arrested some people.
many have been granted bail.
if a police officer is also required to be interrogated, how does it become a super emergency, assault on federalism, or destruction of institutions, he wrote.
banerjee started a dharna on sunday after cbi officials went to question kolkata chief of police rajeev kumar, who were then detained for two hours by kolkata police.
after the cbi officials were released by kolkata police, mamatabanerjee started protest outside the police chief's residence in kolkata accusing the cbi of a witch-hunt.
jaitley said that it would be a gross error to assume that mamatabanerjee invited opposition leaders to join her on the dharna because of a routine investigation involving a police officer.
she did it to defocus from other opposition aspirants for the highest office and to project herself as the nucleus of indias opposition.
her speeches attack prime minister modi but her strategy is aimed to defocus some of her other colleagues in the opposition and hogging the centre stage, the union minister wrote.
questioning if a state assault federalism, jaitely said that the cbi is being brutally prevented by physical force and detention of its officer from investigating a crime legally within its jurisdiction.
it is a textbook illustration of a state government assaulting federalism.
can a state government prevent the income-tax department from collecting taxes in a state?
can another state government prevent the nia from proceeding to arrest a terrorist located in the state?
can the enforcement directorate be prevented from investigating or arresting a smuggler or money-launderer physically located in a state?
obviously the answer is no, wrote jaitley, concluding that preventing a central investigating agency discharging a function given to it by the supreme court is a direct assault on federalism.
calling the opposition, including mamatabanerjee , the new kleptocrats club, jaitley said that most of the opposition leaders or their affiliates supporting mamatabanerjee are today being investigated, prosecuted and in some cases have also been convicted for crimes of corruption.
training the gun at congress chief rahul gandhi, the union minister said, curiously, the aicc president somersaulted his position from saradha being a scam to shoulder-to-shoulder support to the scamster.
this somersaulter belongs to the first family of the congress party where most members of the family are on bail.
finally, jaitely concluded his blog by saying that india cannot afford instability and if new india be ever run by this kleptocrats club.
it has also been argued that the choice in the next election will be either modi vs.
chaos or modi vs.
anarchy.
mamata banerjees latest acrobatics are the best evidence of the kind of governance indias opposition can provide.
but more importantly those who have lent support to the west bengal dharna are those who are battling serious allegations of economic improprieties, criminal misconduct and even corruption, he said.
jaitley,66, is currently undergoing treatment in a us hospital for an unstated illness and had missed presenting the sixth and final budget of the narendra modi government's present term as he had to fly to the us due to ill health.
this story is from february 2, 2019swami suviranandaji maharaj, general secretary of belur math, kolkata, headquarter of ramakrishna mission and .
.
.
read moredownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
belagavi: the image of swami vivekananda is so tall now that from prime minister narendra modi to west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee , no political leader in the country can escape from the shadow of the great monk, said swami suviranandaji maharaj, general secretary of belur math, kolkata, headquarter of ramakrishna mission and ramakrishna math.
political parties are fighting to claim rights of swami vivekananda, he added.
either you love or criticize it, the influence of vivekanandas preaching is all over now.
even cpm, which used to call religion an opium, is using the posters and banners of swami vivekananda and ramakrishna paramahansa in its processions in kolkata, the seer said.
swami suviranandaji was speaking after inaugurating the swami vivekananda memorial (a restored 140-year-old house where vivekananda had stayed for three days in 1892) at risaldar galli here on friday.
several seers of ramakrishna mission were present.
the seer said in kolkata, one can see cut-outs of swami vivekananda even during moharram festival.
suviranandaji said swami vivekananda is accepted as a spiritual and inspirational figure worldwide and thats why the world is celebrating the 125th anniversary of his three-minute speech at chicago.
meanwhile, he thanked former president pranab mukherjee for clearing the land dispute of the ashram inside belagavi fort, which falls under the cantonment area.
ravi gundu rao, principle conservation architect of the restoration project of the memorial, spoke about the major challenges they faced in the past three years while restoring the 140-year building.
he said that he had used the same materials and traditional techniques while restoring the indo-western style building.
we followed international standards for restoring the heritage structure, he said.
swami tadyuktanandaji of ramakrishna vidyarthi mandiram, bengaluru, narrated the history of the building.
swami raghaveshanandaji, president of ramakrishna math, ooty and swami atmaprananandaji, secretary of belagavi ashram spoke.
this story is from february 6, 2019download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
she also announced a save-india, save-constitution dharna in delhi after a meeting of opposition parties on february 13 and 14.
banerjee had started the dharna at metro channel on sunday evening  terming it an apolitical satyagraha  demanding an end to the misuse of central agencies by the narendra modi government.
that followed a visit by cbi officers to the residence of kolkata police commissioner rajeev kumar for questioning him.
the chief minister had immediately thrown her weight behind the commissioner.
on tuesday, banerjees moral victory was because the apex court had stopped the cbi from taking any coercive step against kumar.
it will strengthen the morale of the officials.
the state and central service officers should respect each other.
the central government has its jurisdictions and should not interfere in the states business.
central agencies are coming to arrest members of state agencies without any consultation with the state government.
dont you think it disturbs the law and order machinery of the state?
whatever the state government has said is absolutely correct and we welcome the order, she added.
accusing the centre of misusing cbi, she said: all political opponents are being harassed.
.
.
.
tomorrow they will say arrest mamatabanerjee because she wears hawai chappals.
the chief minister even remarked that it was good that kumar has been asked to appear for the cbi probe in shillong.
good, she said.
he works round the year.
this will give him two days of relaxation.
earlier in the day, the trinamool congress chief fished out the purported tell-all letter in 2013 from saradha boss sudipta sen, now in jail, to substantiate her political vendetta charge against the modi government.
the saradha boss, in the letter, had alleged that congress-turned-bjp minister from assam, himanta biswa sarma, had taken money from him, a charge the minister has refuted.
the letter also mentions the name of bjp junior minister babul supriyo.
banerjee referred to the letter  terming supriyo the rose of rose valley  and said that cbi had only arrested leaders of her party.
congress leader and lawyer kapil sibal also raised questions about the role of the trinamool man now in bjp, without naming mukul roy, once considered the no.
2 man in the trinamool congress.
banerjee also had prime minister narendra modi directly in her crosshairs.
i am the one raising my voice against narendra modi.
why is he after us?
his name was dragged in several cases like godhra.
should i ask what had happened to haren pandya [home minister of gujarat, murdered in 2003]?
.
.
.
only i talk about these things.
so they want to kill me.
.
.
.
they [the central government] want to control all the agencies, including the state agencies also.
pm, you resign from delhi and go back to gujarat.
the cm poured scorn on up chief minister yogi adityanath, who addressed a rally in purulia on tuesday.
he does not know from which seat he will be able to seek re-election.
isi liye bangal mein ghumta rehta hai, she said of him.
the dharna may have been termed apolitical, but it became a rallying point for all 23 opposition party leaders, who had come down to kolkata only a fortnight ago on january 19 to pledge support for a united opposition.
while rjd leader tejaswi yadav, dmk mp kanimozhi, tdp chief chandrababu nadu, samajwadi leader akhileshs emissary kiranmoy nanda came down to kolkata in solidarity with banerjees sit-in protest, a host of leaders including madhya pradesh cm kamal nath, delhi cm arvind kejriwal spoke to her over the phone during the dharna expressing unity against the one-man show.
the immediate takeaway for the opposition from the dharna is that the anti-modi chorus grew stronger, and got heard across the country.
the sit-in protest has been a huge success, said the tdp chief on tuesday.
we have got national attention through this dharna.
even the nda couldnt ignore our voice.
democracy is in danger.
this time it is even worse than the emergency.
he announced that the opposition would come together whenever there is such an affront, and appealed to the people of bengal to give all 42 lok sabha seats from bengal to banerjee.
today is international #youthday.
in #bangla, we celebrate youth day on january 12, swami vivekanandas birth anniv https://t.
co/z4wj0qpgpp  mamatabanerjee (@mamataofficial) 1565573400000our state #bangla has brought down unemployment by 45 .
the gdp growth of #bangla is highest in the country.
my sup https://t.
co/bjqmxmnrou  mamatabanerjee (@mamataofficial) 1565573460000kolkata: a day after slamming the centre for highest unemployment rate in the country in 45 years, west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on monday urged the youngsters to raise questions on growing joblessness.
banerjee assured support to the youth on the occasion of the international youth day today is international #youthday.
in #bangla, we celebrate youth day on january 12, swami vivekananda 's birth anniversary.
i appeal to the youth, the students & the new generation: be strong and ask for answers.
there is no answer to unemployment problems, she tweeted.
our state #bangla has brought down unemployment by 45 .
the gdp growth of #bangla is highest in the country.
my support is always with the youth, students and the new generation.
may you be inspired to reach new heights, she said.
as per the data, west bengal has registered a gdp growth rate of 12.
58 per cent in 2018-19 while unemployment rate was 6.
1 per cent during the period.
banerjee had written on facebook on sunday,our achievement is in sharp contrast to the state of deep recession and complete policy paralysis perpetrated by central government leading to significant decline of overall growth rate of the country and highest unemployment in 45 years.
a doctor at rg kar medical college holds up a letter with the names and signatures of colleagues who resigned .
.
.
read moretmc mps son supports protest on fbdownload the times of india news app for latest citykolkata: bengals healthcare system on friday stared at an imminent collapse, with more than 700 government-employed doctors tendering resignations en masse in an unprecedented show of solidarity with their striking colleagues.
the government appeared rudderless for most part of the day, with chief minister mamatabanerjee  who had been belligerent during her visit to sskm on thursday  maintaining a studied silence.
things started to change, however, towards the evening, with senior trinamool leaders and ministers partha chatterjee and firhad hakim issuing conciliatory statements, condemning the attacks on doctors and urging them to resume work.
the states healthcare system has been in a coma since tuesday, due to a cease-work by junior doctors demanding security at hospitals.
the trigger was an attack on doctors at nrs medical college & hospital, in which two doctors were critically injured.
both are now out of danger.
the complete shutdown of outpatients departments (opd) has left lakhs of patients in the lurch.
on friday, too, opds remained shut across government hospitals in kolkata and several in the districts.
the emergency services were on, but patients faced several problems.
because of the agitation, doctors at most hospitals were screening patients to determine whether they fell under the emergency category.
several patients, who would otherwise have been treated at opd but turned up at emergency because of the agitation, were turned away, sources said.
the unprecedented number of resignations on a single day appears to have been triggered by the chief ministers response to the crisis on thursday, when she issued an ultimatum at sskm hospital, asking striking doctors to either return to work or face action.
undaunted by the threat, junior doctors intensified the stir, with many senior doctors also joining them to express support.
the principal and vice-principal at nrs medical college and hospital resigned on thursday, as did 21 senior doctors at the college of medicine & sagore dutta hospital.
on friday, 107 doctors at rg kar medical college were the first to resign.
over the next hour or so, the resignations flew thick and fast: 100 from medical college & hospital, 175 from sskm, 16 from chittaranjan national medical college, 100 from nrs medical college & hospital and 33 from the school of tropical medicine.
there were several prominent physicians among those who tendered their resignation: dr subhankar chowdhury, hod endocrinology at sskm; dr plaban mukherjee, head of ctvs at medical college & hospital; dr dipasri bhattacharya, hod anaesthesia at r g kar; dr k m das, hod gastroenterology at nrs; and dr sudip das, hod dermatology at cnmc, among them.
there were other voices of dissent, too.
the cms nephew, abesh mamatabanerjee , a medical student at a private hospital, was seen leading a protest.
hakims daughter shabba criticised the role of trinamool in dealing with the crisis.
mp kakoli ghosh dastidars son, also a doctor, took to facebook supporting the protest.
actor-director aparna sen, actor and playwright kaushik sen and other members of the civil society met the protesters and appealed to the chief minister to intervene and defuse the situation.
they also participated in a rally in the evening.
even as the protest escalated, doctors continue to be under attack.
a second-year student of cnmc suffered a head injury when a brick was thrown from outside.
at m r bangur and vidyasagar hospitals, doctors were heckled.
there were other voices of dissent, too.
the cms nephew, abesh mamatabanerjee , a medical student at a private hospital, was seen leading a protest.
hakims daughter shabba criticised the role of trinamool in dealing with the crisis.
mp kakoli ghosh dastidars son, also a doctor, took to facebook supporting the protest.
actor-director aparna sen, actor and playwright kaushik sen and other members of the civil society met the protesters and appealed to the chief minister to intervene and defuse the situation.
they also participated in a rally in the evening.
even as the protest escalated, doctors continue to be under attack.
a second-year student of cnmc suffered a head injury when a brick was thrown from outside.
at m r bangur and vidyasagar hospitals, doctors were heckled.
cooch behar: residents of cooch behar villages bordering assam along the 84-km stretch near buxirhat have been spending sleepless nights.
people who had married off their daughters in assam years ago now fear the families will have to leave the state with a bangladeshi tag on them.
as many 69,000 bengali-speaking d-voters (doubtful voters) in assam are facing this uncertainty for months during update of the national register of citizens (nrc), fuelling tension in villages on either sides of the border  chhagulia, phelakura, agamoni and golapganj.
there was a mad scramble among domiciles in assam from bengal till months ago to find out the names of their ancestors in bengals electoral rolls so that they can establish indian citizenship before being branded as bangladeshis.
many people now residing in assam came to us to obtain a certificate stating that their forefathers were residents of cooch behar and have their names in the electoral rolls there.
we gave them certificates, said trinamool mla udayan guha.
but the certificate was not enough to rid the domiciles of the d-voter tag.
they were summoned by the local administration from time to time and in many cases the foreigners tribunal was not satisfied with the certificates.
with the second list of the ncr likely by the end of this month as mandated by the supreme court, chances are these people might enter the bordering district of bengal  cooch behar, alipurduar and jalpaiguri.
sensing trouble, west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee sent a three-member ministerial delegation to assam comprising firhad hakim, gautam deb, and rabindranath ghosh two months ago on april 11.
we met the bengali-speaking d-voters from various areas in assam.
they complained that the local administration refused to recognise the certificates in many cases.
worse, the administration has set up detention centres at three places where some of these d-voters are confined.
i had been to some of these centres.
i cant narrate their plight in public, said ghosh.
without questioning the supreme court ordained updating of the ncr, ghosh said: what strikes me is the fact that bjp got eight mps elected from assam in the lok sabha elections based on the 2014 electoral rolls.
bjp came to power in the state following the assembly polls based on the 2016 electoral rolls.
they should all resign now that they refuse to recognise the electoral rolls based on which they got elected, he said.
the mamatabanerjee government is keeping its doors open for the bengali-speaking population if assam puts a foreigner tag on them.
taking a cue from pm narendra modi , the bengal bjp, that has a substantial presence in these parts of north bengal, has decided to welcome bengali-speaking hindus only.
our state unit sent a delegation to the parliament select committee examining the citizenship amendment act.
we demanded that the centre should immediately pass an order, if not an act, to relocate the persecuted hindus in parts of bengal, said bengal bjp general secretary sayantan basu.
the likely influx of bengali-speaking population that has been continuing in this region since the bangladesh liberation war in 1971 has also brought about a significant change in cooch behars demography that had once been the land of the rajbanshis.
according to ghosh, cooch behar now has a 32  rajbanshi population.
kolkata: the cpm on thursday decided to field its student wing general secretary ritabrata mamatabanerjee against trinamool's subrata bakshi in the kolkata south lok sabha bypolls to be held on november 30.
mamata mamatabanerjee had only a day before announced bakshi's nomination from the seat which she held earlier.
the seat had fallen vacant after mamatabanerjee resigned from lok sabha after winning the bhowanipore assmebly bypolls on september 28.
thirty one-year-old ritabrata, a post graduate in english, became a party wholetimer in 2005.
he was drawn to the leftist ideology as a schoolgoer in south point school.
in an interaction with the media, ritabrata said, this is a battle of ideology.
there is nothing like weak and strong in politics.
people are supreme and they alone will decide who will win or loose.
he said he would draw people's attention to the spiralling price rise and hike in petrol products while the upa-ii's most important ally - trinamool congress - chose to remain mum.
but they indeed can influence the centre as is evident from the scrapping of the teesta water treaty and land bill, he said.
banerrjee, however, faces a tough ask.
the constituency formed after delimitation had gone to polls only once - in 2009.
mamata mamatabanerjee won the poll by 2,19,541 votes getting a whopping a 57.
2 per cent vote share.
her closet rival then was cpm's rabin deb.
kolkata: college street turned into a battleground on tuesday when police stopped activists of the maoist-backed united student democratic front (usdf) from placing a plaque at college square in memory of those killed in lalgarh, nandigram and singur.
more than 150 students marched to college square to mourn the first death anniversary of pcpa leader sidhu soren, who was gunned down by security forces in the forests of goaltore in west midnapore long with four other maoist cadres.
soren's killing was seen as a major success in the anti-maoist operations because he was an area commander as well as the chief of the pcpa armed wing, the sidhu-kanhu gana militia.
on tuesday, members of the usdf carried placards against chief minister mamatabanerjee for 'not allowing the construction of a martyr's column for those killed in singur, nandigram and lalgarh'.
they shouted slogans alleging that the mamatabanerjee government was being 'unnecessarily harsh' on the people of jangalmahal and that many innocent people were still languishing in jails despite her pre-election promise to free all political prisoners.
the police resisted the mourners and tried to persuade them to disperse.
what followed instead was a round of brick-batting and clashes on the street.
twelve people were arrested, said a police officer.
a spokesman for the usdf said that the police took 'unprovoked action' in arresting its members.
this is not the first time that pro-maoist organizations have held protest rallies against mamatabanerjee since she came to power.
this story is from january 19, 2019download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
hyderabad: chief minister k chandrasekhar rao will not attend the mega opposition rally being held by west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee in kolkata on saturday.
on friday, kcr called the tmc chief and conveyed to her that trs would not participate in the public meeting since congress would be part of it.
the telangana assembly is also in session and governor esl narasimhan will address the house on saturday.
k chandrasekhar rao has floated the idea of a federal front to bring regional parties under one umbrella as an alternative to the bjp and the congress at the centre.
his idea is that a non-congress and non-bjp force should be formed to counter the two national parties in the best interest of federalism.
since the time he announced his foray into national politics and floated the federal front idea, kcr has met leaders of various regional parties.
in fact, the first person he met was mamatabanerjee herself.
both leaders then said they would explore the possibility of working together.
mamata, however, is working towards stitching up a non-bjp coalition and has no reservations about the congress being part of the united opposition.
though mamatabanerjee had made that clear, kcr met her for the second time in december last year.
interestingly, leaders of some regional parties who kcr had met to bring them under the federal front roof will also be attending the kolkata rally.
they include karnataka chief minister h d kumaraswamy and his father and former prime minister deve gowda.
kcr had met the janata dal leaders twice.
andhra pradesh chief minister n chandrababu naidu will attend the kolkata meet as he had also shared the dais with the congress at the swearing in of kumaraswamy as karnataka chief minister.
naidu is opposed to chandrasekhar rao and has always been taking a dig at the latters federal front idea saying that it was a non-starter.
naidu had earlier sailed with the nda government at the centre but broke ties with it as ap had not been given special status after the bifurcation of andhra pradesh.
trs working president k t rama rao met chandrababu naidus rival in andhra pradesh, ysrcp leader y s jaganmohan reddy in hyderabad recently to explain to him about the federal front idea.
kcr will also meet jagan in andhra pradesh soon to hold further discussions with him.
it is learnt that jaganmohan reddy has not been extended an invitation by mamatabanerjee for the kolkata rally.
west bengals new governor jagdeep dhankar (centre) at raj bhavan, in kolkatathdownload the times of india news app for latest citykolkata: west bengals new governor jagdeep dhankar was sworn in at raj bhawan in presence of chief minister mamatabanerjee , her senior ministerial colleagues and senior bureaucrats of the state.
chief justice of calcutta high court , thottathil b radhakrishnan administered the oath of office to jagdeep dhankar as the 28governor of the state.
after the swearing in ceremony, chief minister mamatabanerjee greeted the governor with a bouquet of flowers.
senior cabinet ministers like finance minister amit mitra, urban development minister firhad hakim and other ministers.
senior bureaucrats including the chief secretary was also present.
he later met the vice-chancellors of calcutta university, presidency university, jadavpur university and visva university as the chancellor.
employees and scientists of isro gathered to watch the landing of vikram launched as part of chandrayaan -2 mi.
.
.
read morechandrayaan-2congratulations to the team at #isro for their incredible work on the chandrayaan 2 moon mission.
your passion & de https://t.
co/dhiu0hmix4  rahul gandhi (@rahulgandhi) 1567805450000proud of each and everyone on the #isro team.
setbacks are a part of the journey; without them, there is no success https://t.
co/lhhrj8uhhz  priyanka gandhi vadra (@priyankagandhi) 1567835465000surgical strikes and balakot air strikescutting across ideologies, political parties supported indian space research organisation ( isro ) after its chandrayaan-2 mission failed to meet its cent per cent expectation on early hours of september 7.
however, they were not similarly united in backing the armed forces even though the latter had claimed to have returned after killing terrorists and destroyed their launch pads in pakistan and the portion of kashmir occupied by the neighbouring country.
while the politicians of different political parties consoled isro and its chairperson k sivan , they had demanded proof from the army and the air force of the september 2016 surgical strikes in pakistan-occupied kashmir (pok) and the february 26 air strikes in balakot, pakistan.
the politicians had also accused prime minister narendra modi and the ruling bjp of politicising the surgical strikes and the air strikes.
however, they have not yet made similar charges against them so far even though similar circumstances have existed.
pm modi visited the isro control centre before the scientists were supposed to attempt to land vikram lander on the moon.
he remained there till isro chairperson k sivan announced that vikram lander had gone incommunicado.
narendra modi returned to the isro centre in the morning to address the scientists and boost their morale.
he was seen embracing and comforting a distraught sivan who had broken down.
while addressing an election rally in haryana a day later on september 8, modi talked about the chandrayaan-2 incident and said how the country exhibited isro spirit by uniting during the 100 seconds at 1.
50 am when isro had lost contact with vikram lander.
despite these, the opposition is yet to accuse the pm of politicising chandrayaan-2 as they had done for surgical and air strikes.
however, there is a slight difference between chandrayaan-2 and the military operations against pakistan.
while the former was being witnessed live, the latter two exercises did not have proofs.
this is how various prominent opposition leaders responded to different situations differently.
after vikram lander went incommunicado at 1.
50 am on september 7, congress president sonia gandhi applauded the entire team of space scientists and researchers at isro for their incredible and praiseworthy efforts on the chandrayaan-2 mission.
chandrayaan-2s journey may take us slightly longer but isros history is replete with examples of their determination in the face of seemingly hopeless odds.
they never give up.
i have no doubt that we will get there, if not today, then tomorrow; together as a nation, she said.
her son and predecessor rahul gandhi too hailed isro and sought to boost the morale of the scientists.
in a tweet, he said, congratulations to the team at isro for their incredible work on the chandrayaan-2 moon mission.
your passion and dedication is an inspiration to every indian.
your work is not in vain.
it has laid the foundation for many more path breaking and ambitious indian space missions.
sonia gandhis daughter and party general secretary priyanka gandhi vadra expressed pride for each and everyone in the isro team.
setbacks are a part of the journey.
without them, there is no success.
the whole nation stands with you and believes in you, she tweeted.
however, the reaction of west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee and samajwadi party supremo akhilesh yadav were different before and after the chandrayaan-2 setback.
on september 6, mamatabanerjee criticised the bjp for taking the credit of chandrayaan-2 moon mission.
suddenly, today he (narendra modi) has gone there (at the isro headquarters in bangalore).
.
.
now for the next four days the issue of chandrayaan will continue to dominate.
as if they (the bjp) have done everything in the country.
(as if) they have invented science .
.
.
, she said.
the same day, akhilesh yadav said they would not only see the moon that night but would also witness on the moon the result of the relentless dedication of the indian scientists who had devoted 50 years of hard work.
wishing isro the best, he hit out at the bjp ruling uttar pradesh and the centre and said, hope that along with this historic space achievement, the country will also be free from the present day violence and corruption which is a ground reality.
but the tone and tenor of both mamatabanerjee and akhilesh yadav changed after the fiasco.
mamata said, we are proud of our scientists.
the isro team worked hard for chandrayaan-2.
.
.
my sincere gratitude and congratulations to isro.
we are all with you.
may you continue to make us proud!
on his part, akhilesh said, today we made the way.
we will reach the destination also tomorrow.
this is the effort of high morale.
it will definitely be successful one day.
delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal was also forthcoming in his words of praise for isro scientists.
they have created history.
no need to lose heart.
our scientists have done a great job.
jai hind!
he said.
bahujan samaj party (bsp) president mayawati profusely hailed the isro scientists.
the chandrayaan-2 mission of stepping on the moon has enthused all indians.
.
.
also, in order to keep moving forward, it is necessary not to feel despair and grieve at all.
it is also worth noting that only warriors fall in battles whereas infants who crawl on their knees do not fall.
scientists need to be encouraged to keep working in the national interest, she said.
however, the response of the same leaders was not the same after the surgical strikes and the balakot air strikes.
rahul gandhi, who was congress vice-president then, had hailed pm narendra modi in his first reaction to the surgical strikes of september 29, 2016.
he said modi had done his first good work as pm.
however, within a week he changed his stance and accused modi of indulging in khoon ki dalali (trading in the blood of soldiers).
rahul gandhi, as the then congress president, was equally critical of narendra modi after the balakot air strikes.
sarcastically, he said, the prime minister says he did it.
you (pm modi) did it?
could you please show (us) how to hold a rifle?
hold a rifle, the way our crpf men do, for just five minutes or travel in a bus alone in jammu and kashmir.
show us.
you did the air strikes?
what did you do?
the air force carried out the bombing it is narendra modi who did it (the air strike).
he did it sitting on race course road (now lok kalyan marg, where the prime ministers official residence is located).
the congress also started competing with the modi government and said its government had also conducted several surgical strikes but did not make them public.
the party lashed out at the bjp for politicising the military exercises.
delhi cm arvind kejriwal made ambiguous comments after the surgical strikes.
he released a video in which he first congratulated modi.
but towards the end, he said pakistan was indulging in false propaganda and asked the pm to counter the neighbouring country.
his comments were seen as demanding proofs of the surgical strikes and pakistan used his remarks to mock modi.
after the balakot air strikes, arvind kejriwal hit out at the then bjp president amit shah for claiming that 250 terrorists were killed in the military exercise while the armed forces did not comment on the number of terrorists killed in the operation.
kejriwal accused shah of lying as his statement was contradictory to that of the armed forces.
much like rahul gandhi, mayawati initially praised both the surgical strikes and air strikes.
however, she made a volte face within a few days.
while she called the surgical strikes as drama, she demanded modi to specify the number of terrorists killed in balakot air strikes.
the samajwadi partys response to the surgical strikes and the air strikes were different.
it tried to take a portion of credit for the surgical strikes claiming that the prime minister had acted on the advice of netaji (lok sabha mp mulayam singh yadav).
however, akhilesh yadav criticised modi and alleged that he was seeking votes in the name of the balakot operation.
though the opposition leaders have not accused prime minister narendra modi of politicising the chandrayaan-2 moon mission, it may be too early to predict their next move.
after all, they had changed their position on surgical strikes and air strikes about a week later.
kolkata: the meet to decide whether bengal should introduce detention policy from class i or class v has resulted in a tie and generated a mixed opinion.
but the meeting, which had party leaders from congress , cpm, suci as well as educationists like pabitra sarkar and nrisingha prasad bhaduri, proved one thing  a consensus to re-introduce detention policy in bengals education system.
while abdul mannan of congress pressed for introducing detention from class i onwards, sujan chakraborty representing the cpm felt, it is always better to detain a child from class v and not in primary classes.
suci, however, favoured bringing back detention from class i, saying it is essential for imparting education to a child.
nrisingha prasad bhaduri was vocal to bring back the pass-fail policy in class i and pabitra sarkar, who was present in fridays meeting raised his support for detention from class v onwards.
according to sources, fridays meeting was just a step towards bringing back the detention policy in bengal from 2018 onwards.
chief minister mamatabanerjee will take the final call and the decision of bengal government will have to be ratified by the state cabinet, said the source.
after leaving the meet, abdul mannan appreciated the governments decision to hold an all-party meeting along with other stake holders and implementing agencies like the west bengal board of primary education, west bengal board of secondary education and the west bengal higher secondary council i have suggested a continuous and comprehensive evaluation (cce) pattern where students should be evaluated throughout the year instead of a half-yearly or an annual exam.
the average of all tests should prove if a child is eligible to get promoted.
however, the detention system should be back from class i, as it is important to know if the student is learning in school, mannan said.
cpm leader sujan chakraborty, however, favoured the detention system from class v.in its feedback sent to the hrd ministry, which was sought during the tenure of smriti irani as hrd minister, the bengal government had informed the centre about its intent to bring back detention and proposed the introduction of a retest for the unsuccessful students.
the introduction of the no-detention system has resulted in lowering the standard of basic education, said a source in the school education department.
during fridays meeting, sarkar pointed that detention should be brought back from class v, else the number of school dropouts are set to increase.
this would mean a complete failure of the sarva shiksha abhiyan scheme.
the proposal by mhrd suggests bringing back detention in classes v and viii.
cbse and cisce are likely to implement the same policy alongside many other states government boards.
in bengal, however, the trinamool-run government is likely to design a policy of its own, keeping detention in the framework.
kolkata: soil testing and survey of the infosys plot at rajarhat action area iii is going to start on monday, two months after the it giant formally took posession of the 50-acre plot.
infosys is building its first office premises in the state here.
sources from the housing infrastructure development corporation (hidco) said infosys representatives have already arrived in the city.
they would visit the plot and would do soil testing and overall survey of their land for the next few days, said a hidco official.
infosys representatiuves would be accompanied by hidco officials on the field.
infosys had got the land registered on march 14 following which they formally took posession of the plot.
infosys paid the full amount of rs 75 crore to hidco for the land that was sold for rs 1.
5 crore per acre during the left front governments tenure.
according to hidco officials, a boundary wall will be set up for the infotech giant to construct its building after the soil test.
sources said construction of the office premises is likely to start on july.
according to sources, infosys is likely to invest about rs 100 crore in three years.
hidco has also earmarked around 100 acres at new town following chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjees announcement to develop the states own silicon valley.
the authorities have identified a huge plot at action area ii near eco park for the first phase of developing the it hub.
it would accommodate firms working on blockchain, robotics and fintech.
a boundary wall would be set up to demarcate the land.
a new ecosystem to accommodate and assist the growth of the emerging technologies like blockchain and fintech is the need of the hour.
that is why a modern it hub on the lines of silicon valley has been planned in new town, said a senior government official.
hidco authorities have also called blockchain experts to create a pilot scheme of land records in sector v and new town.
kolkata: the churches in kolkata preached the message of forgiveness, inclusiveness and love for the neglected and the downtrodden.
thousands attended the midnight mass and special prayer services in the morning at churches like st andrews on brabourne road, st johns on council house street, st pauls cathedral in maidan and duff church in manicktala .
the chapels reverberated with the harmony of the hymns, recitals from the bible and prayers for forgiveness.
jesus came for everybody  he does not belong to any particular community or sect.
his message of peace, love and forgiveness is for every living being.
he gave the message of religious harmony, which is very relevant even today, said father pradeep kumar nanda of st johns church.
father swarup bar of st andrews church spoke of a concept called alternativity.
he said it was the responsibility of the empowered to protect the minorities.
under this concept, we tell people to think about christmas from the perspective of the poor, neglected and the downtrodden.
they are a minority and all of us have a responsibility to uplift and keep these minorities safe.
i also told the devotees to resist from the temptation of overspending.
i requested everybody to spare a thought about nature and ecology  we have equal responsibility towards nature, father bar said.
on friday, while inaugurating the kolkata christmas festival on park street, chief minister mamatabanerjee had spoken about the freedom of every community to observe their traditions, worship their god and celebrate their festivals.
her comments came in the backdrop of caution to some schools and groups in other parts of the country from celebrating christmas and singing carols.
but in kolkata, millions celebrated the festival irrespective of their faith and community.
the clergymen at several churches told devotees that christs teachings of peace, love and forgiveness were most relevant in the current times.
christmas is not only for christians.
it is for everybody.
this is the reason we say joy to the world and not only to a particular community.
the message of christmas is about peace, joy and inclusivity.
it is about understanding that simple living is high thinking, said reverend biswajit biswas of duff church.
the special service on christmas in the churches is a big draw for both christians and those from other communities.
at st pauls cathedral, people had started queueing up since sunday evening to attend the midnight mass.
the chief minister also attended the midnight mass there.
on monday, thousands visited the church to see the manger and the nativity crib.
reverend samuel raj of st saviours church in haji mohammad mohsin square urged people to follow the path of christ.
we told people to walk in the light of the teachings of the lord.
the adherence to the teachings should be throughout the year and not only during christmas.
the neglected and downtrodden need our attention more than ever, he said.
kolkata: west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on wednesday took oath as member of the state legislative assembly to officially enter the house nearly two months after winning a by-poll.
speaker biman mamatabanerjee administered the oath of office and secrecy to mamatabanerjee at the nausher ali hall where deputy speaker sonali guha, besides some cabinet ministers, leader of opposition suryakanta mishra, some left front members and union minister of state for urban development saugata roy were present.
along with mamatabanerjee , trinamool congress' a t m abdullah, who was elected to the house from basirhat (north) constituency, also took oath as member of the assembly.
mishra congratulated mamatabanerjee after her swearing-in and presented her a bouquet which she reciprocated.
the chief minister was also congratulated by front members including anisur rehman and probodh sinha who presented bouquets.
it was mamatabanerjee banerjee's official entry into the house after she humbled cpi(m)'s nandini mukherjee by over 54,000 votes in the by-election from bhowanipore constituency on september 28.
the seat fell vacant after subrata bakshi, transport minister, resigned to pave the way for mamatabanerjee to contest the election.
banerjee also nominated bakshi to contest from kolkata south lok sabha constituency after her resignation from the seat with her election from bhowanipore assembly seat.
kolkata: a riverside promenade, floating restaurants, a museum, punctuating green foliage, food courts, a grand stage for cultural activity, parking lots et al - the city of joy's 500-year-old twin is getting some attention at last.
as part of chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjee's dream project, the riverside beautification, the howrah side will now undergo its first makeover in decades.
the overcrowded industrial city, which has the hooghly meandering around for quite a stretch, has always been in the news for all the wrong reasons - pollution, hideousness and generally unplanned urbanization.
it was mamatabanerjee who had thought of beautifying the banks along howrah for the simple reason that the other part of the river - beside kolkata - was being given an uplift in a big way.
as part of the chief minister's ambitious plans to make kolkata get a makeover like london, the hooghly, too, is set for a conversion to make it appear a little like the thames.
urban development minister firhad hakim, who laid the foundation stone for the project on thursday, said: we have chosen a 2.
1-km stretch along the banks of howrah in the first phase.
for now, rs 7 crore has been sanctioned for the beautification between ramkrishnapur ghat and saltgola.
among those present at the event was environment minister sudharshan ghosh dastidar and vivek bharadwaj, ceo, kolkata metropolitan development authority (kmda).
the environment minister said: howrah has endured visual and environmental pollution for many, many years.
projects have been conceived off and on, but i guess everyone thought it was impossible to implement them.
so people just ignored howrah.
we have taken up the most challenging part first - implementation of the beautification project.
the city's environmental change is the next challenge we intend to take up.
though howrah's beautification was part of the same project that was launched by the trinamool-run kolkata municipal corporation (kmc) a year ago, the actual work is taking place now.
the original plan was to beautify the 16-km stretch between botanic gardens and bally bridge.
at the behest of the chief minister, the masterplan is being prepared by the bengal urban infrastructure development limited (buid).
as the plan is prepared, howrah municipal corporation (hmc) will start planting trees along the banks.
of the 2.
1 km earmarked for the first phase, 700 metres belong to kmda.
the rest is railway land.
the urban development minister said: we shall get railway's permission soon to develop the land.
ghosh dastidar said: that won't be a problem because the railways are also with us.
the chief minister is determined to make howrah look beautiful.
so, there is no reason to think that only 2 km on the howrah side will be developed.
if 11 km of the kolkata riverside is going through a makeover, so will 16 km of the howrah riverfront.
we are trying to synchronize the development as much as we can.
you can't have one side of the river looking fabulous and the other repulsive as ever.
the deadline for making over the stretch between ramkrishnapur ghat and saltgola is march 31, after which work for the second phase will begin.
new delhi: anna hazare's fast ended with a whimper on wednesday, but the government's lokpal worries are far from over.
after several bouts of anxiety and hectic backroom negotiations, it is hoping to secure the passage of the lokpal bill in the rajya sabha today.
but several things will first have to go to plan.
the bsp, sp and rjd will have to walk out  as they did from the lok sabha on tuesday.
and the upa will have to keep its flock together.
it will be hoping there are no nasty surprises from the trinamool congress.
although prime minister manmohan singh expressed hope that the rajya sabha would clear the bill on thursday, congress managers were keeping their fingers crossed as crucial negotiations with sp, bsp and trinamool continued till late evening.
the government had to put off its plan to start the debate on the bill in the rs on wednesday after trinamool threatened to oppose it as long as it contained a provision that allows the centre to set up lokayuktas in states.
trinamool had protested against the clause in the lok sabha on tuesday but relented after the government amended the legislation that the application of the lokayukta clause would be contingent upon prior consentof states.
the ally, which has been causing some anxiety to the government, revived its opposition on wednesday after party boss and west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee said the amendment did not address her concern.
with the trinamool side making it clear that they would move an amendment, the government hastily deferred its plan to start the debate in the rajya sabha.
trinamool mp derek o'brien went ahead and submitted the amendment seeking the deletion of the lokayukta clause at 3.
30pm, forcing finance minister pranab mukherjee to go into a huddle with trinamool's leaders in the two houses, mukul roy and sudeep bandhopadhyaya.
this story is from february 2, 2019opposition parties labelled the budget as modi government's final jumla.
(ap)make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
new delhi: most opposition parties on friday questioned the proposals in the interim budget, presented just months before the general elections, calling it the final jumla of the narendra modi government.
calling it the budget an exercise in rhetoric, the left parties accused the government of making false promises.
it has sought to use what is an interim budget to make promises that are not for it to make, the cpm said in a statement.
the exercise was testimony to bjps fear and desperation about what the verdict of the people might be, it said.
the modi government has now become famous for suppressing and manipulating data and offering jumlas to people, it said.
who will implement this (interim budget)?
will the new government implement this budget?
bsp chief mayawati called the budget jumlebazi that did not address the ground reality.
she claimed economic disparities had grown during the last five years with only a handful of capitalists benefiting, instead of farmers and the poor.
jumlebazi cannot change the destiny of the country and end long-standing problems like poverty, unemployment and inflation, she said.
samajwadi party chief akhilesh yadav tweeted: five years of inaction and now vision 2030?
the bjp should learn from magicians.
magicians are the most honest people in the world; they tell you they will fool you, and then they do it.
the voodoo economics of this budget can never work because it targets votes rather than growth.
terming the union budget the final jumla of the modi government, aap chief delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal tweeted:  .
.
.
.
its interim budget too completely disappoints delhi.
our share in central taxes remains frozen at rs 325 crore & nothing earmarked for local bodies.
delhi continues to be on its own financially (sic).
patna: bjp mp shatrughan sinha, known as a bitter critic of narendra modi-led nda government, lavished praise on the prime minister on wednesday.
proud moment for india and more so for bihar.
india's first high-speed electric locomotive, made in madhepura electric locomotive factory in collaboration with french firm alstom, was flagged off by the pm.
a double treat for bihar as a new bi-weekly humsafar express will ply between kaithar and new delhi.
proud moment for our friend and bihar cm nitish kumar, the honourable pm and everyone who made this initiative possible, the former union minister tweeted on wednesday, a day after a function at motihari where modi flagged off the locomotive and the train.
political observers attributed sinhas change of heart to the fact that his name found a mention on the invite for the motihari function as a distinguished guest.
sinha had earlier gone on record to express displeasure over not being invited to patna universitys centenary celebrations on october 14 last year, which was presided over by pm modi, one political observer pointed out and added he had also sulked at not being invited to the three-day bihar diwas celebrations organised by the state government in march this year.
sinhas tweets earlier on wednesday talked about the agreements between pm modi and his nepal counterpart on april 7 on a number of projects, including a crucial cross-border rail link between kathmandu and raxaul in bihar.
we welcome and encourage cordial and friendly relations with all neighbouring countries, especially nepal and laud the bold initiatives of our pm.
last week, it was a pleasure for india to host the nepalese pm.
the visit was a great success and led to many fruitful agreements, read the tweet.
the patna saheb mp had scaled up rebellion against his party over the past few weeks during which he met incarcerated rjd chief lalu prasad at aiims in delhi on march 24 and his wife rabri devi and sons tej pratap yadav and tejashwi prasad yadav at their patna residence the next day.
sinha also left his party red-faced as he met west bengal cm and trinamool congress chief mamatabanerjee in delhi on march 28 and appreciated her efforts to bring together regional forces against the modi government ahead of the coming assembly and parliamentary elections.
lucknow: having fought the recent lok sabha byelections in up along with bahujan samaj party (bsp), samajwadi party national president akhilesh yadavhas said that he was open to the idea of a broader alliance at the national level, an idea mooted by west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee and others.
the former up chief minister said he was also ready to accommodate bsp on issues like seat sharing ahead of the 2019 polls in order to keep the new found bonhomie between the two parties going.
i am prepared to take two steps back in order to keep the alliance with bsp intact, he said in an interview with ndtv on saturday.
akhilesh said he initiated the idea of approaching the bsp for a tie-up in order to put up a formidable opposition to the bjp in up.
our party leaders discussed the issue with their bsp counterparts and then we approached party workers at the grassroots to find out if they were ready, he said, adding that the results of the gorakhpur and phulpur lok sabha bypolls were more than sufficient to explain what happened next.
the sp chief was all praise for bsp chief mayawati for accepting the new sp to mark a beginning in the two parties coming together.
mayawati has been large hearted and accepted the new sp that is led by me, said akhilesh.
he, however, also claimed that he has the blessings of his father for the alliance.
after the gorakhpur and phulpur bypolls, he appreciated the fact that i had reached out to the bsp and was very happy about it.
i have his blessings for this association (with the bsp), he said.
on the issue of a pan-india anti-bjp alliance, the sp chief confirmed that he has had discussions with mamatabanerjee and he will be a part of that coalition if it comes into being after the general elections.
of course we will be a part of it.
we will have a good number of seats and there is no reason why we will not be a part of any such coalition , he said.
b'determined to claim the position of the main opposition party in bengal, bjp appears to be deploying tactics from the old bengal political playbook.
bjp workers recently clashed with the police in different parts of kolkata during their march to the police headquarters to demand the arrest of corrupt trinamool congress leaders.
such political violence isnt unfamiliar to bengal.
in fact, just days before the bjp agitation similar violent scenes were witnessed during a left-sponsored rally.
bjps newfound assertiveness is a clear indication that the party is sensing an opportunity in bengal.
with the left struggling to regain political relevance and congress appearing listless, bjp is positioning itself as the only party capable of taking on chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjee.
what has given bjp an opening is mamatas apparent muslim appeasement politics.
whether its the earlier sanctioning of stipends for imams in the state or the malda violence in january last year where a mob had set a police station on fire  it was later revealed that a group of local criminal poppy cultivators was behind the incident  a perception has formed that the trinamool administration is partial towards the minority community.
this in turn has created a sense of hindu backlash which bjp is trying to exploit.
add to this factors such as the trinamool governments failure to create jobs and revive industry in the state, plus the vacuum created by the failure of leftist ideology, and there is growing disenchantment even among those who had voted for mamatabanerjee to end three decades of left front rule in bengal.
plus, with several trinamool leaders being implicated in the saradha and rose valley chit fund scams, the party is finding it difficult to erase the corruption taint.
bjp, therefore, is looking to capitalise on the growing anti-trinamool sentiment.
but to make real headway, it will need charismatic bengali-speaking leaders.
image used for representational purposekolkata: two months after the west bengal wasteland development corporation limited (wbwdcl) planted several saplings of trees under a kmda project to beautify a stretch on em bypass , at least 53 of them were found to have been cut be off.
the development comes at a time when the state government, led by chief minister mamatabanerjee , has begun a campaign to go green.
the incident came to light on friday on the kalikapur-mukundapur stretch of the bypass.
the wbwdcl (eden garden range) has now lodged a police complaint in this regard with the survey park police.
the complaint was registered on the basis of a letter by tapas deb, ex officio unit in-charge of wbwdcl and eden garden range officer.
we believe that on the night of august 8, some miscreants destroyed over 53 saplings.
twelve of them were jarul, 11 were plumeria, 15 were tabebuia rosea, four were mohua, 11 were dwarf krishnachura and one creeper.
these were planted along the em bypass near kalikapur.
we have lodged a complaint under section 1 of the wb trees (protection and conservation in non-forest areas) act, 2006.
the police are investigating the case from all angles.
we have questioned two persons.
advertising agencies could be involved in this.
they might fear that their advertisements would not be visible any more.
it could also be the handiwork of local drug addicts who hardly understand the importance of any plantation, an investigating officer said.
in 2017, a similar complaint concerning the kamalgazi stretch of the bypass was lodged at the sonarpur police station.
that time, too, some advertising agencies were blamed.
both kmda and kmc  who were apprised by the police  have said they were taking this case seriously.
earlier, environment activist subhas datta had said that the city has less than 1  open space and that, too, was shrinking.
this story is from february 5, 2019make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
kolkata: a day into cbis bitter showdown with the city police, kolkata police served a notice on the agencys seniormost officer in eastern zone, pankaj srivastava, asking the joint director, cbi, to appear for questioning in a five-month-old rs 45 lakh cheating case involving a kolkata businessman.
the notice came hours after cbi dragged kolkata police to supreme court for filing an interim application seeking court direct the police to cooperate with the agencys investigation into the saradha chit fund cases.
sources said a three-member bhowanipore police team showed up at the 16th floor nizam palace office of cbi joint-director srivastava monday afternoon and served him the summons under crpc section 160.
this was minutes before srivastava left for delhi to appraise seniors about the situation in kolkata.
the senior cbi officer acknowledged receiving the notice.
ive received the notice and am exploring legal steps, he said.
srivastava, a 1992-batch ips officer of madhya pradesh cadre, has been asked to appear as witness in the case registered at the bhowanipore police station.
sources said the case relates to an fir filed on august 18, 2018 by a city-based businessman at ajc bose road in bhowanipore, alleging some men posing as cbi officers had forcefully confined him.
when his complaint had little effect, he moved the alipore court which directed the police to lodge an fir under ipc sections 341, 342 and 34.
the fir was finally lodged on january 21 this year against a cbi sub-inspector and others.
the same sub-inspector finds mention in another case in which a bihar fodder scam accused-turned-approver had escaped from cbi custody.
according to the august 18 fir lodged by this cbi sub-inspector, the accused vanished tricking him into believing that he was unwell and fled from howrahs grand foreshore road.
the state police investigating the case had questioned the sub-inspector on discrepancies in his statement.
meanwhile at lalbazar on monday, it was meetings through the day as senior police officers in various meetings discussed legal options including whether the cbi officers who fetched up at the commissioners home had committed a criminal offence.
cp rajeev kumar visited chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjees satyagraha spot at least thrice during the day to oversee preparations for the medal ceremony and yet again to attend the ceremony.
his loudon street residence, the epicentre of all action on sunday, wore a desolate look with the top boss away.
near-normalcy had also returned to the shakespeare sarani police station, where the cbi officers had been rounded up on sunday.
the dc (south) office stones throw from the commissioners office on park street  was choc-a-bloc with police vehicles.
police said documenting sundays incident was underway and all written communication made to the agency were being legally vetted.
several aspects to our response and we do not want to take a step wrong before we file our responses, said a source.
infourthphaseineightwestbengalineightseatsineightintoeightseatstowestbengal cinininininineightinininmake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
kolkata: preparations areplace for theof pollinglok sabha constituencies on monday, which will decide the fate of 68 candidatesthe fray.
all the-- baharampur, krishnagar, ranaghat (sc), burdwan east (sc), burdwan-durgapur, asansol, bolpur (sc) and birbhum -- will see a four-cornered contest between the trinamool congress, the bjp, the congress and the left front.
an electorate of 1,34,56,491 will decide the fate of 68 candidatestheseconstituencies, the election commission said.
the commission will deploy a total of 580 companies of central forces, which will cover all the polling boothsthe lok sabha constituenciesensure free and fair polling, election officials said.
the campaign for theparliamentary-- that camean end on saturday evening -- saw roadshows and poll meetings by prime minister narendra modi, bjp chief amit shah,hief minister mamatabanerjee and uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath tmc has fielded apurba sarkar (david) against the congress mp, adhir ranjan chowdhurythe baharampur seat.
the left front constituent rsp has nominated id mohammad, while the bjp has named krishna joyardar.
krishnagar, the tmc has fielded mahua moitra against bjp's kalyan chaubey, a footballer.
the congress has nominated intaj ali shah and the cpm shantanu jha.
ranaghat (sc) will see tmc's rupali biswas locking horns with bjp's jagannath sarkar.
congress has nominated minati biswas and the cpm rama biswas.
the burdwan east (sc) seat, tmc's sunil kumar mondal will contest against paresh chandra das of the bjp.
the congress has fielded siddhartha majumdar and the cpmiswar chandra das.
mamtaz sanghamita is the tmc candidate from the burdwan-durgapur seat against bjp's s s ahluwalia.
the congress has nominated ranajit mukherjee and the cpm named abhas ray chaudhuri.
asansol, union minister and bjp sitting mp babul supriyo will contest against tmc's celebrity candidate moon moon sen.
the cpi(m) has nominated gouranga chatterjee and the congress biswarup mondal for the seat.
the bolpur (sc) seat, tmc's asit kumar mal will contest against ramprasad das of the bjp.
the cpm has fielded ramchandra dome and the congress, abhijit saha.
celebrity candidate satabdi roy is the tmc name from the birbhum seat against bjp's dudh kumar mondal.
the congress has nominated imam hossain and the cpm named rezaul karim for the seat.
the polling personnel have already left for the 15,277 boothstheparliamentary constituencies.
besides general election observers and expenditure observers, the poll panel has for the first time deployed a special police observer and a special observerthe state.
another first, vvpat will be usedall the polling booths along with the evms, ec sources said.
kolkata metrosome uncertainty around project now, kmrc works on new deadlinekolkata: the east-west metros first construction-related challenge  after the subterranean accident on saturday  threatens to push back the project, but by six months in the worst-case scenario.
on monday, the deadline for commissioning the line from salt lake to howrah was internally revised to end-2021 or early 2022 after officials assessed the problem and consulted engineers on how long it would take to resolve the situation, both over and under the ground.
on saturday, tunnel-boring machine chundee, working 14 metres under bowbazar, hit an aquifer, damaging 18 buildings, of which four were seriously damaged.
as many as 375 residents had to be evacuated.
under the surface, water started gushing into the machine, and then into the tunnel itself.
kolkata metro rail corporation ( kmrc )  the implementing agency of the rs 8,575 crore project that promises to transform commuting in kolkata  now faces a problem: how to plug the breach, especially as initial grouting attempts were washed away by the aquifer water.
all through monday, engineers struggled to arrest the water flow by plugging the boring machine.
finally, they built a barricade between it and the tunnel.
engineers expect to complete sealing the mouth of the giant borer by wednesday, stopping the flow of water from the aquifer into the tunnel.
but this will also render the 75m-long machine useless.
chundee will have to be replaced by another machine to complete the remaining 600m to sealdah station.
sealing the boring machines mouth will seal chundees fate, said an engineer.
it will have to be extracted from the tunnel and a fresh borer has to be lowered into it to resume tunnelling after the breach is sealed.
he added that it would be a while before west-bound tunnelling is resumed.
the accident site, just over 0.
5km from the point of completion, has left project officials devastated.
of the 10km underground tunnelling in the 16.
5km salt lake-howrah link, 9.
4km of tunnelling has been completed.
the overhead section that was earlier completed is ready for operations.
though the project has, so far, encountered several hurdles that caused delays, those were primarily over land availability.
this is the first time a construction-related challenge has affected progress.
the incident could propel the project into another legal tangle, with a pil on metro tunnelling to be heard at calcutta high court on tuesday.
the pil, filed by paribesh academic for environment awareness last month, challenging the metro railways (construction of works) act, 1978, was originally listed as matter no.
558 at chief justice t b n radhakrishnans court on monday but the hearing was advanced to tuesday after advocate riju ghoshal, the counsel for the petitioner, said the apprehensions expressed in the pil had proved correct.
kmrc chief engineer biswanath deewanji acknowledged there were some uncertainties around the project.
we are trying to make up for the delay that the disaster has caused.
we are working on a new deadline.
at the moment, though, we are only trying to lock the water flow so that there is no further subsidence, he said.
nothing is more precious than life, she said, adding she had convened a meeting of stakeholders at the state secretariat on tuesday to review the status of the metro project.
when chundees twin urvi, passes under durga pithuri lane, kmrc would have its work cut out to convince people that their homes are safe.
on this day in 1946, the interim government of undivided india was formed, which functioned till august 1947.
i am https://t.
i am saddened to see that many of the values our founding fathers stood for are being undermined, mamatabanerjee tweeted.
the interim government of india, also known as the provisional government, was formed on this day in 1946 and lasted till the country got independence on august 15, 1947.
west bengal governor keshari nath tripathikolkata: west bengal governor keshari nath tripathi on friday said he called up chief minister mamatabanerjee to discuss the issue of junior doctors' strike but got no response from her.
tripathi paid a visit to injured junior doctor paribaha mukhopadhyay at the hospital where he is undergoing treatment.
i have tried to contact the chief minister.
i have called her up.
till this moment there is no response from her.
if she calls me, we will discuss the matter, he told reporters after visiting mukhopadhyay at the hospital.
mukhopadhyay is one of the two junior doctors attacked by relatives of a patient, who died at the nrs medical college and hospital here on monday night, triggering the ongoing agitation by medicos across the state.
tripathi had met representatives of the doctors on thursday.
new delhi: tmc mps on monday held a sit-in in front of mahatma gandhi 's statue on the parliament's premises, demanding election be held by ballot paper instead of electronic voting machines ( evms ).
the party, which has been crying foul over the use of evms in the recently-concluded lok sabha polls, on monday said their agenda for the protest was - no to evms, yes to paper ballots.
tmc chief and west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee had earlier raised questions over the electronic voting machines (evms) used in the polls and urged opposition parties to unitedly demand the return of ballot papers.
the trinamool congress (tmc) supremo said a fact-finding committee should be constituted to find out the details about the evms used in the recent polls.
new delhi: prime minister narendra modi on wednesday met leaders of various political parties having representation in parliament to explore possibilities of holding lok sabha and assembly elections together amid no show by various opposition parties.
pm modi had invited the heads of all political parties which have at least one member either in the lok sabha or the rajya sabha for the meeting to discuss several issues, including the one nation, one election idea, celebration of 75 years of independence in 2022 and the 150th birth anniversary of mahatma gandhi this year.
ncp leader sharad pawar, cpm's sitaram yechury, cpi's d raja, bihar chief minister and jd (u) leader nitish kumar, sad leader sukhbir singh badal, odisha chief minister and bjd leader naveen patnaik and national people's party leader conard sangma were among those who attended the meeting at the parliament house library building.
pdp leader mehbooba mufti and national conference patriarch farooq abdullah also attended the meet.
among the notable absentees were congress president rahul gandhi, west bengal chief minister and tmc leader mamatabanerjee , bsp supremo mayawati, sp president akhilesh yadav , dmk's m k stalin, tdp chief k chandrashekhar rao, shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray and delhi chief minister and aam admi party convenor arvind kejriwal.
mayawati tweeted on tuesday morning saying she would have attended the all-party meeting if it was on electronic voting machines (evms).
sources said that the opposition parties are wary of the meeting convened by the prime minister as they feel this might be a trap set by the bjp and needs proper discussion before going ahead.
last august, the law commission had recommended holding simultaneous elections to the lok sabha and state assemblies to save public money.
the draft, submitted to the law ministry, however, cautioned that holding simultaneous elections is not possible within the existing framework of the constitution.
the centre has been toying with the idea for quite some time now.
the prime minister called for widespread debate and consultations on simultaneous elections for lok sabha and vidhan sabhas, keeping in view various aspects such as the resulting financial savings and consequent better utilisation of resources, an official release said last week after modi addressed a niti aayog meeting here.
the government think-tank, niti aayog, had last year suggested synchronised two-phase lok sabha and assembly polls from 2024 to ensure minimum campaign-mode disruption to governance.
sabang: trinamool congress on sunday comfortably scripted its first success in the sabang assembly seat, but its the bjps vote surge  from 2.
6  to 18  within 20 months  which sprang the only surprise, prompting a tweet from pm narendra modi himself.
congresss performance in its former citadel in west midnapore was so poor that the candidate even lost his dep-osit money.
with seven-time sabang mla manas bhunia defecting to trinamool, his wife gita bettered his 2016 assembly win margin by 15,029 votes, as the party got a 51.
2  vote-share, higher than the 36.
6  it had got over a year-and-a-half ago.
as the results kept pouring in, a trinamool victory appeared certain, with the party bolting ahead of its nearest rival, cpm, in the third round itself by a lead of 6,778 votes.
this lead nearly doubled by the next round.
by the 16th  and final  round of counting, the lead stretched to 64,196.
my wife has got more votes than me, said manas, whose win margin in 2016 was 49,167 votes.
he attributed this win to his party chief.
chief minister mamatabanerjee had nominated my wife as the candidate.
people have reposed their faith in the chief minister and her leadership, he said.
the final poll tally packed enough surprises.
bjp, which came third in the overall tally with 37,484 votes, actually led in 21 booths and came a second in 110 others.
the party, which had only won 5,610 votes in the 2016 assembly polls and even less (2,507) in 2011, has little organizational base in this zone.
the more-than 15  vote-share spike, prima facie, is being attributed to a rapidly bleeding cpm and congress.
in 2016, when they had joined flanks and fielded bhunia as their candidate, they had polled 1,27,987 votes.
the poll tally on sunday afternoon indicated it had slipped below the half-way mark, at 59,960.
in the final tally, cpm had got 41,897 votes and congress, 18,063.
cpm party secretary surjya kanta mishra , however, harped on the fact that cpm emerging second clearly indicated it was the only viable opposition to the ruling trinamool.
while mishra wouldnt speak more on it to reporters in jalpaiguri, cpms candidate rita mondal jana clearly said the party had been hit by a covert trinamool-bjp campaign.
bjp candidate antara bhattacharya, however, didnt want to only credit mukul roy for the partys success.
it is true that roy had been a huge factor in lifting the party workers morale here.
he held three meetings here.
but (bengal bjp president) dilip ghosh too had worked hard, leading rallies himself, she said.
another recurrent theme which dogged the sabang bypolls  infighting among the trinamool ranks  didnt leave any clear-cut answers.
amulya maiti, manass bte noire in sabang, didnt stay back in the counting hall to hear the final results, excusing himself saying he was feeling unwell.
curiously, the 134 polling both (saramoyi high school) where he himself voted, gave congress the lead.
in the 787 votes cast in this booth, congress won 258 and trinamool 220.
however, party leaders clearly pointed out east midnapore strongman subhendu adhikaris four public rallies and a padyatra helped overcome the grouse of others to vote for a person they had opposed bitterly for over one-and-a-half decades.
kolkata: not just life, even a government career could begin at 40 if you happen to stay in bengal and still have the drive.
the mamatabanerjee government on friday raised the maximum eligibility age for group c and d jobs by three years, a decision the chief minister termed revolutionary and hoped would benefit many deprived of a livelihood by party politics .
the new eligibility age for the general category will now be 40 years instead of 37.
for obcs and the physically handicapped, it will be 43 years (40 earlier) while for sc/st candidates , the bar has been raised to 45 years (42 earlier).
the left front government had increased the age limit from 32 to 37, but that term ends on december 31, 2011.
we have decided not only to extend that, but to increase it to 40 years.
i think the decision we have taken today is revolutionary.
the cm said over 2.
75 lakh government jobs were being created and, along with the private sector, the state would be able to provide jobs to nearly five lakh people.
she didn't mention a time-frame .
we are creating more jobs.
and opportunities will be created for those outside the state, too, she said.
an advertisement on jobs for 54,000 teachers appeared on friday.
mamata said she had asked the chief secretary to make the new age limit applicable to these jobs.
the cabinet also decided to appoint group b, c and d employees through the west bengal state service commission, instead of the public service commission, which will select only group a officers.
besides raising the age limit for group c and d employees , another decision taken in the cabinet meeting was to form a police welfare board, which would have representatives from all sections of the police force.
this is being seen as a move to counter the voices of unions in the police force.
however, the government decided not to pass the proposal to let an ngo, akshaya patra, distribute mid-day meals in kmc schools.
according to some ministers present at the meeting, the cm wanted to know more about the ngo before giving the nod.
kolkata: an elderly woman and her daughter-in-law were charred to death after fire engulfed their tiljala home on monday morning.
by the time two fire tenders reached the spot, locals had already doused the flames.
state fire services minister jawed khan later assured to speak with chief minister mamatabanerjee for compensating the family.
the incident took place around 9am, when munni begum (40) had just returned to her 30/24 raicharan ghosh lane home after dropping her son at a local school.
munni almost immediately sat down to work with her mother-in-law anisha begum (65).
the family, like others in the locality, collects adhesive from used containers to sell.
having locked the door firmly, the two were scraping adhesive from the containers.
they intended to melt them later.
mohammed shahnawaz, a local, claimed, usually people lock their doors to cut the odour that emanates due to the adhesives.
they did the same.
it is not very clear what caused the fire.
we first saw black fumes bellowing out of the windows.
initially we were unable to enter.
the boundary wall around the house impeded locals who rushed with buckets of water.
they had to first scale the wall and then break open the door.
the process took some time.
unfortunately, the victims died by the time we broke the wall and the door, said akbar, another local.
fire engines arrived almost immediately after the door was broke open.
the minister himself reached the spot after a few minutes.
khan initially suggested the fire was due to short-circuit but later said it needs to probed further.
after initial investigation, however, fire officials hinted that munni was cooking on a kerosene stove and the fire probably spread from it.
on the issue of compensating the family, khan told the locals that it was not within his purview.
i will speak to the chief minister on this and take her advice on the matter.
we will try to help them, he said.
cpm leader rabin deb also reached the spot, but locals refused to let him in.
he was also prevented from speaking to media.
as a politician, i saw it my duty to stand by people in their hour of need.
but it was premeditated that they will stop me here.
i do not want to play politics with death, deb said.
police called in additional forces to bring the situation under control.
the bodies were sent for autopsy and police are probing an unnatural death case.
new delhi: although the cabinet approved the 51  fdi in multi-brand and 100  fdi in single-brand retail, at the ground level the decision will have to be taken by the states.
retail trade is a state subject and all requisite clearances have to come from local authorities.
the resistance from bjp, the left and other players which have governments in different states will be an obstacle for an all-india rollout.
at present, the organized retail market is estimated to be worth around $28 billion (around rs 1.
45 lakh crore) and could be nine times bigger by 2020.
the cabinet decision came against the backdrop of not just criticism from the left and bjp, but also resistance from allies such as trinamool and misgivings within the congress, reinforcing the estimate that the timing may have been influenced by the desire to shake off the perception of policy paralysis, the government did not waver despite trinamool chief mamatabanerjee going public with her reservations and uncertainty in congress circles over how the decision may play in poll-bound up and punjab where traders are an important constituency.
even on thursday, there was intense debate within the cabinet with some ministers first seeking the rationale for allowing fdi, source said.
those like urban development minister kamal nath  who had as commerce minister sought to push the move during upa-1  argued in favour of the move saying it should not be seen as a move to incentivize fdi.
he reportedly told the ministers that with half the investment going towards investment in back-end retail, the move would promote agriculture and rural development.
but all the ministers did not seem fully convinced and those like defence minister a k antony are said to have expressed concern over impact of the liberalisation on mom-and-pop stores.
at this point, those in favour of the proposal argued that while the proposal was being seen as a big reform move, it would only have a limited impact given that stores could only be opened in 53 cities, of which only one is in kerala.
on the issue of opposition from the bjp and the left, the ministers also said that ultimately, the decision to allow stores was with the state government and whoever did not want global chains could deny permission.
west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee had gone public with her opposition to the move as soon as the proposal became common knowledge.
in fact, commerce & industry minister anand sharma, who piloted the proposal, on thursday went on a wooing mission to the bengal day function where mamatabanerjee had come.
during the cabinet meeting, her envoy, railway minister dinesh trivedi, sought more consultations on the proposal although by one account he is said to have come around to it.
the move to open up the multi-brand sector comes nearly 16 years after it was initially planned.
it was blocked several times due to stiff opposition from traders, opposition parties and also due to differences within respective coalitions.
critics had said opening the sector would lead to massive job losses.
the government is expected to make an announcement on the issue in parliament on friday.
analysts said the cabinet's decision to open up the sector was bold as it came in the middle of a noisy parliament session where the government is battling opposition charges over the price situation and corruption.
it also comes ahead of crucial elections in uttar pradesh.
the state had strongly opposed opening of retail units forcing reliance retail to shut up in uttar pradesh.
industry groups cheered the government's decision.
the first signs of the government's resolve to liberalise the sector were evident from the speed with which several ministries moved on the issue.
sources had told toi that upa chairperson sonia gandhi had given her nod to move ahead with reform in the retail sector.
prime minister manmohan singh and finance minister pranab mukeherjee had also strongly backed the move.
the government until now allowed 51  fdi in wholesale cash-and-carry where global players such as wal-mart and carrefour are only allowed to sell to bulk customers such as hotels, canteens and even local retailers.
the government must be commended for taking this bold political decision, especially when the crucial uttar pradesh election is just months away.
despite the populist rhetoric, there is every reason to believe that fdi in the retail sector will benefit the economy on the whole.
it should lead to creation of organised logistics and supply chains, thereby benefiting both producers and consumers, and cut out middlemen.
it will also build economies of scale in retail.
as for the argument that it will render small traders jobless, there is no reason why big retail chains and local kirana shops can't coexist.
if anything, this will move a chunk of jobs in the retail business from the unorganised to the organised sector, which is a boon for labour too.
hyderabad: the federal front proposed by cm k chandrasekhar rao may be inching towards becoming a reality what with dmk leader mk stalin on wednesday criticising the centre on states being deprived of funds.
stalin wrote a strong letter to all non-bjp chief ministers, including kcr, criticising the fiscal policy of the centre which was alleged to be detrimental to the interests of many states.
stalins strong resentment against the centre was an echo of what kcr had been complaining about.
stalin had also written letters to west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee , whom kcr had met recently, in connection with the formation of a federal front.
others who were sent the letter include delhis arvind kejriwal, odishas naveen patnaik, tamil nadus e palaniswamy, keralas pinarayi vijayan, puducherrys v narayanaswamy and punjabs amarinder singh.
interestingly, stalin did not include ap cm chandrababu naidu in his mailing list.
progressive states, should in fact, be given incentives.
after all, the growth of a state is growth of the country, kcr said on wednesday.
with stalin expressing his views openly, the way has got clearer for kcr to approach chief ministers of other states to take forward his federal front idea.
kolkata: rattled by the recent uproar over the alleged sexual abuse of a four-year-old girl by a teacher inside the school toilet, the state government has pressed the panic button.
on friday, the self-regulatory commission decided to look into the safety and security measures adopted by schools across all boards.
the commission, which was formed by chief minister mamatabanerjee to roll out a formula to curb the ever-increasing private school fees, will now look into the security measures adopted by them.
the self-regulatory commission met on friday, after a hiatus of five months, at the education secretariat in bikash bhavan.
the government will now issue a guideline on safety and security of students, which has to be followed by the schools.
the state issues no-objection certificates and extends registrations to schools within its domain.
though institutes may be affiliated to different boards and councils, if the state withdraws noc or cancels registrations, then their affiliation, too, stands null and void, said an education department official.
she added, when the recent incident took place, the onus fell on the state.
it was said that the school education department has no control over private schools affiliated to cisce or cbse.
with the self-regulatory committee already in place, we have now decided to draw up a manual regarding safety and security in all schools.
a circular has already been distributed in institutes affiliated to west bengal board of secondary education.
sources said the state will rework the manual already distributed in the madhyamik board-affiliated schools to make it more specific and up to date.
once the safety and security guidelines are handed over, all schools may have to give an undertaking to the state to abide by them, said the source.
some measures included compulsory presence of cctv cameras, female attendants in every girls toilet and male attendants in boys toilets and a school committee to immediately address problems.
banning outsiders on campus and mandatory carrying of id cards were also discussed.
the fire-safety protocols will also have to be maintained.
last saturday, anil swarup, the secretary of school education and literacy, mhrd, had specified that the state has enough power to frame rules for private schools across boards under the rte act, 2009.
this story is from february 10, 2019once calcutta high courts circuit bench in jalpaiguri starts operations, litigants from the north bengal dist.
.
.
read moredownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
kolkata: the newly set up circuit bench of calcutta high court in jalpaiguri will start operations from march 11, a month after prime minister narendra modi unveiled the facility by the click of a button from maynaguri on friday.
acting chief justice biswanath somadder will inaugurate it at a programme within the precincts of the circuit bench in jalpaiguri on march 9, two days before the bench throws opens its doors for litigants.
chief minister mamatabanerjee will attend the formal inauguration programme.
high court registrar general-in-charge bikash ranjan de has already communicated the dates to the state judicial department.
the circuit bench in jalpaiguri had to pass through a lot of hurdles before it is being operationalised on march 11, the latest being the prime minister inaugurating the project on february 8 in the absence of state representatives and judges of calcutta high court.
the cm was dismayed with the pm inaugurating the project in a hurry when the state government gave the land and provided the necessary infrastructure for the project.
the centre didnt spend any money for setting up the circuit bench.
the bench comes under the jurisdiction of the calcutta high court.
the state government gave the land, spent rs 300 crore for setting up the complex and provided the necessary infrastructure.
four months ago, the then chief justice, jyotirmoy bhattacharya, had fixed a tentative date for the inauguration.
what we needed was a notification from the president of india and also from the centre.
the union cabinet had put things on hold for all these days and timed the inauguration with the pms visit.
addressing a press meet, the cm said that the circuit bench cannot start operations even after the pm unveiled it.
how will the bench operate?
it doesnt have the manpower right now.
a proposal in this regard has to come from the calcutta high court based on which the state government will sanction the posts, she said.
the high court is thus taking a month for starting operations at the circuit bench in jalpaiguri.
setting up a circuit bench of the high court in jalpaiguri has been a longstanding demand of the people of north bengal.
litigants from four north bengal districts  darjeeling, kalimpong , cooch behar and jalpaiguri  wont have to come to kolkata to file petitions.
decks were cleared for starting operations at the circuit bench after president of india in consultation with the west bengal governor and chief justice of the calcutta high court gave life to the bench through an order titled calcutta high court (establishment of circuit bench at jalpaiguri) order, 2019 on february 7.
west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjee.
banerjee said the flow of the atreyee water into india had been artificially restricted on the bangladesh side and was creating problems for the people of the district.
the chief minister was replying to a question in the assembly by revolutionary socialist party legislator narmada chandra roy.
the mla from kushmandi in south dinajpur asked the government about the steps it was taking to alleviate the problems of the people in the area due to lack of water flow in the river.
banerjee said she had taken up the issue of lack of water in the river on the indian side with the bangladesh prime minister two-three times and also with the indian prime minister.
she said it was unfortunate that the matter had not been taken up with due urgency by the union government with its bangladesh counterpart, even though the people of south dinajpur continue to suffer.
the river originates near siliguri in north bengal, flows into bangladesh before entering south dinajpur.
after meandering through balurghat and kumarganj blocks, it flows again into the neighbouring country.
banerjee said even if heavy rains occur in jharkhand and bihar or in neighbouring country bhutan, west bengal had to bear the brunt of floods due to its geographical position.
rivers from these states and bhutan flow into west bengal, and it leads to floods, the chief minister said, adding that the issue had been taken up with the centre.
india also has a long-standing issue with bangladesh over the sharing of teesta river water.
last tuesday, mamatabanerjee had contended that bangladesh was hurt over the teesta dispute, saying she would have shared water from the river with the neighbouring country had the situation been favourable.
shivraj singh chouhandownload the times of india news app for latest cityhowrah: bjp national vice-president shivraj singh chouhan on wednesday said the tmc bringing on board poll strategist prashant kishor to chalk out the path for victory in the 2021 assembly elections will not bear fruit as the saffron party will grab power in west bengal.
chouhan, who was here in connection with a drive to recruit party workers, said, appointing prashant kishor as the poll advisor will not help tmc retain power as bjp workers are fighting a second struggle for independence to bring back democracy in west bengal.
hitting out at west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee for her 'didike bolo' reachout programme, chouhan said, mamataji can't listen to anyone.
it is better if you reach out to prime minister narendra modi who will heed your woes.
kolkata: the dhakuria unit of amri hospital shut down on tuesday hours after high drama.
earlier in the day, chief minister mamatabanerjee ran into a wave of protest during an unannounced visit to the amri hospital.
panicked by rumours of an impending closure, the hospital staff rushed at mamatabanerjee demanding rehabilitation.
the cm lost her temper when the crowd tried to break her security cordon, and shouted: you don't know me!
i will slap you and bring you back to your senses.
so many people have lost their lives here and you are creating a ruckus!
the hospital employees beat journalists after mamatabanerjee left and blocked dhakuria bridge, triggering a fistfight with residents of the nearby panchanantala slum.
in the evening, the government asked amri dhakuria not to take any new patients.
the hospital management immediately issued a notice, saying that the atmosphere was not conducive to run a hospital.
on monday, rumours started circulating that the management was considering folding up its operations in dhakuria.
this led to panic among the employees.
the cm accused the hospital management of instigating the staff to start this agitation.
why else would they ask us for jobs so soon after the tragedy?
it is the hospital management that should take care of them.
if they have some appeal to make to the government, this is not the way.
i have come to know that the management has got some patients to sign a petition that they are satisfied with the facilities at amri in return for waiving their medical bills, she said.
picture used for representational purpose onlykolkata: doctors and nurses of state-run sskm hospital were allegedly assaulted on monday by a family member of a patient following his death, police said.
the patient's brother has been arrested for the attack on doctors and a few nurses of the hospital, where he was admitted and died this morning, a senior officer of kolkata police said.
the man, who had stayed the night at the hospital as the patient's attendant, accused the medical personnel of delay in treatment and negligence, police said.
he first started abusing the medical staff, alleging delayed response.
when they resisted, he assaulted some of them, the police officer said.
police personnel immediately reached the spot and brought the situation under control, he said.
the man, who was arrested on a complaint from an on- duty doctor, has been booked under various sections of the ipc.
.
.
we are trying to obtain the cctv footages, the officer said.
a police picket has been set up following the incident.
in june, junior doctors at state-run hospitals in the state ceased work for days, protesting against the assault on two of their colleagues by family members of a patient who died at the nrs medical college and hospital.
chief minister mamatabanerjee had to intervene into the matter, and the strike was eventually withdrawn following her assurance.
this story is from february 4, 2019didigiri: kolkata cops push a cbi officer into a van outside the residence of the police commissioner on sunday night (left); west bengal cm mamatabanerjee sits on a 'save the constitution' dharnaalso read:make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
kolkata: kolkata police rounded up a team of eight cbi officials who had gone to police commissioner rajeev kumars official bungalow on sunday evening to question him, and forcibly took them to the nearby shakespeare sarani police station, triggering an unprecedented confrontation between the narendra modi government and chief minister mamatabanerjee several hundred city police personnel laid siege to two central government buildings which house cbis offices and the joint directors residence as well as the enforcement directorate  prompting senior bureau officers to approach the bengal governor keshari nath tripathi .
banerjee, sensing a political windfall from the cbi operation, first went to the police commissioners residence where she accused the centre of trying to stage a constitutional coup in bengal.
she then drove to the heart of the city to start a dharna against the centres super-emergency.
the siege of central government offices ended around 8 pm after an order from the cm to de-escalate the tension.
a team of crpf personnel then formed a cordon around the offices, indicating that the stand-off might continue in the run-up to the lok sabha polls, especially since the bjp has emerged as the trinamool congresss main opposition in the state.
the governor late on sunday night summoned chief secretary malay de and dgp virendra and asked for a comprehensive report.
the series of events started on saturday, with the cbi in delhi upping the ante against kumar.
agency officials alleged kumar was absconding and that he faced imminent arrest for allegedly delaying and diluting an sit probe in the sarada and rose valley chit fund ponzi scam.
this invited a strong rebuttal from mamatabanerjee and senior police officials.
(toi was the only paper that reported all of this in its sunday edition.
)on sunday again, additional commissioner of police jawed shamim convened a press conference at the city polices lalbazar headquarters where he labelled the cbi allegations  of police commissioner kumar absconding  as being baseless, mala fide and defamatory.
kumar had attended office every day, even on weekends, barring one casual-leave day on january 31, shamim added.
the cbi notices to kumar were also under a calcutta high court stay till february 13.
barely an hour after the briefing ended, all hell broke loose.
eight cbi officers (led by deputy superintendent of police tathagata bardhan) knocked at the visitors post at kumars loudon street residence, asking to be let in for official work.
security personnel posted there made the cbi officials wait as others spread the word that the cps residence had been besieged by the cbi.
deputy commissioner of police (south) miraz khaled was the first senior kp official to reach the spot.
he drove from his 35 park street office  a few hundred metres from his bosss residence  to question the cbi officers.
a few dozen cops, who accompanied khaled, tried to force the cbi officers into kp cars.
bardhan initially tried to step into his car, parked a short distance away on short street, while the others tried to cross over to the pavement opposite cp kumars residence.
but kp personnel, who outnumbered the cbi team heavily, succeeded in forcing them into the waiting cars and bundled them to shakespeare sarani police station.
around the same time, another cbi team reached park street police station with some documents but were asked by officer-in-charge to go to shakespeare sarani police station as the cps home fell under the latters jurisdiction.
banerjee herself reached kumars residence a few minutes into the drama around 7.
05 p.
m.
simultaneously, cops started being deployed around cbi offices at the salt lake cgo complex and nizam palace on ajc bose road, which also houses the residence of the cbi joint director (east), the highest-ranking cbi official here.
the siege continued for about an hour, before cops started withdrawing around 8.
30 p.
m.
by now, however, central agencies had decided not to take any risk.
central reserve police force personnel started arriving at these offices in a little while and formed protective cordons around them.
the cm was closeted inside kumars home for 40 minutes, where she met her top security advisors  special security advisor surajit kar purakayastha, state director-general of police virendra, additional director-general (law and order) anuj sharma and kumar himself  as the stand-off continued.
banerjees first comments after she came out indicated that she viewed the cbi measures as a political move and was going to fight this out politically.
they came to the commissioner of polices home without any court order or warrant.
the matter is sub-judice in the calcutta hc and there is a stay order.
this is blatantly wrong and an infringement on our federal structure.
it is not about the person (i rate kumar as the best police officer in the world) but it is about the office he holds.
that office provides security to the city of kolkata and has its own dignity and decorum.
it is my responsibility as the states administrative head to stand by my men and women who work for me and the state, unselfishly, she said.
she then lashed out at the constitutional coup and accused the centre of declaring a super-emergency.
elections are due in some time.
is it a coup?
is it article 355 or article 356 next?
i have been made a target for holding the january 19 united india rally in kolkata.
there was pressure on me but i did not buckle.
i have information that cbi officers were summoned to delhi that very day.
they were told kuchh toh karo (do something).
one person is behind all this; he is national security advisor ajit doval.
he is giving orders to the cbi.
they are taking control of all federal institutions, she said, before declaring that she would stage a dharna till this issue is resolved.
things always start before elections.
we saw this prior to the 2016 assembly polls, then just before the panchayat polls and now again before 2019 lok sabha polls.
this story is from november 29, 2018representative imagetimes viewdownload the times of india news app for latest citykolkata: various government departments have shrugged off responsibility for the spike in the citys air pollution and lack of demonstrative action to control it.
instead, they indulged in a blame game, pointing to the others failure to act on issues, like failure to phase out old commercial vehicles, check vehicular emission and construction dust, stop burning of organic waste and use of coal and firewood in roadside eateries.
a day after the national green tribunal principal bench slapped a rs 5-crore fine on the state for failing to curb air pollution, environment and transport minister suvendu adhikari refused to take responsibility.
buses and trucks that come into the city from beyond the kolkata metropolitan area are polluting the citys ambient air.
all commercial vehicles in kolkata are less than 15 years old.
but this law is not applicable for vehicles registered beyond kma, he said at the assembly on wednesday, adding 80 electric buses would soon be introduced to reduce the emission load.
the chairman of the state pollution control board, a watchdog agency to check pollution, claimed he was powerless unless other agencies complied.
bharat stage ii vehicles are still operating in kolkata.
roadside eateries that use coal and firewood have mushroomed.
leaves and waste are being burned.
construction is done without covering the area to prevent the spread of dust.
it will require the combined efforts of environment, transport and housing departments, police and civic authorities to remedy the situation, said state pcb chairman kalyan rudra.
subhas datta, whose petition led to the ngt order, said he felt sad rather than elated at the outcome.
the pollution cost had been slapped after years of inaction.
air pollution affects everyone.
it also affects both the rich and the poor.
it should be of utmost concern to the government.
in delhi, the government has acknowledged the problem and is attempting to respond to it.
here, we are in denial, rued datta.
why levy the pollution cost on the government, countered green activist naba datta.
instead, he wanted individual officials to be liable.
why should the payout happen from the public exchequer?
for years, pm2.
5 was not measured.
people continued to breathe in the poisonous air.
environment does not figure in the discourse of any party or the government, he said.
minister adhikari though said chief minister mamatabanerjee had held a high-level meeting and that a committee, headed by the chief secretary, was working on a road map to battle pollution in the long term.
we, as a city, need to wake up to this problem.
delhi has focused on the problem.
yes, it still suffers from the problem and has not been able to hit on a solution but it is trying out various fixes.
we, too, need to do that.
union minister smriti iranikolkata: union minister smriti irani on tuesday took on chief minister mamatabanerjee for her opposition to the national register of citizens (nrc) exercise and writing to the pm on the future of around 10,500 employees in two nationalised banks headquartered in kolkata following bank mergers.
illegal infiltrators will be dealt with as per law and the constitution, she asserted.
no indian will be left out.
.
.
we are dedicated towards protecting the rights of the citizens of the country, irani said on nrc, addressing the media at an interactive session to mark 100 days of narendra modi government 2.
0.
on bank mergers, the minister for women and child development and textiles added: union finance minister has said that not a single job will be lost due to bank mergers.
the fact that the chief minister of bengal has taken a stand against the government of india is nothing new.
irani came down heavily on trinamool congress for its stand on nrc and illegal immigrants.
tmc chose not to comment.
centre's notification banning the sale of animals for slaughter +undemocratic, unconstitutional and unethical +tamil nadu witnessed fitful protests +the countrywide chorus against theat livestock markets and animal fairs grew louder on monday, with chief minister mamatabanerjee saying west bengal will not implement the new rules and kerala writing to all cms to oppose the new regulations.
the puducherry government too raised the standard of dissent, saying it will not implement the ban and passed a resolution in the assembly to register its protest against the notification.
the move has also caused consternation in the christian-majority states of meghalaya and nagaland while the non-bjp-ruled states of kerala and, keeping it a hot button political issue, the karnataka government said it would weigh all options to challenge the ban in court.
mamata said the centre's move infringed upon the rights of states.
prevention, protection and improvement of stock and prevention of animal diseases come under the state list.
so do markets and fairs and also trade and commerce.
i don't know why the centre is encroaching upon state matters time and again and taking decisions unilaterally, she said.
accusing the modi government of crossing the lakshman rekha, the bengal cm said, let's not forget that a state government, like the centre, is elected.
a government should not exceed its brief, endangering democracy and secularism.
nothing remains if a government bulldozes states and destroys the federal structure.
protests erupted across tamil nadu, with several parties, including the opposition dmk, slamming the silent state government for not opposing the centre on the issue.
dmk working president m k stalin is to lead the protest on wednesday, a party statement said.
the decision has affected the village economy.
several states have expressed their opposition to the ban, but the tamil nadu government is silent on it, and it is condemnable, the statement added.
in trichy, members of the tamil nadu muslim munnetra kazhagam raised slogans and distributed beef.
around 150 of them were detained for attempting to hit an effigy of prime minster narendra modi with slippers.
accusing bjp of imposing the hindutva ideology across the country, tamilar desiya munnani president pazha nedumaran called tamil nationalist organisations to join an agitation on may 31 in trichy.
pmk chief s ramadoss also warned of protests from his party members.
puducherry cm v narayanasamy said he would write to the pm urging him to withdraw the notification.
if needed, legislation will be passed declaring that the union government's notification will not be implemented, he said.
beef is an integral part of french cuisine in the former french colony of puducherry, he added.
the karnataka government is contemplating challenging the centre's new rule in court.
we are studying the centre's notification, and it appears very confusing.
we have to see if the new regulation conforms to the 1960 law, said t b jayachandra, karnataka's law minister.
jayachandra added, the centre cannot introduce new rules unilaterally without considering provisions of the state's laws.
the subject is on the concurrent list, and in the case of a conflict between the centre and state, the issue can be resolved only through presidential intervention.
with assembly elections in karnataka less than a year away, the issue is likely to figure prominently in the political discourse over the next few months.
karnataka pradesh congress committee (kpcc) spokesperson v s ugrappa alleged that bjp was trying to foment communal tension.
cow protection is bjp's new method to create trouble in society.
but we will not allow disruptive politics to thrive in the state, he said.
in what could be termed as the first step for beef diplomacy that may even turn out to be a movement to unite non-bjp cms, kerala chief minister pinarayi vijayan wrote letters to all his fellow cms expressing concern over the recent guidelines issued by the centre to regulate cattle trade.
he urged all his counterparts to stand together to oppose this anti-federal, anti-democratic and anti-secular move, it may mark the beginning of a series of similar measures aimed at destroying the federal democratic fabric and secular culture of our country.
vijayan had written a similar letter to modi on may 20, urging him to withdraw the new notification issued by the environment ministry.
a copy of that letter was also enclosed in the letter to cms.meanwhile, the kerala high court asked the union government to respond to the four petitions challenging the ban.
the court sought a formal response as the difference of opinion between the centre and state governments on the issue became apparent at the admission hearing held on monday.
the petitions were filed by youth congress state general secretary t g sunil, mla hibi eden, pu kunju muhammed, who owns a meat shop at kaloor market, and another person.
during the admission hearing on the petitions, the state government submitted that the ban was an infringement on its rights and that the centre had encroached upon the powers of the state.
in shillong, a senior bjp official allayed fears that the ban would affect availability of beef in the state.
question of (banning) beef here does not arise as most bjp leaders in meghalaya eat it, the party's tura district president, bernard n marak, said.
in kohima, the congress said the ban was blatantly communal and divisive and unacceptable.
nagaland bjp can no longer be in denial.
reiterating its secular credentials will not absolve it of the misdeeds of the party's national leaders, the state congress said in a statement.
in left-ruled tripura, cpm state secretary bijan dhar demanded the withdrawal of the notification and insisted the issue was a state subject.
he said the ban violated the federal structure of the country, affected the farming community and infringed on people's right to choose their food.
a ban on cattle slaughter in animal markets would lead to communal friction, affect the livelihood of millions and hurt agricultural economy.
we feel the notification is unconstitutional and an attempt to create communal polarization.
we want it to be withdrawn immediately, he added.
kolkata: the state government will give a makeover to the rabindra sadan campus on the lines of national centre for performing arts ncpa ), mumbai.
after mamatabanerjee became the chief minister in 2011, she asked the centre for partial funding of the project.
but the lukewarm response from the centre has prompted the state to go ahead with the project alone.
pegged at approximately rs 400 crore, it will promote indias culture and heritage to the international audience, said a source.
it was her (mamata banerjee) dream project and we wrote to the centre time and again with all the plans and cost details, but there was no response.
recently, she asked the finance and information and cultural affairs departments to see if financial arrangements can be made, a senior official said.
we will start the process of making the detailed project report soon and the project is likely is take off after the completion of baruipur film city, he added.
inaugurated in 1969, the national centre for performing arts (ncpa), mumbai, was the first multi-venue, multi-genre cultural centre in south asia.
built on more than 3200 acres of land reclaimed from the sea, the ncpa campus houses five theatres, galleries, libraries, restaurants and several reception arenas.
according to the present plan there will be three auditoriums, galleries, libraries, cafeteria and an information centre, the official said.
we already have gaganendra shilpa pradarshashala, academy of fine arts, rabindra sadan and four auditoriums at nandan.
we need to restructure them and make them modern.
we have plans to remodel the library inside nandan and the west bengal bangla academy, the official added.
when asked about funding, the official said, four years ago when our chief minister devised the plan the official estimate was pegged at around rs 400 crore but there has been an escalation and we need to recalculate the budget.
kolkata: lillian lou, whose parents left their kolkata home almost seven decades ago, was flying back to her california home over the pacific ocean when the president of india dedicated the indian institute of liverand digestive sciences (iilds) in sonarpur to the nation on thursday.
but you could bet that lou's thoughts were there in sonarpur some 8,000 miles away.
for, it was a chance meeting between her and calcutta-based gastroenterologist dr abhijit chowdhury  at a restaurant housed in a 14th-century building in barcelona  that would be the seed for a rs 60crore, 100-bed superspecialty hospital on the city's southern fringe.
i met professor chowdhury during a liver disease conference in 2012.
i admire his passion, dedication and determined pursuit in improving healthcare for the people of bengal, lou told toi over an email.
the california-based scientist was one of the first to respond to the call for financial help by connecting chowdhury and his team to donors.
a brainchild of the liver foundation west bengal (lfwb), more donors came forward to make the make the hospital materialize.
i know the kind of selfless effort chowdhury and his team have put in to give shape to their dream.
it is great honour for me to find ways to support his work.
it is heartfelt to witness the progressive germination of iilds and the benefits it brings to the people who need quality healthcare, lou wrote in her email.
built on 4 acres given by the state government, the hospital is expected to provide a breather to the common man who needs affordable quality care.
this hospital is built with public money and is not owned by anyone.
here, the patients will pay only what they have to.
in addition to treatment facilities, the institute will also be conducting research on various topics, said lfwb secretary chowdhury.
we will need about two days to sanitize the hospital before we start taking in indoor patients, said parthasarathi mukherjee, project director at lfwb.
apart from overseas funds, pharma companies, public sector units like sbi and coal india and individuals from the sonarpur locality contributed to the project, recently, gitasree dey, a widow who live near the hospital, donated rs 10 lakh.
subrata dasgupta, another local who lost his father recently, has pledged to donate the amount he would have spent on his father's shradh ceremony.
this is a beginning of a journey for lfwb.
let it succeed.
mamata banerjeedownload the times of india news app for latest citykolkata: coming down heavily on tmc leaders who joined the bjp post the lok sabha elections, west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee tuesday called them greedy and corrupt and said the saffron party was collecting garbage.
the trinamool congress (tmc) supremo also said she would be replacing the traitors with dedicated members and asked those undecided about joining the bjp to leave her party at the earliest.
banerjee's remarks came in the backdrop of three mlas and a majority of councillors from five municipalities in the state defecting to the bjp from the tmc since the declaration of general election results last month.
we are not bothered about a few corrupt and greedy leaders who are switching to some other party.
they joined the bjp as they were afraid they might face consequences for their activities, the chief minister said.
she said her administration is contemplating action against those involved in corruption.
we are throwing out our garbage and the bjp is collecting it.
the tmc boss said she would want to restructure her party ahead of the 2021 west bengal assembly elections, while insisting that those who were in two minds about switching to the bjp should leave immediately.
i would like to urge those traitors who are still undecided on whether to join the bjp or stay in the tmc to leave the party.
one person will leave and 500 more will be inducted in his or her place.
we want to restructure our party and replace corrupt and greedy workers with dedicated cadres, she added.
admitting that her party's leadership made a few mistakes while dealing with old-timers and loyalists, the chief minister assured that the lapses would be taken care of.
she also instructed her party leaders and workers to increase their outreach activities.
banerjee warned party members against infighting as it affects the implementation of government schemes.
work hard and work honestly to reach out to the masses.
don't fall into the bjp's trap.
people are looking at us.
do remember that councillors play a very important role, they are the face of the party in their respective wards, she said.
patna: taking a swipe at congress president rahul gandhis recent remark that he was ready to become pm if congress or a coalition led by the party wins the lok sabha election next year, union minister and ljp president ram vilas paswan on sunday said there is no vacancy for the top post in 2019.
the post is already booked (reserved) in the name of narendra modi, paswan said and pointed out that modi is the lone candidate for the pms post from nda camp whereas opposition has several candidates like rahul gandhi, mamatabanerjee , chandrababu naidu and sharad pawar.
the ljp chief also claimed the nda would secure a clear majority in karnataka and form next government in the state.
while interacting with eminent personalities of bengaluru on tuesday, rahul said he was ready to be pm in 2019 if the congress or a coalition led by the party wins next years lok sabha elections.
supporting rahul, bjps disgruntled leader and patna sahib mp shatrughan sinha on saturday had said the congress president, who has matured in the past few years, was popular with the public and asked, what was wrong if the leader heading the biggest, oldest national party saw a possibility of becoming the next prime minister.
sinha, in a tweet, also said, anybody can become pm in our country .
.
.
naamdar, kaamdar, daamdar or for that matter any average samajhdaar, if he has the numbers and support.
patna sahib mp was, in fact, referring to a recent comment of the pm on rahul in which modi had allegedly mocked the congress president by terming him naamdar (famous due to family).
congress president, sir, we cannot sit before you.
you are naamdar, while i am kaamdar (ordinary worker who believes in work).
we have no status to sit in front of you, modi had said while addressing an election rally in karnataka.
lucknow: after jointly attending a lunch hosted by congress president sonia gandhi, bsp chief mayawati and sp president akhilesh yadav might come together for a rally in uttar pradesh for the first time.
the idea of a joint rally was mooted at friday's lunch event when rjd chief lalu yadav asked mayawati and akhilesh to come forward and help host big political congregations of anti-bjp parties across the country.
sp mp naresh agarwal confirmed that the idea of organizing joint rallies was floated and unanimously agreed upon by all anti-bjp parties at the event.
a joint opposition is the need of the hour to take on the bjp , he told toi.
he said that a rally would be organized after the one by rld chief lalu yadav in patna on august 27 after the presidential elections.
while senior bsp leaders could not be contacted for comments, sources privy to the meeting said the bsp supremo endorsed the idea, categorically dismissing the notion of her shunning the anti-bjp front.
i am 100  with you, she was quoted as saying.
the idea of a joint rally by mayawati and akhilesh could give a fillip to shaping up of the much anticipated anti-bjp front ahead of the 2019 lok sabha elections.
the coming together of akhilesh and mayawati has been widely speculated after the two regional satraps faced a complete rout at the hands of the bjp during the recent up assembly elections.
in fact, the last parliamentary elections saw mayawati's bsp getting reduced to a zero, while sp was restricted to just five seats.
lalu and tmc chief mamatabanerjee are also learnt to have been trying to convince both mayawati and akhilesh to join hands for taking on the bjp in the forthcoming lok sabha elections.
in fact, on friday, lalu pressed for the unity in the specific context of up, arguing that a joint platform of sp, bsp and congress would win 70 lok sabha seats.
sp and bsp have never been together since 1993 when the two political parties entered a pre-poll alliance ahead of the state elections, which they won.
the animosity between the two arch rivals has only been increasing after 1995, when mayawati was attacked in the state guesthouse after she pulled the rug from under the then sp government headed by mulayam singh yadav, leading to its downfall.
this story is from february 2, 2019download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
kolkata: the west-bound ramp connecting maa flyover with the ajc bose road elevated corridor, which will reduce the journey time from em bypass to race course to less than 10 minutes, is likely to be inaugurated some time next week.
urban development minister and kolkata mayor firhad hakim will inspect the ramp before deciding the exact time and date of the inauguration.
according to department sources, the minister wants the ramp to be inaugurated by chief minister mamatabanerjee on her way to the bengal global business summit.
the 1km-long ramp, which is forked out of the maa elevated corridor near topsia police station, flies over a number of busy thoroughfares like nasiruddin road, congress exhibition road and a part of circus avenue to merge with the ajc bose road flyover near beckbagan crossing.
the ramp will allow vehicles to aovid chaos at the park circus seven-point crossing.
at present, west-bound vehicles need to negotiate the complex traffic movement at the crossing before taking the ajc bose road flyover.
the ramp has brought east kolkata, the citys new growth area, closer to southern howrah, the focus area in kolkatas twin city.
this part of howrah had assumed immense importance after the state secretariat was shifted from writers building to nabanna.
thanks to this ramp, vehicles will reach nabanna from em bypass, which used to take not less than an hour earlier, in just 20 minutes.
the stretch will virtually become a green corridor as smooth traffic movement will ensure lesser fuel consumption and no traffic congestion will help to reduce pollution levels, said an official of hcc, which constructed the corridor and the ramps.
kolkata traffic police will have a trial run before throwing the ramp to traffic.
the moment the ramp is handed over to us, we will make necessary changes in traffic circulation.
currently, park circus seven-point crossing takes the load of west-bound traffic from em bypass.
once the ramp is functional, there will be less vehicular pressure on the crossing.
moreover, em bypass-bound traffic from park circus can take the maa flyover.
this traffic is now being diverted along surawardy avenue and darga road, said a traffic police officer.
kolkata: bjps reverses in the up lok sabha bypolls, particularly in cm yogi adityanath and his deputys home turfs, have come as a shot in the arm for trinamool chief mamatabanerjee , who has already emerged as a credible mascot of the anti-bjp forum at the national level.
great victory.
congratulations to mayawati ji and akhilesh yadav ji for uttar pradesh bypolls.
the beginning of the end has started.
congratulations to lalu prasad ji for winning araria and jehanabad.
this is a great victory, mamatabanerjee tweeted, while bjp candidates were trailing in gorakhpur and phulpur constituencies in up and the solitary araria lok sabha seat in bihar.
according to trinamool sources, mamatabanerjee had been instrumental in the sp and bsp alliance that devoured bjp in the hindi heartland.
her position became even stronger in the anti-bjp fold after congress was decimated in both these states.
going by the trend, congress president rahul gandhi has to give significant space to other secular parties such as trinamool and remain a partner in the battle against bjp in the 2019 lok sabha polls.
however, unlike telangana chief minister k chandrasekhar rao, mamatabanerjee hasnt erased congress from her proposed federal front to remove bjp from power.
instead, she has scaled up the independent activity of her party both within and outside parliament, and is keeping in touch with leaders of other parties independently to slowly improve her importance in the anti-bjp formation.
the cm began this exercise right from the day pm narendra modi announced demonetisation and continued with her solo protest until congress and other parties broke their silence in parliament.
banerjee had then proposed to congress to hold joint demonstrations across the country along with other secular parties but that didnt materialise.
the chief minister continued with her opposition until others followed her example after the rbi report on demonetisation vindicated her stand.
since then, mamatabanerjee has been in touch with all senior leaders in the country, from sharad pawar to akhilesh yadav and mayawati, and from lalu prasad to farooq abdullah.
she sent birthday wishes to dmk leader m k stalin a few days ago, as well as to cpm leader and former bengal cm buddhadeb bhattacharjee.
she is also sending tmcs rajya sabha leader derek obrien to the wedding of tdp parliamentary leader y s chowdarys daughter, despite tdp being an nda ally.
the decisions indicate mamatabanerjee is trying to carve out a formation against bjp independent of congress.
she has made it clear to her party mps that trinamool wont play second fiddle to congress under rahul, who has to prove his worth in the upcoming polls in four or five states before leading the anti-bjp front.
new delhi: congress leader sonia gandhi has launched a soft political outreach to regional parties, discussing options to raise the punjab national bank scam in parliament and explore a broader convergence, signalling that state-centric outfits need not consider congress a threat to their interests.
as part of her outreach, sonia will invite leaders of opposition parties for dinner at her residence in new delhi, according to congress sources.
this is being seen as a step towards laying the foundation for a united front in the 2019 lok sabha elections.
the dinner is expected to be held ahead of the aicc plenary session scheduled for march 16-18 and could take place on march 13.
invitations are being extended to the 17 parties which attended a meeting called by the congress to brainstorm over common strategy in parliament and outside last month.
a tdp representative may also attend the dinner.
with the pnb scam seeing almost all opposition parties attacking the government, sonia seems keen on using the concurrence to seek a more unified approach in parliament.
her conversations assume importance after bjps success in elections in three north-eastern states.
moves by opposition leaders like trinamool chief mamatabanerjee and trs chief k c rao to form a federal front come across as a parallel exercise but not necessarily at odds with sonias efforts.
some opposition leaders feel mamatabanerjee has signalled that she is peeved with congress for not involving her in the north-east campaign or in the earlier gujarat election but congress will remain part of the scheme of things.
sonia's approach seems intended to assure parties which have been electoral opponents that their interests are not at cross purposes.
in this context, an understanding, at least in parliament to begin with, can be worked out with parties like biju janata dal.
sonia spoke to bjd's bhartruhari mahtab on tuesday and had exchanged notes with trinamool mps on monday.
the electoral presence of congress has been diminishing in odisha and in the current situation, bjp is seen to pose a stronger challenge to bjd.
in the long run-up to the next lok sabha election, opposition circles have been buzzing with various formulations to contain bjp and prime minister narendra modi .
a view, articulated by the top congress leadership, is that bjp could be vulnerable in hindi states where it did very well in 2014 and its number can be eroded significantly, denying a majority on its own.
the best result, goes the speculation, will be if bjp gets knocked out of contention for office altogether, but many senior opposition leaders do not think the saffron party will suffer a meltdown.
however, if the bjp numbers were to fall, it would allow unhappy allies like shiv sena and other regional parties greater say in selection of the pm and this might put modi at a disadvantage.
congresss bid to put forward a more benign face to regional parties could be part of an effort to maximise the impact of non-nda parties.
after rahul gandhi took over as congress president, sonia was expected to play a role in coalition building, an area where she has more experience and has equations with opposition leaders.
kolkata: news of cash crunch at atms in various cities, caused by a government decision to replace currency notes of rs 2,000 denomination with those of rs 200, sparked fears of a crisis in kolkata and elsewhere in the state.
chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjees remark that the situation reminded one of demonetisation further accentuated the anxiety.
the subsequent rush to withdraw money led to many atms running dry, heralding a crisis that bank officials said, would otherwise not have happened.
six out of seven atms in kolkata were on tuesday afternoon dispensing cash and there was no shortage in sight.
but anxiety was stoked by tv news reports on the cash shortage in other cities.
seeing reports of atms running out of cash in several states.
big notes missing.
reminder of demonetisation days.
is there a financial emergency going on in the country?
a tweet by the cm heightened the concerns.
soon, queues began to build up outside atms.there are 12,000 atms in bengal, of which 3,000 are in kolkata.
state bank of india and hdfc bank sources said around 86  atms in kolkata were dispensing cash in tuesday noon.
kolkata was among the top cities in cash dispensation with the situationbeing better in only chandigarh and thiruvananthapuram.
hyderabad, bhubaneswar and patna were at the bottom of the rung.
at jadavpur in south kolkata, jayati ghosh had a deja vu when she visited an atm.
one atm was out of cash and the other had a huge queue.
it reminded me of the terrible times in november and december 2016 when the cash crunch was acute, she said.
in central kolkata, an atm near the entrance to the kmc headquarters also ran out of money.
soon, the other atms in the locality had huge queues.
a year and a half ago, i had not reacted fast enough.
by the time i reached atms, they had all run dry.
i am not taking any chances, said trader animesh sinha standing in a queue.
while a few atms run out of money every day and are replenished in a few hours, the rush to withdraw money meant cash vanishing from more atms. by evening, a good number of atms across the city did not have cash.
the average outgo from sbi atms in the city is usually rs 6-7 lakh.
for other banks, it is rs 3-4 lakh.
sources in the banking circles attributed the crisis to the shift from rs-2,000 notes to rs-200 notes in atms. the forthcoming panchayat election has fuelled demand for cash.
cheaper data has led to spurt in data usage.
this has, in turn, led to a drop in connectivity.
with digital payment floundering due to data issues, the demand for cash has gone up further, said another psu bank official.
ashok mukherjee, ex-deputy chief secretary of sbi staff association , blamed the centre: the crisis is intentional and aimed at promoting digital payment controlled by private companies.
representative imagedownload the times of india news app for latest citykolkata: a third-year student of presidency university has lodged a complaint of moral policing against the president of a housing society located off em bypass, alleging the elderly man had abused and made filthy comments regarding her dress  a tee shirt and a pair of shorts  when she had gone to the association office complaining about a water pipeline leakage at her apartment last tuesday.
she further added that when she had dialled 100 and a cop came to the housing but he, too, left without addressing her issue claiming it was the housings internal matter.
harassed and tormented, the woman came back to her flat and wrote an e-mail to the kolkata police commissioner and also tweeted tagging chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjees on wednesday, a day after the incident had happened on tuesday.
reacting to the complaint, officers of garfa police station reached her home on sunday and recorded the statement of the woman as well as the president of the association.
according to the complaint, the woman had found water leaking from her washroom pipeline and had called an online service provider for the same, last tuesday.
but by the time the plumber arrived around 6.
45pm, the gates of the housing complex were closed for technicians from outside and the guards stopped him.
so she went to the associations office to request them to allow the plumber to her flat.
as i started to speak about my problem, i noticed all eyes were on my body rather than on my face.
the man who spoke next had an especially conspicuous stare of perversion.
he said he does not feel like talking to a girl like me because im not dressed according to his satisfaction.
i am that kind of girl who should not be listened to at all because i have no more sense than dressing like a woman of the streets and walking into a room full of respectable men, the woman wrote in her complaint.
when the policeman finally arrived, he only talked about how he was powerless over a communitys policies and politely requested me to reschedule the plumbers appointment.
he conveniently never tried to address the harassment and discrimination that i faced, the woman wrote in the complaint.
five days after the complaint, cops came to the housing to register the statement of the woman as well as the president, against whom much of the allegation was levelled but did not specify what action they were actions they were going to take.
meanwhile, toi spoke to the association president who admitted to have commented about the womans dress but said that he wished the situation never arose.
i was working at the office when the girl barged in and began talking in a manner that was extremely disrespectful.
that had soured the mood and then i saw the woman was in her shorts and so i told her to come to an office in some decent clothes as several elderly persons were sitting there.
that comment infuriated the woman, said the 65-year-old retired engineer.
kolkata: west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee 's nephew abesh mamatabanerjee , who is a medical student, on friday came out in support of the protesting doctors at the state-run hospitals.
abesh mamatabanerjee , whose facebook bio describes him as the president of kpc medical college and hospital, was seen at a rally holding a placard that read: you say we are gods!
!
why treat us like dogs?
dr abesh mamatabanerjee , nephew of mamatabanerjee at kpc hospital kolkata!
!
#savethedoctors, another doctor tweeted sharing his picture.
earlier, kolkata mayor and state minister firhad hakim's daughter, a doctor, criticised the government's handling of the ongoing doctors' strike and said medicos had the right to peaceful protest and safety at work.
in a facebook post, shabba hakim asked people to question why goons were still surrounding hospitals and beating up doctors.
as a tmc supporter i am deeply ashamed at the inaction and the silence of our leader, shabba hakim said on the social networking site close to wednesday-thursday midnight.
till then mamatabanerjee had remained silent on the issue.
to those saying onyo rugider ki dosh?
(what is the fault of the other patients?
), shabba hakim suggested they should question the government as to why the police officers posted in government hospitals did little to nothing to protect the doctors.
please question them that when 2 truckload of goons showed up and why wasn't a back-up sent immediately?
please question why goons are still surrounding hospitals and beating up doctors?
hakim asked.
we have a right to peaceful protest.
we have a right to safety at work, she added.
in her first reaction after chidambaram's arrest on wednesday evening, mamatabanerjee quoted rabindranath tagore and said the message of justice is crying silently in isolation.
p chidambaram is an economist, and a former home minister and finance minister.
the manner in which he has been arrested is depressing.
there are four pillars of democracy: democratic institutions, election commission, media and judicial system.
the democratic system of our country is crying, yet the judiciary is not coming to its aid, she said in a statement issued by the trinamool congress here.
she also alleged that media outlets have become spokespersons of the ruling bjp.
chidambaram was arrested by the cbi on wednesday night from his residence here in connection with the inx media corruption case.
this story is from january 19, 2019make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
new delhi: congress president rahul gandhi on friday extended support to tmc chief and west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee ahead of her mega opposition rally scheduled on saturday.
even as congress nominated its leaders mallikarjun kharge and rajya sabha mp from west bengal, abhishek manu singhvi, to represent the party at the kolkata event, rahul's one-page missive sought to dismiss speculation about the reasons for his own absence.
the entire opposition is united.
.
.
i extend my support to mamatabanerjee di on this show of unity and hope we send a powerful message of a united india together, he wrote.
congress, which has been at the forefront of rallying opposition support, emphasised the need for the bloc to remain united in their defence of democracy.
across india, there are powerful forces afoot.
forces fanned by anger and disappointment of hundreds of millions of indians who have seen through the false promises and lies peddled by the modi government.
these force are moved by the hope of a new tomorrow, a tomorrow filled with the idea of an india in which the voice of every man, woman, child will be heard and respected no matter what is there religion, economic status or region, rahul said.
we commend the great people of bengal who have historically been at the forefront of defending our ideals, he added.
kolkata: mayor sovan chatterjees marital discord was the talk of the town on wednesday while chief minister mamatabanerjee was away in darjeeling for the first hill business summit.
trinamool seniors are taken aback with the mayors going public on his personal life for the second day, making it sound like a scripted soap opera unfolding in layers in which all the characters doing their bit to spice up the show.
the story line of this opera has all the elements of a tollywood production in which protagonist sovan chatterjee leaves his home and family that fail to recognise the role of his friend in need baisakhi bandyopadhyay, who had to bear the partys wrath because of her proximity to sovan.
sovan feels for baisakhi and refuses to dump this university teacher who had accompanied the family to lawyers and chartered accountants when central agencies probing the narada expose summoned sovon and his wife.
all the characters other than baisakhi and her husband monojit mandal, including the mayors wife ratna chatterjee and his father-in-law dulal das have questions on the role of the new female character much to the embarrassment of the party seniors.
i cant even think of a person holding the post of a mayor going public on his personal life the way the present incumbent is doing.
why is he dragging the issue when didi asked him to concentrate on his work?
a trinamool senior said.
the mayors washing his dirty linen in public didnt even go down well with the party ranks ahead of the rural polls.
for some, like in a soap opera, the mayor episode is also heading for a climax.
it became all too apparent after baisakhi bandyopadhyay took the mayors brief in public and rebutted the claims made by mayors wife ratna chatterjee.
i know sovanda since 2011.
i had accompanied the chatterjee couple to mumbai.
we were family friends.
i had been to their place and they also reciprocated.
when sovanda was frantically looking for legal advice, i gave him full support and also helped his elder brother to prepare the papers for the ed.
the agency didnt summon wives of trinamool leaders except her (ratna).
there is problem with her track record, bandyopadhyay said.
sovans father-in-law and his godown business partner dulal das pointed an accusing finger at baisakhi.
they had a happy married life till things turned for the worse for my daughter after she entered the scene.
sovan didnt even let her mother-in-law into his flat following which she fell ill.
i ask why his son and daughter are not with him, das said.
ratna went a step further and alleged that baisakhi had put pressure on sovan against bringing her back from london.
the mayor rubbished all the charges and also expressed his lack of trust in his wife that prompted him to go for separation.
mamata mamatabanerjee instructs one of her security personnel to park the nine-vehicle convoy on the roadside at teghoria on thursday.
kolkata: chief minister mamatabanerjee on thursday got out of her car and rebuked traffic cops posted at teghoria crossing on vip road for halting traffic on the service roads and the main thoroughfare to facilitate smooth movement of her convoy.
the cm then asked her convoy to park at the side and asked officers to allow free movement of vehicles.
she stood there for a good four-and-a-half minutes till normal traffic movement resumed on the stretch before leaving.
banerjee was returning from the airport around 5.
45pm on thursday with a convoy of nine vehicles.
it is usual protocol  followed by cops across the state  to stop traffic movement on main thoroughfares and crossover points to ensure any vip passing through gets a free passage without the hassle of getting stuck in snarls or slow traffic.
banerjee has time and again tried to defy this protocol and has often instructed cops in public not to hamper traffic movement for her passage.
on thursday, seeing a number of vehicles stopped on the service roads parallel to vip road to allow her smooth passage, she asked her convoy to pull over and rebuked the cops.
she stood there till the cops removed the barricades and allowed free movement of vehicles.
picture used for representational purpose onlykolkata: after manipur and rajasthan , the bengal government is all set to enact a new law in the current session of the assembly, which makes lynching an offence punishable with a life term and a rs 5 lakh fine.
the west bengal (prevention of) lynching bill, 2019, while incorporating the apex court guidelines, makes conspiracy and rumour mongering offences punishable with jail terms.
it also calls for witness protection and compensation for victims.
in july 2018, a supreme court bench of former chief justice dipak misra, justice a m khanwilkar and justice d y chandrachud termed lynching a horrendous act of mobocracy and asked the centre and states to take steps in this regard.
the sc also urged them to control hatred and inciteful speeches on social media platforms.
chief minister mamatabanerjee , too, had repeatedly been speaking of tougher laws on lynching and rumour mongering.
the proposed law asks the state dgp and the kolkata police commissioner to appoint a nodal officer for periodic assessment of local intelligence inputs on potential flashpoints.
it also mandates that each such case will be probed by an officer not below the rank of an inspector.
the bill makes it mandatory for the investigating officer to inform the trial courts on protection of witnesses and informants.
any allegation of threats, coercion or inducement to the witnesses too must be brought to the notice of court within 24 hours.
the bill also makes provisions of punishment for people obstructing the legal process, disseminating offensive material or instigating hostility.
it says that if anyone is found guilty of assisting, preventing or interfering with the arrest of the accused, the person will punished with an imprisonment which may extend upto three year with a fine upto rs 1lakh.
apart from this, the bill proposes jail term of one year and a fine of rs 50,000 for publishing, communicating or disseminating offensive material by any method  physical or electronic which also brings into its ambit social media platforms.
the proposals also include a jail term upto three years, with a fine of upto rs 1 lakh, for anyone who is responsible for encouraging hostility against a single person or a group of persons.
the state government is keen to stop any kind of mob violence leading to lynching.
so, the new bill directs the ocs of the police stations to identify vulnerable zones and take all reasonable steps to prevent any incident of lynching.
as per the bill, the state dgp will appoint a coordinator not below the level of inspector general (ig) and in case of kolkata, the police commissioner will appoint a nodal officer not below the level of additional commissioner of police.
the nodal officer will monitor and take steps to prevent incidents of lynching in the state and kolkata.
they will hold regular meetings with the concerned officers and keep a strict monitoring on the social media postings to anticipate and prevent any kind of incitement.
according to the new bill, the state government apart from giving protection to the victim, will also provide legal assistance to the victim and the person can choose any advocate from those enrolled in the legal aid panel under the legal services authorities act 1987.
the state will also provide free medical treatment to the victim and provide compensation as per the compensation scheme.
bumbada takes a sweet biteinaugurating the pithe puli utsav, prosenjit chatterjee said, such celebrations help us leave our busy schedules behind and forget our stress and tension.
im on a strict diet, but that doesnt mean i will not have pithe or malpoa.
i would like to thank all those who have taken the initiative to organise this festival.
jewellery cornerfilled with handmade jewellery and artefacts, koyeli purakayasthas stall was a big crowd-puller.
earlier, it was my hobby to make jewellery; later it turned into my profession.
i have been making such items since my school days.
and for the last four years, i have had stalls in this fair, said koyeli.
organiser speakswe are organising this festival for the seventh time.
our chief minister, mamatabanerjee , has always encouraged us to hold festivals that involve a large number of people.
due to busy schedules of people, the concept of pithe puli has almost been forgotten by todays generation.
so, we took the initiative to bring together homemakers who have the passion to make such delicacies.
in the first year, we had only 15 stalls, but this time, we have 82 stalls.
the participation has gone up enormously, said sushanto ghosh, president of rajdanga club, which organised the festival.
chocolate heavenchocolate lovers were seen crowding one of the most happening shops of the fair, which was selling chocolate patisapta.
children love chocolate.
so, we have tried to combine the taste of the new generation with the choice of the old generation.
so, you can get a flavour of chocolate and vanilla essence with the texture of the patisapta, said the patisapta maker, saheli chatterjee.
dignitaries at the festivalapart from prosenjit chatterjee and ena saha , various other well-known personalities were present on the inaugural day.
mango in winterwho says you can get mangoes only in summer?
sukla bose helped visitors savour its taste even in winter.
the culture of making pithe payesh has almost been lost in todays world.
i tried to experiment with the age-old tradition of making pithe patisapta, said sukla.
the unique ones nakshi pitheprice: 20 per piecearea of origin: dhaka, bangladesh ingredients: moong dal, rice powder and sugar syruprecipe: rice powder and moong dal are mixed together in equal measure.
then a paste is made is made out of it.
after that, they are made into various shapes and fried in ghee.
finally, they are dipped in sugar syrup and served.
gokul pitheprice: 10 per piece area of origin: mathura ingredients: coconut, flour, wheat, semolina and sugar syruprecipe: a paste is made using coconut, flour, wheat and semolina.
then the paste is made into a round shape.
finally, they are deep fried in oil and dipped in sugar syrup.
state for law and health, chandrima bhattacharya, actor monu mukherjee, arjuna awardee bula choudhury, director raja sen and many more.
at the programme, the cm felicitated 65 bravehearts - the local youths of panchanantala - who had risked their lives to save amri patients during the december 9 fire.
they were rewarded with medals and rs 5,000 each.
medals were also conferred on 48 city police personnel and 16 other citizens were felicitated for bravery and unusual acts of honesty.
a special honour was in store for mayor sovon chatterjee, who in august this year took a girl to the hospital after she was hit by a car.
the mayor's car was stuck on the road because of the accident and he had come out to inquire.
on seeing the girl, he promptly arranged for medical care and informed her home, at a time when others remained mute spectators.
it was a particularly special moment for the likes of prasenjit sarkar and bappa das - both 18-year-olds living in panchantala - when they got medals from the chief minister.
the accepted their medal with proud yet shy smiles, while some like uttam gupta, monu shah or bubai naiya touched the feet of the cm.
on december 9, these youths had shown unusual courage by going into the amri annexe building, which was full of toxic fumes then, and saved many lives.
sabitri maiti took the medal on behalf of her son sankar, who is in hospital because of inhaling the gas while rescuing the patients.
it was the same with bonomala purkait, whose husband tarit has been hospitalized.
both women wished that their loved ones now get back home as quickly as possible.
we wish we could save more lives, said somnath chanda.
the cm announced jobs for these young men with the green police (those who man traffic along with kolkata police) in the city.
the government will find out if they could be given jobs with the police eventually.
significantly, the chief minister's comments asking police to use lathis and firearms sparingly came on a day newspersons were beaten up in two separate incidents, one of them in front of a nursing home on broad street by a policeman.
he was immediately suspended.
police firing that led to the deaths of two persons recently at mograhat, too, had been criticized by the chief minister.
but it was not only brickbats, there were praises for cops, too.
in some cases, i would say your performance has been very good, she said.
mamata even announced an increase in the prize money for the different categories - the nishtha award would now be rs 50,000 instead of rs 20,000 each, prashansha award would be rs 25,000 instead of rs 10,000 each and seva awards rs 10,000 instead of rs 5,000.
kolkata police's anil kar, ajoy adhikary and nurul anwar received nishtha awards and were among the 48 medal recipients of the city police force.
mamata said there was less manpower in the force than necessary, as there had been almost no recruitment in the city police in the past 10 years.
she extolled the police force that works in such difficulty - from the scorching blaze of the sun to waterlogged streets - to take good care of people.
she said that the government would take care of those who die on duty and those injured.
there would also be jobs for a family member of cops who die on duty.
appreciating the good work of the police force, the cm signed off, i didn't come to take a salute from you, but to salute you.
new delhi: as u-turns go, this must rank among the most breathtaking.
just two days after trinamool congress came around to help congress with the passage of the lokpal bill in the lok sabha, the volatile upa partner reversed his stand to declare that it would not support the legislation so long as the provision in it empowering centre to set up lokayuktas was not dropped.
the policy pirouette that spoilt congress's number game and put bsp and sp under pressure covert their stated opposition to the bill into a vote against it on the floor of house came after trinamool chief mamatabanerjee felt that her colleagues in the lok sabha erred in concluding that an amendment offered by government had the concern about erosion of rights of states.
faced with boss's anger trinamool chief whip in the lok sabha, kalyan mamatabanerjee has offered to quit and chances her that mamatabanerjee may accept his resignation.
trinamool had objected to the provision of the bill which invokes article 253 of the constitution to set up lokayuktas in states.
however, kalyan mamatabanerjee and the leader of trinamool in the lok sabha, sudip bandhopadhyaya gave up the resistance after government agreed to amend the bill to state that the lokayukta provision will not come into force without the prior consent of states.
mamata felt that her colleagues failed to recognize that the amendment did not go far to address the concern that centre's using the article 253 to enact laws on subjects that are supposed to be the exclusive concern of states will set a wrong precedent.
she also felt that the two mps failed to communicate the issues correctly to kolkata and secure the final go-ahead to support the government.
mamata wanted them not to drop their opposition to the lokayukta provision, but she could not get through to bandhopadhyaya and kalyan who went ahead to vote for the bill.
when an angry mamatabanerjee communicated her displeasure to bandopadhyay and kalyan the next day, kalyan offered to resign from his post of the chief whip in the lok sabha.
while mamatabanerjee has not asked for his resignation, she is in mood to accept the resignation if it comes by, it is learnt.
after the goof-up in the lok sabha upset mamatabanerjee , the tmc team in the rajya sabha performed in tune with the wishes of the leadership on thursday, led by party leader in rajya sabha mukul roy and new tmc mps derek o'brien and sukhendu sekhar ray.
the tmc leadership is happy with the way tmc's views on the federal issue have been put forward by the amendments that the party brought in, in the rajya sabha.
the tmc's rajya sabha mps were in constant with mamatabanerjee during the course of the rajya sabha debate and the developments on thursday, but the lack of communication from team mamatabanerjee in the lok sabha has upset her.
with her trusted aide subrata bakshi replacing her in the lok sabha seat recently, mamatabanerjee is not averse to the idea of replacing her party's lok sabha leadership if kalyan resigns from his post.
mamata is in favour of allowing the state's their proper position in the context of federal structure that the constitution allows and even if she is an ally of the upa she would not allow the congress-led coalition at the centre to take control of the states administration and hence she is ready to fight any cause that upholds the rights of the state.
therefore the tmc leader's main objection is against the centre trying to take control of any issue that essentially curbs the powers of the state government.
this story is from february 5, 2019(representative image)download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
hyderabad: the congress party in telangana on monday launched a verbal attacked against chief minister k chandrasekhar rao for maintaining silence on the alleged misuse of the central bureau of investigation ( cbi ) by the union government against officials of west bengal.
newly apppointed chairperson of the telangana congress campaign committee for the lok sabha elections, vijayshanti questioned the chief ministers silence on the alleged intimidation tactics of the narendra modi-led government in the centre.
kcr had gone to kolkata seeking support of didi (mamata banerjee) for his proposed fedral front.
why is kcr silent now when political leaders from non-bjp ruled states have extended their support to mamatabanerjee in her fight against the narendra modi-government.
this is a clear indication that the kcr-led trs has a tacit understanding with the modi-led bjp, she said at a media conference here on monday.
stating that kcr should have stood by mamatabanerjee when she needed the support of non-bjp ruled states, the congress campaigner appealed to people to wake up and realise that kcr will ultimately support bjp if they give their votes to trs in the ensuing lok sabha elections people gave their mandate to kcr-led trs in recent elections.
nearly two months after swearing in as the chief minister, there is no full-fledged cabinet.
kcr is doing homams and yagams sitting at his farm house.
people did not give him their vote to rule from farm house.
if the trs argument is true that people are happy with his style of ruling from farm house, then the entire country should follow this and all cms should rule from their farmhouse, she said.
this story is from february 3, 2019mritunjay kumar, information advisor to cm yogi adityanath: ye up cm ki lokpriyata ka hi asar hai ki mamatabanerjee banerje https://t.
co/2mkdj6cfsk  ani up (@aninewsup) 1549171282000make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
lucknow: almost two months after the mamatabanerjee banerjee-led tmc government in west bengal denied permission to bjp chief amit shah to carry out a 'rath yatra' saying that it could lead to communal tensions, it was yogi adityanath 's turn to face a similar situation on sunday when west bengal government denied permission to the up chief minister's chopper to land in the state.
the up chief minister and state bjp president dilip ghosh were scheduled to address 'ganatantra bacaho rallies' at balurghat in south dinajpur district and raiganj in north dinajpur district.
the incident kicked off a political storm with the bjp accusing the west bengal chief minister and tmc chief mamatabanerjee of being politically vindictive and scared of the party's saffron mascot.
condemning tmc government of denying permission for yogi's rally, bjp's west bengal in charge kailash vijayvargiya said that no state government can deny permission to a political party to carry out its activities.
vijayvargiya claimed that the permission for landing of chopper has been pending for the past three days.
the tmc government though gave permission for the rally since they were being organised on railways grounds, but denying permission was a clear case of political vindictiveness.
back home in up, yogi's media in charge mrityunjay kumar said: didi (mamata) has got scared of cm yogi's popularity.
asansol: the carcass controversy in bengal will have its impact during bangladesh prime minister sk hasina 's visit to kazi nazrul islam university on saturday.
the university will award hasina a dlitt degree in its third convocation.
the university has prepared a special lunch for the visiting head of state, which will incidentally have neither chicken or mutton.
while it isn't clear whether the bangladeshi premier would eat at all, given the fasting month of ramzan, all arrangements are being made.
burdwan's famous sweets mihidana and sitabhog and krishnagar's sarpuria and sar bhaja have found their place in the menu.
the university officials are shy to keep hilsa in the menu due to the lack of good-quality hilsa in bengal.
the special menu for the bangladesh prime minister, therefore, will only have fish from bengal.
university vice-chancellor sadhan chakraborty said, after the recent carcass meat controversy, we are not keeping chicken or mutton on the special menu for the bangladeshi pm.
a special memento, a muslin sari and other university memorabilia will be presented to hasina.
there will be an engraved photograph of her on the specially ordered memento.
both will be purchased from biswa bangla stall.
while governor keshari nath tripathy, the university chancellor, will be present, the university officials said they were awaiting nabanna's confirmation on whether chief minister mamatabanerjee and education minister partha chatterjee would attend the programme on saturday.
the governor will award the dlitt to hasina.
lucknow: giving a fresh impetus to the possibility of formation of an anti-bjp front ahead of 2019 lok sabha elections, bsp chief mayawati and sp president akhilesh yadav will come together to attend the lunch hosted by congress president sonia gandhi on friday.
the coming together of the up's two regional satraps also holds significance in the wake of upcoming presidential elections scheduled in july.
this is the first time that mayawati and akhilesh will come together at any event of political relevance.
in fact, mayawati, who is not known to attend any political function hosted by other parties, had even stayed away from congress-led protest in the past.
a top bsp functionary confirmed to toi that mayawati will attend the lunch hosted by sonia .
the bsp chief will be accompanied by her close aide and bsp rs mp, satish chandra mishra.
akhilesh will also be part of the political congregation at sonia's residence in delhi.
sp chief spokesperson, rajendra chaudhary confirmed to toi that sp chief will surely attend the event.
the coming together of akhilesh and mayawati, political experts said, could potentially open the larger possibility of a grand alliance taking shape ahead of the 2019 lok sabha elections.
both the leaders know the importance of an alliance in the present political scenario to take on a surging bjp,' said a senior sp leader.
just before the up assembly elections results, akhilesh had said that his party was open to an alliance with all secular parties to stop the bjp from coming to power, in an apparent indication of joining hands with mayawati's bsp.
mayawati, though, had then kept silent but the poor election results forced her to give a rethink.
it was subsequently on april 14 this year on ambedkar jayanti, mayawati, while addressing party workers in lucknow, said that she was ready for alliance with any party to counter bjp.
rjd chief lalu prasad yadav and tmc president mamatabanerjee are learnt to have played the role of a peace maker between the two arch-rival in up politics.
in a series of internal meetings with the party cadre, mayawati has been saying that she would review the 'janadhaar' (vote base) of the sp and congress before taking a call on any alliance.
political experts said that the friday event will also give the congress a chance to amalgamate regional outfits into a one big political force to counter the bjp in presidential elections.
puja pandal encroaching upon city roaddownload the times of india news app for latest citykolkata: the state government has asked all police stations to advise durga puja committees not to encroach upon roads.
according to sources, the state secretariat has been receiving complaints that puja committees and clubs are encroach upon roads, creating trouble for locals.
we hope to interact with the puja committees at the earliest so that there are no misgivings later.
the hc orders are very specific and will be implemented, a senior officer said.
generally, chief minister mamatabanerjee , along with senior police officers, interacts with the puja committees in kolkata a month after the pujas.
but this time, the advisory has been issued a good three months ahead of the mega festival.
according to a calcutta high court order passed in 2009, there must be a four-foot clear open space on all sides of the pandal from the property line of any building, boundary wall or any other permanent structure.
the restrictions also indicate that the height of the super-structure cannot be more than 40 feet.
there are several other directions regarding the materials to be used for construction of the pandals.
separate entrance and exit gates must be built in such a manner that in case of fire or other exigency, immediate measures can be taken.
the width and height of the gates will have to be at least 12 feet and 14 feet repectively.
the the entry passage to the pandal to be such that a fire engine would get access without any obstruction.
no open flame can be used within 200 yards of the main pandal and no cooking arrangements would be allowed within such radius.
arrangements have to be made for adequate quantity of water, sand-filled buckets and fire extinguishers.
the rules, government sources said, are applicable to all puja committees across the state.
every puja committee is required to obtain a no-objection certificate from police and fire brigade.
the police also conducts checks on all big puja pandals.
in her first reaction after chidambaram's arrest on wednesday evening, mamatabanerjee quoted rabindranath tagore and said the message of justice is crying silently in isolation.
p chidambaram is an economist, and a former home minister and finance minister.
the manner in which he has been arrested is depressing.
there are four pillars of democracy: democratic institutions, election commission, media and judicial system.
the democratic system of our country is crying, yet the judiciary is not coming to its aid, she said in a statement issued by the trinamool congress here.
she also alleged that media outlets have become spokespersons of the ruling bjp.
chidambaram was arrested by the cbi on wednesday night from his residence here in connection with the inx media corruption case.
kolkata: east bengal and mohun bagan club officials on tuesday called on chief minister mamatabanerjee , seeking her intervention in clearing the impasse over their participation in the expanded indian super league.
banerjee, on her part, assured both clubs of the state government's support, following which mohun bagan officials decided to pick up the isl bid document on wednesday.
east bengal have already done so.
both clubs are against isl's policy of having one team from one city and also want the franchise fee waived for them.
they have also requested the aiff to extend the deadline for submitting bid documents.
new delhi: the opposition used the allegations made by four senior-most supreme court judges against chief justice of india dipak misra to demand a cleanup of the judiciary and to launch an attack on the ruling party.
endorsing the judges demand for protecting the sc to safeguard democracy, the left, trinamool congress samajwadi party and gujarat legislator jignesh mevani came out in support of the comments made by the sc judges.
the cpm politburo said the judges had raised important issues which had a bearing on the institution of the sc.
the integrity and independence of the judiciary, particularly the sc, is a vital pillar of the constitution and non-negotiable.
it is to be hoped that all such issues will be resolved keeping in mind the principles of democratic functioning and transparency regarding the highest court of the land, it said.
west bengal cm and trinamool congress chief mamatabanerjee voiced her anguish over the happenings and said the development made people sad.
she also said the extreme interference of the centre in the judiciarys functioning was dangerous for democracy.
we are deeply anguished with the developments about the supreme court.
judiciary and the media are the pillars of democracy.
extreme interference of central government with judiciary is dangerous for democracy, she added.
samajwadi party president akhilesh yadav , on the other hand, made a more nuanced comment.
tweeting an unattributed poem soon after the controversy broke, akhilesh made an oblique reference to the judges as statues carrying the scales of justice, who rarely spoke outside of their courtrooms, but had finally found a voice to articulate the problems within.
he said, lohe ke ped harey honge, tu gaan prem ke gaata chal, nam hogi ye mitti zaroor, aasoon ke kan barsaata chal.
bejaan yantr-vicharit goongi, moortiyan ek din bolengi, moonh khol khol sabke bheetar shilpi, tu jeebh bithata chal.
freshly-minted gujarat mla and dalit leader jignesh mevani hit out against the voices that questioned the claims made by the sc judges.
if these four judges had ruled in favour of triple talaq or ram mandir, bhakts and media would have made demi-gods of them.
but these judges did not do that.
they exposed the corruption in judiciary, and said how modi repressed democracy.
how will their character assassination not happen?
he tweeted.
this story is from february 7, 2019download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
kolkata: from a back-of-beyond location on the bjps electoral map, west bengal has suddenly emerged as a top-priority state for the narendra modi-amit shah duo in the run-up to the 2019 lok sabha polls.
the banerjee-led opposition is also prime minister modis prime target.
my battle against corruption has ruffled many feathers, including tmcs.
so, they all assembled in kolkata and collectively abused me.
they got together to save their own families and hide their corruption.
i will not rest till the corrupt are punished, modi said in his facebook post on wednesday.
taking the cue, the bjp national president announced at a public rally in aligarh that party workers wont rest until the lotus blooms in 23 of the 42 lok sabha seats in west bengal.
never has bengal been the focus of bjps countrywide campaign as it was on wednesday when party president amit shah spoke at length in aligarh on saradha, rose valley ponzi scams and the bengal cms desperate bid to protect a police commissioner facing cbi inquiry.
she (banerjee) is trying to protect an officer because she fears that he might spill the beans on some scams to cbi, the bjp leader said.
banerjee is going all-out against bjp.
she showed the political vendetta card at the modi government yet again on wednesday, hours after calling off her satyagraha in kolkata on tuesday.
the trinamool chief targeted the centre on enforcement directorates questioning of robert vadra in an illegal foreign assets case.
they (centre) are sending notices to everybody days ahead of elections.
we are going to make a representation to the election commission.
it may be a cheating case or a simple cheat case.
the message has reached her ranks.
trinamool is organising dharnas across bengal against bjp on thursday.
our party will be staging dharnas in districts against the modi government.
the dharna is not against cbi or ed.
it is against the overall policies of bjp government.
people are not paying heed to bengal bjp leaders.
the party is thus hiring central ministers from delhi, trinamool leader partha chatterjee said.
trinamool leaders also organised public meetings in thakurnagar, contai where modi had addressed gatherings a few days ago to give a boost to party supporters.
but while mamatabanerjee is going national, senior bjp leaders and union ministers are making frequent forays into bengal in a bid to cash in on anti-incumbency.
from union home minister rajnath singh to up cm yogi adityanath, all have been touring districts harping on a common narrative  mamatabanerjee is turning bengal into a country within a country where bjp leaders are not being allowed to enter.
in a meeting at mohanpur, former madhya pradesh cm shivraj singh chouhan dared the mamatabanerjee government to stop bjp leaders from coming to bengal.
if you dont give permission for helipads, we will come by car.
if you stop us on road, we will come on foot, he said.
bjp leaders took up grassroots issues such as home for the poor and criticised trinamool workers for taking away the money meant for them.
they also reminded villagers about their plight during the recently held panchayat polls raising the pitch against mamatabanerjee crying shrill over butchery of democracy by modi.
at a time when mamatabanerjee is trying to cement the opposition bloc at the national level, opposition parties in bengal such as pradesh congress and left are criticising her on her turf.
pradesh congress president somen mitra took out a rally against the chit fund scam in kolkata on wednesday.
its a scam running beyond rs 20,000 crore.
people were cheated of their hard earned money.
the bengal cm didnt stage the dharna then.
she broke protocol and went straight to the police commissioners residence to give him protection.
she gave protection to a police officer who has been evading cbi probe into a court-ordained probe.
why is it so?
mitra said days after cpm leader sujan chakrabarty led a demonstration of those cheated in the ponzi scam.
mamata mamatabanerjee (file photo)today marks the third anniversary of the historic day when our govt of #bangla handed over to farmers the parchas o https://t.
co/kh3mgmfbxb  mamatabanerjee (@mamataofficial) 1568428200000kolkata: celebrating the third anniversary of distribution of parchas (documents) to farmers of singur, whose land was forcibly acquired by the left front government for tata's nano factory , west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on saturday expressed commitment to the welfare of peasants and also to promote industry in the state.
the trinamool congress supremo, on this day in 2016, had handed over land parchas to 9,117 farmers and cheques to 806 people of singur and had described the occasion as a historic day.
today marks the third anniversary of the historic day when our govt of #bangla handed over to farmers the parchas of land forcibly acquired in singur, mamatabanerjee wrote on her twitter handle.
we reiterate our commitment to the welfare of farmers, alongside promoting industry.
my humble pronam to maa, mati, manush, she added.
ma, mati, manush (mother, motherland and people) was a political slogan coined by mamatabanerjee before 2009 general election.
it eventually became the signature slogan of mamatabanerjee and her party.
the tmc chief had steered the massive agitation against the land acquisition for tata's nano car factory in singur in 2006.
incidentally, on friday around 60 activists of the students federation of india (sfi) and democratic youth federation of india (dyfi) were wounded after they clashed with police in course of their march towards the state secretariat demanding employment for the youth of the state.
the activists had taken out a rally on thursday from singur, the venue of the abandoned tata small car plant, demanding jobs for the youth of the state.
singur had become the hotbed of west bengal politics in 2008 after the trinamool congress of mamatabanerjee led an agitation against the erstwhile left front government over acquisition of farm land for the car factory.
the tmc agitation eventually led to the exit of the proposed small car factory and catapulted mamatabanerjee to power in 2011.
kolkata: all bengal minority youth federation and the committee of imams in west bengal said on tuesday they do not need special favours from the centre and state governments.
they want the governments to revise rents of the 40,000-odd wakf estates spread over bengal so that wakf board can take care of imams and muezzins.
the speakers, though, addressed the audience on a dais set in white and blue  a mix that is to the liking of west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjee.
the monthly honorarium of rs 1,000 to imams is of little value at current market prices.
instead, let governments update the rents of the wakf estates.
the wakf board can then take care of the imams and muezzins on its own, said federation general secretary kamaruzzaman.
the government pays a paltry sum of rs 600 as yearly rent for the wakf property on which the west bengal assembly stands now.
the union government had passed a bill for revision of rent of wakf pr-operties when indira gandhi was prime minister.
none of the states has enforced the bill, the federation general secretary said.
the body doesnt want subsidy for haj pilgrims from the narendra modi government either.
most of the subsidy is spent to maintain haj offices in states.
the government also takes higher charges for organising flights by air india.
private carriers take pilgrims at a much lower price.
we would urge the centre to leave this service in private hands.
haj pilgrims can go without subsidy, kamaruzzaman said.
this story is from february 8, 2019the ramp will link maa flyover to ajc bose rd flyoverdownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
kolkata: pushed back by 24 hours, the inauguration of the west-bound ramp linking the maa flyover to ajc bose road flyover is now slated for 2pm on friday, when chief minister mamatabanerjee will throw open the connector.
lalbazar has also decided that the park circus ramp used by vehicles to get on the maa flyover towards science city will be made accessible through the day, instead of the 3pm-8am schedule, as was originally planned.
we do not want to restrict traffic to a certain time frame, given that the demand would be high during the peak hours, said an officer.
the police are, however, yet to decide on how soon this park circus ramp would be thrown open.
senior cops, in a meeting with kmda on thursday, indicated that it might not allow traffic on the ramp immediately after the inauguration.
since we want to let vehicles use this ramp through the day, we will first need to study the volume of traffic at the park circus seven-point crossing.
we need around 48 to 96 hours before we can allow the first vehicle to take the science citybound maa ramp, said a lalbazar officer.
officers at the east, bhowanipore and tiljala traffic guards pointed out that the flow of traffic would depend on several on-ground conditions.
once the kmda hands over the ramp to us, we are going to run the vehicles for which we need to be ready.
we can allow the park circus ramp to be used in the first two hours or there can be a 96-hour wait if we feel that we are not ready, claimed an officer.
a source said that before opening the ramp officially, they might allow batches of vehicles from park circus on the elevated corridor to ascertain the impact.
but we do not want to advertise about this exercise, keeping in mind the chaos that ensued when the maa flyover was first opened to public, claimed the source.
there have been various flip-flops from the police side on traffic management on this park circus ramp.
it was initially discussed that traffic would not be allowed on it for a couple of weeks until a vehicle volume study was completed.
it was subsequently changed to an hourly exercise two days ago.
now, it seems the initial plan, without a timeline being set, is likely to be implemented.
it is a dynamic process.
we will keep taking decisions, based on ground inputs.
we will use social media feedback for this purpose, said a lalbazar office.
west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjee.
the fifth edition of the bgbs was held on february this year.
every year the state government would announce huge investment proposal.
it was important to follow up the proposals and give them sufficient time to be implemented before going for fresh proposals.
the next bgbs would be held in 2021, she later said.
her statement comes in the backdrop of bjp accusing the tmc government of failing to bring in enough investments in the state, thus creating a dearth of jobs in the state.
the congress and bjp mocked mamatabanerjee and said the announcement is a sort of confession that the state government has failed to attract any investment in the state.
every body is well aware of her anti-industry image and extortion racket that is being run by tmc in the state.
so during tmc rule, there has been no big ticket investment in bengal, bjp state president dilip ghosh said.
leader of opposition abdul mannan of the congress too echoed ghosh's view and said the state government should come up with a list of industries that have come up in bengal in last eight years during tmc rule.
the cars involved in last weeks accident parked on theatre roadimages from 45 cctv cameras help copskolkata: the jaguar-mercedes crash that killed two bangladeshi tourists on shakespeare sarani early on saturday morning had a dramatic twist on wednesday with one biryani brother replacing another as the prime accused.
cops claimed it was elder brother raghib parwez, and not younger brother arsalan parwez, who was at the wheel of the jaguar that crashed into the mercedes at the shakespeare sarani-loudon street crossing, sending the latter careening into three bystanders, killing two of them and injuring another, apart from those inside the mercedes.
the brothers are scions of the beckbagan-based family that runs arsalan, one of kolkatas most popular biryani and mughlai cuisine chains.
raghib, who had fled to dubai, returned on monday and was arrested from a nursing home near park circus on wednesday.
family members said the younger brother had initially taken the blame out of love for raghib, but the latter could not bear to see his brother arrested for a crime he didnt commit and so returned to surrender.
around noon on saturday, arsalan had turned himself in, telling cops that he was driving the jaguar.
that very evening, raghib took a flight to dubai.
according to police, he returned on monday and got himself admitted to the nursing home.
the cops are now probing whether there was a second person in the car when it met with the accident.
according to the investigators, raghib saw the two bystanders getting killed in the accident and fled the spot.
he ran to mullick bazaar and called up his maternal uncle, md hamza, who rushed over from his broad street home and picked up raghib 20 minutes after the accident (around 2.
10am).
they then drove to a safe house in salt lake.
he took an evening flight to dubai.
hamza has also been arrested.
joint cp (crime) murlidhar sharma said they had initial doubts when investigators noticed no injury marks on arsalan despite the high-speed crash that had smashed the front portion of the jaguar and deployed airbags.
an airbag inflates at very high speed and smashes into the face, leaving a mark similar to a sunburn.
there was no such mark on arsalans face, said sharma.
arsalan was also vague about the route he had taken prior to the accident, firming their suspicion that he was not even in the car.
the cars infotainment and telematics data system  which records the mobile number of those who pair their phones  had raghibs number logged in when the crash took place.
arsalans mobile number also showed that he was not out driving that night.
the cops then used raghibs phone number to trace his movement on the night leading to the accident.
they also used the cars gps system to trace his journey from the house to the accident spot and matched it with the mobile location of raghibs phone.
we got a perfect match, sharma said.
simultaneously, cops scanned cctv footage from 45 cameras between shakespeare sarani and mullick the bazaar crossing and found that the face of the youth fleeing matched that of raghib.
the footage available from the bhagirathi neotia woman & child care centre was very clear and recorded an 85  match with raghibs whatsapp profile picture.
ironically, it was the cctv footage from the parwez family residence that proved to be the final piece of evidence.
it clearly showed that it was raghib who had left home in the jaguar at 11.
30pm on friday.
armed with all this evidence, the cops confronted arsalan and his parents.
the youth was the first to break down, admitting that he was nowhere near the car that night.
the family claimed they were in shock and had not been able to contact raghib who, according to them, had acted on his own and kept them in the dark.
they told us that they had sent arsalan to confess to the crime to put pressure on raghib to surface and own up, an officer said.
raghib flew back to kolkata on monday and got admitted to a nursing home on circus avenue.
when cops confronted raghib on wednesday afternoon, he did not resist.
according to police, the facial burn marks and elbow injury were consistent with what he could have suffered in the accident.
the entire family is now under the scanner for allegedly harbouring raghib and attempting to mislead the cops.
everyones role and motive is in question.
the explanation by the family does not appear foolproof.
we will interrogate raghib and all family members, said sharma.
sources said two angles were primarily being probed: whether raghib was drunk, and fled fearing harsher charges; and whether he had acted on his own, keeping his family in the dark.
cp anuj sharma said the case was transferred to the dd once the needle of suspicion pointed towards the elder brother.
the dd team gathered evidence based on scientific tools and we were able to take the culprit into custody, said sharma, congratulating the team.
kolkata: bangladesh prime minister sheikh hasina and west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on saturday held discussions on a wide range of topics including education, business and culture, but both did not bring up the contentious issue of teesta water sharing in their 40-minute meeting.
it was a courtesy call.
i know hasina di and her family members since long.
bangladesh wants to set up a museum in memory of bangabandhu who spent some time in kolkatas theare road.
it was not expected that a solution to the teesta issue would shape up this time.
for that, the west bengal government would have had to intimate the centre that will take up the matter with the neighbouring country at the meeting, which was not done.
while hasina badly wants the teesta water-sharing treaty signed before the 2018 general elections in bangladesh, mamatabanerjee has her compulsions, too.
the cm, too, cannot let go the interests of half a dozen districts in north bengal that depend on teesta water for agriculture when the lok sabha polls are due in 2019.
political observers saw the meeting as a bid by bangladesh to keep the west bengal cm in good humour and try out a workable plan.
though the cm did not utter a word on the outcome of the meeting, her comments made it clear that she has not closed door for water-sharing.
kolkata: big brands of world fashion like gucci, nine west, zara and marks & spencer may drift away from kolkata to bangladesh, pakistan and china, if the notification banning cattle trade for slaughter stays, claimed the council of leather export on sunday.
the lack of supply of animal skin, leather exporters said, has already dealt a death blow to the rs 6,000-crore industry.
the exporters have now sought chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjee's intervention.
i received a call from the london office of marks & spencer, said mohammed zia nafis, president of finished leather goods section of council of leather export the official asked me how we were going to fulfil the export commitment in view of the notification.
i tried my best to assure them.
but i doubt whether they were convinced.
other brands like gucci, zara and nine west have also started inquiries, he added.
these big brands import finished hide from kolkata, where special types of hides that suit the need of the fashion industry of europe and the us are processed.
the grain and pattern of hide produced in kolkata tanneries is of the very best quality, and is in high demand in european markets.
already, bangladesh exporters have started contacting us for processing export contract, said nafis, a partner of nafis tannery industry.
nafis said that only bengal and bihar can produce the quality of hides that the world treasures.
already, we have made a huge investment to take the export from $13 billion to $27 billion, which we pledged following the pm's make in india call.
but the notification now seems to be the death certificate for the country's leather industry, said ramesh kumar juneja, regional chairman of council of leather export.
the spectre of notification has also cast a shadow on the christmas export commitment, that takes care of 50  of the total year's export.
the export began on september 15 and continues till november 15.
last year, our last leg of export got badly affected due to demonetization.
this year, it will be even worse if the notification is not revoked, said imran ahmed khan, general secretary (h) of clc tanners association.
gopal kumar naredi, who deals in the export of leather gloves, said: leather gloves are only manufactured in kolkata and their export alone is a rs 2,000-crore business.
if i stop getting cow skin, i have to import inferior skin from south africa, and the cost of production will jump many times.
we will lose the edge and the business will go to pakistan and china.
the notification will benefit pakistan the most.
juneja also apprehended that this ban would give a fresh lease of life to cattle smuggling.
if slaughter does not happen here, it will happen in bangladesh.
so, farmers themselves will push the aged cow across the border at throwaway prices and then the same skin will come to us at a premium, he said, adding, the notification will push us into a vicious cycle of poverty.
a farmer cannot sell his aged cow and thus it will be difficult for him to buy a young milch cow.
the milk industry will be hit as badly as the leather and meat industries.
kolkata: the municipal polls on sunday were a low priority for tourists and locals in darjeeling , who gathered in front of the giant screens across the mall on a cool saturday evening to watch the ipl match.
cut to domkal in murshidabad  there was hardly any business in the local market, such is the scare.
if there was a poll-o-meter to gauge the public mood, then the scene in the four hill municipalities  darjeeling, kalimpong, kurseong and mirik  the readings would have similar to daily temperature readings in the municipalities in the plains  pujali, domkal and raiganj  going to polls on sunday.
tell-tale signs of the tension were all too apparent around dakghar and budge budge areas leading to pujali municipality in south 24-parganas on saturday.
auto-rickshaws went off the roads, putting a question mark on what is in store on sunday.
outsiders have checked into several lodges in the neighbourhood, said cpm south 24-parganas district secretary shamik lahiri.
rival bjp is busy holding meetings with activists over poll booth management in a bid to take a pie in this trinamool-dominated municipality.
trinamool, though confident of victory, fears its own men due to internal bickering.
domkal and raiganj are already under the scanner.
the state election commission has already engaged a dg-rank police officer to oversee the polls in domkal to avert violence during polls, particularly after a trinamool chhatra parishad leader was killed in behrampore in the run-up to the polls.
the domkal market put on a deserted look on saturday evening.
dakshinpara residents (ward 16) kept indoors on friday night while miscreants opened nine rounds of fire in the locality.
with police beefing up surveillance on behrampore-domkal road, the supply of arms has shifted to the jalangi-domkal side along the indo-bangla border, and also to bakshipur in nadia.
chances are that a couple of jote (congress-cpm) candidates may ask people to vote for the ruling party, a domkal resident said.
outsiders are also a worry for the poll battle in raiganj, where trinamool is desperate to win a majority.
priya ranjan das munshi loyalist mohit sengupta is leading the opposition camp here.
people fear mobilisation of toughs from the neighbouring villages  chakulia, chopra and itahar  that have stockpiled arms for long.
the scene in the hills is different.
even as bimal gurung's gjm is likely to face a tough contest at mirik from the trinamool-gnlf combine, harka bahadur chhetri's jan andolan party may give gjm an edge at kalimpong by splitting opposition votes.
trinamool, however, is banking on spontaneous support of voters after chief minister mamatabanerjee gave kalimpong district status.
gjm has an edge over others in darjeeling and kurseong, where the demand for separate statehood dominates the minds of the people over development issues.
trinamool has shown its frustration by getting state ministers to seek vote for candidates in a small election such as the one to the municipality.
they are using state machineries to crush the statehood demand.
but people will vote for a separate state, for their land, said gjm assistant general secretary binay tamang.
this story is from october 27, 2018mamata mamatabanerjee (inset) at the inauguration of soujanya, a convention centre that will also have accommodation.
.
.
banerjee announced this at the inauguration of soujanya-kolkata convention centre on friday.
if it comes up, it will add value to kalighat area, she said.
we have received a proposal of the kalighat skywalk and we are examining it, she added.
the skywalk at dakshineswar will be opened on november 5 and the budge budge-maheshtala flyover would be opened soon.
a grand auditorium, dhana dhanye, would come up at alipore, with a capacity of around 2,400 people, she announced.
several new flyovers are being planned to ease the traffic at tollygunge, jadavpur , dhakuria and shyambazar .
for infrastructure development, we now have a budget of rs 25,000 crore, which includes the cost of developing roads, bridges and water supply, she said.
the cm said in delhi's hyderabad house, meetings with foreign dignitaries were held and mous signed, but there was no such facility here.
soujanya will have accommodation facilities.
there are several suites of international standards where country heads or industry captains can stay.
she expressed her desire to stay at soujanya for three nights and asked filmstars to join her.
she said next to nabanna, upanna would come up to house government offices.
she also curved out area for sister nivedtia college.
an international convention centre would be ready at digha beside the sea, she added.
kolkata: bengals panchayat election schedule continued to hang fire as the state election commission, wary after a calcutta high court directive stressing the need for application of mind while arranging for poll-day security, refused to heed the state governments suggestions for a two-day poll.
the state government, officials said on tuesday, suggested a two-day poll on may 14 and may 16 (with result declaration on may 18) as the fasting month of ramzan would start in mid-may.
but the sec, nudged by the calcutta hc to apply its mind when it came to security concerns, insisted on a three-day vote schedule; officials said the sec feared that the 58,000-odd security personnel committed by the state government for 58,692 seats on one day might be inadequate.
it was a petition filed by one of the smaller parties, the party for democratic socialism, that prompted the calcutta hc directive that might have the most significant bearing on bengals rural poll schedule.
pds secretary samir putatunda, flagging off security concerns, told justice subrata talukdar: we do not want to stall the election process.
we want the poll to take place.
but we fear for our security.
the sec is not listening to our concerns.
justice talukdar then directed the sec to convene a meeting of all political parties and listen to their concerns.
i request the sec to apply its mind clearly when it comes to security, the judge observed.
the final security plan, he directed, should be placed before a calcutta hc division bench, headed by acting cj jyotirmay bhattacharya , on may 4.
grievances, if any, must also be intimated to the division bench on the same day, justice talukdar said, adding that he did not want to add to the number of petitions.
the division bench on may 4 will take up another pil filed by bengal congress president adhir chowdhury, seeking paramilitary forces for the panchayat polls.
with the security measures now firmly under judicial scrutiny, the sec, officials said, indicated to the state government that it was unwilling to cut corners.
the sec had earlier written to the state government about the need for central forces, something that was mentioned in its deliberations with bengal governor keshari nath tripathi, and sought from the government a detailed security plan for the panchayat election.
earlier on tuesday, state panchayat and rural development officer on special duty saurabh das met state election commissioner amarendra kumar singh for more than 50 minutes from 1 p.
m.
das went to nabanna and was supposed to return to the sec headquarters on rawdon street after meeting cm mamatabanerjee and chief secretary moloy de.
but those plans were upstaged by what unfolded in the calcutta hc.
cm mamatabanerjee , de and das then spent the afternoon thrashing out security logistics in a meeting that went on till the evening.
das is likely to call on state election commissioner singh again on wednesday with the final timeline.
but the ongoing legal battle that has dogged the panchayat polls from april 10 has left the sec and the bengal government with very little room to manoeuvre.
the west bengal panchayat elections act, 2003, stipulates that there should be a minimum gap of 21 days between the last day of filing nominations (april 23) and the first day of voting, which means that the earliest the polls can be held is after may 14.
banerjee herself highlighted the governments predicament on tuesday.
we want the election to happen early as weather is a factor in some districts; temperatures may rise above 50 degrees celsius after may 10 at places in districts like bankura, birbhum and purulia.
ramzan starts in mid-may and we cannot impose an election on a section of the society during this fasting period.
the sec may have its own way of looking at the situation and may differ with us.
we will not comment on that as it is an autonomous body, she said.
two other court cases came up on tuesday morning but the calcutta hc dismissed both; one was filed by congresss ritzu ghosal and the other by bjps pratap banerjee.
kolkata: st xaviers university kolkatas vision 2025 plan envisages setting up a law school run by the jesuits, a sports complex, beginning of research programmes, seeking another 10 acres from the state to expand the existing new town campus, starting a community college and extending affiliation to the seven colleges running under st xaviers.
the work on this plan will start this may, with the st xaviers management school offering mba on the lines of xavier institute of management (ximb) and xavier school of management (xlri).
we are ready to begin admissions to the management school for the 2018-2019 academic session with an intake capacity of 120 candidates, said university vice-chancellor fr felix raj, adding: we shall offer specialisation in four management subjects  marketing, hr, finance and systems.
since this is the first year, admissions will be based on the scores from xat, cat and gmat.
it will be a full-time, two-year residential course so that students are on campus as visiting faculty may take classes in the evening.
everyone will be able to avail the library facilities and extension lectures can be held.
the management development programmes will be associated with mba.
on may 21, the vc is also set to visit alumnus laxmi mittal in london to discuss development of the campus.
next on the list is to introduce the xaviers law school and a sports academy.
we should also be ready enough to start few new campuses within the state which will be extensions of st xaviers university, kolkata, he added.
the vc is also preparing a proposal to submit to chief minister mamatabanerjee requesting another 10 acres.
seventeen acres isnt enough as we plan to give back even more to the students of bengal.
we have planned to request the government for land within new town, he said.
expansion of the university will mean affiliating institutes, including the seven established ug and pg colleges in raghabpur, darjeeling, siliguri, asansol, burdwan, kolkata and rajganj .
we shall only offer academic affiliation of campuses, the vice-chancellor clarified.
research programmes in various faculties will also be introduced and a community college will be started that will offer job-oriented courses for the local youth.
it will offer certificate courses of six months and year-long diploma courses, he added.
the sports academy will offer courses in ug and pg, and also research in several related disciplines.
the big tournaments in sports are fast emerging as entertainment areas that require trained managers to run the shows.
now, many students are opting to study abroad.
we want them to train here with world-class facilities, fr felix raj added.
santiniketan: bangladesh pm sheikh hasina on friday chose the backdrop of the visva bharati campus to seek indias help in repatriating rohingya refugees to myanmar over 11 lakh rohingyas had taken refuge in bangladesh, hasina said at the inauguration of bangladesh bhavana in the presence of pm narendra modi and bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee .
we could not have turned them away.
we are a nation of 16 crore people.
why could we not feed a few lakh more mouths?
if need be, we will share our food.
but we also want them to be expeditiously repatriated to myanmar.
we (bangladesh and india) have to urge myanmar to take its people back, hasina said.
modi didnt refer to the rohingya issue in his speech, but bangladesh foreign affairs minister nurul islam nahid said both counties were on the same page.
his junior minister, shariar alam, pointed to external affairs minister sushma swarajs recent visit to myanmar, where she had expressed the need for the safe return of rohingyas and even extended help to rebuild villages in the rakhine province.
modi and hasina were present at a bilateral meeting after the inauguration, but diplomats from both countries corroborated that the rohingya issue figured in it as the refugee problem had turned into a humanitarian crisis.
india has refused to let in the rohingya refugees, with some in the central government branding them a threat to national security.
bengals ruling trinamool congress, however, has differed with bjps stand, with mamatabanerjee expressing her sympathy for myanmars persecuted minority last year.
we support the un appeal to help them.
we believe all commoners are not terrorists, mamatabanerjee had tweeted in september 2017.
this story is from february 3, 2019download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
kolkata: chief minister mamatabanerjee on saturday reacted sharply to prime minister narendra modis jibe on her fear for cbi and ed, saying it was the pot calling the kettle black (chalon kina chhucher dosh dhore).
his political career started with godhra riots.
what happened to haren pandya?
victims of the 2002 riots have not got justice.
he lacks humanity and compassion.
just because he was questioned by cbi, everyone else has to be questioned too?
his role in the riots was a known fact, hence he was questioned.
saying that chit funds were created in the 1980s, the cm hit back: why was no action taken till 2011?
they have destroyed the country in the last four years.
we do not need their lectures.
if it is about syndicate, he himself should be at the top of the top.
people are tired of riot syndicate, lynch-ing syndicate, gau rakshak syndicate.
he is the leader of syndicate of the agencies.
the death knell of his government has been sounded.
the expiry date of the modi gove-rnment is here.
he has ruled for five years with the help of cbi, it and ed.
they orchestrated riots and killed people.
i respected atalji.
but many current leaders of bjp are not worthy of respect.
bjp is destroying the country by promoting riots and violence.
democracy is under threat.
agencies are being misused.
political opponents are being targeted, she said.
the bengal chief minister attacked the government for destroying the economy with demonetisation and hurried implementation of gst.
this is a fascist government.
he has no courtesy.
he does not know the way a pm must speak.
his arrogance will soon end, she said.
the opposition parties have one aim  modi hatao, desh bachao.
we organised the united india rally.
does he have any allies left?
he is busy with his own fashion.
he even reads his speeches from a teleprompter.
he is good for nothing.
he promised to bring back black money.
we are in power.
they are on their way out.
they are bringing leade-rs from all over india to address rallies in bengal.
had they given even a portion of this money to bengal, people would have benefitted.
they are driving bengalis out.
biharis and nepalis are also being pe-rsecuted.
nearly 22 lakh bengalis have been left out of nrc.
we will not allow them to incite riots, we will not allow northeastern states to burn, we will not allow sectarian violence.
they have to withdraw the bill.
she added: twelve thousand farmers have committed suicide during the narendra modi regime in india.
demonetisation is a big scam.
jan dhan is a big scam.
rafale is a big scam.
bengal has withdrawn from ayushmaan bharat.
health is a state subject.
so are education and agriculture.
we have our swasthya sathi scheme.
healthcare is free in bengal.
they only speak about welfare of people during elections.
they are copying our schemes, but faili-ng miserably while implementing them.
for example, the budget of beti bachao per state is rs 3-4 crore.
the budget for kanyashree scheme in bengal is rs 7,000 crore.
the centre promised that they will double farmers income by 2022.
we have already tripled farmers income.
we have waived khajna tax on agricultural land.
we have started a new krishak bandhu scheme.
what has he done for farmers and labourers?
bengal has been depriv-ed.
no new trains have been allocated to the state.
the new announcement on tax relief is also a hoax.
the devil lies in the details.
they know they will not remain in power.
hence, they are saying anything they want to.
from the judiciary to the media, no one has been spared.
what is the reason behind this arrogance?
they are jealous of the progress of bengal.
where were they when the state was suffering during left rule?
bjp and left have become one.
dont be surprised if participants at todays rallies are seen at brigade tomorrow.
sagar: the chief priest of kapil muni temple at gangasagar in south 24 parganas has come out against the vhp-rss push to start construction of the ram mandir at the disputed ayodhya site in 2018 saying he is against any bloodletting.
i dont want any bloodletting over the temple construction.
let the temple be washed with milk instead, mahant gyandas said on tuesday, weeks before lakhs of devotees from across the country are expected to flock to this confluence of the ganges and bay of bengal to take the holy dip on makar sankranti, january 14.
contesting the vhp narrative on ram mandir, the mahant said: i dont subscribe to the views of bjp mp vinay katiyar or former vhp leader ashok singhal.
vhp is lying.
the mahants comment assumes significance when the vhp-rss is bent on going ahead with construction of the ram mandir even as the supreme court is yet to hear out the babri masjid-ramjanambhoomi case.
gyandasji instead harped on humanism as the true religion and lauded chief minister mamatabanerjee for championing it.
the cm has done a lot for the pilgrims during the last six years.
she has become a symbol of humanism.
i have nothing more to ask from her, the mahant said minutes after the cm left the temple after offering prayers at the kapil muni temple.
the cm also took stock of development work at gangasagar along with chief secretary moloy de and transport secretary alapan bandyopadhyay.
mayor and minister sovan chatterjee and tourism minister indranil sen accompanied the cm.
the mahant expressed satisfaction over the work done in the locality and also the kapil muni temple.
residents now have access to uninterrupted power supply.
the temple renovation is complete with the entire compound lit up with led lamps.
the sagar unnayan board set by the cm to facilitate the execution of the cms sagar master plan has constructed two lanes for the 30 kilometre road taken by pilgrims and tourists from kachuberia to the mela premises.
a lot of inspection bungalows have come up in the area along with modern hermit cottages replacing the old make shift night stays.
this story is from november 11, 2018file photo of andhra pradesh chief minister n chandrababu naidudownload the times of india news app for latest cityvijayawada: after having commenced consultations with leaders of several anti-bjp political parties, andhra pradesh chief minister n chandrababu naidu wants to bring them all to amaravati to decide how to further cement the alliance and defeat the nda in the next elections.
and if naidu's gamble pays off, the star invitee for the meeting would be congress president rahul gandhi.
according to highly-placed sources, the meeting is likely to take place sometime next month and naidu is hopeful that all the invitees would turn up.
apart from rahul, the other invitees include west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee , samajwadi party leader akhilesh yadav, janata dal (s) leader h d kumaraswamy, dmk president m k stalin, national conference leader farooq abdullah and rjd leader tejashwi yadav .
in all, there will be at least 10 prominent opposition leaders who will take part in the meeting to be convened by naidu, the sources said.
the meeting would lay the foundation for the anti-bjp front.
in his meeting with various leaders, naidu has been advocating a broad anti-bjp alliance which will not discuss the issue of prime ministerial candidate, but whose leaders will jointly address public meetings in various states and act as a cohesive and united opposition against the modi regime.
kolkata: two squalls in a span of 30 minutes accompanied by thunder lightning and rain lashed kolkata on friday afternoon, uprooting trees and disrupting traffic movement.
the mercury plunged to 25.
5c from 32.
5c right after the thundershower.
the met office expects similar conditions through next week, which might arrest the mercury from rising.
eight persons were injured and one person died in various accidents in kolkata and howrah that resulted from the storm.
the first squall struck at 3.
30pm at 56kmph.
when it had started to slow down, the second one hit at 4pm at 92kmph, uprooting trees, electric poles and snapping cable wires.
the highest rainfall was recorded in dhapa  38.
6mm in about than an hour.
this was the second strongest squall this year  the strongest blew through the city at 98kmph on april 17.
thundercloud cells had formed over nadia and north 24 parganas before the cloud column that measured about 15km inched towards the city triggering the thunderssquall, said g k das director (weather) at regional meteorological centre (rmc), kolkata.
the heating is already present, along with enough moisture in the air.
hence, conditions are conducive to more thundershower activities in the coming days.
however, chances are low particularly on saturday, added das.
a tree fell on a car carrying 71-year-old niranjan nayak near ganesh talkies.
he was trapped inside till the disaster management group (dmg) rescued him.
nayak was admitted in calcutta medical college and hospital with a leg injury.
pedestrian koushik singha, 25, was wounded in the leg and head outside victoria memorial when a branch fell on him.
he was taken to sskm hospital.
at sakher bazar, souvik saha, 29, was hit by a falling traffic signal post and was admitted to a private hospital with hand and leg injuries.
in howrahs shyampur, rabin das, 48, died when a mango tree was uprooted and fell on his motorcycle.
on nidhiram majhi lane, a three-storey building collapsed, injuring four persons  two of them critically.
at mandirtala, a brick from an under-construction building fell on the head of 52-yearold shyamal sarkar.
he was admitted to a private hospital in kolkata.
several pockets in kolkata were waterlogged and traffic movement was disrupted in places where uprooted trees blocked the road.
the squall did not spare the state secretariat at nabanna either.
several of the fibre sheets covering the portico in front of the vip gate were blown away by the storm.
chief minister mamatabanerjee was then in her room on the 14th floor.
she asked the disaster management team to find out if any houses had collapsed.
professor krishnendu majhi of goenka college who was returning home to howrah via the vidyasagar setu said the state bus he was in had to be stopped at the middle of the bridge due to the storm.
the roof vent of the bus was blown off by the storm, he said.
this story is from december 24, 2018renovation work began at institution on saturdaydownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
kolkata: the iconic metropolitan institution , founded by ishwar chandra vidyasagar on prasanna coomar tagore street at pathuriaghata, is finally getting a facelift sarva siksha mission has already taken up the project of restoring the grade iib heritage building and the renovation work was started on saturday.
the state government has already identified this school, where an english medium primary section will be started from the next academic year along with the existing bengali medium section.
chairman of sarva siksha mission and primary school council, kartik manna, said: the project of restoring the heritage school was taken up under the initiative of chief minister mamatabanerjee and education minister parthachatterjee.
at present, we are renovating three rooms, where classes will be held from january 2.
gradually, we will renovate and restoretheentirebuilding.
manna also said that the belongings of ishwar chandra vidyasagar will also be preserved and kept on the school premises.
three teachers have already been recruited for the english medium section of the school.
teacher-in-charge ritopa bhattacharya is happy with how things have taken shape.
she thanked the state government for its timely intervention, which will not only save the school but also the ageold building.
she felt that with 25 students, the future of the school looked bleak.
but the decision to open an english medium section and restore the age-old institution is like a ray of hope, she added.
despite being a heritage building, kmc pulled down a dilapidated portion of the burrabazar branch of the metropolitan institution on april7 as it posed threat to public.
but a timely intervention of the residents and the members of purono kolkatar golpo (pkg), a facebook group, saved the building from demolition.
swarnali chattopadhyay, admin of the group, said, it is a proud moment for us as our initiative of restoring metropolitan institution has finally paid off.
we proved that common citizens can do wonders if there is a will to bring about a change.
ellora saha, councillor of the area, said it was her duty to restore the glory of the school.
on friday, i got the news of the schools restoration and was very happy.
since there has been a long-standing demand for an english medium school in the area, i think it will do well in the locality, said saha.
kolkata: they had cheered when mamatabanerjee became the chief minister in may.
a month later, when the new cm sought a list of undertrials languishing in correctional homes across the state, they felt that their prayers had been answered.
five months down the line, they seem to have lost hope.
several hundred undertrials lodged at the alipore correctional home in kolkata went on a hunger strike from thursday, demanding bail or speedier trial.
many of them have been languishing behind the bars for years.
every few days, they are produced before a court and their custody is extended.
in many cases, the actual trials are yet to begin.
correctional homes across the state, including the one at alipore, are bursting at their seams with undertrials vying for space with prisoners.
the alipore correctional home has a capacity of 1,842 people but even senior officials don't seem to have any clue about the actual number of inmates housed there.
as to how many inmates are actually housed there.
it is more or less filled to capacity.
i can't give you the exact figure.
why don't you use your own sources to find out?
a sizeable number of undertrials have gone on hunger strike demanding speedier trial or release on bail.
the exact number of those who have gone on hunger strike can only be found out after officials there count the number of people who actually had food, said ranvir kumar, ig, prisons.
in june this year, kolkata mayor sovan chatterjee had visited alipore correctional home to inspect the water supply system there.
during his visit, several undertrials met him and complained that they have been languishing there for years without proper trial.
when the mayor reported their plea to the cm, she sought a list of undertrials in all correctional homes in the state.
it then came to light that nearly 3,000 undertrials are housed in these correctional homes.
the cm had said that she would concentrate on undertrials who have spent more than five years behind bars.
officials said that there are 171 undertrials who have been staying in correctional homes for more than five years.
there are also 25 undertrials who have already 'served' more than 10 years.
it shouldn't come as a surprise if it comes to light that some of them were arrested for crimes that would have fetched a maximum sentence of a few years.
correctional homes in the state also play host to 727 bangladeshi undertrials, including 123 children, who were arrested under the foreigners' act for crossing over to india without valid documents.
in addition to this, there are 878 bangladeshi prisoners serving sentences.
there are also several bangladeshis who have completed their terms but are living in these correctional homes after being denied entry by their own country.
.
are continuing to languish behind the bars even after completing their terms as their country has refused to accept them.
the term 'jan khalash' has evolved for such prisoners.
the justice a n mulla committee on jail reforms had pointed to the poor conditions at correctional homes and recommended improvement.
the very first encounter of a person with the criminal justice system invokes in him a reaction of abhorrence for and distrust in the criminal justice system, the committee had noted.
it now needs to be seen whether their hunger strike yields any result.
download the times of india news app for latest citymysuru: expressing solidarity with their brethren in west bengal, members of the indian medical association ima ), mysuru on friday expressed their outrage against the attack on a doctor in the eastern state by wearing black badges to work.
however, unlike in west bengal, where a number of doctors refused to attend to work, healthcare professionals in the district decided not to shirk work so as to avoid inconveniencing patients.
ima, mysuru president dr sb prakash said that the whole of the medical fraternity was outraged on learning about the attack on dr pariba mukherjee at the nrs medical college in kolkata.
pointing to the resonance that their protest had found across the globe, dr prakash said, the world medical association has condemned the attack, and passed a resolution against violence at hospitals and all healthcare centres.
the incident reported in kolkata is barbaric.
dr pariba mukherjees condition is critical.
imas national president dr santanu sen has visited all the medical colleges in kolkata, and contacted representatives of the west bengal government, and police officials.
now, four of the culprits involved in the attack have been apprehended.
meanwhile, imas national president-elect dr rajan sharma and general secretary dr rv asokan will travel to kolkata to talk to the resident doctors.
we will demand a law to curb violence against doctors.
doctors from other states will not go to west bengalin the wake of west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee threatening doctors with stringent action in the event of their failure to report back to duty, dr prakash said that the entire medical fraternity condemned the manner in which she had handled the incident.
stating that doctors across the country would not cooperate with west bengal, he added, should the west bengal government request the services of doctors from other states to tide over this crisis, we will not accede to such a plea.
doctors in west bengal are starting to feel insecure, and the central government must pass a law to safeguard doctors, who are being attacked for no mistake of theirs.
we also condemn the statements made by west bengal cm mamatabanerjee banerjee.
he added that hundreds of patients from west bengal travelled to bengaluru for treatment.
other members of ima, mysuru pointed out that doctors in the eastern state were being targetted for no valid reason, which they said was the reason behind many of them refusing to perform surgeries and diagnose critical cases.
this is one of the reasons why several patients come to bengaluru from the state, an ima, mysuru doctor said.
vice-president of ima, mysuru dr sujatha s rao said that the legislation protecting doctors in karnataka had ensured that incidents such as the one reported in west bengal were fewer in number.
jagdeep dhankhar greeted by west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee after taking oath as the new governor o.
.
.
read morekolkata: governor of west bengal jagdeep dhankhar on friday gave assent to the bill the west bengal thika tenancy (acquisition and regulation) (amendment) bill 2019.
as a result, thika tenant will be allowed to make any construction or reconstruction or development of building by himself or in collaboration with bharatia (tenants), keeping intact their respective share.
secondly, the interest of the thika lessee can be transferred to thika assignee with prior approval of the state government.
provisions regarding procedures for transfer of any vacant land or any part thereof, restrictions and procedures for utilization of land, resumption of land thereof for violations of terms and conditions and subsequent use would be essential for betterment of the living condition of the thika tenant, bharatia and thika assignee have been provided in the amended section 6 of the said act.
a new section 6a has been provided in the said act for betterment of living condition of thika lessee and thika assignee.
governor dhankhar has also given assent to the bill the west bengal land reforms and tenancy tribunal (amendment) bill, 2019 on friday, as a result, the tenure of office of the chairman of the tribunal will be enhanced from the age of 65 years to the age of 68 years and the tenure of the office of judicial member and administrative member of the tribunal will be extended from the age of 62 years to the age of 65 years.
image used for representational purposehowrah: a sum of rs 1.
2 lakh , allegedly extorted from workers of mahadeb jute mill in howrahs bally, was returned to them by the trinamool-affiliated inttuc on saturday after they called on the didi-ke-bolo helpline and sought chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjees intervention.
the initiative to return the money was taken by the bally mla, baishali dalmia two years ago, inttuc had taken rs 100 from each of 1,200 workers at mahadeb jute mill apparently to organise a blood donation and a health check-up camp.
the workers and the mill management brought this to my notice recently.
i told them such a move was against the trinamool policy and mamatabanerjee banerjees directive.
i asked the workers to call on the didi ke bolo number and lodge a complaint.
i also got active to ensure that the money was returned.
i told inttuc leaders that they had collected the money to hold a blood donation camp and a health check-up camp but neither was organized at this mill in the past two years.
i made it clear the money would have to be returned or i would complain to the party leadership.
they agreed to return the money.
the workers are happy.
mill manager sarat jha said, the workers had demanded the money back as it had not been spent for the stated purpose.
though it concerns the union, the mill management intervened and requested the local mla to look into it.
kolkata: chief minister mamatabanerjee on sunday slammed the centre for the sharp rise in fuel prices , saying the government was only talking while the people were suffering.
the price of diesel in kolkata shot up to a 16-year high on sunday, with a litre selling for rs 67.
27.
the price touched a high of rs 63.
84 per litre on january 12, following which it's been on a steady upward curve.
before this, it was the costliest on august 31, 2014, when it was rs 63.
81 per litre.
sources said the projected per-litre price in kolkata is expected to rise by 11 paisa on monday, taking it to rs 67.
38.
the petrol price , too, has increased to rs 76.
44 per litre.
this is the highest since august 15, 2014, when it was rs 78.
03 per litre.
mamata banerjeedownload the times of india news app for latest citykolkata: in the wake of the attack on doctors and harassment of model ushoshi sengupta by some members of their community, a group of prominent muslims has written to chief minister mamatabanerjee asking for stringent action against the culprits to dispel the  perception  that they are being shielded or appeased.
we have been deeply concerned with two events that occurred recently.
.
.
the attackers in both instances were members of our community.
.
.
we are grieved and embarrassed, they wrote in the letter.
bring the assailants to book not just in these two instances but in every single instance where muslims are involved.
they should not be allowed to get away because they happen to be muslims (as is the growing perception).
this will send out a message that members of one community are not being shielded or appeased (as most people believe), the 46 prominent muslim residents of kolkata added.
they also requested the state government to engage or encourage engagements with muslim youth and their families across kolkata in gender-sensitisation, civic consciousness and law-compliance, etc.
mudar patherya, a communications expert who drafted the letter to mamatabanerjee , said a government should shun vote-bank politics and address the issue considering the betterment of the next generation.
the moment they start doing that, i think things will start taking a positive turn for us, he said.
another signatory, nutritionist neha hafiz, said there is a need to change the perception that the community was getting more privileges than others.
this is a problem that we cannot deny.
we need to address it, she added.
on june 10, junior doctors at the nil ratan sircar medical college and hospital were assaulted by family members of a muslim patient who died there.
this story is from february 6, 2019download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
jamshedpur: haryana chief minister manohar lal khattar on tuesday said that congress had inducted priyanka vadra gandhi into the party to groom her for a leadership role as its top two seniormost leaders  former national president sonia gandhi and the current national president rahul gandhi  are likely to face jail term in the national herald case.
addressing a bjp yuva morcha gathering in chaibasa on tuesday, khattar said that robert vadra, the son-in-law of sonia gandhi, will also end up in the prison in the dlf land grab scam.
with the apprehension of leadership crisis apparent in the party, the congress high command decided to induct priyanka and groom her for a leadership role.
all the three (rahul, sonia and vadra) are out on bail, but they will be behind the bars soon, he said.
claiming that bjp, under prime minister narendra modis leadership, is making strides, the former rss pracharak-turned-politician said the masses will rally behind him (pm) in the upcoming lok sabha polls.
people are gradually realizing that the mahaghatbandhan is nothing but a platform for corrupt politicians bent on preventing modi from getting another term to save themselves from getting punished and eventually ending up in jail, khattar said.
speaking on the judgment of the supreme court in the matter relating to cbi versus west bengal government, the haryana cm said: the courts ruling exposes the hollow and false claims of west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee , who called cbis bid to question the commissioner in the chit fund scam as an attack on the countrys federal structure.
flanked by the senior state leaders, including president laxman gilua and spokesperson j b tubid, khattar evoked warm response when he welcomed the gathering speaking in ho language.
kolkata: for the first time in four years the state has not rejected the transport departments proposal to increase the fare of buses and taxis.
instead, it has assured to speak to all the stake holders to develop a mechanism that will be helpful to both commuters and vehicle owners.
the government will also look into the white paper prepared by the bus operators syndicate that details the cost escalation of 30 items needed to run the vehicles.
the governments intention to revise fares was felt when, in january, it formed a three-member committee to look into the fare structure.
the committee, headed by managing director of west bengal transport corporation narayan swarup nigam, has already submitted its report to the transport department.
the proposal sent by the transport department demands a hike in bus fares by re 1for every 4km and says the minimum taxi fare should be rs28.
the proposal, which is at present with chief minister mamatabanerjee , adds that the minimum fare for a ride on a private, non-air-conditioned bus would be rs 7 for the first 4km and re 1 extra for every slab thereafter.
the proposal comes after the bus owners gave the government time till june 4 to revise fares, failing which they threatened to pull out vehicles in phases.
tapan bandyopadhyay of the joint council of bus syndicates said that the state government would have to make the logic clear before revising the fare.
the last price revision was on september 2014 and since then the price of diesel has shot up by more than rs 9 a litre.
we need around 30 items to run a bus and the cost of almost all items related to this industry, including tyres, insurance and spares, have risen as well.
but bus fares have remained the same, said bandyopadhyay though state transport minister subhendu adhikary refused to make any statement on the issue, sources close to the government indicated that there is hardly any possibility of increase of fare before the lok sabha polls.
kolkata: chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjees attempts to hardsell bengal received a huge boost on tuesday, with india incs most recognised faces  mukesh ambani and lakshmi niwas mittal  promising to help her make west bengal best bengal and the former putting his money where his mouth was.
at the end of day one of the states flagship investment conclave, bengal global business summit (bgbs), reliance industries limited chairman ambani had committed to raise his planned investment in the state from rs 15,000 crore to rs 20,000 crore, of which rs 5,000 crore of fresh investment was earmarked for non-jio operations.
reliance plans to set up digital service centres in five districts of the state to bring government-to-citizen (g2c) services within easy reach.
ambani took centrestage immediately after the ceremonial lamp was lit, with state finance minister amit mitra referring to him as the tiger woods of indian business.
every time i come here, i see a new kolkata and a new bengal, more vibrant, more dynamic, more beautiful and more optimistic than before.
bengal has said goodbye to the slow growth rate of the past.
it is now embracing the future with the grace and agility of the bengal tiger.
today, west bengal is the fourth-largest state economy in india, growing at 15.
64 .
this is much higher than the national ave-rage, ambani said.
referring to the ease of doing business in bengal, where his company had initially committed investment of rs 4,500 crore but then tripled it to rs 15,000 crore, ambani said a miracle had happened in the state.
bengal today means business, bengal knows that it must prosper, not just for its own sake, but for the whole of india.
didi, under your leadership, west bengal is becoming best bengal!
biswa bangla (convention centre) is a testimony to your vision and mission, ambani lauded.
in two years, reliance has emerged as one of the largest investors in bengal.
jio initiatives have delivered sustained new employment opportunities  both direct and indirect  to over 100,000 people in the state.
mittal, who flew down from the uk to attend the inaugural ceremony, said the city he grew up in was still his favourite.
i used to attend a small hindi-medium school here and dreamt of joining st xaviers.
the principal of xaviers told me that my english was not up to the mark and i couldnt match their standard.
however, i worked hard and won the first challenge of my life not just by entering the school but also passing out from it with flying colours.
that gave me confidence to pursue my dreams, he recounted.
though he did not commit any investment, mittal said bengal had all the ingredients for a business-friendly environment: political stability, physical-cum-social infrastructure investment, skilled manpower and smooth bureaucracy.
mamata-didis initiatives are already yielding results on the global stage.
heathcare and primary education (new schools) are the two sectors where the state has started taking steps.
i feel very optimistic about the outcome, he said.
rp-sanjiv goenka group chief sanjiv goenka, who has major business interests in his home state, said people had begun to understand the value of time and wanted to do business in bengal.
bengal is in buisness, he said, before announcing plans to invest rs 1,000 crore in power distribution over the next 18 months apart from a hospital next to woodlands in kolkata and a new specialty carbon black plant in durgapur.
kotak mahindra bank executive vice-chairman and managing director uday kotak, too, heaped praise on bengals cm.
earlier, the notion was that the east had resources but not the mindset.
i feel it has changed completely in bengal, he said.
future group chairman kishore biyani announced on the podium that his company would increase its staff strength in the state from 10,000 to 15,000 in one year.
we will employ 95  from the below-25 age group and 35  of them will be plus-two passouts.
the best thing that i did in my life is that i had started all my businesses from bengal, biyani said.
cm mamatabanerjee (file photo)download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
kolkata: chief minister mamatabanerjee will be attending the third anti-modi opposition meet on february 26 in the capital.
the opposition leaders are likely to discuss salient features of the draft common minimum programme of a pre-poll alliance against the bjp-led nda.
congress president rahul gandhi is preparing the draft.
the meeting was initially planned in mohali, but later shifted to delhi due to connectivity issues.
the west bengal cm had made the two key announcements in new delhi after a meeting at ncp chief sharad pawars home on february 13.
tdp chief n chandrababu naidu and nc leader farooq abdullah had joined mamatabanerjee at the meeting, which was later attended by rahul.
according to tmc leaders, the oppositions proposed alliance and a common minimum programme will help them blunt the bjp campaign that it was an opportunistic handholding of corrupt party leaders desperate to protect themselves.
banerjee had argued that a pre-poll alliance would put the opposition at an advantage while staking claim to form the government if no party gets majority.
this story is from january 22, 2019stalls being set up for book fairdownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
kolkata: recent incidents of fire seem to have made chief minister mamatabanerjee jittery.
add to this the fact that the book fair had gone up in flames in 1997.
taking no chances, the chief minister has asked the publishers and booksellers guild to set up nine gates at the fair for better disaster management.
every year, the book fair sees a footfall of more than two lakh people per day.
the 12-day book fair will start on january 31.
till last year, there were designated entry and exit gates at the fair, which were strictly monitored for crowd control.
the cm, however, feels that during emergency it may create a problem.
so, she has asked the guild to ensure all gates are kept open for both entry and exit of visitors during the fair hours so there is no restriction in the movement of the crowd.
confirming this, director of the guild sudhangshu dey said: the cm is the chief patron of the fair and is closely monitoring our preparations and this time she wants us to be extra careful about fire hazards.
two fire engines will be stationed at two vantage points and several fire-fighting kiosks will be set up all over the fair.
we are also arranging for at least 25 firemen to move around the fair premises throughout the day in shifts in order to detect any mishaps, dey added.
the guilds theme this year is, buy books and win a book library.
for this, there will be a lottery and four lucky winners will be given a designer book shelf filled with books of his/her choice, worth rs1 lakh.
the guild has done this to encourage people to read books.
much like the toi literary festival that happened in november, the book fair, too, will be conferring a special award to writer manishankar mukherjee, better known by his pseudonym shankar.
the theme country this year is guatemala and two gates will be replicas of architecture from that country.
three halls in the fair will be named after nirendranath chakraborty, dibyendu palit, atin bandyopadhyay whereas the little magazine pavilion will be named after pinaki thakur.
this year, the book fair will have 600 stalls and 200 little magazine stalls.
west bengal cm mamatabanerjee meets union home minister amit shah at his office in new delhi on thursday.
(ph.
.
.
read morenew delhi: west bengal cm mamatabanerjee met home minister amit shah at his north block office on thursday and told him that many genuine indians were excluded from the national register of citizens nrc ) in assam.
she had met pm narendra modi a day earlier.
i met the home minister and discussed the nrc in assam and told him that many genuine indians were excluded from the list.
the cm said the nrc had excluded many bengalis, biharis, gorkhas and even assamese people.
i have given him (shah) a letter with our concerns and requested him to examine their cases, she added.
the final nrc, published on august 31, excluded the names of 19 lakh people.
apart from the subject under discussion, her meetings with modi and shah were seen in political light as well given the heated clashes between bjp and trinamool cadres ahead of and during the lok sabha polls.
shahs rally was denied permission and mamatabanerjee sought to position herself as the key element of an opposition grouping.
this time, the meetings in delhi seem an outreach even as the cm said important issues, including west bengal being a border state, needed to be discussed.
the meetings here were seen as a cooling mission at a time when former kolkata police commissioner is being sought by the cbi in the sarada case.
banerjee also met delhi cm arvind kejriwal and officers from bengal posted here.
she will leave for kolkata on friday.
even bihar chief minister nitishji (kumar) said nrc was not required in his state, she said, adding that she had come to delhi after a long time as she was given an appointment by modi.
meeting the pm and the home minister is a constitutional obligation.
besides, we have international border issues with bangladesh, bhutan, nepal and state borders with bihar and jharkhand.
we also have the sensitive chicken's neck (corridor connecting north-eastern states with the rest of the country).
the cm also discussed digital ration cards in the state.
banerjee said she had informed the home minister how where 1,000 people are expected, lakhs are lining up to get digital ration cards made as there is a feeling of panic among citizens.
we do not work in the air but on the ground, we are attached to the people.
when amit shah  bjps high energy president of legendary electoral acumen  visits a state rival parties sit up.
so trinamool congress has acted quickly after shah camped at naxalbari and other places in bengal: among other things, it swiftly enrolled the naxalbari couple who hosted shah for lunch.
a massive political battle is brewing with bjp looking to give chief minister mamatabanerjee and trinamool a run for their money.
however, thats easier said than done.
in assembly elections held last year, trinamool had won a mammoth majority of 211 out of 294 seats.
bjp was fourth with just three seats.
that said, it is bjp that trinamool is wary of the most.
not only is it the most energetic of opposition parties in the state, the weight of the central government provides the bengal bjp with considerable political capital.
with the saffron party in expansion mode and up firmly under its sway, it now wants to do to trinamool in bengal what it did to sp in up.
and it may sense in bengal a target of opportunity as mamatas policy of coddling muslim clerics  as well as the toleration of high levels of lawlessness  is similar to the sp style in up.
bjp feels it can leverage a hindu as well as law-and-order backlash.
however, what bjp may not have reckoned with is that in terms of her political charisma and stature, mamatabanerjee could well be seen as the narendra modi of bengal.
even as bengal shapes up as a big electoral battleground state, what worked in hindi-speaking states cannot simply be transferred to bengal.
here, bjp may need to cultivate a charismatic bengali-speaking leader who can take on mamata.
all police stations in bengal have also been told to be on alert during the rallies.
i say this as part of community development to avert communal tension.
the cms words came hours before bjp state president dilip ghosh announced that rallyists will continue with the tradition of carrying arms.
rallyists will carry arms as they do while taking out ram navami processions.
i will also be there and carry a gada (mace) in one of the rallies, ghosh said at howrah after a party meeting, days after rsss bengal unit announced that it wont carry arms during ram navami rallies.
the cm, while taking stock of projects in the district, lost her cool when informed that cpm leader and high court lawyer bikash bhattacharya had obtained an injunction from the hc for land-owners of bhabadighi, stalling the laying of the bishnupur-tarakeswar railway line.
raking up a ruckus is cpms only job.
they did nothing when they were in power and are now throwing a spanner in development works.
i will ask the district magistrate to get in touch with the land-losers before i take up the matter, she said.
banerjee was visibly angry over the delay in the project that aims to connect the districts bankura and hooghly.
people want this project.
we have to get it done.
the land-owners have had enough of it.
they have got compensation, an alternative pond, a school.
what else do they want?
the cm said.
as many as four areas in the government sector  public works, public health engineering, karma tirtha and kishan mandi  were ticked off by the cm in the meeting.
the work of pwd is quite unsatisfactory.
the hooghly dm told the cm that nine acres of land at tarakeswar have been handed over to the higher education department for setting up the proposed green university in hoogly.
msme secretary rajiva sinha informed in the meeting that the department has set up 18 clusters for handloom and muslim and a total 570 weavers have been trained and linked to the garment sector in metiabruz.
supreme courtdownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
kolkata: west bengal government will take all steps to comply with the supreme court directive to 10 states, including bengal, on friday to see hat kashmiris living in the city face no threats or violence, a senior nabanna official said.
chief minister mamatabanerjee has already spoken to superintendents of police across districts to tackle such a situation with iron hand.
the cm took exception to the attack on kashmiris at nadias taherpur following which the police went on an overdrive and rounded up five people in this connection.
senior state bureaucrats after a meeting at nabanna following the supreme court directive on friday hinted that the government was already trying to prepare a database of the kashmiri students residing in bengal.
taking the cue from the sc directive, the state will assign a nodal officer in each district to handle such cases and also post his contact number in public domain so that kashmiris in distress can get in touch with him.
next, the government plans to launch a confidence-building campaign among the public and also make them aware of the penal measures police are going to take against perpetrators of violence.
this story is from february 4, 2019file photo of former pm deve gowda with mamatabanerjee banerjee.
(pti)i am shocked learning about the cbi rushing to arrest the police commissioner and subsequent developments in west b https://t.
co/zkw3qncdfb  h d devegowda (@h_d_devegowda) 1549207691000honble chief minister of west bengal #mamtabanerjee sitting in dharna in kolkata clear case of political vendetta.
https://t.
co/xid72feway  v.narayanasamy (@vnarayanasami) 1549223313000make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
bengaluru: former prime minister h d deve gowda has said the massive standoff between the centre and the west bengal government over the cbi's attempt to question the kolkata police chief in connection with chit fund scams reminded him of the emergency days.
the jd(s) patriarch sympathised with the bengal government led by mamatabanerjee and said he was shocked to learn about the cbi rushing to arrest the kolkata police commissioner and the subsequent developments.
banerjee heads the tmc, a key member of the 'mahagathbandhan', the grand alliance, in which the jd(s) is also an active partner.
i am shocked to learn about the cbi rushing to arrest the police commissioner and subsequent developments in west bengal.
the country has faced similar kind of unconstitutional methods during the emergency.
situation in wb is similar to that of the emergency days.
#savedemocracy, the jd(s) national president tweeted.
the congress' karnataka unit too extended its support toeing the party line.
it dubbed the centre's action as anti-democratic and a threat to the federal system of the country.
puducherry chief minister v narayanasamy also extended support to his west bengal counterpart banerjee.
the bharatiya janata party is using the cbi by filing false cases against officers.
it is a clear case of political vendetta.
we all stand with the chief minister of west bengal, he tweeted.
the senior congress leader, who has been criticising the nda government at the centre for not earmarking sufficient funds and also for excluding puducherry from the ambit of the central finance commission all along, said, time has come for the narendra modi-led central government to go.
kolkata: tea toy train = terrific tourism .
take two of darjeelings most iconic things, combine them and voila!
you might just have the perfect formula to bring back tourists.
for the first time, there is a proposal to combine the two biggest ts of the queen of the hills  both making headlines of late for not quite the right reasons  to boost a third: tourism, sluggish after a prolonged period of unrest last year.
if everything goes as planned, the darjeeling himalayan railway (dhr), the unesco world heritage site more familiarly known as the toy train, will tie up with the state governments tourism department to provide tourists a sip and taste of darjeeling tea.
the aim, said sources, is to give tourists an experience similar to that provided by luxury train palace on wheels in rajasthan.
only, in place of rolling sand dunes, the toy train will chug through the verdant expanse of tea estates.
the train will even have halts at some of the estates, and interested tourists can opt to stay there for a night or two to learn all about the champagne of teas: from harvesting to processing, the subtle differences between first and second flush, and even how to prepare the perfect brew.
the proposal, mooted by the railways, was approved last month by ashwani lohani, the chairman of the railway board.
the railways will now forward its formal proposal to the state government, which is keen on the idea, according to sources.
going by the initial proposal, there will be five halts at tea gardens.
each of the five stations could also be branded after the tea gardens.
a number of local youths could be hired to guide tourists, who would have the option of tasting local food, know the local culture, and even buy the finest teas from the estates.
the railways has already appealed to the state government to repair national highway-55, which often leaves the toy train dysfunctional.
tourism minister gautam deb appeared excited at the proposal.
we are ready to extend all help to the railways so that both industries flourish, he said.
chief minister mamatabanerjee has stressed the importance of developing tea-tourism.
so, the railways proposal would be a wonderful extension of our idea of hills tourism.
in fact, without the toy train, no tourism endeavour in darjeeling would be complete.
both the toy train and the tea industry have had to deal with troubles of their own in recent times.
because of its truncated service, unesco had threatened to strip the dhr of its world heritage tag.
in the tea industry, issues like adulteration posed serious problems, not to mention management- and labour-related issues.
a detailed project report is being prepared now.
the railways has engaged conservation architects to restore and rebuild the century-old stations, especially the ones that were badly damaged during the peak of the statehood agitation.
a preliminary survey has already been carried out, said a railways official.
this story is from january 22, 2019pm narendra modi (file photo)download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
mumbai: taking a swipe at pm narendra modi , the shiv sena on monday wondered why the coming together of 22 opposition parties had given him the shivers and told him not to live under the illusion that his government was amar, or immortal.
referring to the opposition's unity at a rally organised by tmc chief mamatabanerjee on saturday, the shiv sena, in an edit in party mouthpiece saamna, said the west bengal cm was taking the modi-shah combine head-on.
most of the leaders who attended the rally, including mamatabanerjee , were once allies of the bjp under atal bihari vajpayee's leadership and there is no need to ridicule them.
modi's government is not an enemy of the country but he should not live in an illusion that his government is immortal, the editorial said.
distancing itself from the coming together of several regional parties on one platform, the shiv sena, an ally of the bjp at the centre and the state, defended the right of these parties to criticise the party in power.
this story is from november 19, 2018tributes to india's former prime minister, mrs. indira gandhi ji on her birth anniversary.
narendra modi (@narendramodi) 1542593227000delhi: sonia gandhi and rahul gandhi pay tribute to former pm indira gandhi at shakti sthal, on her 101st birth ann https://t.
co/upeari6eyx  ani (@ani) 1542595403000homage to indira gandhi ji, former prime minister of india, on her birth anniversary.
national integration week beg https://t.
co/3u2wstfzgm  mamatabanerjee (@mamataofficial) 1542591686000new delhi: prime minister narendra modi, congress president rahul gandhi and several other political leaders paid tribute to former prime minister indira gandhi on her 101st birth anniversary on monday.
tributes to india's former prime minister, mrs indira gandhi ji on her birth anniversary, modi tweeted.
upa chairperson sonia gandhi, congress chief rahul gandhi, former president pranab mukherjee, former vice president hamid ansari and former prime minister manmohan singh paid tribute to indira gandhi at shakti sthal in the city.
congress leaders from rajasthan and former state chief minister ashok gehlot remembered indira gandhi and said her contribution towards nation-building was immense.
paying tributes and homage to former pm smt indira gandhi ji on her birth anniversary.
her contribution towards nation-building was immense.
her great love for the country and dedication towards the welfare of people would always be an inspiration, gehlot tweeted.
homage to indira gandhi ji, former prime minister of india, on her birth anniversary.
national integration week begins today.
as she did so whole-heartedly, let's work together to keep the spirit of 'unity in diversity' alive, the tmc chief tweeted.
congress leader ashok chavan also tweeted his homage to the former prime minister.
senior congress leader randeep singh surjewala quoted indira gandhi and said that her contribution towards building the country cannot be forgotten.
i cannot understand how anyone can be an indian and not be proud.
my humble homage to smt.
indira gandhi who lived and died in the service of the nation.
her immense contribution in nation building and preserving the unity & integrity of the nation shall always be remembered, he tweeted.
indira gandhi, often described as the 'iron lady of india', was born on november 19, 1917 in uttar pradesh's allahabad.
nothing repeats like history.
it is more true for indian politics, than any other sphere of our national life.
patterns, traditions and conventions have been set by congress , which parented the nation from its birth till adulthood.
there is a saying that it is difficult to change what one learnt as a child.
plagiarised and improved versions of congress shenanigans, crafted when it enjoyed the status of pan-indian ruling party, is being now replayed by other political parties across india drawing howls of protests from the grand old political entity.
fortunately, the sc, despite its recently sullied image, rose to the occasion, passed orders to stop 'murder of democracy' and wiped the tears off congress.
the first 'murder of democracy' happened when the jawaharlal nehru government listened to congress president indira gandhi's advice and used kerala governor to dismiss the first democratically elected communist government in 1959.
the governor was b ramakrishna rao, the first chief minister of hyderabad.
he later became an rs mp.
since then, political blood from many murders of democracy by arbitrary dismissal of state governments, in active connivance of governors, has smudged indian democratic history.
the 'murder of democracy' and ' save democracy ' cries have all remained opportunistic expressions of inability to counter a situation politically.
after the dishevelling of bjp 's plans, orchestrated through a conniving governor in karnataka, to usurp power without the numbers, one of the first congratulatory 'democracy saved' messages came from west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjee.
alas!
she had not reacted when the supreme court just a week back expressed anguish over tmc musclemen ensuring no contest in nearly 20,000 seats in west bengal panchayat elections, marred by bloodshed and violence.
may be the brutal 'murder of democracy' on the ground was better than the conspiracy hatched by holders of constitutional posts.
and, may be murder of grassroot democracy is better than murder of democracy in the assembly!
governors' role as the holder of the highest constitutional post in a state has come under scrutiny many a time in the sc.
should their appointment by the union government make them agents of the centre or his master's voice?
or, are they expected to discharge their duties and constitutional functions independently?
four decades back in hargovind pant judgment [1979 (3) scc 458], the sc had said that by no stretch of imagination, governors could be said to be employee or servant of the government of india.
it said: he is not amenable to the directions of the government of india, nor is he accountable to them for the manner in which he carries out his functions and duties.
he is an independent constitutional office which is not subject to the control of the government of india.
these highly exalting words of the sc interpreting the constitutional position enjoyed by a governor did little to change the servile mindset of governors who, by and large, remained blindly true not to the constitution but to their masters, who had chosen them after decades of unflinching loyalty.
to stem the denigration of the high constitutional office of governor, the sarkaria commission in 1987 recommended that persons chosen for the post must have achieved eminence in some walk of life, must be from outside the state, should be a detached figure not intimately connected to local politics and most importantly, must not have taken great part in politics generally and in the recent past.
it is impossible to locate a governor, from the political history of india, who embodies all these four qualities.
probably that is the reason why we have witnessed political conspiracies getting scripted in raj bhavans immediately after a state election throwing up a fractured mandate.
and that is the reason why the sc's friday order directing floor test in karnataka was identical to the one passed by it in 2005 for jharkhand [2005 (3) scc 152] when governor and former congress politician sibtey razi denied bjp's arjun munda the invitation to for m government despite commanding a clear majority.
irked by another congressman-turned governor buta singh denying nitish kumar-led coalition an invitation to form government, the sc in rameshwar prasad case [2006 (2) scc 1] had wished that the government and political parties had given importance to the sarkaria commission recommendation on eligibility criteria for persons getting appointed as governors.
it had said: unfortunately, the criteria has been observed in almost total breach by all political parties.
it is seen that one day a person is in active politics in as much as he holds the office of the chief minister or party post and almost on the following day, or in any case, soon thereafter the same person is appointed as the governor in another state with hardly any cooling off period.
ordinarily, it is difficult to expect detachment from party politics from such persons while performing constitutional functions as governor.
the sc went on to appeal to the wisdom of political parties and their leaders to discuss and debate and arrive at, if possible, a national policy and some common minimum parameters applicable acceptable to all major political parties.
more than a decade has passed since the sc registered this appeal to political parties.
nothing has changed.
the loyal party soldiers continue to adorn the governor's posts and serve as agents of the political party holding the reins at the centre.
their active participation in the 'murder of democracy' is challenged in the sc from time to time.
and the political parties, take turn, to shed crocodile tears for 'murder of democracy'.
file photokolkata: west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee wednesday accused the bjp of indulging in horse-trading in karnataka and claimed that rebel congress mlas of the southern state were locked up in mumbai.
claiming that the constitution is in danger, the tmc president said, we condemn this arrogant attitude (of the bjp).
we just got to know from the media that congress mlas are locked up.
they are preventing media from entering the area.
she alleged that mediapersons were not allowed where the congress mla are locked up and some agencies were helping the ruling party at the centre.
democracy will lose if horse-trading continues, the trinamool congress chief said, adding, our constitution is in danger, our federal structure is in danger.
it's a constitutional break down.
we support the regional parties and others.
.
.
in a fresh jolt to the wobbly congress-jds coalition government in karnataka, two congress legislators, housing minister m t b nagaraj and k sudhakar, tendered their resignations wednesday to the speaker, taking the number of disgruntled mlas who have quit to 16.
the development comes even as state water resources minister d k shivakumar, who is the congress' troubleshooter, was detained and sent packing back to bengaluru from mumbai, where he was prevented by police from meeting the rebel mlas.
the coalition faces the threat of losing majority in the assembly if the resignations are accepted as its current tally is 116 in the 224-member house.
banerjee advised the bjp to concentrate on working for the country instead of trying to topple state governments run by parties opposed to it.
i do not understand why they are so greedy.
why they are in such a hurry to capture all states.
this is dirty politics.
after karnataka, they (the bjp) will turn to madhya pradesh, rajasthan .
is it their job to break governments?
she posed.
wondering whether the country was heading towards a presidential form of governance, the chief minister said all parties and media should unite and fight the bjp.
this story is from october 28, 2018download the times of india news app for latest cityhyderabad: andhra pradesh chief minister and tdp president n chandrababu naidu stole a march over his telangana counterpart and trs chief k chandrasekhar rao by taking guard to bring together a non-bjp front.
in fact, it was kcr who took the initiative to cobble up a federal front a few months ago by talking to senior leaders at the national level, but has gone silent in the last one month.
the recent knife attack on ysr congress president jaganmohan reddy at visakhapatnam airport gave naidu another reason to rush to delhi to complain against the centre and also to strengthen his ties with leaders of various political parties, sources aver even as kcr got busy with assemblt elections.
after he began his federal front mission, kcr met west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee of the trinamool congress, samajwadi party leader and former up cm akhilesh yadav, former pm and janada dal leader deve gowda and his son hd kumaraswamy in karnataka and dmk leader mk stalin in tamil nadu however, it appears that kcr had applied brakes for his mission as national-level leaders saw it as a political gameplan to bring together parties that could support the bjp after the next lok sabha elections in the event of the saffron party falling short of a majority.
kcr, however, stoutly denied any such plans.
he had announced after the dissolution of the assembly on september 6 that he would continue with his efforts at knitting a non-bjp and non-congress front at the centre.
his planned meet with odisha cm naveen patnaik, however, has not materialised so far.
kolkata: days ahead of a proposed meeting between sonia gandhi and chief minister mamatabanerjee over fielding a secular candidate for the presidential polls, west bengal pradesh congress president adhir chowdhury wrote to the congress president against taking this understanding with trinamool congress beyond the presidential polls.
chowdhury wants to continue with the no-alliance policy with trinamool in west bengal, while he has nothing against roping in all the opposition parties over the presidential polls.
alleging tmc was soft on bjp-rss, he complained that the ruling party was acting more as an enabler for the saffron brigade in the state.
in his letter, he alleged that congress councillors were being intimidated and arm-twisted to defect.
in pujali municipality, congress councillors had to switch over to tmc.
in raiganj, tmc has engineered defection of five congress candidates before filing nomination, wrote chowdhury.
he has also pointed to pressure tactics being put in place by trinamool at domkal in murshidabad.
incidentally, congress had left front as an ally in the three municipal areas.
at a press conference, congress state general secretary om prakash mishra claimed his party had gained strength in the last state assembly election.
congress and left front secured around 39  of the vote while tmc bagged 45 .
this clearly puts congress and its allies in the state in a much stronger position, he said.
incident at murshidabad is sad.
i have asked my official to take a note of the situation.
i announce rs 5 lakh ex-gratia for the next of the kin of the deceased: #westbengal cm mamatabanerjee on accident where a bus fell into bhairab river in murshidabad's daulatabad amp;  ani (@ani) january, 2018kolkata: at least seven persons were killed and a number of others got injured when a bus, carrying over 50 passengers, plunged into a river due to poor visibility in murshidabad district in west bengal on monday.
the bus, carrying at least 55 passengers, fell into the river bhagirathi in murshidabad district in west bengal.
at least 50 passengers are feared to be trapped inside the bus, which was going from karimpur to malda.
chief minister mamatabanerjee rushed to the spot along with transport minister subhendu adhikari and announced a compensation of rs five lakh each to the bereaved families.
incident at murshidabad is sad.
i have asked my officials to take a note of the situation.
i announce rs 5 lakh ex-gratia for the next of the kin of the deceased, news agency ani quoted mamatabanerjee as saying on its twitter handle.
so far the bus could not be spotted in the river.
due to absence of trained divers, the rescue operation has been hit, locals claimed.
so far, only seven bodies, including a child, have been found from the river.
the injured have been admitted to murshidabad medical college and hospital here.
preliminary probe reveals that due to dense fog, there was poor visibility.
the bus driver, apparently, lost control over the vehicle.
a boat which was in the mid-stream began the rescue operation.
ten passengers who could manage to get out of the bus were rescued.
one of the rescued passengers claimed that the bus driver was speaking over his mobile phone when the accident took place.
photo courtesy: eisamayirked by delay in rescue operation, an enraged mob went on a rampage and torched two police jeeps and damaged a fire tender.
a rapid action force has been deployed to control the situation.
bengal transport minister suvendu adhikari and additional chief secretary (transport) alapan bandyopadhyay along with additional director general (traffic) have rushed to the spot in a helicopter from kolkata after the chief minister instructed them to go to the spot to supervise the rescue operation.
national disaster rescue force had also been asked to reach the spot from north 24-parganas.
kolkata: in the face of mounting criticism, chief minister mamatabanerjee on tuesday defended the decision to rename the state 'paschimbanga'.
speaking in the assembly, she argued it could hardly be described as a change of name as 'paschimbanga' was already in vogue, and even in administrative use.
mamata admitted her personal choice was bangabhoomi.
cpm had favoured 'bangla'.
the chief minister said the government had offered three alternatives: bangabhoomi, bangla and banga pradesh.
but how is that trinamool, with 184 mlas, and cpm, with 40 legislators, gave in to the choice of rsp (7 mlas), forward bloc (11 mlas) and congress (40 mlas) in favour of paschimbanga?
mamata's statement indicates the state government will not budge from renaming the state paschimbanga.
it helped build public opinion in favour of the initiative but now it is time to forget the controversies, she said.
what is wrong if a good decision is taken in 10 minutes?
she asked.
toi launched a campaign to get rid of the 'west' tag as soon as it was known that the state government had decided to rename the state.
we offered four choices - banga, bangla, banga pradesh and bengal - and readers voted overwhelmingly for bengal.
mamata received kudos from other political parties on the floor of the assembly when she made her unscheduled statement on tuesday.
leader of the opposition, surjya kanta mishra, and congress legislature party chief mohammed shorab said they fully supported paschimbanga.
mishra even urged the state government to take the necessary steps to complete the formality for the name-change as it would require an amendment of the constitution.
mamata argued it would not be proper to ignore the wisdom of politicians and listen only to intellectuals and experts.
we respect the opinion of people who are intellectually and technically superior.
but politicians, too, are in touch with the sentiments of the common people, she said, claiming people from places like midnapore, burdwan, bankura and purulia had appreciated the new name.
mamata said the views of kolkata weren't necessarily that of the rest of bengal.
sitting in kolkata, we can't pass judgment on what the entire state is thinking about 'paschimbanga', she pointed out.
we appreciate opinions reflected on facebook and twitter.
we are not against these social networking sites.
but not everyone in the state is glued to these sites, she argued on a day 28,000 netizens voted on the paschimbanga debate on facebook, with 93  saying 'no'.
the cm said the name 'pashchimbanga' was first proposed in the assembly by the left front on july 20, 1999.
the left later changed its choice to 'bangla'.
she emphasized that discarding 'west bengal' in favour of paschimbanga was in no way meant to create a chasm between english and bengali.
we are not against the english language.
we want to strengthen the study of english in primary education.
but the fact that we love english does not mean we will not attach any importance to bengali, the cm said.
we love all languages.
we will apologise if this has hurt anyone.
it is not an attempt to forge a divide based on language.
the change from 'west bengal' to 'pashchimbanga' has a valid reason, just as the earlier change from 'calcutta' to 'kolkata' had a historical reason, she claimed.
otherwise why should bombay change to mumbai and madras to chennai, she asked.
the government can't take its decisions on the basis of a campaign.
there may be opinions.
some politicians know bengali, others cannot speak in bengali.
but this decision was not influenced by any political opinion or colour, it was a unanimous decision.
i beg the pardon of those who do not share our view.
please do not misunderstand us.
this story is from february 6, 2019download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
new delhi: putting an end to the bengal governments resistance to the cbis efforts to interrogate kolkata police chief rajeev kumar in connection with chit fund scams, the supreme court asked the ips officer on tuesday to appear before the agency for questioning in shillong and faithfully cooperate with the investigating agency at all times, but restrained the cbi from arresting him.
against the backdrop of sundays confrontation betw-een the cbi and the kolkata police, a bench of cji ranjan gogoi and justices deepak gupta and sanjiv khanna acceded to attorney general k k venugopals request for a neutral venue to question the police commissioner.
to avoid any unnecessary controversy, we direct the commissioner of police to appear before the investigating agency in shillong, meghalaya, on such dates as may be fixed, the bench said, disregarding strong objections by bengal counsel a m singhvi who accused the cbi of working to promote bjps political plans for the state.
the distance between kolkata and shillong is more than 1,100km and the flight time is one and a half hours.
the order was welcomed by both west bengal cm mamatabanerjee and bjp, who both claimed a win.
we are so grateful and obliged to the supreme court.
she later called off her sit-in.
union minister smriti irani viewed the sc order differently, calling it a tight slap on the west bengal governments face which had put an end to mamatabanerjee banerjees political histrionics.
the sc also issued notices to chief secretary malay de, dgp virendra and rajeev kumar on a petition filed by the cbi seeking initiation of contempt of court proceedings against them for violating three orders of the apex court since the probe was transferred to the central agency on may 9, 2014.
the sc order came after the cbi levelled allegations of conniving with accused persons and destruction of crucial material evidence against kumar.
arguing for contempt proceedings to be launched against the chief secretary, the dgp and the kolkata police chief, the cbi cited the orders of the sc, which had directed the state police to cooperate with the agencys probe into chit fund scam cases and to not harass cbi officers.
the bench asked the three to submit their responses before february 18, keeping them guessing on whether they would be summoned to appear personally before the court on february 20.
on consideration of the replies of the three authorities, the court may require their personal presence on february 20, which, if required, would be intimated to the officers concerned by the supreme courts secretary general on february 19, the cji-led bench ordered.
the cbi, in its contempt petition filed through advocate r balasubramanian, narrated the persistent pressure tactics and non-cooperative attitude adopted by state police causing impediments in the investigation.
solicitor general tushar mehta said the detention of 25 cbi personnel who had gone to question the kolkata police commissioner on sunday on specific information that evidence could be tampered with showed the scant regard the state police had for the scs directions to cooperate with the cbi.
drawing the courts attention to the dgp, additional dgp and kolkata police commissioner joining banerjees dharna outside the commissioners residence immediately after the cbi team was rounded up by kolkata police, mehta said, such conduct by officials in uniform points to complete anarchy prevailing in kolkata.
it is most unfortunate that the elected head of the state, along with dgp and other officials, who were obliged to cooperate with the cbi, openly flouted the scs orders.
a few minutes into the hearing on tuesday, the bench proposed to direct kumar to appear before the cbi in shillong for questioning.
it was opposed tooth and nail by singhvi, appearing for west bengal.
singhvi said, it is unfortunate that just two days after the pm addresses a political rally in the state, the cbi takes up a politically motivated exercise.
the cbi move to send a large team to question the police commissioner is nothing but to harass him and unleash the centres political vendetta in a state ruled by a party opposed to it.
if the cbi was so keen to question the commissioner, why did it not approach the calcutta hc?
after all, the sc had directed the cbi to approach the hc in case it faced any difficulty in the investigations.
the bench brushed aside the objections and said, what are you trying to say?
we do not know what can be the problem in what we are proposing.
singhvi said the problem was that the cbi was seeking the surrender of the police commissioner.
the bench said, you are assuming far too many things.
we have understood what you are seeking.
our orders will take care of your apprehensions.
nrs junior doctors celebrate with one of their representatives on mondaydownload the times of india news app for latest citykolkata: on monday afternoon, shanti guchait took a big decision and a small step.
.
.
into the camp of junior doctors protesting at nrs medical college and hospital, not to make yet another appeal to treat her husband, who had fractured his leg, but to watch live the meeting of their representatives with chief minister mamatabanerjee , because she knew the welfare of thousands of patients hinged on its outcome.
guchait was not alone.
several patients and their relatives  even police personnel  joined junior doctors and interns at nrs to watch the meeting live between 31 representatives from government hospitals and the cm on a big television screen, especially set up in front of the enquiry enclosure of the hospital, so that everybody could watch the deliberations.
many patients and their relatives sat beside the junior doctors to watch the meeting on television.
big speakers were brought in, so that those who were unable to watch could at least hear the goings-on.
patients, their families, junior doctors, interns, group d staff and even private security personnel joined in the jubilations when the junior doctors returned from nabanna, indicating how desperate everybody was for this stalemate to end.
people carried the doctors on their shoulders and took them to the academic building, shouting amra lokkhi chhele (we are good boys).
government hospitals had not been dispensing medical services  except emergency services  for the past one week due to a strike by junior doctors and interns in protest against a murderous attack on junior doctors, and demanding more security for themselves.
one of their pre-conditions for the meeting was to broadcast the proceedings live.
guchait said: doctors have been denying us treatment, so it was a big decision to join them.
but a lot hinges on this meeting.
hundreds of patients are lying unattended at nrs itself.
thousands are languishing in other hospitals.
the condition is worse in the districts.
i am hopeful that this meeting will throw up some solutions but also anxious, in case it doesnt.
it was not only the patients and their relatives.
even the striking junior doctors knew how important the meeting was for their movement.
from confrontational till sunday to reconciliatory on monday, there was a marked change inside the camp since the morning.
from raising anti-administration slogans to talking in hushed tones, inquiring whether junior doctors are going to nabanna for the meeting, the change in approach was evident.
as soon as the bus ferrying 32 junior doctors left for nabanna at 3.
10pm, a big tv screen was set up.
junior doctors from all over the campus assembled to watch the proceedings.
many who could not get close to the tv started watching the live-stream on their mobile phones.
we want to make it clear that we do not want the patients to suffer.
we feel the pain when we turn away somebody who needs our attention.
but this time we had to put our foot down.
we want to resume work as soon as possible.
the public perception is changing.
people who were earlier sympathetic towards our cause are starting to get upset.
a lot hinges on this meeting, which will decide the future course of our movement, said soumya ghosh, an intern at nrs.
the relation of trust and dependence between doctors and patients became the collateral damage of the strike.
though most people sympathised with the doctors demands, they were upset at patients being denied treatment.
as time lapsed and no hope of a breakthrough emerged, the public mood had started to change.
till now, the government would create a green corridor for transporting organs for donations and critically ill patients.
today, one was created to take the team of junior doctors to nabanna.
this itself shows how much was hinging on this meeting with the chief minister, said an intern after the representatives returned to a rousing welcome.
west bengal chief minister and trinamool congress chief mamatabanerjee banerjee.
(ap)new delhi: west bengal chief minister and trinamool congress chief mamatabanerjee on tuesday declined an invitation by the parliamentary affairs minister for a meeting of chiefs of all parties with prime minister narendra modi scheduled for wednesday on the issue of 'one nation, one election'.
instead, mamatabanerjee suggested that the centre prepare a white paper on the issue of one nation, one election or simultaneous elections in the country, instead of going about the sensitive and important issue hurriedly.
modi has invited heads of political parties for a meeting on june 19 to discuss several issues, including the one nation, one election idea, the celebration of 75 years of independence in 2022 and the 150th birth anniversary of mahatma gandhi this year.
the meeting will be followed by a dinner-meeting with all the mps on june 20.
banerjee, who had skipped a niti aayog meeting last saturday and also stayed away from the swearing-in ceremony of prime minister modi on may 30, had called the niti aayog meeting fruitless, as it had no financial implications for the states.
a proper response on such a sensitive and serious subject like one country, one election in such a short time would not do justice to the subject.
the matter requires consultations with constitutional experts, election experts and above all, the party members.
instead of doing the matter hurriedly, i would request you to kindly circulate a white paper on the subject to all political parties, inviting their views by providing adequate time.
if you only do so, we will be able to give concrete suggestions on this important subject, she wrote back, while excusing herself from the meeting.
the tmc chief further stated that regarding the development of aspirational districts, her party had already conveyed that they were not in favour of the selection of a few districts as it would not conform to the overall objective of achieving a balanced and uniform development of all the districts of the state.
our state is committed to ensuring social and economic development of all districts uniformly so that regional imbalances do not arise, she said.
banerjee said she and her party would wholeheartedly participate in the celebrations of 75 years of independence and the 150th birth anniversary of mahatma gandhi, but added that on the ways to improve the productivity of parliament, the parliamentary ministry might consult all political parties.
whatever is decided by all the parties, we will agree, she wrote in the letter.
banerjees decision to stay away from wednesday's meeting comes against the backdrop of heightened tussle between the ruling party and bjp in bengal after the saffron party made inroads into the state, that was so far out of bounds for it.
with 22 lok sabha members, tmc is the fourth-largest party in the lower house of parliament, along with the jagan mohan reddy led ysr congress, which also has 22 members.
with 303 mps, the ruling bjp is the largest party in lok sabha, followed by congress (52) and dmk (23).
this story is from january 31, 2019file photo of mamatabanerjee banerjeedownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
rampurhat: mamatabanerjee on wednesday dared bjp president amit shah to either prove she had profited by even a single paisa from the sale of her paintings or quit politics.
if he can prove what he claimed, i will quit politics or else he should quit, the west bengal chief minister told a packed crowd in birbhums rampurhat.
taking a dig at the painting sales, shah had alleged that the paintings were bought by ponzi firm owners.
how much do you think a painting can fetch?
thousands or lakhs may be.
but mamatajis paintings were sold for crores.
all such paintings were bought by chit-fundwalas, the bjp leader claimed and added these ponzi firm owners enjoyed immunity in the state.
i need a character certificate from people.
you prove i have taken a single paisa from my paintings.
i challenge you.
these people are uncivilised and ill-mannered.
and yet, they have the audacity to say these things.
they do not even know minimum political courtesy.
we have already filed a defamation case, mamatabanerjee added, referring to state minister chandrima bhattacharya sending shah a defamation notice within hours of his painting-sale jibe.
bhattacharya asked the bjp president to prove his charges or retract them and apologise publicly or face legal steps.
and never try to intimidate (us) by cbi or other central agencies, the cm said.
the mirror you show us today can be turned back on you later.
a probe is needed in rafale (deal), demonetisation and gst, she added.
naveenji (odisha cm naveen patnaik) yesterday spoke about an attempt (by the centre) to run a parallel administration in the state.
i completely support him, she further said.
what they do not realise is their expiry date is due in a month and then it will lead to their political expiry.
invoking bengali pride, the cm said: these leaders from delhi are not only unaware of bengals history and heritage but they lie.
kanyashree in bengal was started in 2013.
we spent rs 7,000 crore on it.
their beti bachao and beti padhao was started in 2015 with a mere rs 100 crore.
this works out to 3 paisa for every girl child in india.
they claim people face trouble organising durga puja and saraswati puja in bengal.
do they know what they are speaking of?
and they even get income tax department to slap notices on durga puja organisers (in kolkata).
now, they threaten to drive some people out of bengal.
let them even lay a finger on anyone.
i will stand guard for you.
she quoted abraham lincoln to say you can fool all the people some of the time and some of the people all the time, but you cannot fool all the people all the time.
this story is from february 15, 2019kolkata chief minister mamatabanerjee at a press conference in delhi on thursday.
download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
never underestimate them.
in my state, congress and cpm are fighting against us.
but in delhi, i have heard aap is willing to fight along with congress.
it is now for aap and congress to decide.
aap leader arvind kejriwal also said putting up two candidates against bjp in delhi will only weaken the challenge even as he noted that congress had almost ruled out an alliance.
they have almost said no to alliance, he told reporters.
asked if aap is desperate for a tie-up with congress in delhi where all seven seats are held by bjp, kejriwal said any division of non-bjp votes will only benefit the saffron party.
it is very important that only one candidate is put up against bjp so that votes do not get divided.
all parties should understand this, he said.
if two candidates fight against bjp in delhi, bjp will get the benefit.
in up, if a third candidate is fighting apart from sp and bsp, it will benefit bjp.
the chief minister's comments reflect an undercurrent of unease in aap over taking on bjp in a triangular contest and a wish to retrieve relations with congress that were damaged by a controversial resolution in the delhi assembly that demanded the recall of the bharat ratna given to late pm rajiv gandhi for the alleged complicity of the party in the 1984 anti-sikh riots.
the resolution was scrapped but not before an enraged congress ruled out a tie-up with aap that had been under discussion.
congress chief rahul gandhi's said, we will compete with each other as well, an indication that his party was willing to go it alone in both states.
west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjee.
(ani)kolkata: west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on wednesday accused the centre of delaying payments for the 100-day rural job scheme and restricting works under the programme.
she also claimed the state was ranked on the top in work under the mahatma gandhi national rural employment guarantee act (mnrega), against all odds.
there had been delay for payments by at least three months and that even extends to six months, which is causing problems, she said.
the flagship programme of mgnrega is a demand-driven employment scheme and provides supplementary means of livelihood to people in rural areas, primarily during lean periods.
banerjee also said west bengal topped in building houses and constructing roads.
with active support from state irrigation, panchayats, and fisheries departments, three lakh water bodies have been dug, she added.
file photokolkata: west bengal bjp president dilip ghosh on saturday criticised chief minister mamatabanerjee for attacking the saffron party over chandrayaan-2 programme, saying she is fond of finding fault with everything the country is proud of.
at the assembly on friday, mamatabanerjee had hit out at the bjp-led government at the centre for allegedly trying to take credit for the moon mission.
on saturday, the trinamool congress supremo posted a tweet congratulating isro scientists for the feat.
talking to reporters, ghosh said it appears that the tmc chief is fond of finding fault with everything the country is proud of - the scrapping of article 370 , the balakot air strike or chandrayaan-2.
chandrayaan-2 made the chest of every patriotic indian swell with pride.
but the only exception seems to be people like mamatabanerjee , ghosh said.
reacting to his comment, senior trinamool congress leader and minister rajib mamatabanerjee said, we are proud of our scientists, we are proud of the achievement of isro.
but we object to the way the bjp is attempting to project chandrayaan-2 as the achievement of prime minister narendra modi .
in the early hours of saturday, isro's plan to soft-land chandrayaan-2's vikram module on the lunar south pole did not go as per the script.
the lander lost communication with ground stations during its final descent, isro officials said in bengaluru, adding that the orbiter of chandrayaan-2 -- second lunar mission -- remains healthy and safe.
malda: a 13-year-old girl attending a wedding ceremony earlier this year had noticed the bride couldn't possibly be an adult.
instead of taking part in the revelry, she raised her voice against the marriage and informed the administration.
the marriage had to be stopped and the teenager  beauty khatun  became the brand ambassador for the district's anti-child marriage campaign.
but ironically, beauty is now being hounded and she has stopped going to school, fearing assault by local youths.
the child welfare committee (cwc) has reacted sharply and vowed to ensure her protection.
under fire from locals, beauty had stood her ground against the child marriage that was supposed to take place on january 17.
she was rebuked and then allegedly assaulted by the elders of the village, who were fine with the wedding.
beauty had to be hospitalised, but she used the chance to divulge all to the police.
the guardians of the bride and groom along with some relatives were arrested.
described as 'malala of malda', the amrity village girl was felicitated at her home on february 24 by the bdo.
on the occasion of women's day, chief minister mamatabanerjee felicitated her among others to honour her courage.
but now, beauty has alleged although she got major support from the school and administration, she is being subjected to teasing and abusing in her locality by some youths following the incident.
she said initially, she did manage to put up a brave front.
however, of late, the harrassment has increased and the neighbours too do not stand by her when she is abused on her way to school or tuition, beauty alleged.
those arrested in connection with the child marriage have meanwhile been released on bail and are allegedly threatening beauty.
she was forced to stop attending school.
beauty said she is trying to cope by reading books of nobel winner malala yousafzai .
beauty's mother jhasi begum said: i never imagined my daughter will have to pay such a price for doing noble work.
cwc chairperson chaitali ghosh told toi: it is a shame for us that beauty came to me crying, seeking protection, when we hold her as a model against child marriage.
we shall never tolerate this and will visit her house.
i'm also asking the police to take strict action against the accused.
west bengal cm mamatabanerjee banerjeekolkata: in a bid to plug the widely-talked about leaks in the public distribution system pds ), the state government is looking to issue two categories of ration cards  one, to avail of rations and the other, a non-foodgrain digital ration card that can be used as yet another identity proof, in case there is an nrc drive in the state.
chief minister mamatabanerjee on wednesday proposed the two categories of cards in the assembly on wednesday.
a lot of people, who do not withdraw ration under pds, want to retain their ration cards as identity proof.
this is important at a time when people are scared and confused about the nrc exercise, said the chief minister, replying to a question from trinamool kulpi mla jogodaranjan haldar.
banerjee said the system, once introduced, would help the government bring another 4 -5  poor people under the pds cover.
the cms proposal, said officials, would serve twin purposes: it would help ration card-holders have an id proof, even if s/he did not avail of the subsidized foodgrain , and also save money for the government that had been providing the subsidy.
state officials pointed out the proposal would help the government focus on the target beneficiaries.
state food department officials said the categorization would help the department prevent ration dealers from selling the subsidized foodgrain quota of those who dont avail of ration from pds regularly.
under the existing system, the food department allots rations for each ration card-holder.
the foodgrain, if not availed by the card-holder, remains with the ration dealer.
the department has got feedback that this amount is sold in the market at a premium.
the food department will hold camps from september 9 to 26 at the block development offices (bdo) across the state for fresh inclusion of beneficiaries under the rajya khadya suraksha yojana i (rksy-i) scheme.
the scheme allowed beneficiaries to avail of rice at rs 2 a kg, said food minister jyotipriya mallick .
banerjee instructed mallick to convene an all-party meeting to discuss the issue with the members.
she also said poor people must get the benefit and it could, in no way, be politicized as poor people had no religion, no caste and no political identity.
i want a survey to be conducted to find the number of ration card-holders who do not avail of foodgrain under pds, she said.
at the all-party meeting, food minister mallick is likely to brief mlas about the cms proposal over introduction of the non-foodgrain digital ration card.
the categorization will would take place only after a comprehensive survey, the minister said.
tmc chief mamatabanerjee (file photo)new delhi: at a time when the battle for bengal between ruling trianmool congress and bjp is getting intense with an eye on the 2021 assembly polls, chief minister and tmc chief mamatabanerjee is set to meet prime minister narendra modi on wednesday.
the wb chief minister is expected to reach delhi on tuesday evening, state secretariat sources in kolkata said.
the meeting, which comes at a time when several tmc leaders and former kolkata police commissioner rajeev kumar are under cbi scanner in sarada ponzi scheme scam, would be the first between modi and mamatabanerjee since pm modi won his second term in may.
mamatas meeting with modi is also significant as it comes weeks ahead of talks between the pm and his bangladeshi counterpart sheikh hasina on october 5.
an appointment was sought by cms office last week.
it will take place at 4.
30 pm in new delhi on wednesday, an official at cms office said.
mumbai: in a development that could have repercussions on maharashtra politics, trinamool congress (tmc) chief mamatabanerjee is keen on roping in shiv sena in her proposed front to take on the bjp in the 2019 elections, it is learnt.
the front would keep a distance from the congress, which too plans to stitch up an anti-bjp alliance under rahul gandhi 's leadership.
mamata has already spoken to telangana cm k chandrashekhar rao.
she plans to sound out thackeray and dmk leader m k stalin on the issue.
two weeks ago, there were reports from sena sources about thackeray receiving a call from telugu desam party (tdp) chief chandrababu naidu.
but tdp sources denied the reports.
however, the sena maintained-not on record, though-that tdp's denial was part of a larger strategy.
the key question is whether sena president uddhav thackeray would accept mamata's leadership, experts said.
mamata spoke to thackeray twice over the phone in the last two months, a sena functionary said on tuesday, adding, these are preliminary talks.
she is ready to launch a regional front and she is keen that the sena join her.
thackeray is yet to decide if he would go to kolkata to meet her or invite her here.
it's undecided yet, he said.
uddhav-ji would like if it is the other way round, he remarked.
thackeray has already announced that his party would go solo for the next elections.
this may have fuelled tmc's hopes of goading the sena, which has 63 assembly seats in a 288-strong house, into joining the front to fight bjp, said political analysts.
but thackeray will have to make up his mind if he wants to snap ties with the nda in the next polls, they added.
state bjp strategists are not willing to take thackeray seriously on his solo soliloquy.
they say matoshree isn't quite serious about parting ways with the bjp.
all talks of joining mamata's federal front could be part of sena's pressure tactics.
they obviously want more assembly seats from us.
actually, the sena wouldn't mind piggybacking on narendra modi's popularity during lok sabha elections, while in the state, they would want to go solo so that they need not give us a share in the seats.
but, this is not in keeping with the alliance ethos.
an alliance partner can't have best of both worlds, said a bjp veteran.
thackeray may as of now enjoy the attention which the tmc has lavished on him, but he will have to take a firm stand on the bjp, he pointed out.
this story is from february 7, 2019west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee (file photo)download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
lucknow: devendra nath singh, professor of hindi at dr shakuntala misra national rehabilitation university (dsmnru), pulled down his facebook post that likened bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee to goddess durga, after it went viral and stirred controversy.
singh, however, blamed colleagues for unnecessary politicising the issue.
singh, who is also spokesperson of the university, wrote on his fb post - atal bihari vajpayee ne kabhi indira gandhi ko durga kaha tha.
lekin mere hisab se durga se milti julti koi chavi vastav mai banti hai to woh mamatabanerjee ki.
delhi ke mukhya mantri ke daftar mai chapha markar cbi ka mann badh gaya tha.
kumbh snan kar tota seedhe bengal ke liye udd chala tha.
tab tote bhai ko yeh nahi pata tha ki waha ranbakuri mamatabanerjee didi rehti hai.
tota bechare tein tein kren lagey.
jai mahisasura mardini.
(vajpayee once called indira gandi as durga.
i consider mamatabanerjee banerjee's personality close to durga.
cbi's spirits were high after raiding delhi cm's office.
the parrot flew straight to bengal after taking a holy dip at kumbh, but the poor parrot was unaware that it's the land of mamatabanerjee didi, the fighter.
the parrot was left whining.
hail goddess durga, the slayer of demon king mahishasura.
)the post went viral with some teachers objecting to use of the word parrot, which they said referred to a ruling party leader.
associate professor pushpendra mishra, commerce department dsmnru, who is also patron of the varsity's rss-affiliated rashtriya shaikshik mahasangh, said, such derogatory remarks should not be made for anyone, be it a political leader or anyone.
it's clear from the post to whom he's referring to as parrot.
being university spokesperson, he should have refrained from such comments.
when singh saw the post was triggering controversy, he deleted it late on tuesday night.
i am deeply hurt that the democratic right of freedom of speech and expression has been projected in a negative way by some university professors to level personal scores.
this post was just a satire on the current tug-of-war in bengal and was not against any politician, but some professors passed it on to media persons with a wrong interpretation.
i decided to remove it after it was blown out of proportion, he said.
he said, he wrote the post in the capacity of a litterateur and not a professor.
one can find many such satirical posts on various issues and personalities in my fb account, he said and added he was felicitated by former prime minister atal bihari vajpayee in hindi sansthan in 1998 for his writings - books and poetry.
kolkata: a day after trinamool congress general secretary mukul roy came in defence of labour minister purnendu bose  already in the thick of controversy over the kestopur murder case  chief minister mamatabanerjee finally broke silence on sunday, terming the controversy a small, one-off incident.
the trinamool chief alleged her efforts to dismantle the syndicate system have prompted vested interests to politically exploit the issue and tarnish the party's image.
she even alleged that people from rival parties are conspiring in this incident.
it may be mentioned here that the murder of trinamool congress activist swapan mondal on last sunday kicked off a war of words within the trinamool leadership.
with her labour minister and the state inttuc president dola sen on one side and food minister jyotipriya mullick and two heavyweight mps on the other, mamatabanerjee was perhaps left with no other option but to intervene in her bid to defuse the tension, at least temporarily.
mukul roy also tried to bury the hatchet between the warring factions at saturday's north 24-parganas party meeting, but was without much success.
the arrest of trinamool youth leader partha sarkar  reportedly close to food minister jyotipriya mullick  only fuelled a renewed unrest in the party ranks.
on saturday, when party mps kakoli ghosh dastidar and saugata roy met partha's wife piyali, she directly accused local mla and labour minister purnendu bose of framing sarkar.
much heat was generated over such allegations during the trinamool's meetthe trade union controlled by dola sen.
it is when partha reportedly refused, purnendu bose reportedly tried to penetrate into the local support base through manish mukherjee a district core committee member of the party's youth wing.
in a similar effort, a trinamool councillor's son, biswajit biswas, was made inttuc president in that assembly segment.
dola sen however refused to comment on this controversy.
hinting at sen's role, a section of party leaders suggested that the resentment can spread beyond the district.
anger is brewing among a section of trade union workers over her selection as president.
the difference came to the fore during the protracted talks over reopening of kanoria jute mill, which turned bitter after the arrest of a senior trade union leader.
party insiders claimed undercurrents of political rivalry are not new to trinamool's north 24-parganas leadership.
a local mp and an influential mla, who do not see eye to eye, joined hands to oppose the labour minister and dola sen.
the bose-sen duo, insiders say, earned the wrath of party veterans in the district well before the murder took place.
one of the key reasons behind trinamool's internal feud could be the race for gaining control of the area, where there has been reality boom.
a senior leader claimed bose  formerly a leftist who joined mamata's ranks in the run up to the singur agitation was keen to develop his base among the trinamool ranks in rajarhat-gopalpur assembly segment.
the leader alleges that swapan and partha had even been lured to joinmeetthe trade union controlled by dola sen.
it is when partha reportedly refused, purnendu bose reportedly tried to penetrate into the local support base through manish mukherjee a district core committee member of the party's youth wing.
in a similar effort, a trinamool councillor's son, biswajit biswas, was made inttuc president in that assembly segment.
dola sen however refused to comment on this controversy.
hinting at sen's role, a section of party leaders suggested that the resentment can spread beyond the district.
anger is brewing among a section of trade union workers over her selection as president.
the difference came to the fore during the protracted talks over reopening of kanoria jute mill, which turned bitter after the arrest of a senior trade union leader.
chief minister mamatabanerjee at the anti-nrc rally in kolkata on thursdaykolkata: chief minister mamatabanerjee on thursday threw a challenge at the narendra modi-led nda government to exclude even two citizens of west bengal from a national register of citizens ( nrc ) proposed by bjp in the state.
try touching two citizens of bengal, she said at shyambazar after leading a protest rally against nrc from sinthee more, only two days after union minister smriti irani, in kolkata, criticised the cm for her opposition to nrc in bengal.
the final nrc list in assam excluded 19 lakh people.
banerjee made it loud and clear that she wouldnt allow nrc in bengal as long as she was in government.
a total 19 lakh people have been left out of the assam nrc list.
the dropouts include hindus, muslims and buddhists.
it is 72 years since independence and still we have to give proof of our identity.
why?
she said.
in her attempt to consolidate anti-bjp votes, the cm and trinamool chief said: forget which political party you support.
cpm and congress have no existence in bengal.
trinamool is the only party that can fight bjp.
calling cpm shuorani (privileged), mamatabanerjee pointed out that bjp had spared the left in bengal.
cpm is the only party that has no charges against it.
all others are corrupt.
we are all corrupt.
there is investigation (by cbi or ed) against all of us.
they (bjp) are all sadhus.
from where are they getting so much money?
she said.
banerjee told the gathering that bjp was trying to lure people with money and engaging investigating agencies against its rivals.
the bjp here is thriving on agency and money.
trinamool has the strength to combat bjp.
you (bjp) wont be able to shut bengals mouth as you did in assam by using your police, she said, firming up the present political correlation in bengal that has already taken a bipolar shape.
the cm also took a dig at the prime minister without mentioning him.
come during durga puja, see how we worship the goddess.
but for the sake of religion, for sake of hindus, muslims, sikhs and christians, i dont agree with nrc.
kolkata: the orissa high court on friday granted bail to trinamool congress mp sudip bandyopadhyay , four-and-a-half months after he was arrested by cbi on charges of helping rose valley spread its network.
while the hc asked him to deposit his passport with the central agency, he was allowed to return to kolkata.
bandyopadhyay will have to furnish a rs 25-lakh bail bond and is likely to be released by saturday evening.
cbi, however, hinted it would challenge the order in the supreme court bandyopadhyay was arrested by the central investigating agency on january 3 after it found evidence of his involvement in the rs 17,000-crore rose valley scam.
earlier last month, cbi filed a chargesheet in the case, bringing charges against him under sections 120-b (criminal conspiracy), 409 (criminal breach of trust) and 420 (cheating) of the ipc and sections 4 and 6 of the prize chits and money circulation schemes (banning) act.
bandyopadhyay's bail was granted on friday by the same judge who had earlier refused bail to fellow trinamool congress mp tapas paul, also accused in the rose valley case.
in his 11-page order, justice j das said sudip bandyopadhyay was being granted bail judging the merit of the case.
the cbi officials argued that apart from being an mp, bandyopadhyay was chairman of the parliamentary committee on finance.
he was aware of the rose valley developments and we need to see if he had influenced market regulators, including sebi, said a cbi official.
bandyopadhyay's lawyer sabyasachi mamatabanerjee insisted the mp was neither a shareholder nor a director of the company.
he has never allured people to invest with the rose valley group.
he had attended two cultural programmes of the group, that too as an mp.
there were no direct money transfers to the mp's account to prove cbi's point.
the judge has considered each point of our argument, he said.
when i visited him, i saw he had lost a lot of weight.
he needs to take rest.
his health has been ruined.
immediately after he was sent to judicial custody, bandyopadhyay was admitted to the jail hospital and shifted to scb medical college in cuttack.
a seven-member board then suggested shifting him to a multi-superspeciality facility.
he was shifted to apollo hospital in february after a court order.
bandyopadhyay's wife nayana said: i am relieved but am also tense about his health.
we will move him from cuttack as per the inst-ructions of my party colleagues.
bandyopadhyay may be moved to kolkata in an ambulance.
priya cinema hall that will host a special screening of 'goopy bagha bayne' on thursday.
download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
kolkata: more than six months after fire had broken out at priya on august 5, the theatre has finally got the licence to open its door to the audience.
on thursday evening, the theatre will be hosting a screening of satyajit rays classic, goopy gyne bagha byne.
patrons of the 64-year-old theatre are as thrilled as the members of tollywood with news of the reopening of this iconic theatre after over rs 50 lakh was spent to revamp the fire-safety arrangements.
inaugurated on may 28, 1959 with citylights, priya has been one of the most prominent single screen theatres in kolkata.
the original owner of priya was nepal chandra dutta and ashim chandra dutta.
there was a time when premieres of all bengali movies used to happen at priya.
even hindi film premieres, including aks, khalnayak, kya kehna, insaniyat, phir bhi dil hai hindustani and dil chahta hai were held there.
arijit dutta, the managing director of priya entertainment pvt.
ltd, extended his heartfelt gratitude to chief minister mamatabanerjee for extending her cooperation and support.
on friday, a special screening of kaushik gangulys nagarkirtan will be held along with shows of total dhamaal and gully boy.
esha dutta, an owner of priya, said, we have received the fire certificate.
we have revamped the interiors and done some cosmetic changes too.
the number of seats has gone down from 785 to 543.
so, the leg space has increased.
that apart, the seat covers have also been changed.
the interior of the lobby has also been done up differently.
we are extremely grateful to chief minister mamatabanerjee and the government of west bengal for extending all support to us.
in a letter dated february 19, the director of the fire prevention wing mentioned that the performance of priyas fire-fighting system was found to be satisfactory.
the fire safety certificate was released with some guidelines on the dos and donts of the theatre.
these include good housekeeping , mock fire-fighting and evacuation drills and periodic checking of installations.
that apart, employees have to be conversant with the operational techniques of fire-fighting systems.
besides, recommendations have also been given about the need to use low-flame spread material while making the interiors.
the existing electrical wiring has to be checked periodically for wear and tear.
there are suggestions of installing cctvs in the fire-control room.
the transformer and switch-gear rooms have to be protected with co2 or dcp auto modular system.
fire licence has to be obtained for storing and processing of lpg.
this licence has to be renewed every year from the date of issue.
news of the reopening has left tollywood delighted.
director arindam sil, who visited priya on tuesday afternoon, spoke about the heritage of the theatre.
satyajit rays name and the history of bengali cinema are linked to priya.
i know for a fact that our chief minister has taken personal initiative to have this single screen theatre reopened.
i am also happy for arijit and his family, sil said.
the premiere of gangulys first film  waarish  was also held at priya.
memories of some 18 premieres of his films from the 23 that he has directed also flood his mind.
he recalled an incident from the premiere of laptop.
back then, all other films had shifted to the digital medium.
but laptop needed a projector for screening.
there was fungus on the gold lens (colloquially called sona lens).
my cinematographer and i had sat the whole day to clean it.
we even skipped lunch for it.
today, the revamped interiors of the theatre look good.
the lobby has a museum feel to it.
the old projector is there.
the auditorium has been revamped and looks great too.
there are no plastic chairs around.
the balcony looks amazing, ganguly said.
incidentally, the owners of the theatre were also the producers of milestones like rays aranyer din ratri, mrinal sens pratidwandi, arundhati devis chhuti and tapan sinhas hatey bazarey.
as a director of cinemawallah  a film on single screen theatres closing down in bengal  the news of priyas reopening is extra special for me, ganguly added.
as a section of the wall to the left collapsed, a crowd surge to the right sent pilgrims and the makeshift sta.
.
.
read moredevotee count surpassed all records this year: officialskachua (north 24 parganas): six devotees waiting in heavy rain to offer prayers at the lokenath temple in kachua, about 55 kilometres from kolkata, were killed and several were injured early on friday morning in a stampede triggered by a wall collapse along the narrow stretch that leads to the temple.
more than 2.
5 lakh pilgrims had gathered at kachua lokenath dham, the birthplace of the 18th century ascetic lokenath baba on his birth anniversary on thursday, but entry to the main temple was restricted a little before midnight due to a downpour that continued for almost three hours.
when the rain finally stopped around 2.
40 am, a surge of over 30,000 people pressed ahead through an approach road barely 15 feet wide and hemmed on either side by a wall and a pond.
a row of makeshift stalls selling puja ware had come up along the pond further reducing the width of the road that had also turned slippery due to the rain.
a nine-foot section of the wall caved in under crowd pressure triggering a stampede that also sent hundreds of pilgrims hurtling into the pond along with all the makeshift stalls.
some were buried under the debris of the wall.
the injured were first taken to the local dhanyakuria rural hospital, which referred all but those with minor injuries to barasat state general hospital and basirhat district hospital, which in turn referred most of the injured to hospitals in kolkata.
two each were declared brough dead at sskm hospital and chittaranjan national medical college hospital in kolkata, and one each died at rg kar medical college and basirhat subdivisional hospital.
eyewitnesses blamed police for poor crowd control and their refusal to open the six drop gates leading to the temple for the tragedy.
there were too few cops to man the crowd, they claimed.
lakhs of devotees from across bengal and bangladesh gather at kachua in north 24 parganas during the three-day celebrations of lokenath babas birth anniversary every year.
according to the district administration, the number of devotees this year broke all records.
after the wall collapse, many people fell on the road while others fell into the pond even as the others kept running towards the temple leading to the stampede, said dilip debnath, a resident of basirhat, whose wife jaba was among those injured.
minister jyotirpriya mullick, who rushed to kachua, alleged the temple authorities had not made adequate arrangements for so many devotees, pointing out that the makeshift stalls on one side had further narrowed down the road.
the temple committee should have been more alert.
they should have anticipated that so many people would turn up and made adequate arrangements, said mullick.
bishnupada roy choudhuri of the temple committee said they had close to 15 meetings with all stakeholders prior to making the arrangements.
we had several meetings with the police, the district administration, the local clubs and the residents of the village for the arrangements.
the shops were set up outside the temple premises and we never issued anybody any permission to set up the shops, he said.
representative imagekolkata: west bengal's revered durga puja is caught up in a political tug-of-war as the state's ruling trinamool congress on tuesday held a sit-in here, protesting against income tax department's notice issued to durga puja committees, claiming the move was influenced by the bjp.
the members of banga janani samiti, a newly formed women wing of trinamool, gathered at subodh mallik square on early tuesday morning.
announced by west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee , the dharna would continue till 6pm.
the it department has issued notice to many committees who organise durga pujas, asking them to pay taxes.
this will be a burden on the organisers.
the bengal government withdrew tax which was earlier there on ganga sagar mela.
taking a veiled jibe at the bharatiya janata party (bjp), trinamool congress secretary general and state education minister partha chatterjee said: prior to the elections, those who said that mamatabanerjee doesn't let people celebrate durga puja, saraswati puja and other cultural events, are now creating hurdles for puja committees with the help of central agencies.
chatterjee said those who are trying to attack the emotions and religious sentiments of the people will get a befitting answer.
countering the allegations, union minister babul supriyo said durga puja is a festival of bengali people celebrated across the world and there is nothing against trinamool.
general people are angry with those who use cut-money for puja.
naturally, there is dissatisfaction when they see no development, dilapidated roads in contrast to crores of money spent on puja celebration.
hence, there is the need of following some rules, supriyo said.
according to trinamool mp kakoli ghosh dastidar, a huge economy is associated with durga puja celebrations and this sudden summon by the i-t department is troublesome for the committees.
if durga puja is hampered due to this taxation, bengali people will not accept it, she said.
earlier, the income tax department served notice to major durga puja committees, asking them to file tds.
new delhi: the opposition on tuesday forced the government to withdraw a legislation to set up commercial divisions in high courts and blocked another meant to amend the copyright act, once again bringing out the government's ability to secure passage of legislations.
hrd minister kapil sibal failed to move the copyright (amendment) bill, as a determined opposition alleged conflict of interest.
opposition members like jd(u)'s shivanand tiwari and tdp's mysura reddy pointed out that sibal's lawyer son had been regularly appearing for t-series and, therefore, he should recuse himself from piloting a bill which would have a direct bearing on the interests of the music company.
minutes earlier, law minister salman khurshid had to agree to the opposition chorus to withdraw the bill aiming to set up commercial divisions in high courts.
leader of opposition arun jaitley savaged the legislation, citing specific clauses to argue that it suffered from a serious design flaw.
it is completely misconceived and badly drafted, jaitley said.
although khurshid defended the bill prepared under his predecessor in the law ministry, he agreed to re-work it after opposition refused to relent.
although the two bills were not big-ticket legislations, government's failure to steer them past the opposition's resistance underlined its continuing inability to push through legislations as well as key policy decisions.
the government, which has been keen to get rid of the perception of drift and policy inaction, recently had to put on hold its ambitious decision to let in foreign direct investment in multi-brand retail.
last week, parliament's standing committee on finance had put a spoke in government's plan for early parliamentary clearance for unique identity card scheme, as well as banking laws (amendment) bill and insurance (amendment) bill.
the insurance bill sought to raise the fdi limit for insurance sector from 26  to 49 , while the banking bill provided that shareholders in banks should be allowed to have voting rights commensurate with their stake.
these two bills, along with the pension fund regulatory and development authority (pfrda) bill, are part of the government's larger roadmap for financial sector reforms.
the government, which last week candidly acknowledged that it blinked first in the confrontation with west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee to avoid mid-term polls, is engaged in last-ditch negotiations with the trinamool boss to get the pfrda bill passed.
its stumbles in parliament have belied the widespread hope two years ago that congress's improved margin and the ouster of left would make it easier for the government to take the reforms path.
banerjee, with her anxiety to match left's populism, has emerged as the new dissenter within the upa tent, showing that the feeling of respite over left's exit from decision-making was illusory.
looming up elections and congress's compulsion to confront sp and bsp, which are often dubbed as 'pretend opposition' for the support they extended to upa in moments of crisis, have eroded the cushion that the regime enjoyed.
with the government's authority undermined by scams on its charge and because of the challenge by the popular anti-graft agitation, and with the opposition sniffing an opportunity, government will have its task cut out till at least up elections scheduled early next year.
in rajya sabha, even before sibal could stand up to move the bill, jd((u) mp shivanand tiwari objected, arguing that the minister's lawyer son represented music firm super cassette industries in several court cases.
there is a conflict of interest, the minister should not present the bill, tiwari said, claiming the proposed changes in the legislation would protect interests of owners of music rights.
he was supported by bjp members including s s ahluwalia and prakash javadekar besides mps from left, aiadmk and bsp.
sibal did not defend himself and sat silently throughout the proceedings.
minutes ago, opposition led by jaitley had alleged that the commercial division of high courts bill 2010 was misconceived and badly drafted and provided for speedy justice to the rich at the cost of the poor.
jaitley argued that the new bill aimed to transfer all commercial cases to hcs -- the slowest and one of the costliest layers of judiciary -- from civil courts.
he highlighted that it took 10-12 years to dispose of one case in the hc and 35  positions of judges were lying vacant while civil courts disposed of case in 2-3 years.
conceding to deficiencies in the bill, law minister khurshid said the government will amend the bill and come back to the house in the coming week.
we respect the sense of the house, and if the house is not ready, we will amend it and come back, maybe next week, with the bill, khurshid said.
the bill aims to constitute a commercial division bench within each hc.
these benches will have original jurisdiction on cases where the value at dispute is over rs 5 crore, and may follow a fast track procedure for such cases.
image used for representational purposesdownload the times of india news app for latest citykolkata: tattoos, and the make and colour of the bike caught on cctv camera led cops to the 19-year-old youth who was accused of hitting a senior citizen and then dragging a constable , who tried to stop him, for nearly 200 metres earlier this month.
he was arrested from panchannagram near em bypass on friday night .
the accused  daneshwar jha alias sonu  reportedly performs stunts and uploads the videos on social media.
according to the police, the teenager, who completed his senior secondary a year ago, preferred to be called sonu stunts because of his passion for stunts on motorbike.
he fled to varanasi after the incident on july 2 and had returned to his maternal uncles house two days ago from where he was arrested.
his motorbike, a ktm model, which he had left with one of his friend at mayfair road was also seized.
the cops said they had a hard time arresting jha.
we got the first clue from the cctv footage.
repeated analysis of the cctv footage revealed only the make of the bike  a ktm  which numbered around 1,800 in kolkata.
out of this, we tried to identify the bike owners who resided in karaya, tiljala, park street and park circus and the figure narrowed down to 180, joint commissioner of kolkata traffic police murulidhar said.
but still cops could neither trace the number plate nor the details of the person who was riding the bike.
from the cctv footage, we could gather that the bike was black with orange alloy wheels, the rider was wearing a t-shirt with some blackish mark at back and that he had tattoo on his hand.
we also got the details of the owners of the 180 bikes, including their names, addresses and mobile numbers, a senior police officer said.
the police then embarked on an intensive manhunt.
soon, one of the officers traced out sonu stunts, a resident of the tiljala area, who had a ktm bike and tattoos on his arms.
it then became easier for us to zero-in on the person.
we also cross checked the details of the person and verified his actual address and mobile number, the officer added.
the cops had to wait for another few days because the accused was not available at his residence on chowbagha road.
he was in varanasi and returned to kolkata only a couple of days ago.
but he didnt go back to his house.
he went to his maternal uncles house at panchannagram.
on friday night, we raided the house and arrested him, dc (traffic) santosh pandey said.
on july 2, 30-year-old traffic constable tapan orang was dragged for nearly 200 metres in front of quest mall allegedly by jha when the cop tried to stop him from fleeing after he hit a pedestrian.
chief minister mamatabanerjee had met the injured constable at the hospital and praised him for his courage and dedication.
kolkata police commissioner anuj sharma also met orang and lauded him for his efforts.
the state government almost threw in the towel as it is unable to provide a single rupee by way of equity for power projects, thus affecting jeopardizing takeoff and completion of the various sanctioned several projects.
kolkata: the state government almost threw in the towel as it is unable to provide a single rupee by way of equity for power projects, thus affecting jeopardizing takeoff and completion of the various sanctioned several projects.
the fact that the cash-strapped government's helplessness will largely impede the state's bid to improve the power situation was discussed at board meetings of west bengal state electricity distribution company limited (wbsedcl) and its major power supplier, west bengal power development company limited (wbpdcl) on wednesday and thursday.
the state power utility is grappling under an abject funds crunch as it is unable to seek pending tariff revisions - one necessitated by the rise in coal prices since april 1 and another because of the annual revision as stipulate by the provisions of the west bengal electricity regulatory commission (wberc).
desperate to live up to her populist image, chief minister mamatabanerjee , who held the power portfolio till recently, is determined not to hike electricity tariffs.
but her resolve is costing the state power companies dear.
the government is required to pay a subsidy of rs 2,500 crore annually to the power utilities for the waiver.
but not a single rupee has been released by the finance department as subsidy.
and both wbsedcl and wbpdcl are defaulting in payments to the government for the first time in many years.
since july this year, wbsedcl has not been paying rs 60 crore as electricity duty per month and wbpdcl is defaulting in paying rs 50 crore per month due to the government as coal cess.
as if the crises mentioned above were not enough, the state finance department has thrown up it hands regarding payment of equity which the state government has been announcing in its budget.
officials of both the power companies talked about the dire straits with no possible solution in sight.
the state government needs to pay around rs 1,750 crore by way of equity for various power projects.
for instance, it have to pay rs 1,500 crore as equity for the two 500 mw sagardighi thermal power projects, rs 150 crore for the 200 mw bandel thermal power plant and around rs 100 crore for the kolaghat power plants (6 x 210 mw).
the last two are running projects and rs 250 crore is due to them for capital work (related to procuring equipment etc).
but the biggest casualty of the crisis would be the sagardighi plants which can't be started if the state fails to pay its promised funds.
already, another power project is in the doldrums as mamatabanerjee has decided not to acquire land for the ongoing units 1 and 2 of the katwa power plants, each of 800 mw capacity.
the board meetings of wbpdcl and wbsedcl also called for the finance department's immediate go-ahead to allow the state utility to apply to wberc for the annual tariff revision.
finance minister amit mitra had earlier sought a fortnight's time for the revision application which was supposed to have been filed by july 31.
wbsedcl has missed that deadline a fortnight ago.
a month has gone, but neither power minister manish gupta nor the finance minister has taken any decision on the tariff revision.
cesc has already applied for a revision.
it is also charging the consumer for the coal price hike, said a senior official on thursday.
mahatma gandhi's autobiography discusses in detail his views on hindi as india's national language.
file photonew delhi: union home minister amit shahs appeal to the people to accept hindi as the common and unifying language of the country has met with protests from some parties and politicians.
on september 14, celebrated as the hindi day, he said even mahatma gandhi and sardar vallabhbhai patel had appealed to the people to accept hindi as the official language.
though shah emphasised that the growth of hindi would never be at the cost of any other language and that hindi was the language of co-existence, his exhortation has met with resistance in the south and west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjee-led trinamool congress (tmc).
the dmk has announced a state-wide protest in tamil nadu on september 20 against the imposition of hindi.
bjp leader and karnataka chief minister bs yeddyurappa has also opposed his own party president and said all official languages of the country were equal.
he said the people of karnataka would never compromise with the importance of kannada.
former congress president rahul gandhi, in a tweet, mentioned all the 22 languages in the eighth schedule of the constitution besides english and said india's many languages were not her weakness.
the debate over hindi as the national language is not new.
mahatma gandhi had also discussed it at length about 100 years ago.
gandhijis an autobiography or the story of my experiments with truth, published first in 1927 by navajivan trust, is replete with his views on languages which one needs to learn in india and hindis place among them.
the first mention about hindi comes in chapter 5 at the high school where he says, it is now my opinion that in all indian curricula of higher education there should be a place for hindi, samskrit, persian, arabic and english, besides of course the vernacular.
this big list need not frighten anyone.
if our education were more systematic, and the boys free from the burden of having to learn their subjects through a foreign medium, i am sure, learning all theselanguages would not be an irksome task, but a perfect pleasure.
a scientific knowledge of one language makes a knowledge of other languages comparatively easy.
he said, in reality, hindi, gujarati and samskrit may be regarded as one language, and persian and arabic also as one.
though persian belongs to the aryan, and arabic to the semitic family of languages, there is a close relationship between persian and arabic, because both claim their full growth through the rise of islam.
urdu i have not regarded as a distinct language, because it has adopted the hindi grammar and its vocabulary is mainly persian and arabic, and he who would learn good urdu must learn persian and arabic, as one who would learn good gujarati, hindi, bengali or marathi must learn samskrit.
mahatma gandhis view have changed in the course of the book.
later in his autobiography, he advocates hindi - or hindustani, as he would alternately call it - as the national language.
in chapter 27 recruiting campaign, he talks about viceroy lord chelmsfords invitation to various leaders, including him to a war conference in delhi.
the viceroy was very keen on the mahatma supporting the resolution about recruiting indians for war.
he asked for permission to speak in hindi-hindustani.
he spoke just one sentence supporting the resolution.
many congratulated me on my having spoken in hindustani.
that was, they said, the first instance within living memory of anyone having spoken in hindustani at such a meeting.
the congratulations and the discovery that i was the first to speak in hindustani at a viceregal meeting hurt my national pride.
i felt like shrinking into myself.
what a tragedy that the language of the country should be taboo in meetings held in the country, for work relating to the country, and that a speech there in hindustani by a stray individual like myself should be a matter for congratulation!
incidents like these are reminders of the low state to which we have been reduced, he wrote.
in chapter 36 called the khilafat against cow protection?
, when gandhiji struggled with language, he convincingly wrote that hindi-urdu alone could become indias language.
a meeting was held in delhi to deliberate on the khilafat question.
i was handicapped for want of suitable hindi or urdu words.
this was my first occasion for delivering an argumentative speech before an audience especially composed of musalmans of the north, mahatma gandhi wrote.
he said he could place his views before the gathering in such broken hindi as he could command.
and in this i was successful.
this meeting afforded me a direct proof of the fact that hindi-urdu alone could become the lingua franca of india, mahatma gandhi wrote.
amit shah on september 14 advocated a common language for the country and said hindi can unite the whole country as it is spoken the most.
the home minister also appealed to everyone to use their native languages as much as possible, but said efforts would be made to expand hindis reach to different parts of the country.
in a series of tweets in hindi, amit shah said, india has many languages and every language has its importance.
but it is absolutely necessary that the entire country should have one language that becomes indias identity globally.
shah said that today, if any language which can unite the country, it is hindi that is spoken the most.
i want to appeal to people to promote their native languages but also use hindi to make the dream of bapu (mahatma gandhi) and sardar (vallabhbhai) patel of one language come true, he tweeted.
according to the official languages act, 1963, hindi and english are the official languages for the union government and parliament.
a total of 22 languages of the country are recognised under the eight schedule of the constitution.
mungpo (kurseong): while its parent body is now focusing on getting the new council functional properly, the gorkha janmukti yuwa morcha (gjym) has announced a series of agitations in demand for a separate state.
at a public meeting in mungpo on sunday, gjym vice-president jiten rai said: if the centre thinks about the demand for dividing uttar pradesh, then our demand for gorkhaland must be given the priority.
taking a dig at chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjee's promise to turn darjeeling into switzerland, gjym organizing secretary siddhant rai quipped: we don't want switzerland.
give us gorkhaland and we will turn it into something better than switzerland.
though gjm central committee leaders were conspicuous by their absence at the meeting, asha gurung, the president of gjm women's wing nari morcha and the wife of party president bimal gurung, was present to lend moral support to the youth movement.
we want to tell the central government that the hills youth are willing to cross boundaries to achieve gorkhaland.
we will not be fooled like the time of the 1986 agitation after which the states of chhattisgarh, uttaranchal and jharkhand were created.
we will keep a close watch on the state and centre henceforth, said priyabardhan rai, the organization's general secretary.
the youth organization will hold a series of public meetings and rallies across the three hills subdivisions and in the plains of siliguri from january 17 till february 5.
a signature campaign will also be undertaken from january 1 to 30 to garner support for a separate state.
these agitations are to make the youths of the hills aware of the statehood demand and the need for it.
we will also take this opportunity to strengthen our party units across the region, said rai.
on february 12, the gjym will announce the strategy to take the gorkhaland demand forward.
after the signing of the gta agreement on july 18, gjm has put on hold its four-year agitation for gorkhaland.
in fact, the gjm gave its consent to the state government to hold the assembly and municipality elections in which the party participated, too, and won easily.
look at telangana.
if they can have simultaneous demands for development and separate state, why can't we have it here, pointed out rai, adding that this time the organization would take up cyber movement like in egypt, to spread the agitation.
look what happened in egypt.
a successful mass movement was triggered by one email from one person, he said.
this story is from february 16, 2019kmc has pinned its hope on the dhapa water treatment plant to cater to areas along em bypassdownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
kolkata: the kolkata municipal corporation (kmc) has taken up a comprehensive water augmentation scheme to supply filtered water to every corner of the city.
while presenting the kmc budget 2019-20, mayor firhad hakim on friday announced that rs 406 crore will be spent to produce filtered water and laying of pipelines to every household that depend on ground water at present.
banerjee had particularly pointed out the plight of those living in the tollygunge-jadavpur belt and the areas off em bypass.
dependence on ground water in these parts of the city has often led to an outbreak of enteric diseases.
besides, extensive withdrawal of ground water has, in many places, led to the possibility of arsenic contamination.
the first major project that the civic body conceived was the construction of a reservoir with a capacity to store 3 million gallon filtered water every day.
currently, the jai hind water treatment plant at dhapa has the capacity to produce 30 million filtered water daily.
however, kmc could not tap the optimum capacity of the treatment plant for want of booster pumping stations and laying of pipelines to areas off em bypass.
according to a water management plan, the kmc water supply department will set up several booster pumping stations and underground reservoirs at kasba, anandapur, patuli and pachannagram along em bypass to enable residents of these areas get filtered water from the dhapa plant.
the civic body will also need to lay water pipelines in some south kolkata areas so that residents of jadavpur, ganguly bagan and baghajatin get treated water.
similarly, the kmc has decided to set up a booster pumping station at garia and augment the capacity of an existing booster pumping stations at bansdroni to supply uniterrupted filtered water to large areas of the garia-bansdroni belt.
with an objective to provide filtered water to metiabruz, garden reach, kidderpore and ekbalpore, the civic body has planned to augment capacity of the wattgung water treatment plant and construct two booster pumping stations, one each at kidderpore and metiabruz.
for residents of joka and behala, kmc has planned construction of two booster pumping stations.
the kmc water supply department has good news for some residents of bhowanipore, lake gardens and dhakuria as well.
the civic body has planned construction of three booster pumping stations to offer them filtered water.
this story is from december 14, 2018the decision to augment the capacity of dhapa water treatment plant was taken after kolkata chief minister mam.
.
.
read moredownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
kolkata: prodded by the chief ministers office, the kolkata municipal corporation (kmc) has planned to augment the capacity of dhapa water treatment plant that supplies potable water to large areas located off em bypass and places adjacent to jadavpur according to sources in the kmc water supply department, the authorities are keen on enhancing the capacity of the water treatment plant by10 million gallons per day.
currently, the plant produces 30 million gallons water per day.
when the project is over, more than 2 lakh people living in areas like baghajatin, santoshpur (jadavpur), garfa, haltu and places off em bypass such as patuli, mukundapur , kalikapur, madurdaha and parts of anwar shah road connector will reap the benefits, said a kmc water supply department senior official.
however, this treated water is grossly insufficient to cater to the drinking water need of more than a million people staying in areas off bypass or adjacent to jadavpur, conceded a kmc water supply department official.
we knew that with the growth in population in areas along the bypass, there will be a spurt in demand of treated water from dhapa treatment plant.
accordingly, we had kept a provision for production of another 10 million gallons water from the plant.
today we have no alternatives but to tap the capacity of the plant to enhance water production, said a kmc official.
the decision to take up an augmentation plan for the dhapa water treatment plant was taken after chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjees instructions.
the cm recently asked firhad hakim to focus on the water scarcity in jadavpur-tollygunge area and places off em bypass.
hakim in turn asked the kmc water supply department officials to explore the possibility of augmenting the capacity of dhapa water treatment plant.
we are now ready with a blueprint of the augmentation project.
apart from enhancing the capacity of the plant, which draws untreated water from mayer ghat in bagbazar , we need to lay water pipes in areas where residents have no access to piped water.
the entire exercise may take a year, said a kmc water supply department official.
work for augmentation will start after an estimation of project cost and a nod from kmc finance department.
basanti: morufa bibi has been rushing to the cursed spot from where she picked up her 10-year-old son riazul on thursday.
he died in my lap.
we are daily wagers and have nothing to do with party politics.
why have i been punished?
she sobbed.
hetalkhali, the basanti village in south 24 parganas, looked like a ghost town the day after.
bloodstains mark the desolate road leading to adivasi mela, and trees bear bullet marks with used cartridges strewn all over.
there seems to be more in store when the bodies return to the village on saturday.
this is the fifth time in months that basanti witnessed such a bloodbath, courtesy the inner-party clash in trinamool.
yet, the warring chieftains  mantu gazi (former trinamool block president) and aman ali laskar (trinamool yuva)  stooped to body politics, claiming riazuls family were their supporters.
there was a similar showdown at charabidya bazar in the morning with trinamool yuva refusing to hand over hasan laskars (28) body to the police.
its leaders caused a ruckus, demanding immediate arrest of the culprits.
they also wondered how the body lay under a tree all night while police conducted raids in the locality since thursday.
around 10am, police took the body for post-mortem at laskars intervention.
so far, seven persons have been arrested, including trinamool gram panchayat member suchitra mahatos husband.
police have cordoned off the entire village.
thirteen-year old alamgir has been moving from one hospital to another with a bullet injury in his leg.
state combat force constable baneswar singh is still critical.
doctors have conducted a surgery on another injured, umesh bera, and taken the bullet out from his body.
the basanti incident has again embarrassed trinamool.
what happened is unfortunate.
chief minister mamatabanerjee is upset with the violence.
things normalized after the cm warned against such activities till violence broke out again on thursday.
our south 24 parganas president, sovan chatterjee , is looking into the party affair.
i am there to to give him all help.
the culprits will be taken to task, said trinamool secretary general partha chatterjee pratima mandal, trinamool mp from joynagar, has sent a report to sovan chatterjee.
the school students death is unpardonable.
i have urged action against the guilty, she said.
chatterjee has taken note of the report.
the party will take strong action, chatterjee said.
west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjeedownload the times of india news app for latest citykanchrapara: west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on friday insisted that those living in west bengal will have to learn to speak in bengali.
the tmc supremo also reiterated that outsiders instigated the doctors' agitation in the state and accused the bjp of targeting the bengalis and the minorities.
outsiders are instigating the doctors.
i had rightly said that they were involved in yesterday's protest.
i had seen some outsiders raising slogans (at sskm hospital), she said, while addressing a rally here.
just because they (bjp) won a few seats by programming the evms, it doesn't mean that they can beat up bengalis and minorities.
we will not tolerate this, the chief minister said.
the police will take action against the hooligans.
if someone is living in bengal, he or she has to learn bengali, she added.
kolkata: chief minister mamatabanerjee on friday led a rally in kolkata to generate awareness on the menace of illegally distilled liquor.
the rally holds significance on the backdrop of the death of 172 people who fell victim to spurious liquor in south 24-parganas earlier this month.
carrying placards that read say no to poison liquor and allow us to live a healthy life, activists and politicians marched from college square to esplanade.
besides the chief minister, some of her ministerial colleagues like subrata mukherjee, partha chatterjee and firhad hakim took part in the rally.
common people also joined in the march against hooch.
addressing an impromptu meeting, the chief minister said the administrative drive against illicit liquor would continue in the form of raids and arrests, but this was not enough to curb the menace.
it was important to generate social awareness against drinking of illicit liquor.
mothers and sisters, as well as intellectuals, must be vocal against this social habit.
mamata also to appealed to hooch traders to leave the practice and said it was necessary to create alternative means of livelihood for people engaged in the trade.
in every block, this habit is leading us to a social degeneration.
people do not have the money to buy rice but they are filling their bellies with illicit liquor.
a section of students and youths is also falling prey to this habit.
i do not blame them.
it is a social menace.
people have the privilege to choose what they will eat and drink.
but look at the posters which we are carrying in this rally.
please allow us to live a healthy life, the chief minister said.
kolkata: the martyrs' day rally on thursday will witness the launch of a trinamool congress youth platform.
the curtains will go up on the all-india trinamool yuva - an organization meant exclusively for the youth that will groom leaders for the future.
after kicking off in the districts and in kolkata, it will spread to other states, roping in youngsters between 21 and 35 years of age.
the announcement will be followed by yuva's theme song, penned and composed by singer roopam islam.
we already have a students' wing and a youth wing.
but there was disconnect between the two which needed to be bridged.
there are millions of youths willing to join trinamool who don't quite know how to go about it.
this platform is meant for them, though students and youths who are already members are free to join yuva as well.
we hope that youths will bring their energy and ideas to take the party forward, said abhishek.
the youngster made his first foray into active politics earlier this year by campaigning for manish gupta at jadavpur, prior to the assembly polls.
yuva will soon launch a membership drive to rope in youngsters across the 19 districts of bengal.
it will also hold monthly workshops to motivate and inspire its members to join politics and work for the state.
parents now discourage children from joining politics.
we would like to change that through yuva.
we shall tell youngsters that they can play a positive role in nation-building by joining the platform and that politics is not just about corruption and wheeling-dealing, said banerjee.
once yuva has taken off in the state, it will be launched in the neighbouring states of bihar, jharkhand, orissa, assam and tripura.
the other regions will then be taken up.
an energizing song on youth power has been composed by roopam islam as its theme.
kotha bole othhe aagamir poth, buke bendhe jite newar shopoth, shob onishchoyotar jobaab, hum honge kaamiyaab goes the song.
it has been recently recorded by islam and david aao, a musician from nagaland.
since the singers will not be in town on july 21, the recording will be played at the brigade.
yuva is mamatabanerjee banerjee's brainchild.
she has always been very enthusiastic about involving more young people in politics and yuva will aim to do just that, said a trinamool spokesperson.
this story is from november 19, 2018download the times of india news app for latest citykolkata: the alipore zoo authorities have proposed handing out jute bags to visitors to put their trash in.
on returning the bags at the gates when leaving the zoo, visitors will get a refund of their rs 30 entrance fee.
the authorities will also write to the state pollution control board to declare the zoo premises as a no-plastic zone.
this move coincides with the zoo authorities starting to impose fines on visitors found harassing animals.
state zoo authority member secretary v k yadav said that sometimes people shout at the animals and even pelt them with stones.
we will impose a spot fine of rs 500 on visitors if they are caught, he said.
yadav said that among the other proposals discussed during the recently-concluded zoo festival was writing to kolkata police to declare the area around the zoo a no-honking zone.
according to yadav, the zoo gets an annual footfall of around 35 lakh.
the attempt to reduce litter and clean up the zoo premises, incidentally, coincides with several steps introduced to clean up tourist spots statewide.
at the newly inaugurated dakshineswar skywalk, prodded by urban development minister firhad hakim, the kolkata metropolitan development authority (kmda) has decided that a fine of rs 1,001 would be slapped on anybody caught spitting or throwing trash.
a few people were caught spitting on the skywalk only a day after it was inaugurated.
bengal is among the few states in the country that have official anti-spitting laws.
the west bengal prohibition of smoking and spitting and protection of health of non-smokers and minors act, 2001, which became a law in bengal, has stiff penalty clauses.
spitting in public places can lead to an initial fine of rs 100, but can go up to five times that for subsequent offences.
the measures are, however, rarely implemented.
in the yet-to-be-inaugurated kolkata gate, the new town kolkata development authority (nkda) will constantly monitor the premises.
we will follow the arrangements set up at the mothers wax museum.
there will be 24x7 surveillance of visitors.
there will be cctv cameras inside the kolkata gate ring and security personnel will keep constant watch.
those caught littering will be asked to clean up after themselves, said an nkda official.
chief minister mamatabanerjee has repeatedly stressed on action against people who spit and throw trash in public places.
she had also spoken of examining legal provisions to add more teeth to the law.
spitting in public places, legal experts said, can also be deemed a penal offence under section 268 of the indian penal code.
local laws under the calcutta police act also allows for fine for causing nuisance in public places.
this story is from february 2, 2019file photo of mamatabanerjee banerjeemake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
kolkata: a day after cbi questioned her close aide manik majumdar and sent summons to her senior party colleagues derek obrien and subrata bakshi west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on friday lashed out at the agency.
dont be surprised if they send a notice to my cook (at my kalighat home).
im waiting for it.
how many notices can they send?
im waiting, she told a press conference here.
today i have opposed the budget, spoken a word or two before you all.
for this, they may even arrest me.
but i do not blame cbi officers because they are being compelled to do that.
i have heard that these officers are summoned to the pms residence.
they are told kuch toh karo.
isko notice bhejo, usko notice bhejo.
chaiwallah seh kya cbiwallah ban gaye hain (do something.
send notices to these people.
tea seller has become cbi sleuth?
), she said.
bjp state president dilip ghosh said, they lack political courtesy.
she is surrounded by people who are on cbi radar .
realising that, she is now scared.
according to sources, the cm didnt take cbi questioning her long-time aide majumdar lightly.
he is ailing and elderly.
he is honest to the core.
they did not spare him too.
what are they trying to signal?
they will intimidate me?
political persecution is not new to me.
i cannot be intimidated like this, a senior tmc leader quoted her as saying.
majumdar has been working with mamatabanerjee since she was an mp and is now tasked with handling party affairs from her home.
sources in trinamool claimed the chief minister had done over 100 paintings and some were sold at a very low price.
no one questions that.
she herself has never personally taken a single paisa from the sale of paintings, a source said.
another trinamool leader said, every paisa is accounted for.
there are annual audits to prove it.
however, there was a phase when the party accounts were looked after by a senior leader now in bjp.
he left everything in a mess.
but that has been corrected since.
they can let loose as many agencies as they want but they cannot prove anything.
senior trinamool leaders said raids were more political due to their timing.
kolkata: bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on friday used the rajya sabha nominations to drive a wedge between congress and cpm, even as both parties state legislative wings were discussing the possibility of selecting a common candidate.
banerjee named four trinamool leaders for the four rajya sabha seats that the party is sure of winning from bengal.
but it was her second decision, to support congress candidate abhishek manu singhvi, that may help take care of several of her niggling problems and keep the secular opposition in bengal divided  and confounded  forever.
this decision, for one, left bengal cpm in total disarray vis-a-vis its off-and-on relationship with congress.
cpm, which risks becoming a largely one-state party following the recent tripura defeat, has been having a vexed internal dialogue on the issue, with divisions even within state and district committees over whether to accept the congresss hand.
fridays move has also taken care of the strident anti-trinamool elements within the state congress unit for the time being.
banerjee has shown the likes of bengal congress president adhir chowdhury that she has a direct line with the congress high command and can strike a deal with the gandhis as and when she chooses.
trinamool circles here, as if to rub it in, indicated that the request to help with one rs seat came directly from the congress leadership.
a senior trinamool leader said: the cm had more or less made up her mind to field five trinamool candidates.
this sudden change  to field four party candidates and leave one berth for the congress  has to do with the congress request.
cpms initial reaction to banerjees move indicated it did not know what had hit it.
the left and congress legislative parties were discussing how to nominate a common candidate.
we were thinking of selecting an educationist or a social worker but, before we could make up our mind, the congress high command unilaterally announced a candidate, left front chairman biman bose said.
the left front nominated veteran cpm leader rabin deb for one rs seat but, with the bloc having only 32 votes in the bengal assembly (49 first-preference votes are needed to ensure one rs berth), it may be left without too many options.
bengal congress president chowdhury blamed the lf for the discussions failing to reach a definite conclusion.
we asked them to support our candidate but they wanted to field an independent candidate.
i called up sitaram yechury on thursday and told him to reconsider their decision.
so i immediately agreed when madam (sonia gandhi) called me up later on thursday evening and told me that the central leadership had decided to nominate singhvi, chowdhury said, trying to explain what had happened behind the scene.
he is our party member and a competent candidate, chowdhury said.
but he put up a braver face than the lf: it is the trinamools choice; we have not asked them to support our candidate.
congress has 44 votes in the bengal assembly and is five short of the 49 first-preference votes required to book an rs seat.
but the trinamool, which has 211 mlas, will actually have 15 more votes after it sends four of its own candidates to parliaments upper house (it needs 196 mlas for four rs berths); these 15 votes can be singhvis lifeline.
singhvi was an rs member from rajasthan.
this story is from december 24, 2018download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
hyderabad: telangana chief minister k chandrasekhar raos journey to cobble together a national coalition of regional parties took him to bhubaneswar on sunday where he met odisha cm naveen patnaik.
it is certain that the country needs a qualitative change, for which a dialogue has begun and we are doing our best, said kcr after the meeting.
there is a dire need for unification of regional parties.
there has to be an alternative to bjp and congress, said kcr during a joint media briefing.
kcr has been making efforts to form a federal front with non-bjp and non-congress parties since march this year.
praising naveen, kcr said odisha government has been implementing various welfare schemes for farmers like telanganas rythu bandhu and making the state a role model in the country.
he also lauded naveen for proposing 33  reservation for women in legislature.
naveen said, we discussed the polavaram project, meeting likeminded parties, women reservations and other issues.
before reaching bhubaneshwar on sunday evening, kcr was given a rousing reception at visakhapatnam , where he visited vishaka sharada peetham and offered rituals at rajashyamala temple on the peetham premises.
scores of people had gathered at the airport.
sources said many of the workers even belonged to ysrcp and jana sena.
kcr has been moving closely with ysrcp and jana sena.
both the parties, indirectly supported trs in the recent elections.
ysrcp mla chevireddy bhaskar reddy had received kcrs wife shobha and trs mla t harish rao last week when they visited tirumala.
as a friendly gesture to ysrcp, kcr said he would campaign for jagan in andhra, in the coming general elections.
kcr will visit konark and puri temples on monday and leave for kolkata.
hell meet west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee to discuss on the federal front.
panskura/kolkata: the calcutta high court has reinstated anisur rehman as chairman of panskura municipality, two months after rehman submitted his resignation from the post in october allegedly under pressure from trinamool and later joined bjp on december 9.
going by the high court order, rehman is going to be the first bjp municipality chairman in bengal.
the high court on wednesday held that rehmans removal from the chairmans post was inappropriate even as 10 trinamool councillors of the 18 in panskura municipality had adopted a resolution for his removal.
bjp leaders are waiting for the copy of the court order before rehman resumes the chairmans post replacing incumbent nanda mishra .
the order has come as a shot in the arm for bjp ahead of the sabang assembly bypoll on december 21.
rehman had come into a confrontation with the adhikari family (sisir and suvendu adhikari) after he defied the party whip and got elected as municipality chairman with support from trinamool councillors.
the defiance prompted party secretary general partha chatterjee to expel rehman for six years.
days after his expulsion, the defiant chairman held a meeting at ward 15 of the municipality flaunting trinamool mp abhishek banerjees photograph.
his loyalty to chief minister mamatabanerjee and her nephew abhishek couldnt save his chairmans chair.
rehman had to resign in october, presumably under pressure from the adhikaris.
trouble had begun after rehman, leading the trinamool poll campaign in the panskura civic polls in august 2017, made a claim for the chairmans post after bagging 17 of the total 18 seats, with one going to bjp.
even as party higher-ups didnt like him as chairman candidate, rehman bagged the plum post with the support of 17 trinamool councillors.
later, coming under pressure from the party, rehman wrote to the district administration that he was unwilling to continue as chairman.
his letter was accepted on november 24, following which rehman moved the high court on november 27, seeking relief.
justice subrata talukdar held that rehman shouldnt have been removed in absentia.
file photonew delhi: trinamool congress (tmc) mp derek o'brien on saturday said he had informed the cbi that he would appear before the agency after the parliament session ends on august 7 and asserted that he would not be intimidated.
the central bureau of investigation (cbi) has summoned the rajya sabha mp to join investigation in the saradha ponzi scheme case.
officials said on friday that the quizmaster-turned-politician may be questioned about some some financial transactions noticed by sleuths in the bank accounts of tmc mouthpiece 'jago bangla'.
o'brien is the publisher of the party's official newspaper.
earlier, when parliament was in session i was served a notice.
i immediately wrote to the cbi stating that since parliament was in session i would appear on a date after the session has concluded, o'brien said in a statement.
however, a day before i was supposed to meet the cbi, they called and informed me that i am not required to meet them.
i also sent them a letter reconfirming the same, he said.
the cbi is investigating links of arrested bengali film producer shrikant mohta to the promoters of rose valley, a company accused in the scam.
mohta had allegedly cut a deal of rs 25 crore with the promoters of rose valley and a portion of this money is suspected to have been diverted in 'jago bangla' account.
since february, i have not received any intimation from them.
now, during this parliament session, i was served a notice asking me to appear before them on august 1.
i have sent them a letter stating that i would meet them after this session is over on august 7, o'brien said.
let me also add that i will not be intimidated.
in february, i had agreed to appear before the cbi after the session was over, but the cbi chose not to meet me.
this time too i am ready to meet them, he said.
the cbi may also question the tmc leader regarding the sale of several paintings of party chief mamatabanerjee which were purchased by owners of several ponzi scam companies allegedly at a huge price, the officials said.
several such paintings worth lakhs of rupees have been seized by the agency, they said.
o'brien, in a tweet on friday, had alleged that the cbi notice was sent as his party had opposed amendments to the right to information act in parliament.
the july 25 notice coincided with the tmc's motion against the rti (amendment) bill in the rajya sabha, he claimed.
the supreme court had ordered a probe into the multi-crore rupee saradha scam and transferred the case to cbi in 2014.
thousands of investors were left in the lurch by the scam and it led to the arrest of many leaders and ministers of the tmc.
all of them are now out on bail.
saradha group founder sudipta sen and his associate debjani mukherjee, arrested in 2013 from kashmir, are in custody.
this story is from november 20, 2018partha chatterjeedownload the times of india news app for latest citykolkata: the state government is trying to develop a mechanism to monitor the functioning of the private schools, education minister partha chatterjee said in the assembly on monday.
the minister also said the government noticed there are irregularities in the functioning of the private schools and the government is determined to streamline these schools.
in a reply to a question by the opposition leader abdul mannan, chatterjee said many private schools are being operated on the basis of the central affiliation only and they are not obtaining a no-objection certificate from the state education department .
in some cases it was found that the licences for running the schools have been issued against one person but are being run by someone else.
the government will not allow these private schools to run without the proper no-objection certificate.
it may be mentioned that state government has already taken a tough stand against some private schools for their arbitrary fee hike.
chief minister mamatabanerjee also held a meeting with senior officials of the private schools in the state in june 2017, urging them to consider their hefty fee structure.
the minister also said the drop out rate in government schools in the state has improved and the government is designing a mechanism so that the teacher-student ratio in the state-run schools can be rationalised.
in some schools there are more teachers than required where many schools are suffering due to lack of teachers.
we are working on a system where excess teachers can be better utilised.
if needed, we will recruit more, chatterjee added.
kolkata: it was 2.
15am on that fateful december 9 morning.
kalpana das had left her shanty in panchanantala slum to fetch water when she noticed smoke wafting out of the second floor of amri dhakuria.
it could be the mist, she thought.
kalpana rubbed her eyes and looked at the building again.
mist couldn't be black.
she could see dark fumes curling out of the window corners.
now, she could smell it.
smoke.
she turned and screamed 'hasptal-e agun legechhe!
'.
i let out a desperate yell to wake up my neighbours.
i could see some silhouettes hastily moving around in the hospital corridors.
for the next two-three minutes, there wasn't any response from my neighbours.
i kept screaming until they started trickling out, one by one.
i could sense the situation was very dangerous because the smoke was getting dense by the minute.
soon, i had around a dozen men with me and we headed straight for the hospital gates.
strangely, the security guards were calmly pacing up and down and seemed to be in no hurry at all.
they shouted at us when we asked them to check what was going on.
'it's nothing serious.
you don't have to bother, leave the gates,' we were told, she told toi at her rundown shack, barely 10 feet from the walls of the hospital.
das and the youths accompanying her refused to give up.
within the next five minutes, we were back at the gates.
there was still no urgency there.
this time, i could hear muffled screams from behind the glass windows.
i pointed at the smoke-filled third floor and pleaded with the guards to rush there.
you can save lives, i told them.
no one budged.
nor did they allow us to enter.
i fell at the feet of one of the guards, but they remained unmoved and said they cannot do anything unless their bosses instructed them, kalpana said.
the slum dwellers decided to take action.
some of them smashed a hole in the boundary wall but it took time.
forty-five precious minutes had been lost by then.
it was not before 3am that the first rescue attempt started.
the fire-brigade, too, had arrived.
when we reached the smoke-filled floors, scores of patients had gone limp.
some were still feebly moving their limbs.
we knew that few would survive.
had it not been for kalpana didi, perhaps all of them would have perished, said ranjit sardar, her neighbour who was awarded a medal and rs 5,000 for his bravery along with 64 others from the slum at a police function on tuesday.
kalpana, however, was not among them.
she doesn't regret having missed out on the award.
i didn't raise the alarm for recognition or awards.
it was a spontaneous reaction.
i couldn't have gone back to sleep when people were dying helplessly.
i wish the guards and the hospital authorities had been a little more humane.
these people deserve to be punished, she said.
kalpana, who works as a maid, shares a 10 feet by 8 feet hut with her nephew.
when we heard her scream, we thought burglars have broken into her home.
honestly, few thought it was an emergency till they too a long hard look at the hospital building.
but kalpana never stopped till she had gathered enough of us.
she acted selflessly and was even ready to go into the building, said her neighbour kamini mondol.
the men had to hold back kalpana from entering the gas chamber.
it was worth the risk for the sake of the old, infirm patients who choked to death.
i wish i had saves even one of them, she said.
you have done a great job.
there could be some who have got left out.
we shall felicitate them as well, she said.
this story is from february 8, 2019bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee (file photo)central deputation of 5 ips officers may be blockeddownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
new delhi/kolkata: a new front has been opened in the centre-versus-state battle, with the ministry of home affairs all set to take punitive action against five senior ips officers posted in bengal the home ministry has accused state director-general of police virendra, additional dg (security) vineet kumar goyal, additional dg (law and order) anuj sharma, salt lake commissioner of police gyanwant singh and kolkata police additional commissioner supratim sarkar of taking part in the dharna convened by bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee to protest against last sundays cbis special operation at city police commissioner rajeev kumars residence.
the home ministry move drew an immediate reaction from the bengal government, with cm mamatabanerjee strongly refuting the centres charges.
these officers are tasked with (the states) security.
they met me for 10 minutes on sunday evening to brief me and left that night itself.
they never stepped on the dharna dais on monday and tuesday, she said on thursday, which was corroborated by others who were present at the esplanade site from sunday night to tuesday evening (when mamatabanerjee withdrew the agitation).
central officials said the action against the five senior cops might include stripping them of awards they won for meritorious service during their career, barring them from seeking deputation at the centre for a certain period and removing their names from the centres empanelled seniority list.
the mha is expected to take similar action against city police chief kumar, against whom it has also sought disciplinary action.
banerjee made light of the mha threats.
i will give bangabibhusan (the states highest award) to these officers if the centre takes back their medals.
i will send a kawra chithi (strongly worded letter) if they send me one, she told reporters on the sidelines of the bengal global business summit on thursday afternoon.
the home ministry is also believed to have asked the bengal government to take action against them for alleged violation of all-india service rules.
in a clause-by-clause communication on tuesday, the ministry said every member of the service shall at all times maintain absolute integrity and devotion to duty and do nothing unbecoming of a member of the service.
the bengal government has denied receiving any such letter.
officials here said on thursday that the mha action smacked of political vendetta.
this violates the principles of natural justice.
the chief minister is also the state home minister and these officers report to her.
there is no rule that spells out that a police officer will brief their superiors only at designated places, an official said.
the cm also gets z-plus security cover.
a pre-budget cabinet meeting was due at the esplanade site on monday morning, which came with its security and traffic implications.
the state budget also has a significant police component.
and one of the officers named on thursday, incidentally, is tasked with cms security, the official added.
state home secretary atri bhattacharya refused to comment on thursdays developments.
the five officers, too, refused to speak.
but their colleagues said they were at esplanade in their official capacity.
another official insisted not even one officer had been on the dais during the entire tenure.
the footage will show that no one was sitting beside the cm on the dais.
these officers left the spot on sunday once the entire area was sanitised and all anti-terror checks were carried out, a senior home department official said.
they never stepped on the dharna dais even on monday and tuesday, he added.
kolkata: having failed to find enough takers for the posts of principal in government and government-aided colleges, the state education department has decided to re-introduce the position of vice-principal.
it has been decided the vice-principal will be asked to take charge in case a college doesn't have a principal.
several incidents of violence on campus and constant interference from the student unions have been a hindrance to appointing principals in recent years.
announcing this at the state assembly on thursday , education minister partha chatterjee added the government will phase out the posts of teachers-in-charge.
we had 177 vacancies for principals and we have been able to fill up 66 posts.
not too many people are interested in a promotion to join as the principal.
we are holding discussions with the governing bodies of all colleges and trying to convince them to give emoluments in order to make the post lucrative to seek more applicants.
chief minister mamatabanerjee has also extended her support and asked the college principals not to accept any undue pressure from any quarter, said chatterjee.
later, chatterjee said in most cases, the teachers-incharge were shifting all responsibilities and decisionmaking on to the college governing bodies (gbs).
we have requested the gbs to give reimbursements for mobile or telephone bills and also to provide fuel costs to the college principals.
the governing bodies will now decide the limit of money which can be allotted to provide such emoluments.
the principals will also receive rs 3,000 more as salary .
we will ask the gbs to chalk out similar emoluments for vice-principals as well.
to make the post accountable, we are also considering some additional salary to the selected vice-principals which shall be less than that of the principals, said a source.
vice-principals will be appointed from among seniormost teachers in colleges in the rank of associate professor or senior assistant professor.
the college service commiccion will fix the eligibility criteria.
the state government's move to reintroduce the post of vice-principals is a good one.
because, in the absence of such apost, it became easier for some college authorities to find excuses and shirk responsibility.
this story is from january 31, 2019abhimanyu's brothers and cousins in front of the memorial erected in surat, his home towndownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
kolkata: the courts refusal to recognize the murder charge against sambia has strengthened bajrangi gauds resolve to continue the fight for the punishment of the killers of his brother, air force officer abhimanyu gaud.
the family of five in surat, from where corporal abhimanyu gaud hailed, received the news through an acquaintance in kolkata on wednesday morning.
they immediately got in touch with a liaison officer in the air force, hoping to confirm the news.
we will not give up.
we will continue our fight for justice.
it is important to us that the killers of our brother are penalised, were the first words that bajrangi said when toi contacted him on phone after the verdict.
bajrangi, 23, works in a bank and is also preparing for the civil services exam.
the entire family had been waiting for the verdict since last week, when an air force officer informed them that a lower court was scheduled to deliver the verdict on wednesday.
we are deeply pained after hearing the news, he said.
my parents, who are very old, broke into tears.
after the untimely death of my brother, they only lived to see the killers of my brother brought to book.
even that hope was dashed today.
but this has strengthened our resolve to continue our fight.
on january 13, 2016, abhimanyu  a graduate in business administration who joined the air force in 2014 and was posted in the kalaikunda airbase  died when a speeding audi, allegedly being driven by sambia, knocked him down during the republic day parade rehearsal.
sambia is the son of former mla mohammad sohrab .
he was arrested three days after the accident.
on the two anniversaries of his brothers death, bajrangi and his cousins and elder brother held a small memorial service in surat to pay respects and remember abhimanyu.
perhaps the fight ahead will give me another chance to live, said abhimanyus father, ranglal gaud, over the phone, breaking into tears.
the family has made a heartfelt appeal to chief minister mamatabanerjee to help them fight to get the killers punished.
we are making an emotional appeal to the honourable chief minister mamatabanerjee to help us get justice.
she is known to be very fair and help those in need.
our family needs her support at this hour, said bajrangi.
the family is also thinking of writing to senior officials of the air force.
we will urge them to speak to higher-ups and consult their legal experts and appeal in the higher court, said father ranglal.
whats driving them are the memories of a boy who loved airplanes and helicopters, of a boy who was loved by his seniors in the extended family that was the air force.
he used to tell us stories about how his seniors guided and helped him during training.
abhimanyu loved his country and wanted to be a loyal soldier, said bajrangi.
representative imagekolkata: truckers participating in the state-wide strike have decided to postpone their agitation till september 8.
the decision followed an assurance from chief minister mamatabanerjee and transport minister suvendu adhikari that either would meet the truckers to resolve their problems.
the strike on wednesday entered its third day, impacting goods transportation, resulting in a price hike for some commodities due to the demand-supply mismatch.
transport department officers informed the truckers that either of the ministers will meet the truckers between august 27 and september 7.
if nothing fruitful emerges within this period, we shall resume the strike, said subhas bose, secretary of federation of west bengal truck operators associations.
meanwhile, prices of several perishable items shot up.
the stranded trucks resulted in 30  of the goods rotting, west bengal vegetable vendors association president kamal dey said.
kolkata: the upa government has accepted chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjee's concern that maoists are stalling development work in jangalmahal and has decided to send a battalion of central forces to bengal to help implement welfare projects.
the jawans will monitor the development work and take steps should anyone try to hinder it.
mamata is determined to push through with her projects for the maoist-affected districts of bankura, purulia and west midnapore.
she has told her officers that she would be flooding jangalmahal with infrastructure projects.
she has told us not to bother about funds.
all she wants is that officers down to the block level work diligently and ensure that they complete their mission.
bdos told the cm at a recent video conference that they were helpless when faced with groups whose sole aim is to intimidate and stall work, said a senior official at writers' buildings.
the same complaint has come from chhattisgarh as well, prompting the home ministry to sanction seven battalions (around 7,000 personnel) of security personnel whose job will be a little different from those of other central forces in the area.
the new units are christened 'specialized india reserve battalions' (sirbs).
bengal and chhattisgarh have been asked to raise one each.
unlike the other 37 irbs in the red zones all over the country, these battalions will have engineers as well.
the centre has asked the two governments to recruit local tribals for the units.
soon after taking charge in may, mamatabanerjee had increased the funds for jangalmahal.
most of the funds (rs 68 crore) allocated in 2010-11 had gone unused by the left front government.
people were taken aback when mamatabanerjee increased it to rs 200 crore in spite of the financial crisis.
she recently told officials that it would be doubled in the next fiscal.
so, the need of the hour is proper implementation of the projects.
contractors have shunned the three maoist-affected districts ever since the lalgarh movement in 2008.
the new government is trying to instill confidence in them to get on with the work in jangalmahal.
now that the centre is helping out, it will be a tremendous boost to the morale of government employees involved in these projects as well as private contractors, said an official of the paschimanchal unnyan affairs department.
the sirb jawans will also develop sources among the tribals so that they can dissuade youths from joining the maoist ranks.
the jawans will try and involve the tribals in development work, said the official.
the paschimanchal unnayan affairs department (in charge of development of the maoist-affected districts) has just lined up with various other departments so that the rs 72 crores at its disposal can be put to use by march 2012.
the chief minister will receive a shot in the as the union roads and transport ministry has allocated rs 7,300 crore for roads in 60 maoist-affected districts all over the country.
this story is from january 16, 2019another proposal is to set up smart labs at all government schools in west bengal.
download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
kolkata: the school education department has decided to install 18 cctv cameras and biometric attendance system at all 41 governmentrun schools in bengal, including two primary teachers training institutes, from the current academic session.
all the cctv cameras will be installed in public spaces on school premises that are accessible to outsiders.
it is part of the upgrade of the schools security system proposed by a self-regulatory commission set up by chief minister mamatabanerjee in 2017 to oversee the functioning of private schools and their ever-increasing fees.
the panel has suggested some safety guidelines for schools and we decided to start with implementing them at government-run schools, a source said.
the circular, to be issued by the education department, also specifies the locations where the cameras will be installed.
it includes areas, such as corridors, outside toilets, near the headmistress or headmasters rooms, main and other gates of the campuses, libraries, laboratories and if necessary, outside classrooms, the source said.
education minister partha chatterjee has already given a go-ahead to the upgrade.
the aim of starting a biometric attendance system for teachers is reportedly to keep a tab on them attending school and taking classes.
we receive several complaints about teachers being absent or not taking classes or leaving before time.
this system will help us monitor the situation, said a nabanna source.
moreover, we want to offer the same infrastructure in government schools as in private institutes to boost parents confidence.
saugata basu, secretary of west bengal government school teachers association, said, we need to know where the cctvs will have to be installed.
if they are put up on the playgrounds, at gates or even at the canteens, it will mean students behaviour will be monitored and that will be beneficial for schools.
but if the purpose of the government is to set up cameras to put teachers and other staffers under the scanner, the policy will not work out.
in that case, teachers activities inside staffrooms and outside classrooms will be questioned at every step.
basu is also sceptical about the biometric attendance system for teachers.
it can be bypassed if finger identification machines are installed.
fingerprint can be duplicated.
the mechanism can work only if finger identification and cards are introduced simultaneously, he said.
among the other proposals is setting up of smart labs at all state schools.
kolkata: the state government is giving shape to a new law which proposes a five- to ten-fold hike in penalties for first-time traffic offences.
dangerous driving could lead to a fine of rs 4,000 for the first offence instead of the current rs 400, while driving without helmets and speeding would result in a fine of rs 1,000 for the first offence and much more for successive offences.
even minor violations like jumping signals or unlawful parking would attract a fine of rs 500 instead of the current rs 100.
most importantly, bikes seized for rash driving can only be released after the case is adjudicated by a magistrate.
the proposals have already been cleared by the transport department and lalbazar and are now being scrutinized by the home department before they are sent to chief minister mamatabanerjee for approval.
it was the cm who had set the ball rolling in the matter, urging the police and the transport department to examine if the existing traffic laws could be made more stringent.
the government is likely to place a bill in the assembly to usher in the changes.
while framing the proposals, the state transport department sought detailed legal opinion on the process of implementation.
it was felt that while the hike in penalties could be executed by issuing a formal notification, a bill would enable the police to act faster and make the prosecution process speedier.
however, it is unlikely that the bill will be tabled in the ongoing assembly session, which ends on may 30, given its manifold legal ramifications.
neither transport minister subhendu adhikari nor kolkata police additional commissioner vineet goyal agreed to speak on the proposed bill.
the state move also coincides with a similar attempt by the centre to increase fines for traffic offences.
the amended central bill has already been passed by the lok sabha.
the matter, however, falls within the concurrent list, giving the state the leg-room to make the changes on its own.
transport department sources said the fine structure is being prepared so that it acts as a deterrent.
the proposals were initially aimed at curbing bike-racing, but was extended to other traffic offences later.
driving a vehicle at excessive speed, for example, had various penalties depending on the nature of vehicle.
the first offences often led to fines ranging between rs 200 and rs 600 with rs 1000 being charged for the third offence and every offence thereafter.
now, the first offence itself will attract a fine of rs 1000.
dangerous driving under section 184 of the motor vehicles act, 1988, had a rs 400 penalty for car and bike drivers for the first offence.
this amount will be hiked to rs 4000-5000.
relatively lesser offences like traffic signal violation, wrong parking, centre-line violation or even stop line violation would now result in a fine of rs 500 for the first offence.
for bikers, driving without a helmet will attract a penalty of rs 1000 for the first offence.
we are amending the motor vehicle act to empower the police to cancel or suspend driving licences, registration and permits.
we are also studying legal options to enhance the burden of the penalties on errant drivers, said a senior official.
malda: bury the hatchet one day, and step up the attack the other day.
this seems to be the working relation between the allies in west bengal - trinamool congress and congress.
a day after mausam noor made peace with chief minister mamatabanerjee , the youth congress state president was back to her anti-trinamool stance in malda on tuesday.
the north malda mp on tuesday called on the superintendent of police and expressed her resentment against the partisan role of police.
trinamool supporters are out to grab the land of poor farmers at habibpur, gajole and other areas.
their leaders are misusing power of being in the government, mausam said.
she also alleged that trinamool was providing shelter to cpm goons to unleash attacks on congress workers.
the congress-trinamool relations turned from bad to worse in malda following the clash at mahinagar, gajole where a trinamool activist was killed and many seriously injured.
trinamool general secretary mukul roy visited the district to meet the victims and accused congress for the attack.
roy said, scared with trinamool's gaining grounds in the district, the congress has taken to attacking our supporters.
however, noor retorted, saying, the incident of mahinagar was nothing political.
interestingly, the persons trinamool claimed as its supporters were known as cpm activist of the locality.
if the criminals were arrested, we had nothing to say.
but the police are rounding up innocent congress supporters and villagers.
noor cited the instance of a 70-year-old man, or the class-iv student who were not spared.
we have specific complaint against police arresting those who were nowhere near the incident.
i've spoken to police superintendent in this regard.
i told him that the congress won't sit idle if police continue with the harassment.
in response to the claim of trinamool leaders mukul roy and sabitri mitra that the party would soon emerge as the strongest force in the district, noor said, the way trinamool congress is giving shelter to cpm goons, i have every doubt whether this party has any future in the district.
bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjeekolkata: the truckers in bengal postponed their statewide strike till september 8 from 12am on thursday following an assurance from chief minister mamatabanerjee and transport minister suvendu adhikari that either of them would meet the truckers to resolve their problems.
the strike entered the third day on wednesday, leaving widespread impact on the goods' transportation.
the price of some commodities started upward swing because of demand-supply mismatch.
the transport department officers conveyed the information to truckers and also said that the government was sympathetic with them on 80 per cent of their issues.
the transport department sources said that either the chief minister or the transport minister would meet the truckers any day between august 27 and september 7.
honouring the words from our chief minister, we have decided to postpone the strike till september 8.
if nothing fruitful emerges within this period, we would resume the strike, said subhas bose, secretary of federation of west bengal truck operators associations (fwbtoa).
with the meeting between the transport department officials and truckers proving futile, the chief minister herself intervened and proposed the date for the possible meeting.
we hope only she can resolve our issues, said bose.
prices of some vegetables, which are perishable items, started going up.
we hope, they will come down and stabilise after truck movement assumes normalcy.
because the trucks were stranded at different inter-state borders, rot set in 30 per cent of perishable vegetables, said kamal dey, west bengal vegetable vendors association president.
kolkata: opposition parties of west bengal on saturday attacked chief minister mamatabanerjee for not being serious about resolving the situation arising from the protests by junior doctors and asked her to apologise to them.
the bjp, the congress and the cpm blamed mamatabanerjee for the ongoing crisis in the state's health sector and accused her of being more interested in scoring political brownie points rather than diffusing the tension.
from the very beginning she was adamant.
it is due to her arrogance and ego that the situation has snowballed into such a crisis.
had she been serious about resolving it, she should have apologised and accepted all the demands of the doctors, which are justified, bjp national secretary rahul sinha said.
the agitating junior doctors have demanded an unconditional apology from the chief minister for her remarks at the sskm hospital on thursday.
she alleged that outsiders had entered medical colleges to create disturbance and that the agitation as a handiwork of the cpm and the bjp.
cpm central committee member sujan chakraborty too blamed mamatabanerjee for the crisis and urged her to take action to resolve the impasse.
had she gone to the nrs medical college and spoken to the doctors, the matter would have been resolved.
but she made it a prestige issue.
she should remember that the prestige of the state is bigger than that of her own, chakraborty said.
the junior doctors have demanded that the chief minister come to the nrs medical college and hospital where two of their colleagues were assaulted and seriously injured on monday night by relatives of a patient who died.
state congress president somen mitra said mamatabanerjee should stop threatening doctors.
she has got it all wrong in her basics.
from the very beginning she started threatening the doctors.
she should remember that her politics of threat and intimidation will not work in all cases, mitra said.
the chief minister on saturday said her government has not invoked the esma even after five days of agitation by the junior doctors, and appealed to them to rejoin duties.
the agitators turned down her appeal saying there was no honest effort on her part to break the deadlock.
visakhapatnam: kicking off her campaign for the lok sabha polls, chief minister mamatabanerjee on sunday challenged prime minister narendra modi to a us presidential-style debate on key issues.
i am ready to fight against him politically.
let him pose questions to me, i will reply.
i will ask him questions and he must reply.
there will be no teleprompters.
if you want your state to move forward, you must elect chandrababu naidu.
he has experience of working at the centre.
she also supported delhi cm arvind kejriwals demand for full statehood to delhi.
it needs to be resolved, she added.
please think twice and vote, for the future of the country is at stake.
even appealing to bjps sister groups not to support modi and bjp chief amit shah in polls, she said: bjp has sister organisations.
i would like to request them that if you love the country, please dont support narendra modi and amit shah.
we will work together to form a peoples government at the centre.
banerjee even claimed bjp wont get a single parliamentary seat in bengal and it wont cross the 125-mark in the 543-member lok sabha.
the bengal cm also spoke against the bjp-led centre for taking control of all premier institutions, creating an atmosphere of fear, hindering states functioning, and changing the constitution.
if modi and amit shah come back to power, the country will not remain the same anymore.
we will lose all freedoms, she said.
this story is from january 26, 2019priyanka gandhi (file photo)download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
vadodara: senior bjp leader ram madhav on friday tried to downplay priyanka gandhi vadras entry into active politics.
reacting on congress recent decision of appointing priyanka as general secretary for uttar pradesh (east) marking her entry into active politics, madhav said that priyanka gandhi is already into active politics.
it is mere formality.
she has entered many times.
in up, she has been campaigning many times and she is active politics since years.
everybody has seen what she could or what she could not achieve, said madhav, national general secretary of bjp.
it is up to the congress to decide who should be their leader, said madhav, who was in the city to take part in the inaugural function of yugantaar, a national level youth convention organised by m s universitys institute of leadership and governance.
on the opposition that the bjp is facing from west bengal chief minister (cm) mamatabanerjee , the bjp leader said that the cm is trying to obstruct even normal political activity of bjp in west bengal.
there are attempts to stall our rallies.
despite all kinds of pressure, our rallies are getting tremendous support which is irking mamataji.
we are confident that people in bengal will support us against such behaviour of mamataji, he said.
the bjp leader stressed that the ground situation in jammu & kashmir (j&k) is improving.
when we were part of the state government and now through the efforts made by centre, development works are gaining momentum while terrorism is on a decline, he said.
expressing confidence that bjp will come to power again at centre, the bjp leader said that the forthcoming polls will witness prime minister narendra modi and developments carried out during his tenure on one side and opportunistic gang on the other side.
i dont say on the basis of astrology or any surveys.
based on public opinion and their love for modiji, i am confident that we will form government again, he said.
jhansi: taking a dig at the bjp leaders who recently met west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee to drum up support for a third front ahead of 2019 elections, union minister and jhansi mp uma bharti said that they were like the rickshaw-pullers and labourers in lucknow who claim to be descendants of avadhs nawab wajid ali shah in an exclusive chat with toi during her visit to jhansi, bharti said, these people have no role in national politics or in the party.
their situation is similar to rickshaw-pullers and labourers in lucknow who still boast that they are descendants of wajid ali shah.
disgruntled bjp leaders shatrughan sinha, yashwant sinha and arun shourie had met trinamool congress chief mamatabanerjee recently in new delhi to discuss the formation of a front to take on pm narendra modi bharti said the third front has no future as it was being formed with the negative ideology of defeating pm modi.
whenever a third front was formed, be it after emergency or during the regime of vp singh and hd deve gowda , bjp always supported it.
but parties coming together now have no standing outside their states.
this front has no ideology except to oppose pm modi.
they have nothing to offer to the country.
ay polarisation against pm modi will fail.
talking about corruption, uma said that bureaucrats were not able to keep pace with pm modi and cm yogi adityanath.
corruption like terrorism is selfgenerated and to suppress it, we have to work at a pace faster than its growth.
to fight corruption, bureaucrats need to change their mindset.
when asked about the statehood demand for bundelkhand, she said that people of madhya pradesh do not want a separate state.
in case of up, if a map with properly defined boundaries is made, it can be put up before states reorganisation commission.
when asked about her decision of not contesting election for next three years, she said, i had taken sanyas way back in 1992.
presently, my health is not very good and doctors have suggested that i should lead a disciplined life.
hence, i decided not to contest any elections but i will be working for the party.
she said that bjps only challenge in 2019 will be to stand up to peoples expectations.
we will have to answer how many promises mentioned in our manifesto have been fulfilled.
this story is from december 17, 2018pandit arun bhaduri (file photo)download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
kolkata: renowned classical singer pandit arun bhaduri passed away at a city hospital on monday morning after a prolonged illness, family sources said.
he was 75 and is survived by wife and son.
pandit bhaduri, considered to be one of the masters of bengali songs and bhajans, was suffering from chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and other respiratory ailments for quite sometime.
chief minister mamatabanerjee expressed her grief over the demise of pandit bhaduri.
i am deeply saddened by the sudden demise of pandit arun bhaduri, an exponent of kirana, rampur gharana.
he was a guru at the state sangeet academy.
in 2014, we had conferred bangabibhusan award.
the veteran singer had served as a guru (teacher) at the itc sangeet research academy, and was a top radio and television artiste.
pandit bhaduri was trained in indian music by md a daud and md sagiruddin khan.
addressing the audience at the sixth kanyashree divas, mamatabanerjee urged students from english-medium institutes not to treat their peers from bengali medium as inferior.
she, however, also urged girls from vernacular-medium schools to learn english for better career prospects as it was an international language.
the cm also asked the skill development department to help the girls through the utkarsh bangla scheme so they can be self sufficient.
coconut trees at eco parkkolkata: housing infrastructure development corporation (hidco) will plant coconut saplings at different spots in new town , specially in areas that have low-rise structures, to act as a natural lightning arresters.
a state secretariat official said that the idea to plant more coconut trees was mooted in the last district review meeting presided over by chief minister mamatabanerjee earlier this week.
studies have found that coconut trees attract lightning as the trees are tall and have moisture that acts as a conducting path for lightning.
priority would be given to those areas in new town that has small stores, roadside stalls and other small structures so that when the coconut trees grow up, they would be able to act as natural lightning arresters, said a hidco official.
officials said that the hidco planning department have been asked to identify areas where more coconut trees could be brought from the tall tree nursery and can be planted.
the tall tree nursery was set up by hidco jointly with the forest department on a five acre of land in action area 1d.
the nursery from where several tall tree are supplied for plantation is run by the waste land development board.
officials said that coconut saplings could be planted near the food stalls near the new town police station, near sankar netralaya and in the border areas off hatiara and tarulia where there are mostly low rise buildings but highly dense.
guwahati: former chief minister and one of the signatories of the assam accord, prafulla kumar mahanta , and others who were a part of the assam agitation movement, have appealed to everyone to join the protest rally against the citizenship (amendment) bill, 2016.
the veterans of the movement to safeguard the state's indigenous demography will take out a protest rally in the city against the proposed amendment on may 30.
addressing a press conference, mahanta said, we have been opposing the bill ever since it was proposed.
it's time all of us fight it together.
we have already invited aasu (all assam students' union) to join us and move against the bill.
the citizenship amendment bill, 2016, endorses citizenship to non-muslims from neighbouring countries who have come here till december 31 of 2014.
mahanta also alleged that some politicians are trying to add unnecessary political colour to the protests against the bill.
some political leaders are trying to add colour.
the opposition is not against bengali people.
even manik sarkar and mamatabanerjee have opposed the bill.
we are not against bengali people and we don't want to bring religious lines in identifying illegal citizens, said mahanta.
former agp mp kumar deepak das said they will take out a protest rally on may 30 in the city towards raj bhawan.
we have appealed to all citizens to join us in the rally.
we must give a strong voice against the bill, said das.
assam andolan sangrami mancha (aasm), a platform of assam agitation veterans, of which mahanta and das are also part, vowed to go to national capital new delhi to build consensus among all political parties before the july session in the parliament.
before the july parliament session, we will meet representatives of all political parties and try to ensure that the bill is not passed, said das.
representative image.
two more clashes reported in citydownload the times of india news app for latest citykolkata: at least three persons were injured at tangra in a clash involving the bjym  the youth wing of the bjp  and the tmc.
two bikes were also vandalized as a strong contingent of cops from three police stations chased and lathicharged at supporters from both sides to try and control the situation.
both sides indulged in several rounds of stone pelting as initially the tangra police found itself outnumbered.
among the injured are reportedly a child and a man who was returning from work and is not aligned with any political party.
the clash  coming barely a day after local leader, jaidev das (allegedly with the bjp now after severing ties with the ruling party) and four others lodged complaints of illegal construction against borough vii chairman jeevan saha - assumes significance as locals claimed that a simmering syndicate rivalry was primarily responsible behind the incident.
it took over two hours by cops from tangra, entally and narkeldanga along with additional forces deputed by division and lalbazar to chase away the trouble mongers.
fort a long time thereafter, both sides stood facing each other with cops staying put between both groups.
according to police sources, at the heart of the problem is an open ground located at the mathurbabu lane at tangra, popularly called the chandni grounds ( chandni karkhana math ).
the bjp has alleged that two of sahas confidants  parimal and bebu were trying to build one room and two room buildings illegally and sell them off for anything between rs 50,000-1,00,000.
the bjp supporters further claimed the houses were being allocated on basis of cut money and that all complaints to kmc fell on deaf ears.
union minister babul supriyo too later raised the incident in his press conference later in the day.
das was opposed to this and the tmc leaders had come on saturday morning to the spot to warn us.
a local bjp supporter was coming back home in the afternoon when the tmc supporters  sitting in a huddle  suddenly attacked both of them.
when he resisted, these men entered the houses of bjp supporters in the area and vandalized whatever they could lay their hands on, including cctv cameras so that nothing could be recorded, said ratan das, a bjp supporter.
trinamool congress called the allegations baseless.
the bjp goons are bringing men from outside and trying to dominate the area.
it is they who threw the bricks at us and vandalized our bikes.
they want us to keep quite even as they carry out illegal activities in our area.
there were reports of two more clashes in the city on saturday.
the first incident was reported from ultadangas basati colony area where bjp alleged tmc workers attacked its supporters while they were trying to celebrate syama prasad mookerjees birthday.
the ruling tmc has denied the allegations.
in the another incident, tmc supporter bijay shaw alleged that two men abanish kumar singh and gopal nigam, assaulted him when he confronted them for their foul language against chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjee.
though the bjp has denied the claims, the police has lodged an fir in this regard.
this story is from november 3, 2018amit mitra (file photo)download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
kolkata: bengal has something to cheer ahead of the diwali.
it biggies have made a beeline for space in silicon valley at new town, the dream project of chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjee.
the state it and industries minister amit mitra said in a gathering on friday that the state government has received applications for 75 acres at silicon valley earlier this week.
the big names include reliance jio , tcs, genpact and firstsource among others.
mitra pointed out that as agreed earlier, reliance jio has applied for 40 acres while tcs wanted 20 acres and genpact 10 acres.
firstsource of rp-sanjiv goenka group has sought around 5 acres.
there are more applications from other companies.
now, we will evaluate the eligibility of these companies as per the rule, he added.
mitra said that going by the demand, the area earmarked for bengal silicon valley would be doubled to 200 acres from current 100 acres.
out of 100 acres, we have already got applications for 75 acres.
so, as per the desire of the cm, it will be expanded, he added.
incidentally, mamatabanerjee unveiled the silicon valley project in august where reliance jio had announced rs 1000 crore investment in a state of the art data centre.
cm had also promised the it firms to offer better incentives than hyderabad and bangalore.
infosys, too, has already announced its investment plans in bengal.
it is setting up a world class facility in bengal designed by noted designer hafeez contractor.
the company is already investing rs 100 crore in the first phase in its 50 acres earmarked at rajarhat.
besides, infy and reliance jio, other it giants like fujisoft, amazon internet and dqe entertainment had evinced interest to invest in bengal.
fujisoft and amazon signed agreement with webel, the state nodal agency for it, for skill development in different specialised areas of it and telecom like 3d printing, cyber security, machine learning and animation.
according to mitra, there has been 134  growth in it export from the state in the last seven years.
the it export in 2017-18 touched rs 19,500 crore, compared to rs 8335 crore in 2010-11.
there has been 79  growth in the number of it companies from 500 to 894 in last few years.
almost all the big names have their facilities in the state, he added.
kolkata police chief rajeev kumar (file photo)make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
new delhi: west bengal chief secretary malay de, dgp virender and kolkata police commissioner rajeev kumar on monday filed responses to the supreme court's notices to them on the cbi's contempt petition accusing the state government of systematically derailing the sc ordered probe into chit fund scam cases.
all three, through separate affidavits, pleaded innocence and said they had not violated any court order and that the cbi's allegations had no legs to stand.
they said if the cbi had any grievance on carrying on with the investigation, it would have approached the calcutta hc.
they cited the sc order of 2017 where the cbi was told to approach the hc if they faced any difficulty in the probe into chit fund scam cases.
an sc bench headed by cji ranjan gogoi had issued notices to the three on the cbi's petition seeking initiation of contempt of court proceedings against them for violating three orders of the apex court since the probe was transferred to the central agency on may 9, 2014.
the cbi had quoted the orders of sc, which had directed state police to provide full cooperation to the agency in its probe into chit fund scam cases and not to harass cbi officials.
the sc had asked them to file their responses before february 18 and kept them guessing whether they would be summoned to appear personally before the court on february 20.
on consideration of the replies of the three authorities, the court may require the personal presence of the said officers on february 20, which, if required, would be intimated to the officers concerned by the supreme court's secretary general on february 19, the cji-led bench had ordered.
in its contempt petition filed through advocate r balasubramanian, the cbi had narrated the persistent pressure tactics and non-cooperative attitude adopted by the state police in the investigation.
solicitor general tushar mehta had said the detention of 25 cbi personnel, who had gone to question the kolkata police commissioner on specific information that evidence could be tampered with, showed the scant regard the state police had for the sc's direction to them to cooperate with cbi.
drawing the court's attention to the dgp, additional dgp and kolkata police commissioner joining chief minister mamatabanerjee who sat on a dharna outside the commissioner's residence immediately after the cbi team was rounded up, mehta had said, such conduct by officials in uniform points to complete anarchy prevailing in kolkata.
it is most unfortunate that the elected head of the state along with the dgp and other officials, who were obliged to cooperate with the cbi, openly flouted the sc's orders.
sriheeta nandi, a class ii student resumed her classes from monday but her entire routine had changedkolkata: another 33 displaced families received rs 5 lakh each as ex gratia from kolkata metro rail corporation (kmrc), the implementing agency of east-west metro, on monday.
so far, the agency has compensated 52 families.
on saturday, kmrc started compensating the residents who had to be shifted to hotels after cracks appeared on the walls of their houses.
in all, 688 of them have been put up in around 21 hotels around central kolkata.
nineteen families had received the compensation cheques on saturday.
but on monday, the amount was transferred directly to bank accounts.
after this one-time payout, each affected family would get houses as per the metro railways (construction of works) act 1978.
kmrc has decided to reach out beyond what chief minister mamatabanerjee had suggested on tuesday, when she sought an immediate compensation of rs 5 lakh for each family, whose property has been damaged, with rs 5 lakh compensation for loss of income.
there no provision for generating funds like this under section 25 of the metro act, which deals with amount payable for damage, loss or injury and doesnt provide for anything on compensation for loss of income or loss of valuables and bestows decision on the amount to the competent authority.
a team from kmrc has been going around the hotels where the evacuees have been put up to collect declaration forms.
kmrc is authenticating the list of project affected families, compiling the list from last years demographic survey that had preceded the tunnelling operations, which started in january.
this list was matched with the evacuation list that was compiled since the relocation of the first lot of 150-odd persons from durga pithuri lane last sunday.
another list, titled hotel occupancy is being consulted.
kolkata: heightening uncertainties about the implementation of the goods and services tax (gst) from july 1, bengal finance minister amit mitra on tuesday flagged the state's dissent on tax rates proposed on certain items in the new indirect tax structure.
while parliament had passed all the four gst-related bills during budget session, a constitutional mandate requires states to ratify the state-gst legislation for its launch.
twenty-three states have so far passed the sgst bill, other states have time till the first week of june to ratify it.
gst rules would be finalized in mid-june.
how can gst be implemented from july, mitra asked.
seeking amendments to the proposed tax rates on a range of items  cashew, leather, books, human hair, bindi and few other materials and products  mitra said: the centre has proposed a 12  tax on footwear and cashew.
we want cashew to be kept out of the tax net and no tax on footwear with price up to rs 500.
mitra also sought a revision of the 28  tax rate on the entertainment industry, including on multiplex and single-screen theatres.
this is a big blow to states where there is an entertainment industry.
single-screen theatres in smaller towns will not survive after paying such huge tax when the state government has kept the tax rate at a low 2 .
we are also opposed to the proposed 28  tax rate on books and textbooks, the bengal finance minister said.
mitra added that certain products like raw vegetables and milk have been kept out of the gst net only because of bengal's insistence.
he upped the ante only after going through the proposed gst framework placed by union finance minister arun jaitley at the gst council meeting in srinagar on may 18 and 19.
mitra couldn't attend the meeting.
the bengal finance minister will try to iron out the differences at the next meeting on june 3.
but sources in the state secretariat hinted that till then, the bengal government will not table the bill in the assembly.
bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee was among the first to throw her weight behind the switchover by giving in-principle support to gst.
bengal is among the five states along with tamil nadu, kerala, karnataka and delhi that are yet to pass the bill in their respective state assemblies.
this story is from january 30, 2019a bike that was parked in front of a petrol pump  barely 100 meters away from the rally ground  was set on firemake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
contai: bjp national president amit shah launched a scathing attack on dynastic politics in delhi and bengal from a rally in east midnapore districts contai town on tuesday that soon led to clashes between trinamool and bjp supporters in which a tmc office was ransacked, vehicles ferrying bjp workers were set on fire and policemen were attacked.
three persons were injured in the violence that erupted just minutes after shah left the stage.
a bike that was parked in front of a petrol pump  barely 100 meters away from the rally ground  was set on fire.
union home minister rajnath singh has sought a report on the violence from the state government.
when the upa ruled for 10 years, there were 2gs  sonia gandhi and rahul gandhi.
during the 2g regime, there were scams worth rs 12 lakh crore.
now, priyanka gandhi has joined to make it 3g.
they have continued with the dynastic politics since jawaharlal nehrus days.
it is the same in west bengal where mamata-ji and her nephew are running dynastic politics, said shah.
terming both parties as two sides of the same coin, shah said the time has come to root out dynastic politics from the country.
shah alleged that the rs 4-lakh crore the centre had sent to bengal for different schemes did not reach the poor.
syndicates have siphoned off the money the centre had sent to the states.
many villages are yet to receive uninterrupted power supply, he said.
shah harped on poverty in bengal in the same vein, claiming that one in every five persons in the state is still living below poverty line.
raking up corruption issues during the upa regime, shah said: the country needs a government ruled by leaders and not by dealers.
taking a dig at the sales of paintings by chief minister mamatabanerjee , shah alleged that her paintings were bought by the ponzi firm owners.
how much do you think a painting can fetch?
thousands or lakhs may be.
but mamataji's paintings were sold for crores.
all such paintings were bought by chit fund walas, he said.
he alleged that the ponzi firm owners who bought the paintings enjoyed immunity in the state.
blaming the bengal government for renaming centrally-sponsored schemes and trying to take credit, the bjp president said, the centre sends the money for the rs 2/kg rice that the poor people receive.
now, they are even depriving people by denying them healthcare facilities under centrally-sponsored schemes.
before the elections (assembly polls), tmc had promised to reopen 55,000 closed factories in the state.
how many of them have been reopened?
instead, bomb-making units have mushroomed across the state, he said.
pointing at the growing infiltration in bengal, shah said trinamool must clarify its position on the citizenship (amendment) bill.
if voted to power, we will make arrangements for refugees (hindu refugees) in the state, he added.
claiming that bjp will win at least 23 lok sabha seats from bengal, shah said people were waiting for change.
if voted to power, we will take bengal back to its old glory and create a sonar bangla under narendra modis leadership.
slamming the ponzi muddle in the state, shah said ponzi firms have looted at least 25 lakh poor investors.
we will return the money to the poor investors, shah said.
reacting to the clashes, bengal bjp president dilip ghosh said: when our supporters were returning from the rally, they were attacked by tmc activists.
this is a shame.
we condemn it.
trinammols retort came quick.
bjp workers attacked our party offices and this led to retaliation by our workers.
if our party office is attacked, are we going to offer sweets?
suvendu, also the state transport minister, said.
he alleged that bjp was trying to disturb peace and stability in the district.
kolkata: narendra modi calls the mandate against the left in tripura as an outpouring of public anger, mamatabanerjee calls it cpm's self-destruction and the cpm politburo concedes defeat to the might of money power among others.
what's common to all three observations is isolation that the party has to overcome before it fine tunes its electoral tactic.
mamata went a step forward to accuse cpm of keeping mum on the alleged mischief with the evms. there are some issues with the evms. but cpm didn't lodge a complaint with the election commission.
were they scared?
did bjp browbeat them?
i don't know the reason but the fact remains that they have pathetically surrendered to bjp, the trinamool chief said.
the left setback in tripura has come as a blow to the bengal cpm two days before the party's state conference begins in kolkata on monday.
the poor show also calls into question the validity of the hair-splitting debate between the cpm's bengal line and kerala line because the party can no longer be a chooser when it comes to forging alliance with others.
mamata mamatabanerjee whose party also drew a scratch in the tripura polls has blamed both left and congress for the bjp's massive win.
bjp may be blowing it up as a historic win but i would call it the cpm's surrender, its self-destruction.
how could meghalaya sustain had there been a bjp wave in the northeast?
she said.
the trinamool chief also pointed fingers at congress.
i had told rahul gandhi to fight the polls with the hills parties.
he didn't accept my proposal.
the cm isn't in a mood to give much importance to the tripura polls.
tripura is a small state having a population even less than howrah.
bjp is playing it big because the party is going to lose the assembly elections in rajasthan, karnataka and madhya pradesh and finally in the 2019 lok sabha polls, she said.
pushed to the wall, bengal cpm leaders want to pave its way by fighting both bjp and trinamool though the party in its draft political-organisational report admits the rise of bjp in the state.
the draft report makes a long list of agitations built from the grassroots but very few had any public impact.
even as left intellectuals from irfan habib to prabhat patnaik keep on harping on the need of all secular forces to come together against the bjp's fascistic onslaught, the diminishing left are now busy fighting the political isolation they have been thrust into.
west bengal assembly had passed a resolution'bengal' in english, 'bangla' in bengalinew delhi/ kolkata: the centre wednesday informed rajya sabha that it has not yet given its nod to change the name of west bengal to 'bangla' as proposed by the state government following which chief minister mamatabanerjee dashed off a letter to prime minister narendra modi for expediting the matter.
union minister of state for home nityanand rai in a written response to a question from mp ritabrata mamatabanerjee said the centre has not cleared the name 'bangla' for west bengal.
changing a state's name requires a constitutional amendment and it is done after taking into consideration all relevant factors, he said.
on july 26 last year, theunanimously to change the name of the state to 'bangla' in the three most-spoken languages -- bengali, hindi and english -- and had sent the proposal to the home ministry.
it suggested 'paschimbanga' in 2011, but it was turned down by the central government.
in 2016,it proposedand 'bangal' in hindi, which was also turned down.
finally, it proposed the name 'bangla'.
when the earlier proposals were received, there was an objection from the central government that suggested the name 'bangla' had similarity to bangladesh and it would be difficult to differentiate the two at international forums, a senior official privy to the developments said.
the 2018 proposal was also referred to the ministry of external affairs for its view.
the move to rename is aimed at climbing the alphabetical sequence of state names in which west bengal appears last in the list now.
a senior state official said mamatabanerjee requested the prime minister to do the needful to change the state's name to 'bangla'.
the last time the name of a state was changed was in 2011, when orissa became odisha.
bombay was renamed mumbai in 1995, madras as chennai in 1996 and calcutta as kolkata in 2001.
the central government had approved name changes for 11 cities in karnataka, including that of bangalore to bengaluru, in 2014.
kolkata: clean up or move out.
this was trinamool congress chief mamatabanerjee banerjee's clear message to party leaders on tuesday.
during an hour-long interaction with trinamool congress leaders at town hall, she issued an ultimatum against corruption and nepotism in the party.
the chief minister clearly said that she was aware of leaders who are involved in various rackets and such corrupt practices will not be tolerated at all.
the cm said there were also complaints of nepotism against some leaders.
if i get any information about leaders' nexus with developer syndicates, the leaders concerned will be expelled from the party.
the chief minister met party mlas and councillors from different municipalities and clearly spelt out that she was getting many complaints about party leaders being involved in building material business.
there was no syndicate member in my party and i don't want to see any one getting involved with these syndicates.
i don't want to see our partymen forcing people to buy building materials from them.
mamata lashed out at the leaders for infighting over spoils of promoting boom in rajarhat and other parts of kolkata.
swapan mondal, a trinamool worker, was murdered on november 27 due to rivalry among party factions in north 24-parganas.
during the past fortnight, the media has written about various syndicates operating in rajarhat belt and how trinamool leaders were involved in it.
this is not the first time that the trinamool chief has warned her partymen against being involved in supply syndicates.
if one has to join such supply syndicate, one will have to quit the party, she said again on tuesday.
mamata clearly stated that the need of the hour was to set up a clean and transparent administration that will serve the people in a better way.
we have to present the people a good administration.
she told her cabinet colleagues, mlas and councillors to concentrate on development.
mon diye development korte hobe, the cm said and while reiterating that there was dearth of funds.
but negligence in development work will not be tolerated.
union minister of state for shipping mukul roy was the lone mp present at the town hall meeting.
kolkata: former kolkata police commissioner rajeev kumar wednesday told the calcutta high court that the cbi was indulging in a pick-and-choose game by summoning him in the saradha ponzi scam case among 121 officers of the sit that probed the fraud on lakhs of investors.
kumar's counsel milan mukherjee submitted that he looked after the day to day operations of an sit formed by the west bengal government to investigate ponzi scams, but the cbi did not consider calling him as a witness till october 2017.
mukherjee claimed before the court of justice madhumati mitra that he could have been the star witness for the cbi, but was not considered for the role for three and a half years since it took over investigation.
kumar, now additional director general of west bengal cid, moved the high court seeking quashing of a notice issued to him in may by the cbi to appear before it for assisting the investigation into the case.
the court adjourned hearing in the matter till thursday, when it will be taken up for hearing again.
mukherjee submitted that kumar was the commissioner of bidhananagar police when the multi-crore saradha ponzi scam broke out in 2013 and looked after the day to day operations of a special investigation team (sit) to probe the scam.
the supreme court had on may 9, 2014, ordered transfer of all cases related to ponzi scams, including the one involving saradha group, to the cbi.
mukherjee wondered whether the cbi is indulging in a pick and choose game to harass kumar as he was one of 121 officers involved in the state sit investigation.
kumar's counsel claimed that the cbi has not been able to unearth a single rupee from the money trail in the scam since beginning its probe in november 2014.
he also claimed that there were violations of provisions of sebi act, rbi act and i-t act in the scam, but these angles were not investigated by the cbi, despite the sit having provided it with leads into alleged complicity of some officers of the capital market regulator.
a vacation bench of the high court had on may 30 granted kumar protection from arrest and any coercive action till july 10 in the saradha chit fund scam case.
the protection from arrest was later extended to july 22.
the bench had directed kumar to cooperate with the cbi investigation into the rs 2,500 crore saradha scam.
kumar's counsels had earlier told the high court that he has been interrogated by the cbi for 39 hours and 45 minutes in shillong, and claimed that the probe agency was now seeking to take him in custody out of vendetta.
they maintained that kumar has neither been named as an accused nor as a witness in the seven charge sheets the probe agency has filed in the case so far.
on may 17, the supreme court had withdrawn protection from arrest to kumar, which it had granted earlier.
in january, the centre and the state government had faced an unprecedented standoff after a cbi team, which reached the residence of kumar for questioning, had to retreat following intervention by the kolkata police, of which he was the commissioner then.
chief minister mamatabanerjee came out in kumar's defence and launched a sit-in to protest in the city against the centre's move.
on february 5, the supreme court had prevented the agency from any coercive action against kumar, while directing the former top cop to appear and co-operate in cbi questioning at a neutral place.
he was questioned by the cbi for nearly five days in shillong from february 9.
kumar, who was appointed commissioner of police at bidhannagar police commissionerate in 2012, had served as the head of the state-appointed sit, which probed the ponzi scams before the cbi took over.
the cbi had told the supreme court in april this year that kumar's custodial interrogation was necessary as he was not cooperating in the probe and was evasive and arrogant in answering the queries put to him.
as part of the rs 2,500-crore scam, the saradha group of companies duped lakhs of customers, promising higher rates of returns on their investment, the agency said.
make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
new delhi: with lok sabha elections just a few weeks away, pm modi has received a massive thumbs up in a mega times group online poll, with over two-thirds (83 ) of the over 2 lakh respondents who took the survey saying a modi-led nda government was the most-likely possibility after the polls.
the poll also indicates that the prime ministers personal popularity remains high.
with the official announcement of the general election days away, 84  of respondents said that they would prefer narendra modi as pm candidate if lok sabha polls were held today.
congress president rahul gandhi is a distant second as the most-preferred choice for pm among online voters, with 8.
33  voting for him, followed by 1.
44  for trinamool congress chief mamatabanerjee , 0.
43  for bsp supremo mayawati and 5.
9  predicting another political leader as the next pm.
however, when asked if they considered rahul gandhi more popular today compared to 2014, as many as 31  responded in the affirmative, while 63  felt the opposite.
significantly, only 3.
47  respondents see a non-nda, non-upa mahagathbandan government as a likely scenario after the lok sabha poll.
the poll was conducted online between february 11 and 20 in 9 languages across 13 media properties of the times group.
the results were concealed from respondents during the 10 days of online polling to negate motivated voting.
almost half a million voted for this survey, however, in order to negate any attempt at gaming the result, only logged in users votes (over 2 lakh) were considered, ensuring that only one vote per person was counted.
when asked to rate five years of the modi government , over two-third of respondents rated its track record as good or very good.
out of this, 'very good' accounted for 59.
51  and 'good' for 22.
29 .
about 8.
25  termed it as average, while 9.
9  found it to be poor.
the online survey asked respondents to rate the biggest successes as well as failures of the modi government.
on successes: 34.
39  respondents rated more access to facilities for the poor from various schemes as their top choice, followed closely by implementation of gst (29 ).
interestingly, lack of progress on ram temple was rated by respondents (35.
72 ) as the biggest failure of the modi government.
compared to this, 29.
5  of those who took the survey rated job-creation as the biggest failure.
in fact, job-creation has emerged as a primary concern for voters with 40.
2  rating it as the biggest issue in the upcoming general election.
farmer distress was rated as the second biggest issue identified by respondents (21.
8 ) and while ram mandir was seen as the biggest failure, only 10  see it as an important issue in the lok sabha polls.
on the question of whether minorities felt insecure under the present government, a majority of respondents (65.
5 ) said they did not think so.
however, 24.
2  said minorities do feel insecure.
whether the 10  quota for economically weaker sections, which has recently been passed by a constitutional amendment will help the government in elections, 72.
6  of respondents say that this will help bjp in the lok sabha elections.
on the contentious and hot topic of rafale too, the result is quite interesting.
despite the political slugfest, only 17.
5  say it will have a negative impact politically on the nda in the upcoming election, while a whopping 74.
6  say it will have no negative impact.
this story is from december 16, 2018file photomake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
kolkata: on the sixth anniversary of the nirbhaya gang rape case, west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on sunday urged people to make the country a better place for women.
banerjee took to twitter to ask people to stop violence against women.
today is the sixth anniversary of the horrific delhi nirbhaya case.
the incident shook the country.
as a society, we must make this country a better place for women.
say no to violence against women, she tweeted.
a 23-year-old paramedic student was gang raped on december 16, 2012 in a moving bus in delhi and thrown out of the vehicle along with her male friend.
she later died in a hospital in singapore the incident had triggered outrage and protests across the country.
she subsequently came to be known as 'nirbhaya', the fearless.
all the six accused were arrested and charged with sexual assault and murder.
while one of the accused hanged himself in prison, another accused, a juvenile then, was given the maximum sentence of three years' imprisonment in a reform facility.
the other four were found guilty of rape and murder and later sentenced to death.
the incident of gang rape was widely condemned.
new delhi: senior bjp leader sushma swaraj on wednesday said it is surprising that political killings are taking place in west bengal under the leadership of tmc supremo mamatabanerjee who herself has been a victim of political violence.
she was speaking at an event titled 'people's tribunal on political violence in bengal' organised by call for justice and india foundation.
at the event, families of the victims of alleged political violence in west bengal narrated their ordeal.
i am saddened that to gain power, win elections, or to punish those who vote for another party, someone can be so brutal that they take away someone's life by strangulating them, hanging them or setting them ablaze.
it is unbelievable, swaraj said.
they (who died) were not at fault.
they had not killed anybody.
they had become members of a political outfit.
they had adopted bjp due to its ideology.
they were working for the party and they were punished for it, she said at the event.
the former external affairs minister said she was astonished that these incidents have happened during the tenure of west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee who has herself been a victim of political violence for long.
i have seen those times.
i have known her for long.
initially, our relationship was only about exchanging pleasantries, but later it became stronger due to one such incident.
when the cpi(m) government was there in west bengal, everyday the issue (of political violence) was raised in parliament, she recalled.
she (banerjee) told me legs of some people were also severed.
she brought them to delhi and requested me to talk to them.
it was at the same venue (constitution club) where i had met them, swaraj told the gathering.
recalling another such incident, the senior bjp leader said she had gone to meet mamatabanerjee after she was hospitalised for months due to a serious head injury.
i am surprised.
.
.
a victim of political violence after becoming the ruler should run the government in a democratic way and ensure that people are not scared to vote for another party.
but how time changes.
.
.
i had not thought about it, she lamented.
after hearing the accounts of some of the families, swaraj said it was disappointing how some hangings had been billed as 'suicides' and how instead of registering firs, general diary entries had been filed by the police in the state.
i do not know why she (banerjee) is allowing this to happen.
she is adopting the same tactics (like the earlier government) to safeguard her political existence.
i had thought that she would run the temple of democracy in a democratic way, but it saddens me to hear the testimonies of people here.
they won't get justice there and that is why they have come here, she said.
download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
vijayawada: chief minister n chandrababu naidu came down heavily on the bjp on wednesday that completed the fifth anniversary of the passing of the ap state reorganisation act it was on february 20, 2014 that the act was adopted in the rajya sabha facilitating the division of andhra pradesh to form telangana.
the act provided several promises to help the residual state of andhra pradesh, but most of the promises remain unfulfilled, said naidu.
addressing telugu desam party (tdp) leaders through a teleconference, naidu said the centre has done injustice to the state.
tdp workers observed a protest day to highlight the betrayal of the state government.
naidu alleged that the state had suffered in the last five years.
it has been five years since the five crore people of ap were cheated.
special category status and five other major promises have been forgotten.
industrial incentives are not provided.
the centre has withdrawn the assistance of rs 350 crore to backward districts.
bjps betrayal should be condemned and it should be debated on public fora.
at least one quarter of the fiscal deficit was not paid, naidu alleged.
referring to pre-poll surveys, naidu alleged that the ysrc was behind such wrong surveys.
primarily they seek to derive political benefit.
if someone is carrying out a survey, ysrc leaders are obstructing them.
the ysrc is scared of ground level surveys.
it wants to propagate false surveys.
he said a few leaders are leaving the tdp as they are faced with threats, blackmailing tactics and intimidation by telangana chief minister k chandrasekhar rao.
kcr is targeting the assets of tdp leaders in hyderabad and encouraging them to join the ysrc, naidu said.
about pulwama terror incident, naidu said the tdp will not compromise on the security of the country.
the party will also not tolerate politicizing national security for selfish gains.
tough actions should be taken against terrorists, he said, demanding that law and order should be maintained on the borders.
he said people suspect pulwama attack and the nation is debating on west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjee's comments on the terror incident.
there is threat to national security due to the inefficiency of bjp rulers.
naidu found fault with the bjp for aligning with small parties ahead of general elections.
the bjp will stoop to any level for power.
it wants to play a political game with states through remote control.
kolkata : derek o'brien, trinamool's rajya sabha mp and member, parliamentary standing committee on health, speaks to toi on the recent spate of crib deaths in bengal.
q.
a lot is being said about the state of healthcare in west bengal.
this is a reason being attributed for not just the recent spate of crib deaths but also the general malaise in the government health care sector.
what in your view are the real reasons?
a.
no amount of reasoning can lessen the pain of those parents who've lost their children.
theirs is an irreparable loss.
we grieve with them.
having said that, a 34-year-old legacy can't be turned around in mere 23 weeks.
consider this: 50 years ago bengal had 29,000 hospital beds.
maharashtra had 19,000.
in 2007-08, bengal crawled up to 59,000 while maharashtra jumped to a lakh.
here is another telling number; in bengal, every hospital caters to 2.
25 lakh people.
compare that with tamil nadu where each hospital serves 1.
13 lakh people and kerala 1.
34 lakh people.
every seven of the 10 children who die in bengal are outside the purview of any health facility.
nearly 2.
6 million children die only of diarrhea in bengal.
this is the legacy we inherited.
to reverse this is our challenge.
and work has already begun in earnest.
q.
now that you are in government, people would want work not mere blames.
how do you exactly plan to reverse the trend?
a.
when people pose this question, i always request them to go though the plan of the action document for 2011-15 uploaded in the wbhealth.gov.
in website.
the document, approved by the chief minister, details all our short, medium and long term objectives.
this document was prepared within the first 100 days of taking office.
significant progress has been made since then.
the road ahead needs to be chartered with a clear focus - we have that; infrastructure, prevention and change in attitude.
the plan is clear - rev up the three-tier health care system by upgrading all satellite, referral chain and specialty hospitals.
the chief minister has already announced a host of measures, more are in the offing.
we first identified the problem, provided a clear strategy of the short, medium and long term and now are committed to deliver to measurable timeframes.
already, at the click of a button you know exactly in which hospital how many doctors attend how many patients.
now each of these doctors has to send an sms once reaching hospital.
it is ensuring better attendance.
more such initiatives are being taken up at a frenetic pace.
q.
the opposition in bengal has been sharply critical in demanding that west bengal needs a full-time health minister?
a.
they had one for all these years.
what is the result?
if you ask me, i would say that chief minister mamatabanerjee handling the health portfolio is the best thing that can happen.
by doing this she is leading from the front.
by keeping the health portfolio from day one she has emphasised the importance her government gives to this department.
she has also built up an excellent team around her including an extremely competent principal secretary, health.
there is lot of hard work and serious thinking being done in the last 160 days.
q.
what is the reason for such high rate infant deaths at b c roy children's hospital?
a.
any death, particularly that of a child is unfortunate.
dr bc roy children's hospital is only a referral hospital.
most children who are admitted there are already very weak and grossly underweight.
add to that the strenuous travel by road and train for four to five hours to reach this hospital.
the hospital recently had a new natal unit.
more than two dozen such units will be set up in the next five months.
most of these will be outside kolkata.
we will do all that it takes.
we are upto the challenge.
this story is from february 5, 2019make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
new delhi: caught between the bjp-tmc crossfire over cbi action in west bengal , cpm on monday accused both parties of sabotaging a genuine probe into ponzi scams in the state and playing politics on the scam investigations.
even as opposition leaders rallied behind trinamool chief mamatabanerjee , who has been staging a sit-in since sunday, cpm emphasised it had led street protests since 2014 demanding action against all accused persons, including political leaders like mukul roy and himanta biswa sarma , who have since crossed over to bjp and were now being protected.
cpm chief sitaram yechury asserted that while bjp misused federal agencies, banerjees response to the situation was equally undemocratic, and accused both of sabotaging the probe into ponzi scams.
yechury said the sit-in by mamatabanerjee in kolkata had come within hours of the left fronts rally at brigade parade ground, and alleged it was aimed at diverting public attention from the lefts success in mobilising opinion.
cpm sources said the party was looking to get congress to temper its support to trinamool by emphasising that the ponzi scams that led to a showdown between bjp and tmc had hurt scores of poor in west bengal and that supporting the state government would be problematic.
the claims followed what cpm sources said was a chance morning meeting of yechury with congress chief rahul gandhi in parliament, first in central hall, followed by another 10-minute huddle in the congress parliamentary party office.
while most opposition leaders, including rahul, pledged their support to mamatabanerjee , congress, left sources said, appeared to have nuanced its stand by not deputing any central leader to attend the cms sit-in.
the west bengal issue was not discussed  despite assertions by tmc leaders  during a meeting of opposition mps representing 23 political parties including the left, hosted by rajya sabha mp ghulam nabi azad.
it was way back in 2014 that the supreme court had asked the cbi to investigate the larger conspiracy involved in the loot of crores of rupees of peoples savings by chit fund companies like saradha, rose valley etc.
for full five years, contrary to its loud promises, the modi government did not move seriously on this matter.
during this period, many trinamool congress leaders who were prime accused in these scams like mps mukul roy and himanta sarma, moved over to the bjp.
clearly, both bjp and tmc were sharing the spoils of such a loot, slowing down the investigation as ordered by the supreme court, the cpm politburo added in a statement.
this story is from december 13, 2018justice sr sen of meghalaya high court has said that india should have declared itself a hindu nation at the time of the partition.
make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
shillong: a judge of the meghalaya high court has said that india should have declared itself a hindu nation at the time of the partition.
justice sr sen made this observation on monday while disposing of a petition of one amon rana, who was denied domicile certificate by the state government.
pakistan declared themselves as an islamic country and india, since (it) was divided on the basis of religion, should have also been declared as a hindu country, but it remained as a secular country, justice sen said.
justice sen, who is the lone judge at the meghalaya hc, said in his order: i make it clear that nobody should try to make india as another islamic country, otherwise it will be a dooms day for india and the world.
i am confident that only this government under pm narendra modi will understand the gravity, and will do the needful as requested above and our (west bengal ) chief minister mamatabanerjee will support the national interest in all respect.
requesting the government for a uniform law that should be binding on all citizens, the judge said: anybody opposing the indian laws and constitution, they cannot be considered as citizens of the country.
we must remember that first, we are indians, then good human beings and thereafter comes the community we belong (to).
india achieved independence through bloodshed and the worst sufferers were the hindus and sikhs who had to leave their forefathers property, birthplace with tear and fear and we will never forget that (sic!
), the order said.
they may be allowed to come at any point of time to settle in india and government may provide rehabilitation properly and declare them citizens of india.
similar principle to be adopted for those hindus and sikhs who are of indian origin and presently residing abroad to come to india at any time as they like and they may be considered automatically as indian citizens, justice sen said.
the court emphasized that muslims residing in india for generations and abiding by indian laws should be allowed to live peacefully.
the 37-page order said, as we all know, india was one of the largest country in the world and there was no concept of pakistan, bangladesh and afghanistan.
they were in one country and (that) was commanded by hindu kingdom but thereafter the mughal(s) came to india and captured the different parts of india and started ruling the country and at that point of time many conversion(s) took place by force.
new delhi: speaker om birla on tuesday told the sparring bjp and tmc mps not to turn lok sabha into west bengal assembly after the members were engaged in a verbal duel on the issue of cut money.
just after the question hour, sudip bandyopadhyay, leader of the trinamool congress in the house, demanded that the name of west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee be expunged from the proceedings.
he was referring to the allegations levelled by bjp mp locket chatterjee on monday that local tmc leaders were charging cut money or commission from people in the state.
i wish to speak about the biggest scam in bengal, the 'cut money' scam.
what is this cut money?
when a child is in the womb.
.
.
when the mother is taken to the hospital for delivery, the menace of cut money begins, as the hospital charges for the bed and treatment.
and when someone expires and is carried to the cremation ground, commission or cut money is demanded there as well, the bjp mp had said.
the trinamool supremo must answer, must give a reply to the people.
only shouting will not do, chatterjee had said.
trinamool congress mps have strongly protested against the allegations.
on wednesday, bandyopadhyay said if any such wild allegations are raised in the west bengal assembly against the prime minister and if it is not expunged, it will not look good.
the chief minister of west bengal is not present in the house.
our chief minister is one of the honest and best chief ministers of the country.
i believe that it (banerjee's name) should be expunged from the proceedings of the house, he said.
bjp mps from west bengal strongly protested against bandyopadhyay's remarks and a verbal duel ensued between the two groups.
as the din continued, pallab lochan das of the bjp was unable to speak during the zero hour.
speaker birla interrupted and said, respected members, this is not the vidhan sabha of west bengal.
.
.
don't make it the vidhan sabha of west bengal.
the bjp and the tmc are locked in a bitter turf war in west bengal as the saffron party made inroads in the state in the recent lok sabha polls winning 18 seats, just four less than the ruling tmc in the state.
the saffron party had accused the tmc of running a syndicate raj in the state.
residents have protested outside the houses of trinamool leaders in many parts of the state, demanding return of the cut money taken from them.
on friday, in a meeting with elected representatives of her party, mamatabanerjee had warned them against taking cut money from beneficiaries of government schemes, according to party leaders.
plastics have staged a comeback in gariahat; (r) the model stalldownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
kolkata: plastics have staged a comeback at the gariahat hawking zone silently, courtesy a delay in distribution of stalls to hawkers by the kolkata municipal corporation (kmc).
to make the matter worse, it doesnt seem likely that there is any respite from plastics on pavements before the end of monsoon.
the civic markets department took the initiative of providing stalls in gariahat after a fire  reportedly originated from a hawkers dala covered by plastics  ravaged two iconic shops in a midnight blaze in january.
prodded by chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjeee, mayor firhad hakim had asked the hawker unions in gariahat to remove all plastic materials from pavements to minimize fire hazards.
it was decided that the civic body would provide stalls to hawkers in phases.
however, three months have passed but the civic body is yet to keep its promise.
taking advantage of the delay, most of the hawkers have started covering their wares with plastic sheets.
mantu das, a readymade garment seller in gariahat, put the blame on the civic brass for forcing them to use plastics once again.
in february, we were told that stalls were being made at the kmc workshop and they would be distributed by the first week of march.
we had agreed to shun plastics and waited for the delivery of stalls till the middle of march, das said.
swapan saha, another hawker who sells leather bags, echoed dass grievance.
we have waited for long.
when nothing came our way, we were forced to bring back plastics.
monsoon is approaching.
how can we protect our wares without plastic sheets?
asked saha.
according to a kmc markets department official, mayor firhad hakim had asked officials at the entally workshop to ensure bulk supply of stalls to gariahat hawkers.
workshop officials had supplied us three variants of designer stalls in february.
we had showed it to them.
we were supposed to modify a model and show it to the hawkers for their final approval.
but we could not show them the final variant and supply the stalls due to the existing code of conduct for lok sabha polls, said a kmc markets department official.
a leader of the gariahat indira gandhi hawkers union said a majority of hawkers had accepted a model with a rider.
we had asked the kmc markets department brass to modify the stall chosen by the hawkers and present it before them by the first week of march.
but now, we are forced to sanction permission for using plastics for protecting the wares from rain, the union leader said.
a doctor in bikaner wears a bandage on his head as he participates in a rally to show solidarity to protest ag.
.
.
read more(with inputs from agencies)the indian medical association ima ) on sunday said that it would go ahead with its strike on monday and withdraw all non-essential health services, including outdoor patient department ( opd ) services, in hospitals across the country in the wake of the recent murderous assault on doctors in kolkata's nrs hospital the announcement came a day after union health minister harsh vardhan asked states to consider enacting specific legislation for protecting doctors and medical professionals from any form of violence.
ima president dr ranjan sharma said the association would stress for amendments in ipc and crpc to protect doctors and health professionals.
we need amendments in ipc and crpc so that anybody who indulges in acts of violence against hospitals and doctors is taken to task as per the laws, he said.
terming the strike of junior doctors in west bengal as failure of the system, sharma said: all that was asked was a visit to the victim by chief minister mamatabanerjee .
is it too much?
and if you did not meet them, then why to insult them?
he said that there is a need for cctv cameras and guards, who are actually concerned about the security of doctors.
several top private hospitals in mumbai have declared they will join the strike.
the asian heart institute (ahi) in bandra, holy spirit hospital in andheri and fortis group of hospitals have announced that they will keep the opds shut.
nearly 3,500 radiologists from across maharashtra, including 800-odd from mumbai, will be participating in the strike.
tamil nadu government doctors' association will also join the strike, demanding national hospital protection act and action against assailants.
karnataka ima secretary srinivas s said more than 15,000 hospitals across the state would take part in the strike.
more than 12,000 doctors across bihar will join the strike.
however, keeping the grievous situation due to the increasing number of patients suffering from acute encephalitis syndrome (aes) in several north bihar districts, the paediatric department at sri krishna medical college and hospital (skmch) and sadar hospital at muzaffarpur had been exempted from the strike.
the private hospitals and nursing homes society (phnhs) in rajasthan has declared a complete shutdown of all non-essential medical services, including opd.
new delhi: opposition mps from the congress, trinamool congress, samajwadi party, nationalist congress party rashtriya janata dal and communist party of india held a protest in parliament complex, alleging that the political crises in karnataka and goa was a threat to democracy.
a number of top congress leaders, including sonia gandhi , rahul gandhi and anand sharma , protested near the gandhi statue in the complex and shouted slogans.
they also carried placards with messages like save democracy and stop bulldozing state governments.
hitting out at the bjp over defections in the states, congress mp shashi tharoor said, this is an assault on constitution and murder of democracy.
is the bjp looking to make india a one-party state, he asked.
cpi's d raja, rjd's manoj jha, tmc's sudeep bandyopadhyay and dola sen, ncp's majid memon and sp's azam khan were also among the protestors.
in goa, the congress suffered a serious setback on wednesday as 10 of its 15 mlas quit the party and joined the bjp.
the congress leadership has blamed the saffron party for the desertions from its ranks in both the states.
the bharatiya janata party (bjp) has claimed that the karnataka government has been reduced to a minority and has demanded chief minister hd kumaraswamy's resignation.
sources also said that west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee called kumaraswamy on wednesday evening and proposed a joint protest.
doctors and ima members stage protest on monday, during nationwide strike heald after the recent assault in ko.
.
.
read morenew delhi: healthcare services were severely affected across the country on monday as doctors wearing helmets and forming human chains went on a strike in solidarity with their protesting colleagues in west bengal.
a large number of patients and their relatives, caught unaware of the strike, were seen waiting outside various hospitals, appealing to authorities for help.
the indian medical association (ima) has given the nationwide call to withdraw non-emergency healthcare services after junior doctors in west bengal went on a strike against a brutal attack on their colleagues by the relatives of a patient who died during treatment.
in many government and private hospitals across the country, out-patient departments (opd) remained closed and scheduled surgeries were postponed.
however, emergency services remained operational.
those patients or their relatives who take the law into their hands should be strictly dealt with.
while we understand the pain of the doctors, is it justified that patients who travel hundreds of kilometres to get treatment at the pgi suffer like this?
asked an elderly patient visiting the opd at the pgimer in chandigarh.
outside a government hospital in thiruvananthapuram, a patient said, we left our homes at 3 am and do not know if the doctors will attend to us.
the protesting doctors are demanding a comprehensive central legislation to check violence against doctors and other medical professionals at hospitals.
they also urged the west bengal governments to fulfil the demands of the striking doctors and resolve the matter amicably at the earliest.
in the national capital, doctors at government and a few private hospitals boycotted work and staged protests.
doctors at the premier all india institute of medical sciences (aiims), who had earlier decided not to strike, too joined the stir after a doctor was allegedly manhandled by a patient's attendants.
members of several resident doctors associations also took out marches on their campuses to lodge protest.
many patients were aware of the stir on monday which comes after scores of doctors in delhi had boycotted work and held demonstrations on friday and saturday, but many still turned up at the facilities only to be turned away or wait for long hours.
more than 40,000 doctors in maharashtra boycotted work, according to an ima official.
in goa too, medicos observed the strike and took out a 'silent protest march' to condemn the attack on some of their colleagues in west bengal.
similar reports came in from other states, including assam, bihar, jharkhand, odisha, uttar pradesh, tamil nadu, karnataka and kerala.
in kerala, long queues near opds were seen in several government hospitals in the early hours of the day.
some patients said they didn't know of the strike and have been waiting for hours.
a woman in the state capital said she had come with her relative who had breathing problems early this morning and no doctors had attended to her till 10 am.
the strike had a telling effect on medical services as people struggled to get treatment in private hospitals in karnataka.
however, government hospitals remained open following a circular by the commissioner of health and family welfare and there was a huge rush of patients at these facilities since morning.
a middle-aged man, who accompanied his ailing wife to a hospital in hisar, haryana, said, why should patients have to suffer like this?
i have been waiting here for hours, but no one is giving any proper response.
the central government must intervene in the matter as patients across the country should not be made to suffer.
in tamil nadu, doctors, including postgraduate students, formed human chains in front of state-run medical college and hospitals in chennai.
wearing black badges and sporting helmets, they held placards seeking protection.
similar protests were also held in government hospitals in other parts of tamil nadu.
the ima had launched a four-day nationwide protest from friday over the kolkata incident and wrote to union home minister amit shah demanding enactment of a central law to check violence against healthcare workers.
a delegation of ima, resident doctors association of aiims, safdarjung hospital, ram manohar lohia hospital , united resident and doctors association of india (urda) and federation of resident doctors association (forda) also met union health minister over the last three days and submitted representation to him seeking a central law.
union health minister harsh vardhan on saturday asked states to consider enacting specific legislation for protecting doctors and medical professionals from any form of violence.
the apex medical body, ima, however, demanded a comprehensive central law in dealing with violence on doctors and healthcare staff, and in hospitals.
security measures and the determinants leading to violence should also be addressed, it said in a statement.
exemplary punishment for perpetrators of violence should be a component of the central law and suitable amendments should be brought in the indian penal code (ipc) and code of criminal procedure (crpc), the ima said.
the protesting doctors in west bengal held a meeting with chief minister mamatabanerjee to resolve the impasse on monday afternoon.
the doctors in west bengal have been on a strike since june 11 after two of their colleagues were attacked and seriously injured allegedly by relatives of a patient who died at the nrs medical college and hospital in kolkata.
image used for representational purposedownload the times of india news app for latest citykolkata: as chief minister mamatabanerjee is set to hit the streets on friday with a campaign to save water , the kolkata municipal corporation ( kmc ) water supply department has taken up an awareness drive across the city.
senior kmc water supply department officials have been asked to visit the slums and households where the wastage of water keeps the civic top brass on tenterhooks.
a kmc water supply department official said following a survey, a strict vigil was being maintained in dum dum, cossipore and paikpara where water wastage has been maximum.
we had installed around 3,800 water meters in dum dum-cossipore belt.
after a detailed survey we have found that we need to rationalize water supply as wastage of filtered water has been maximum in these areas, said a civic official.
besides, the kmc-run roadside water stand posts happen to be a major source of water wastage.
we are running 17,000 water stand posts to supply potable water across the city.
but, we found filtered water from majority of these posts is being wasted.
we will run a campaign to stop such huge wastage, said a kmc water supply department official.
barasat: cattle smuggling through the bordering districts of basirhat and bongaon in west bengal has turned out to be a bother for chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjee.
the cm gave a piece of her mind at an administrative meeting in north 24 parganas on tuesday, asking district officials to beef up surveillance along the indo-bangla border to get the rid of the cow smuggling stigma in this vulnerable district.
the cm didnt miss the opportunity to point out that truckloads of cattle coming from bjp-ruled uttar pradesh and rajasthan are being routed through this district.
i would ask the dm, sps, bdos and all bordering police stations to increase vigilance.
these cattle are coming from up and rajasthan.
their governments are not taking initiatives to stop the trade.
the entire blame is on us.
i dont want to take the blame any more, she said.
aware that many youths in the district are involved in the trade, mamatabanerjee suggested alternative occupations for the unemployed youth.
basirhat is known for mouth-watering sweets and local fish.
the place is ideal for setting up mishti hubs and sweetwater fish bheris.
basirhat can supply both items to other parts of the country and export them abroad.
we dont have to import fish from andhra pradesh then.
north 24 parganas dm antara acharya came under fire from the cm over the inordinate delay in setting up a design hub at mangal pandey ghat in barrackpore cantt area.
the cm lost her cool when a district official tried to argue that the file had to gone to various departments and was ready now.
a government is elected for five years.
you took four years to process a file.
when will we come out of red tape?
she said, setting a one-month deadline for the project.
why are you making all and sundry a multi-department project?
mamata didnt spare trinamool mla from deganga, rahima mandal, over the controversy in the control of vector-borne diseases in this part of the district.
how could panchayat officials sprinkle atta in lieu of bleaching powder?
why didnt you oversee the programme?
for full report, log on to www.
timesofindia.comthe mla mumbled that it was a cpm-dominated panchayat and the villagers chased away the officials.
you are trying to pass the buck.
vector-borne diseases spread out from dum dum, deganga in this district, the cm said.
she then turned to the north 24 parganas dm and took stock of the programme.
mamata banerjeedownload the times of india news app for latest citykolkata: chief minister mamatabanerjee in her first interaction with doctors after the nrs face-off told doctors at sskm hospital that the state faced a shortage of doctors.
we invited applications for 10,000 posts for doctors.
we got only 4,000 doctors, we have a backlog of 6,000.
i seized the opportunity to motivate the bright plus-ii pass-outs to pursue medicine.
things have improved since the last few years, the cm said on monday, adding that everyone-doctors, junior doctors and paramedical staff-played a crucial role in running government hospitals.
banerjee said the number of medical seats in the state had gone up to 3,800.
i would request pradip babu to see that medical seats are increased further, the cm said, turning to director of medical education pradip mitra.
the state has no problem employing doctors from other states.
the only thing is doctors from other states should learn the local language.
this happens to ias and ips officers serving as sdos and sps in bengal.
those coming from outside bengal learn the language.
the cm, while addressing the state-run health delivery system, pointed out that there had been major improvement in hospital infrastructure and that the nursing staff strength had gone up.
the number of nurses in government hospitals has increased from 32,000 to 52,000.
males have also joined the profession, she added.
new delhi: under attack by civil society, historians and the political opposition for attempting to privatise indias heritage monuments, the government on saturday clarified that the adopt a heritage programme run by the ministry of tourism entailed only development, operations and maintenace of tourism amenities in and around heritage monuments and did not, in any way, involve handing over of monuments to private partners.
the government came under attack by congress , tmc and cpm along with historians s irfan habib and william dalrymple over the tourism ministrys move to lease out the 17th century mughal-era monument to a private entity.
dalrymple expressed concern over the monuments auctioning.
.
.
off to a corporate house, while habib, said, history, particularly medieval, is being dragged into unsavoury controversies.
asi need to keep a close watch, if that works at all.
the political parties, though, were less forgiving.
congress said, after handing over the red fort to the dalmia group, which is the next distinguished location that the bjp government will lease out to a private entity?
west bengal chief minister and tmc chief mamatabanerjee also criticised the move on twitter.
she said, why cant the government even take care of our historic lal qila ?
red fort is a symbol of our nation.
it is where indias flag is hoisted on independence day.
why should it be leased out ?
sad and dark day in our history.
(sic)the concerns for the iconic monument were also echoed by cpm, which incidentally was part of the upa when monuments were being handed over to private entities for maintenance and upkeep.
its general secretary sitaram yechury , said, the parliamentary committee that went into the issue of handing over heritage sites to private corporate had decided against this unanimously.
govt should reverse its decision of privatising the red fort.
the government, however, clarified that the adopt a heritage scheme was nothing more than an effort  not new  to improve tourist amenities at heritage monuments to increase footfalls.
it is a repackaged version of the national culture fund  in operation since 1996  under which private firms offer to preserve and protect tangible and intangible heritage in india and choose to develop amenities, undertake research or find building or maintenance of a heritage project.
speaking to toi, tourism minister kj alphons said, the adoption scheme is aimed at involving communites in the upkeep of heritage monuments.
the responsibility of maintenaning our heritage should not remain only with some babus sitting in dusty offices.
as community assets, we want corporates, schools, public or private individuals to take care of the monuments and to take pride in them.
there is no profit-making in this scheme, nor does it allow partners, public or private, to touch the monuments.
tourism secretary rashmi verma also said all mous specify the mandate given by archaeological survey of india to the monument mitra who has adopted a site.
the mou clearly states that in case of any violation of the tenets, the mou will stand revoked and that the asi can take relevant action against the concerend party, verma said.
the ministry also clarified that the adopt a heritage programme is a non-revenue generating project.
as a part of responsible tourism, monument mitra will spend csr funds and will be granted limited visibility at the monument and on the ministrys incredible india website.
with specific reference to dalmia bharat being awarded adoption rights over red fort, the ministry said, the agency was selected on the basis of unique concept of vision bid and no financial bid is involved.
it envisages limited access of non-core areas and no handing over of monument is involved.
last week, dalmia group entered into a mou with the ministry of tourism promising to spend rs 25 crore on developing amenities around the monument for the next five years.
so far, the ministry has drafted 31 agencies as monument mitras for 95 monuments spread across india.
some of the monuments adopted include mt.
stok kangri in ladakh, the gaumukh trail in uttarakhand, dalmia bharat limited for red fort, and gandikota fort in andhra pradesh.
this story is from february 2, 2019download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
kolkata: they can even arrest me, that is their habit, a sarcastic chief minister mamatabanerjee lashed out on friday, a day after cbi questioned her close aide manik majumdar and sent summons to her senior party colleagues, derek obrien and subrata bakshi.
dont be surprised if they send a notice to my cook (at my kalighat home).
im waiting for it.
how many notices can they send?
im waiting, she said at the state assembly.
today i have opposed the budget, spoken a word or two before you all.
but i do not blame the cbi officers for it because they are being compelled to do that.
i have heard that these officers are summoned to the pms residence.
they are told kuchh toh karo.
isko notice bhejo, usko notice bhejo (do something.
send notices to these people).
chaiwala se kya cbiwala ban gaye hain?
she said.
bjp state president dilip ghosh said: they lack political courtesy.
she is surrounded by people who are under cbis radar.
realising that, she is now scared.
according to sources, the cm didnt take lightly cbi questioning her long-time aide majumdar.
he is ailing and elderly.
he is honest to the core.
they did not spare him either.
what are they trying to signal?
political persecution is not new to me.
i had innumerable fractures due to police assault, i survived.
i cannot be intimidated like this, a senior tmc leader quoted her as saying.
majumdar has been working with the chief minister since she was an mp and is now tasked with handling party affairs from her kalighat home.
sources in trinamool claimed the cm has done over 100 paintings and some were sold at a very low price.
no one questions that.
she herself has never personally taken a paisa from the sale of paintings, a source said.
one has to understand, she built this party single-handedly.
she had no support.
the paintings were a means to raise funds.
she did it unselfishly, the source added.
a senior leader, in the know of things, said: every paisa is accounted for.
there are annual audits to prove it.
however, there is a phase when the party accounts were looked after by a senior leader, now in bjp.
he left everything in a mess.
he was the root cause of trouble.
but that has been corrected since.
they can let loose as many agencies as they want but they cannot prove anything.
the building was originally built to accommodate 24 families of bb ganguly street where a station was planned .
.
.
read morekolkata: a g+5 building spread over 7 cottahs in central kolkata, which kmrc is considering as one of the options to rehabilitate some of the displaced families from bowbazar , is in need of completion and reclamation.
at a meeting with officials and the displaced residents at nabanna on tuesday, chief minister mamatabanerjee suggested to use the building on black burn lane near poddar court to accommodate some of the families.
the building was originally built to accommodate 24 families of bb ganguly street where a station was planned for the east-west link.
but it has been lying abandoned since the route was realigned via esplanade after residents refused to part with the land.
once the route was realigned, the building was abandoned without completing the work on the interiors, drainage and sewage.
this building has been lying abandoned since then.
ragpickers and van-rickshaw pullers have made the place their home.
we have approached the local police and the councillor several times but there has been no action against anybody.
it has become a no-go zone for local residents, said a member of the local chinese community who did not wish to be named.
the building is flanked by a mosque on its eastern side and toong on church, a chinese temple, on its west.
the road in front is closed to vehicular movement due to illegal parking and waste dumped on the carriageway by ragpickers.
close to 140 people are already staying on several floors of the building illegally though there is no rooms or washrooms.
waist-deep water has stagnated in the basement, which has space for 30 cars, since there is no drainage system and plastics dumped by ragpickers have clogged the outlets.
though each floor of the building is sprawling, it is not divided into rooms or flats.
enclosures for washrooms exist but the plumbing and sewage lines were never put in place.
large parts of the two lift shafts have been filled up with garbage.
the roof is leaking in several areas.
when toi shared the pictures of the building in its current state with some displaced residents, they expressed shock.
the place is in a shambles, but we are sure the east-west metro authorities will carry out the necessary restoration and repairs before shifting us there, said sandhya das, a resident of durga pithuri lane.
she has been living at a hotel since sunday after evacuation.
a team of officials visited the building on wednesday afternoon to assess the situation and find ways to make it habitable.
a local resident, who works as a guard there, accompanied the officials.
they took a tour of the building and clicked some pictures, he said.
several teams of kmrc are also scouting for apartments across the city to rehabilitate the displaced residents on a long-term basis on rent.
the plan is to shift the residents out of the hotels and put them up on rent in apartments till a permanent solution is worked out, a kmrc official said.
the bjp leader also claimed to have identified the person who had led the assault on him and virtually challen.
.
.
read morethese are self-proclaimed naxalites.
.
the one with a red band and the one with blue stripe shirt - he is the one wh https://t.
co/tigmwa53aq  babul supriyo (@supriyobabul) 1568965367000kolkata: terming the left student activists as cowards who had assaulted him in the jadavpur university campus, bjp leader and union minister babul supriyo on friday virtually challenged west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee to charge them for the assault and said no one should be allowed to malign and tarnish the name of the institution.
these cowards will not be allowed to malign & tarnish the image of #jadavpuruniversity .
.
u shall be found out by us soon but don't worry, you shall not be treated in the manner you treated me, supriyo said in a series of tweets, a day after he was heckled, slapped, punched and detained for hours by left students in the campus.
supriyo had gone to the university campus to attend a freshers' welcome and address a seminar on the national register of citizens.
posting video footages of the assault, supriyo identified a bearded youth and said identify of this naxalite .
.
is he a ju student?
even if it's a yes, he has no business inciting a mob in the manner he did .
.
.
#truefootageofju #jadhavpuruniversitytweeting another video footage, the singer-turned-politician said, these are self-proclaimed naxalites.
.
the one with a red band and the one with blue stripe shirt - he is the one who can be seen catching hold of my hair.
.
check out my reasoning with them and then check their demeanour.
the bjp leader also claimed to have identified the person who had led the assault on him and virtually challenged the state's cm to charge that man for the assault.
this is the guy who led the assault in #jadavpuruniversity .
.
we will find him out and then see what @mamataofficial does to him in terms of charging him for assault without any provocation whatsoever from our/my side, he said, tweeting another video.
after over six hours, supriyo was rescued by dhankhar, who drove to the university escorted by a large police force, and brought supriyo out of the campus in his car.
however, on his arrival, dhankhar was also stranded for close to an hour in the campus as the left protestors held a sit-in demonstration and even lay prostrate before his vehicle.
kolkata: chief minister mamatabanerjee is set to meet private school representatives at nabanna on may 31 to discuss the fee hike debate.
this will be the first step towards the consultative process that mamatabanerjee promised in march to evolve a consensus on the school fee structure.
unlike gujarat, which has set a ceiling on school fees at primary and secondary levels, bengal is taking the reverse route of making school authorities a party to the decision-making process.
the meeting is likely to be attended by all stakeholders, including owners of schools, heads of christian associations, who administer minority schools, and even head of principal associations.
we have started to send out invitations to private schools affiliated to icse, cbse, ib and the west bengal board of secondary education.
they are being invited over phone, through emails and in some cases, letters, education minister partha chatterjee told the state assembly on thursday .
confirming an invitation over phone, west bengal asso ciation of christian schools secretary moloy d'costa said, i have been asked to convey the message to schools, such as don bosco, st xavier's, st lawrence, auxilium convent, calcutta boys' and calcutta girls' among others.
the meeting is slated for 2.
30pm, d'costa said.
archbishop and association president thomas d'souza and vice-president asoke biswas, along with others, will attend the meeting.
the school education department is drafting a questionnaire on the private school fee structure.
the cm is likely to discuss parents' concern about spiralling fees, which led to protests recently .
she will also discuss the threelanguages policy from class i, one of which has to be bengali.
one of the other issues bothering the state is the facilities offered by schools, which are often not uniform.
the cm may also ask the school authorities for their opinion on the clauses for renewal of nocs by the state, a school education department official said.
private schools have reportedly welcomed the state initiative of holding a brain-storming session on fees, which usually depended on several parameters, from the infrastructure to teaching quality .
most principals want guardians to understand that private schools have to run the show on their own, while the govern ment pays state-aided school employees.
private schools are of different categories and their qualities differ.
we need to recruit adequate qualified teachers to meet the ideal teacher-student ratio.
we have 30 students in each class, while some schools have 45 or more.
the facilities also differ.
all these involve a huge cost.
we want the government to consider all these parameters while determining fees, instead of announcing a strait-jacket formula, said seema sapru, principal of the heritage school , which offers icse and ib curricula.
the schools also want the government to promise zeropolitical interference.
we want transparency in the functioning of our schools and the fee structure.
but we expect the state to protect us from political inference.
local politicians have tried to influence admissions, promotion of students and recruitment of teachers, said nabarun de, secretary of association of icsc schools in bengal and northeast.
accepts demands of protestingread also:doctors to continue agitationcentre seeks report on violencedoctors refuse meeting with mamataunion ministerwrites to states over security of doctorsbengal governor writes to mamatabanerjee banerjeedoctors calls off strike, issue 48-hour ultimatum to bengal governmentwbcpcr urges doctors to end strike, claims children dying due to lack of treatment(with agency inputs)the west bengal government on saturday accepted all the demands of the agitating doctors and requested them to rejoin services as the stir entered its fifth day.
calling the assault on a junior doctor at a kolkata hospital an unfortunate incident, chief minister mamatabanerjee said that her government is committed towards resuming normal services in the state at the earliest.
we never arrested a single person.
we will not take any police action.
health services cannot continue like this.
i am not going to take any stringent action.
let good sense prevail, she said at a press conference today.
the doctors, however, ignored mamata's appeal and said they will continue with their agitation in the state, adding that the chief minister did not take any honest initiative to address their concerns.
the ministry of home affairs has sought a report from the west bengal government on the strike by the doctors.
in an advisory, the mha said it has received a number of representations from doctors, healthcare professionals and medical associations from different parts of the country for their safety and security in view of the ongoing strike by doctors in west bengal.
earlier today, agitating doctors turned down the invite for a closed-door meeting with chief minister mamatabanerjee at the state secretariat, raising apprehension about their security, and instead asked her to visit the nrs medical college and hospital for an open discussion to resolve the impasse.
they said no representative of the agitating doctors would be attending the meeting called by mamatabanerjee at the state secretariat on saturday evening.
in view of the assault on doctors in west bengal, union health minister harsh vardhan wrote to the chief ministers of all states and union territories (uts), urging them to take strict action against any person who assaults medical practitioners.
expressing deep concern over the recent act of violence against doctors, the union health minister stated that incidents of assaults on doctors are reported from different parts of the country, leading to a sudden strike by doctors, gravely affecting healthcare services.
west bengal governor keshari nath tripathi wrote to chief minister mamatabanerjee advising her to take immediate steps to provide security to medicos and find out a solution to the impasse rising out of junior doctors' agitation across the state.
tripathi advised her to take the doctors into confidence about the arrangements of their security as well as the progress of investigation into the incidents of assault on them.
banerjee later said that she has spoken to the governor and apprised him about the steps taken by the state government to resolve the impasse in hospitals.
protest by doctors in delhi, in solidarity with their striking colleagues in kolkata, spread to several government hospitals, who could not join a nationwide stir on june 14.
resident doctors at aiims, who resumed work after having boycotted it on friday, had given a 48-hour ultimatum to mamatabanerjee to meet the demands of the state's agitating doctors, failing which they said they would go on an indefinite strike.
they attended patients wearing helmets and bandages on forehead as a sign of protest.
aiims resident doctors will also take out a candle march in the campus in the evening.
the west bengal commission for protection of child rights (wbcpcr) had also urged the agitating doctors of the state to call off their strike because children were dying for lack of timely critical medical services.
condemning the attack on doctors, the organisation said that many patients do not possess enough money to avail treatment at private nursing homes and hospitals.
dhaka: bangladesh prime minister sheikh hasina is likely to visit india in october to discuss several bilateral and regional issues, including the long-pending pact on the teesta water sharing and the rohingya crisis, foreign minister dr a k momen said here today.
it will be hasina's first visit to india after assuming office for the third consecutive term.
hasina's alliance, dominated by her party awami league, won the general election with a thumping majority in december last year.
we are expecting the visit to take place in the first week of october.
we will finalise the date and the agenda after external affairs minister s jaishankar's official trip to dhaka later this month, momen told pti.
jaishankar will visit bangladesh on august 20 on a two-day visit.
the agenda of the prime minister's visit will include discussions on all bilateral and regional issues, including sharing of water in 54 common rivers and the teesta in particular, momen said.
the teesta deal was set to be signed during the then prime minister manmohan singh's visit to bangladesh in september 2011, but was postponed at the last minute due to objections by west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjee.
teesta water is crucial for bangladesh, especially in the leanest period from december to march, when the water flow often temporarily comes down to less than 1,000 cusecs from 5,000 cusecs.
in principal, we agree (to sign the teesta deal).
.
.
but it is being delayed due to the objection of west bengal, he said.
momen said dhaka is hopeful about the deal, but is also concerned that it could get delayed further until new delhi reaches a consensus with west bengal.
he said the rohingya crisis was also likely to come up during hasina's visit.
new delhi has conveyed to dhaka that the repatriation process should start immediately.
.
.
i am confident that the process of repatriation will start soon, the minister said, adding that major myanmar allies including india, china and japan have extended their support to bangladesh on the rohingya issue.
bangladesh, which is facing a big influx of rohingya muslims from myanmar, is seeking enhanced india's support in handling the crisis by mounting pressure on myanmar to take back the refugees who have taken shelter in the country.
according to the united nations, over 745,000 rohingya muslims have fled myanmar's rakhine state into bangladesh following serious human rights abuses.
however, myanmar denies the allegations.
momen said in a recent meeting with jaishankar in bangkok, the indian minister told him that new delhi has already talked to the myanmar government and its military authorities and urged them to bring back rohingyas as soon as possible.
the indian foreign minister told me to start the repatriation process as early as possible, he said.
this story is from january 15, 2019akhilesh yadavsamajwadi party presidenthas just scripted a historic alliance with bahujan samaj party chiefafter 25 years of bitter enmity between the two parties.
geared up to take on the bjp in the lok sabha elections just a few months away, akhilesh yadav told toi in an exclusive interview, his first after announcing the coalition formally, how it took just 25 minutes to keep a 25-year-old rivalry behind and how the two parties have found a common ground  welfare of the people  to rise above caste-ridden politics.
excerpts now that thealliance is formalized, do you think it is enough to take on the bjp during the lok sabha elections?
what is the road ahead?
up chief minister yogi adityanath has ridiculed you by saying that you would have accepted even 10 seats from mayawati after having prostrated in front of her yogi also said that the alliance is of two castiest and corrupt forces .
.
.
given the long-standing enmity between sp and bsp, which continued for 25 years, how could you make this coming together possible?
how many times did you meet mayawati between the big lok sabha bypoll wins in gorakhpur and phoolpur last year and january 4?
mayawati is known to be a tough person.
how did you make her come around to support you?
what has been the reaction of your father and sp patronto this alliance?
where do you think this pressure may have come from?
while the top leadership of the two parties, who were inimical to each other for 25 years, may have decided to form an alliance, will the party cadres  who have been fighting bitterly against each other on ground for over two-and-a-half decades  work together and integrate ahead of the polls?
you seem to have set your caste arithmetic well in your pursuit to defeat bjp will you join the opposition conclave hosted by trinamool congress leader mamatabanerjee in kolkata on january 19?
will you contest the lok sabha election from kannauj, a seat you once represented?
you had declared earlier that your wife and present kannauj mpwill not contest the election this time, as you wanted to set an example of ending pariwarwad.
will she be not contesting this time?
do you see yourself in 7 race course road soon?
download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
the alliance is so formidable and effective that it can bring down not only the bjp government at the centre but also the yogi government in the state.
apart from the strength of the alliance, what will make this happen is the state of farmers, who are in distress.
some from tamil nadu drank urine in protest against the centre when they marched to delhi.
in maharashtra, agitating farmers formed the red army.
in madhya pradesh, they were protesting when the bjp government ordered firing on them.
farmers are depressed and youth are jobless.
traders are being raided and harassed in the name of gst implementation.
women are unsafe.
the ill-conceived demonetization process did not achieve any of the goals that were promised.
they just made political gains out of it by winning the up assembly polls.
bjp is trying to provoke us to use the derogatory language they use.
but, we have been taught values and respect.
i cannot stoop low like yogi can by using foul language against me and mayawati.
if yogi wants his party to bag a few seats in the lok sabha polls this time, he should focus on reining in the rampaging bulls and stray cattle in the state that are destroying crops, killing and injuring people on the streets.
nothing is impossible if your intention is noble.
to forge a strong bond, you need an honest approach.
in just 25 minutes of meeting, we kept behind a 25-year-old enmity.
this was during our meeting in delhi on january 4, where we firmed up the seat-sharing formula.
we met just once during this period.
however, we did have several telephonic conversations.
she is tough and unwavering on her ideology and convictions.
i spoke to him just ahead of announcing the alliance.
i speak to him regularly.
he had his own struggles and problems to face in the past.
we all know how he toiled to build the party, which is a major force in indian politics today.
mayawati, while announcing the alliance at the press conference along with you, said that the alliance led to crackdown by the cbi on the mining scam, dragging in your name tooi would not say much about the cbi.
but, i have learnt that while cbi officers were not willing to drag me into it, there was pressure on them to include a line in the fir that the role of the ministers who held the mining portfolio should also be looked into.
cbi ke upar kaun hota hai, yeh sab jaante hainparty cadres do fight against each other often in elections like panchayat and local body polls.
but, ultimately they work for the party.
sp and bsp contested against each other for decades but now we are united.
to further bolster this bond, i have made it clear to sp workers that any insult to mayawati would be akin to insulting me.
no, this is not a coalition based on caste equations.
we have found a common ground  development of the people, especially the marginalsed and the downtrodden, and welfare of the country at a time when social tension and hatred are vitiating the atmosphere.
my participation in this conclave was decided much earlier.
i will attend to support opposition unity.
let us see, we will finalise soon.
i cannot say at this stage.
with time, things change in politics.
if bjp ends dynasty culture, we will too.
as of now, all that i can say with certainty is that elections are not far away and i am confident that a new occupant will check in soon.
people of the country will elect a new prime minister in the lok sabha elections.
darjeeling: chief minister mamatabanerjee wants people in the hills to ensure peace so that her government can work for their prosperity.
referring to the rs 300-crore loss in tea industry with the total damage in the hills adding up to rs 1,000 crore during the 104-day shutdown, the cm said at the hill business summit (hbs): you give us peace, we will give you prosperity.
i come to north bengal twice a month.
i am like your elder sister, so feel free to get in touch with me in case you are having a problem.
during the inaugural session of the business summit itself, the cm offered rs 100 crore for boosting trade and business in the hills, including investment sectors  horticulture, food processing, tea tourism, cultural tourism, software, medicinal plants, education and transport.
we have many firsts to our credit.
we are number one in the ease of doing business, skill development and msme sector, the cm said.
mamata felt that the symbiotic relationship can thrive only if the narendra modi government at the centre doesnt give indulgence to those who want to take away darjeeling from west bengal.
i would only expect delhi not to meddle with those trying to divide the hills for narrow electoral gains, the cm said while inaugurating the hbs at darjeelings mall on monday.
elaborating on the government initiative, the cm said: the government is setting up it parks in darjeeling and kalimpong.
mirik can also be suitable place for a software park.
kurseong can be developed as an education hub.
presidency university is having a campus here.
there are so many areas  tiger hill, mirik, sandakphu, lava, lolegaon  that we need to explore.
investors like harsh neotia has a rs 300crore investment plan.
mayank jalan also has some food processing plans.
ive heard that dilip roy has some hotel plans.
weather in the hills is quite favourable for growing orchids and flowers, which can be exported.
representatives from japan have evinced interest in nurturing the tea industry.
the new teesta city is coming up at siliguri , the cm said.
she also urged cii director general chandrajit mamatabanerjee to prepare a master plan for darjeeling, highlighting the business potential in the area.
incidentally, the summit is organised in association with cii.
mamata then turned to gorkhaland territorial administration chairman binay tamang and said: you all wanted a business summit here.
the government made it happen in a month.
investors are ready to put in money in this region.
they want three things from you  keep darjeeling green and clean.
solve the water shortage and guarantee peace in the hills, the cm said.
this story is from december 26, 2018(representative image)download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
hyderabad: all india congress committee spokesperson and rajya sabha member mv rajeev gowda has charged telangana cm k chandrasekhar rao with cobbling a federal front only with the objective of benefiting the bjp at the national level.
stating that prime minister narendra modi was behind kcrs proposed federal front, gowda said west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee is a secular leader and she would sail with the congress-led coalition.
if kcr is going around and trying to create a third alternative, then he is only dividing the opposition and paving the way for modi sarkar to continue to damage indias democratic, secular and socio-cultural fabric, gowda said at a press conference on tuesday.
asked if there is a possibility of the trs joining the congress-led mahagathbandhan , he said, we would welcome every political party in the country that is opposed to the bjp to join us because we are on a mission to save the country.
patna: firebrand jd(u) spokesperson ajay alok quit his post late on thursday, within 24 hours of attacking trinamool chief mamatabanerjee and taking a dig at union home minister amit shah over illegal infiltration of rohingya muslims into west bengal.
in a letter addressed to party chief nitish kumar, alok said he did not want to be a source of embarrassment to the cm.
alok, who also resigned from the post of jd(u) state general secretary, told toi on friday that he had resigned because there was resentment among senior leaders over his recent statement against banerjee.
there was resentment among a few senior leaders over my statement against mamatabanerjee in which i said she is turning west bengal into a mini-pakistan.
i felt there was a difference of opinion between me and my party.
i felt that my party was uncomfortable with my opinion even though i was only speaking about the safety of biharis in west bengal, alok told toi.
i have resigned as a spokesperson from jd(u) as i think i am not doing good job as my views which are mine of course do not match with my party, alok had tweeted on thursday.
this story is from february 9, 2019download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
kolkata: chief minister mamatabanerjee on friday rebutted prime minister narendra modis accusations one by one, reserving for pointed criticism his unilateral inauguration of the calcutta high courts jalpaiguri circuit bench.
she said he was scared of the 23-party oust-modi gathbandhan in defence of the constitution, which had come under siege during his tenure.
calling modi names  muddy babu, rafalewallah, master of arrogance  the west bengal cm turned the tables on the pm.
he is saying that his opponents are all corrupt.
she dared modi to do a tripura in bengal.
bjp spent huge money in tripura.
bengal is a different turf.
here, some may take money from him but are not going to vote for his party.
people are with me and trinamool, and modi cant change it as long as i am alive, she said.
it has become old by now and wont work this time.
chit fund companies came into being in the 1980s.
what steps has the centre taken against the culprits since then?
has the modi government taken a single step against communists who were in government at that time?
banerjee, also the trinamool chief, emphasised that it was her government that arrested the saradha boss, set up a special investigation team to probe the scam, and also formed a judicial commission to return money to duped depositors.
the shyamal sen commission has returned around rs 300 crore to depositors.
tell me what the centre has done for returning the money, she said.
banerjee made no bones that she was on the same page as congress on the rafale controversy.
congress leaders have the relevant papers and are raising points against the deal.
they can tell it better.
pardeh ke peechhe kuchh to kala hai, she said.
banerjees immediate grouse, however, was modis single-handed inauguration of the hcs jalpaiguri circuit bench in a bid to corner laurels ahead of lok sabha polls.
the state government, the cm said, would be writing to the supreme court updating it about the episode.
i feel ashamed of responding to this man.
what he said is a pack of lies unworthy of the pms chair.
he has been doing this on the eve of every election but this time the dirty trick wont work.
his government has reached its expiry date.
people across the country are disgusted with him.
inaugurating the circuit bench as part of the bharatm-ala project, the pm said: th-is is a 40-year-old demand of the people of this region.
the calcutta high court took the first step some 20 years ago.
the state cabinet gave the go-ahead to the proposal 13-14 years ago.
but things didnt materialise.
it bears out the neglect by governments.
the bench comes under the jurisdiction of the calcutta high court.
the state government gave the land, spent rs 300 crore for setting up the complex and necessary infrastructure.
the cm compared the inauguration to a marriage ceremony where the bride and groom were absent but the band party was going on full blast.
today is the anniversary of the #emergency declared in 1975.
for the last five years, the country went through a s https://t.
co/gtwsbnlsof  mamatabanerjee (@mamataofficial) 1561427700000india salutes all those greats who fiercely and fearlessly resisted the emergency.
indias democratic ethos succe https://t.
co/bj2ebist47  narendra modi (@narendramodi) 1561433768000new delhi: taking aim at the bjp-led central government, west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on tuesday asserted that the country went through a period of 'super emergency' in the last five years - narendra modi 's first tenure as prime minister.
today is the anniversary of the #emergency declared in 1975.
for the last five years, the country went through a 'super emergency'.
we must learn our lessons from history and fight to safeguard the democratic institutions in the country, mamatabanerjee tweeted on the occasion of the emergency.
banerjee, who has been at loggerheads with bjp, did not participate in the recent all-party meetings convened by prime minister modi.
she also skipped the swearing-in ceremony of the new government last month and did not attend the june 15 niti aayog meeting.
on the other hand, modi said that the country saluted those who fiercely and fearlessly resisted the emergency period.
india salutes all those greats who fiercely and fearlessly resisted the emergency.
india's democratic ethos successfully prevailed over an authoritarian mindset, he tweeted.
june 25 marks the day when then prime minister indira gandhi had declared a state of emergency in the country for a 21-month period from 1975 to 1977.
officially issued by president fakhruddin ali ahmed under article 352 of the constitution due of the prevailing internal disturbance, the emergency was in effect from june 25, 1975, until its withdrawal on march 21, 1977.
the order vested upon the prime minister the authority to rule by decree, allowing elections to be suspended and civil liberties to be curbed.
the emergency is considered to be one of the most controversial periods of independent india's history.
lucknow: three days after a twitter exchange between aap and congress leaders raised speculations of a possible pre-poll arrangement in delhi in 2019 lok sabha polls, the party's national secretary and rajya sabha member sanjay singh on monday visited lucknow to meet samajwadi party (sp) supremo akhilesh yadav the two had a 40-minute closed-door meeting, fortifying prospects of a renewed opposition unity building up in the hindi heartland after bypoll successes by sp-bsp combine in gorakhpur and phulpur in march, and rld-sp alliance in kairana and noorpur last week.
the camp sp was quick to post the photographs of the meeting between two leaders on twitter.
the purpose of the meeting was to congratulate akhilesh ji on behalf of kejriwal ji on the grand success in noorpur and kairana bypolls.
besides, there was a longer discussion on the current anti-bjp mood following farmer protests and dalit atrocities.
we felt that there is a need for opposition parties to unite, singh told media after the meeting.
the meeting between aap and sp comes barely a week after aap supremo and delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal met akhilesh separately in bangalore and subsequently announced support for kairana and noorpur bypolls.
aap's presence so far in up is though limited to western districts and the party registered some degree of success in 2017 urban bodies polls where it won 45 councillors' seats in moradabad, amroha, hapur and neighbouring districts besides two chairmen, each in bundelkhand and bijnaur.
a senior sp leader said that party would not mind banking upon the bitter rivalry between aap and bjp in delhi and strategically used in national capital region (ncr) districts where it may enter into seat-sharing with rld, aap and bsp.
moradabad, bareilly, agra and saharanpur is where bjp has had its strongholds in the recent past.
thought dalits and obcs are now up in arms against them, our party would not mind exploring options with aap in these districts, said an sp leader.
sources in the bsp confirmed that senior aap leaders would also be meeting party chief mayawati in lucknow next week to offer support in the upcoming madhya pradesh elections.
what also brings an uncanny similarity between kejriwal and akhilesh is their engineering backgrounds and fondness for trinamool congress chief mamatabanerjee , who has held talks with them in the backdrop of jds-congress alliance show in bengaluru last month.
new delhi: the problems being faced by tobacco farmers in andhra pradesh figured in the rajya sabha on monday, with a bjp member asking the centre to help the distressed growers.
raising the issue during the zero hour , g v l narasimha (bjp) said the quality of tobacco crop, including in the west godavari district, was poor due to consecutive five-year drought in the area and farmers were not getting reasonable price for their produce.
he said during a similar situation in 2015 a compensation package was given to farmers, and urged the union commerce ministry to extend a similar helping hand to growers in the times of distress.
the bjp also suggested liberalisation in licensing norms for growing tobacco.
he further said if tobacco farmers are to be encouraged to switch to alternative crop, a stable policy needs to be devised.
rajya sabha chairman m venkaiah naidu said the world health organisation has highlighted evil effects of consuming tobacco.
he said the health ministry and other wings of the government were trying to impress upon people to see that area under cultivation of tobacco gets reduced and progressively farmers go for alternative crops.
naidu cautioned that if the government is liberal in giving licence for tobacco cultivation, there would be glut in the market and farmers may go for distress sale.
tmc member manish gupta raised the issue of an alleged threat issued by a bjp leader to west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee earlier, naidu had not approved a notice by gupta for suspension of question hour to take up the issue.
the chairman said the notice was based on a newspaper report.
making a special mention in the house, binoy viswam of the cpi raised the matter of death of poor people due to heat wave.
he said about 500 people have died due to heat wave and expressed apprehension that many would die during the cold wave in winters.
the cpi member said even after 70 years of independence the country has to witness such deaths.
this situation needs to be changed, viswam said and demanded adequate shelter homes for poor people.
he said as india would be celebrating 75 years of independence, no indian should die anymore due to heat wave or cold wave.
senior congress member husain dalwai highlighted the poor condition of muslims in the country.
he said illiteracy level was highest among members of the community.
he also said child labour was also very high among muslims.
elamaram kareem (cpi-m), in is his special mention highlighted the poor financial condition of bsnl and demanded both short term as well as long term fund infusion in the state-owned telecom firm.
meanwhile, the chairman asked members to raise issues related to latest issues and not general issues during the zero hour.
he said members get chance to raise general issues on several occasions, like discussions on budget and motion of thanks on president's address.
representative imagekolkata: like any other murder, killings in mob attacks may now be punishable with death in bengal.
the state assembly on friday unanimously passed the west bengal (prevention and lynching) bill 2019, which makes acts of lynching punishable by life sentence or death.
the bill defines lynching as any mob violence on grounds of religion, race, caste, sex, place of birth, language, dietary practices, sexual orientation, political affiliation, ethnicity or any other ground.
earlier in the draft bill, lynching was punishable by a life term, which was changed to death sentence when it was tabled in the assembly on friday.
it was argued that since murder attracts maximum punishment of death, there should be a provision of death penalty for deaths in mob attacks.
three categories of punishment have been proposed in the bill.
any person involved in a conspiracy to lynch another person or who abets an act of lynching shall be punished in the same manner as if he had himself committed lynching.
apart from this, it proposes a one-year jail term and a fine of rs 50,000 for publishing, communicating or disseminating offensive material by any method  physical or electronic; this brings into its ambit social media platforms.
the proposals also include a jail term of up to three years, with a fine of up to rs 1 lakh, for anyone responsible for encouraging hostility against a single person or a group of people.
the chief minister said, lynching is a social evil and the supreme court (in july 2018) has directed to act strongly against lynching.
the centre has not introduced any anti-lynching legislation, so we are bringing this law in our state to fight this evil.
the bengal legislation, second after manipur, also calls for protection of witness.
the bill was hailed by the lgbtqi community.
people belonging to the gender and sexually minority groups are extremely vulnerable to mob lynching, said bappaditya mukherjee, founder director of prantakatha, an organization that works for the community.
kolkata: west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee is likely to meet prime minister narendra modi in delhi on wednesday and her efforts to reach out to the pm invited a dig from the bjp which saw it as a classic example of opportunistic politics.
banerjee will be leaving for new delhi on tuesday for a likely meeting with the pm on wednesday, state secretariat sources said here on monday.
the two leaders are likely to hold discussions on administrative issues of west bengal at the meeting, they said.
an appointment was sought by the chief minister's office last week from modi's office for the meeting.
it will take place in new delhi on wednesday, an official said.
the proposed meeting between the two leaders has heated up the political scenario in west bengal as mamatabanerjee has been one of the harshest critics of the bjp and modi.
she did not attend modi's swearing-in in may when he took over charge for the second time and stayed away from the niti aayog meeting in june.
the last time mamatabanerjee and modi met was at the visva bharati university convocation at shantiniketan on may 25, 2018.
the opposition cpm and congress in the state too took a jibe at the proposed meeting calling it a part of the political match-fixing of bjp and tmc in bengal.
the expected meeting assumes significance as it will be held at a time when several leaders of the ruling trinamool congress and former kolkata police commissioner rajeev kumar are under the cbi scanner in connection with the saradha ponzi scheme scam.
the saradha group of companies had allegedly duped lakhs of innocent people of about rs 2500 crore by promising them higher rate of return on their investments.
the bjp, which is sparing no effort to score over tmc before the crucial 2021 assembly elections, found fresh opportunity to attack mamatabanerjee saying that the cmo's request to modi's office was in reality banerjee's desperate attempt to save herself from the clutches of the cbi.
bjp national secretary rahul sinha said, we all know the kind of language she (banerjee) had used against prime minister narendra modi during elections and even after that.
she never had any regard for the federal structure and had even said she does not feel the need to respect modiji as the country's prime minister.
now all of a sudden why she is going to delhi is an open secret.
everybody knows why and for what she is going.
this also brings out her nature as an opportunistic politician, who can go to any extent to get her purpose served and forget it once the work is over.
according to a another senior bjp leader who did not wish to be named, mamatabanerjee has sought the meeting with modi to save herself and her tmc leaders from the clutches of the cbi which is probing the multi-crore chit fund scam in the state.
it is quite obvious that she is going to delhi to make an unofficial appeal to ensure she and her party leaders are not touched by cbi.
but it will not work, our party leaders will ever compromise on the issue of fighting corruption.
all those who have looted public money will have to go behind the bars, he said.
the saffron party which won 18 out of a total of 42 lok sabha seats in bengal, only four less than tmc's tally of 22, is eyeing to deseat banerjee's party in the 2021 state polls.
the trinamool congress has, however, termed the bjp claims as baseless and said in the federal structure the chief minister is well within her rights to meet the prime minister to discuss developmental issues of the state.
west bengal pcc president somen mitra said, we have been saying for a long time that both tmc and bjp are playing a fixed match in bengal.
she is going to meet the prime minister to ensure that cbi goes slow in the chit fund scam probe.
bhangar: come what may, the power grid project will be set up in bhangar, trinamool congress leader abdur rezzak molla said on sunday.
the agitators can talk to the administration if they want, but nobody can stall the project, he said.
don't get incited by outsiders.
people of bhangar need electricity.
we can switch off power supply to some villages to make them understand how life is without electricity, the minister added.
sunday saw the united face of the strife-torn trinamool in bhangar after party chief mamatabanerjee categorically said she would not tolerate any infighting.
on sunday, all three leaders of three major trinamool factions in bhanagar - abdur rezzak molla, arabul islam and kaizar ahmed - took part in the meeting and tried hard to convince the locals why power grid is necessary for the overall development of bhangar.
you can have a dialogue with us.
but don't ever think that the power grid project will be revoked, said molla.
arabul, too, echoed his views and said setting up the project is major challenge for them.
people are with us.
people want power.
agitation by a handful of people cannot derail the project, he said.
there was tension in the area after alleged trinamool cadres attacked villagers a few days ago.
a section of villagers have been opposing the power project.
representative imagedownload the times of india news app for latest citykolkata: a man died on saturday as his hand got stuck between the doors of a metro train which started moving soon after at park street station , police said.
the deceased has been identified as sajal kanjilal , 56, a resident of kasba area of the city, they said.
the train was immediately brought to a halt and its power supply switched off, while the passengers were evacuated, a metro railway spokesperson said.
there has been an unfortunate incident at park street station at 6.
42 pm.
while boarding a kabi subhash bound train, a passenger's hand got stuck between the doors, the spokesperson said.
how this happened is a matter of inquiry, she added.
metro services were briefly suspended following the mishap.
chief minister mamatabanerjee has also ordered a police inquiry into the incident.
download the times of india news app for latest citykolkata: an fir was registered sunday against the metro railway after a complaint alleging negligence on its part was lodged by the family of a man who died after he was dragged by a train as his hand got stuck between two of its doors, police said.
the incident took place at the park street station on saturday when the man, sajal kanjilal, a resident of kasba area of kolkata, was trying to board a kabi subhash-bound train.
according to eyewitnesses, kanjilal fell on the tracks as the train entered the tunnel.
the train came to a halt, with four of its eight coaches still at the platform, after staff and passengers outside raised an alarm.
the man was rushed to the sskm hospital, where the doctors declared him brought dead.
rajkumar mukherjee, kanjilal's cousin, said he has filed a complaint at park street police station accusing the metro authorities of criminal negligence.
we will take up the matter with the highest metro authorities, no matter what, he said.
an fir was lodged against metro railway today on the basis of a complaint filed by sajal kanjilal's family, alleging criminal negligence, a police official said.
the metro railway authority has ordered an inquiry into the incident by the commissioner of railway safety (crs), an official said.
he said the mishap took place in one of the newly inducted rakes, manufactured by the integral coach factory .
the rakes, delivered more than 20 months ago, were put into service only a few months ago.
the crs will conduct an inquiry to ascertain the cause of the incident and submit a report at the earliest, he added.
questions are being raised over the sensor technology used in the rakes and its alleged failure to detect kanjilal's hand between the doors, but a clear picture in the matter will be available only after the investigation, the official said.
west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee saturday ordered a police inquiry into the incident, which she described as very unfortunate.
she asked state urban development minister and kolkata mayor firhad hakim to assure kanjilal's family of full cooperation from the government.
theatre artists sunday took out a protest march near the park street station, alleging that laxity on part of the metro railway led to kanjilal's death.
they also sought a response on the allegations from the authorities.
kanjilal, who was unmarried, sold magazines at academy of fine arts and nandan complex, a hub of cultural activities in the city, for a living.
west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjee.
the implementation of the nrc is nothing but a political vendetta of the bjp-led central government.
she told the assembly.
we will never let bjp implement the national register of citizens in west bengal, she said at the assembly during a discussion on the motion on nrc under rule 185.
this (nrc implementation) is nothing but an attempt to divert the attention of the people from the ongoing economic crisis in the country, she said.
assam is the only state in the country where the nrc has been implemented.
the final list was published on august 31.
there is nobody in the country to speak against the bjp in the country, mamatabanerjee added.
today is world water monitoring day.
our #bangla govt has recently announced the new 'jalashree' scheme with the ai https://t.
co/actqtuqukl  mamatabanerjee (@mamataofficial) 1568774460000the #bangla govt is already running the jal dharo-jal bharo scheme with the objective of rainwater harvesting.
th https://t.
co/sjkq1dbvl0  mamatabanerjee (@mamataofficial) 1568774520000kolkata: west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on wednesday emphasised the need for conservation of water resources on the occasion of world water monitoring day she highlighted a slew of projects which were undertaken by her government with an aim at strengthening irrigation facilities and providing relief to people during the periods of drought.
today is world water monitoring day.
our #bangla govt has recently announced the new 'jalashree' scheme with the aim of coordinating irrigation projects involving canals, wetlands and rivers so as to give effective relief to people during periods of drought, mamatabanerjee wrote in her twitter handle.
she also said, the #bangla govt is already running the jal dharo-jal bharo scheme with the objective of rainwater harvesting .
the jalatirtha scheme, for minor irrigation, has now been extended to the sundarbans and the hills.
the world water monitoring day is celebrated annually since 2003 by america's clean water foundation (acwf), which aims to grow public awareness and involvement in protecting water resources.
new delhi: no matter who forms govt, the karnataka assembly election verdict has thrown up some clear winners and losers and some winners who may turn losers.
here is a list of winner, losers and some winners who may end up as losers:yet again proves mettle as champion campaigner.
bjps numbers will help validate the modi model since a key part of the pms campaign was to pitch his governments ability to deliver on big schemes within deadlines, such as electrification of villages.
the pm remains popular, drawing large crowds, and charges of sectarianism and intolerance do not seem to have dimmed the sheen in his fourth year in office and, crucially, less than a year ahead of the next lok sabha polls.
the bjp chief complements modi as a risk-taker and adds the skills of a micro manager of elections.
the decision to settle the leadership argument in favour of b s yeddyurappa, and seeing to it that all factions fell in line, was implemented ruthlessly.
called on influential lingayat mutts to ensure most stayed neutral on congresss move to declare the community a religious minority.
held roadshows and met small caste leaders to counter congresss ahinda (minority-obc-dalit) plank.
now has the task of trying to get hold of 6 to 7 mlas to tie up the trust vote for bjp  a job that will test his post-poll management.
the lingayat strongman delivered the vote in his areas of strength, living up to his billing as a neta with a pan-karnataka grassroots appeal.
it is a remarkable comeback for the leader who was isolated in bjp and walked out to form his own party in november 2012.
he returned to bjp in january 2014 and launched a state-wide yatra to mobilise the bjp base ahead of the polls.
a taciturn man, he does not much believe in accommodating rivals, but has fought off graft charges to re-emerge as the partys top neta in karnataka, tantalisingly close to the big prize.
hd deve gowda achieved a prime goal in the polls: to stop siddaramaiah becoming cm again.
having stalled the man he considers a traitor, he then showed not the slightest hesitation in considering an offer from congress for jd(s) to lead the government.
the move indicates that gowda and son kumaraswamy can never be written off.
they have ridden on a high consolidation of vokkaliga votes and also of other groups at the cost of congress.
kumaraswamy, who has been cm once with bjp support, has ended up listening to his father despite alleged differences.
despite congresss moves to strike a deal with jd(s) and snatch an unlikely victory, rahul gandhi's leadership of an opposition alliance will remain under challenge from the likes of mamatabanerjee and telanganas k chandrashekar rao, who have proposed a federal front.
his attacks on pm modi and bjp for being anti-dalit and anti-minority and for planting rss appointees in key positions along with the decision to seek impeachment of the chief justice of india do not seem to have got much traction.
he may have to go beyond a negative campaign to emerge as a serious contender in 2019.
congress had banked heavily on the cm, who looked to forge an ahinda coalition of minorities, backward classes and dalits and relied on his many welfare schemes.
but parts of the coalition failed in areas dominated by bjp and deve gowdas jd(s).
though congresss vote share was larger, bjp won with a higher strike rate.
siddaramaiahs policies, while populist, were also perceived to be selective and his wooing of muslim voters seems to have created a backlash that fed bjps hindutva appeal.
chennai: dmk president m karunanidhi may be indisposed due to age-related ailments and largely remained away from public glare for well over a year now.
but, that did not stop the enthusiastic dmk party cadres from thronging to his gopalapuram residence in chennai to greet him on sunday as he turned 94.
on his part, the nonagenarian dravidian leader too did not disappoint them, when he waved at them after being wheeled out to have a glimpse of the fanfare and beating of drums with which hundreds of his partymen were celebrating his birthday since morning by dancing and distributing sweets.
his son, political successor and party working president m k stalin was watching in awe the cadres love for their leader, even as a fleeting thought could have passed through his mind  on the enormity of filling his fathers shoes.
the scene was the same across the state, with enthusiastic dmk leaders and cadres celebrating his birthday with gusto, as if there was no tomorrow.
it was not just the dmk leaders and cadres who vied with others to greet him.
national leaders, cutting across parties, from prime minister narendra modi, congress president rahul gandhi and west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee as well as several regional party leaders joined in to convey their wishes to karunanidhi, considered to be the tallest regional party leader in the country at present.
a prolific writer, poet, thinker and orator, karunanidhi ji is one of indias seniormost political leaders .
may he be blessed with a long and healthy life, tweeted modi in his birthday wishes to karunanidhi.
i pray for his good health and happiness, always, said gandhi in his birthday greetings tweet to karunanidhi.
warmest birthday greetings to m karunanidhi ji.
i pray for your good health and happiness, tweeted mamatabanerjee banerjee.
in tamil nadu, leaders from various parties, including bjp leader and union minister of state pon radhakrishnan, tncc president s thirunavukkarasar, dmdk chief vijayakant and mdmk general secretary vaiko as well as aiadmk leader and tamil nadu fisheries minister d jayakumar and actor rajinikanth, were among scores of them who greeted karunanidhi on his birthday.
born on june 3, 1924, at thirukuvalai, now in nagapattinam district, karunanidhi has never lost an election.
he has been elected to the legislative assembly 13 times since 1957, with the latest victory coming in may 2016, when he was elected from tiruvarur.
while karunanidhi has not been active since a few months after winning that election, the dmk will be celebrating his birthday throughout this month.
kolkata: chief minister mamatabanerjee on sunday ordered a crackdown on trinamool congress men involved in an assault on the headmaster and teachers of jadavpur vidyapith, a move that drew all-round praise and sent the message that political affiliation wouldn't stand in the way of justice being served.
rupak chatterjee, a trinamool worker and close aide of ward no.
95 councillor tapan dasgupta, who had dragged headmaster rn mondal by his shirt collar during an ugly admissions row, was arrested and sent to jail till december 22.
taking the cue from the chief minister, trinamool general secretary and union minister mukul roy hinted other party leaders involved will also face disciplinary action.
dasgupta and ward no.
113 councillor anita kar mazumdar led a mob of around 70 people inside the school's campus on saturday, demanding that the vidyapith admit 100 students from the junior section to class v. they ransacked the headmaster's office and, besides assaulting teachers, also beat up some senior students.
i am with the step taken by the cm, roy said, adding, party workers should learn a lesson from this.
strong action will be taken against such elements in the party.
mamata's anger was reflected in the manner roy, and later trinamool mp sudip bandyopadhyay, warned the party ranks.
the police, which was at the scene during the fracas but did not intervene, was quick to act on sunday.
the chief minister herself remained closeted at home all day as she grieved the demise of her mother, but intervened after the incident drew all-round condemnation.
this story is from january 22, 2019representative imagemake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
new delhi: the election commission refuted an indian cyber experts claim on monday in london that evms were tampered with in the 2014 lok sabha poll, even as a political fight broke out with bjp claiming a defame india plot and questioned congress leader kapil sibals presence at the event.
the claims of us-based syed suja, who also claimed that death of senior bjp leader gopinath munde soon after the 2014 poll was a murder since he allegedly knew about the hacking, were dismissed by the ec which is considering legal action for public mischief by spreading rumours and forgery.
bjp alleged that the hacking horror show was organised by the congress and that the allegations in london were part of an effort to defame india and its electoral process.
union minister mukhtar abbas naqvi said sibals presence at the press conference in london was not a coincidence.
congress leaders rahul gandhi and sonia gandhi would have sent sibal as their postman.
congress avodied comment on the event but said since doubts about evms, even if uncorroborated, remain, there is no reason why the ec cant count 50  of vvpats to remove all misgivings.
that is our demand, congress spokesperson abhishek singhvi said.
congress said sibal was in london on a personal visit and was invited to attend the press conference.
the unsubstantiated claims of a poll fraud in 2014, allegedly with the help of a telecom firm, were made by suja at a press conference via skype, organised by indian journalists association (europe).
suja claimed to be a former employee of evm maker ecil and involved in design of the machines, though inquiries by ec revealed he was never a regular employee of ecil.
as to whether he was even on a contractual employment with ecil, facts are being verified by examining records since 2009.
suja went on claim that other than bjp, sp, bsp, aap and congress too are involved in evm rigging.
ec, meanwhile, is consulting legal experts whether criminal charges can be pressed against suja.
the possibilities being examined include invoking section 505 (statements causing public mischief) and section 463 of ipc (forgery) since suja purportedly falsely claimed having worked for ecil from 2009 to 2014.
a senior ec functionary said claims of evms having been hacked in the 2014 general election and other state polls were absurd.
he reiterated that evms are standalone machines with no wireless, internet or bluetooth external connectivity and has a one-time-programmable chip.
in an official statement, ec said evms were manufactured under very strict supervisory and security conditions.
there are rigorous standard operating procedures meticulously observed at all stages under the supervision of a committee of eminent technical experts constituted in 2010, it added.
the london presser comes days after an opposition show of strength in kolkata on saturday, at which evms were again questioned by many party leaders and led to the formation of a committee comprising sps akhilesh yadav, aaps arvind kejriwal, bsps satish c mishra and singhvi to raise faults with the ec.
suja, whose face was not clearly identifiable and his voice muffled, claimed he fled india in 2014 because he felt threatened in the country after the alleged killing of some of his team members.
he claimed a telecom firm had helped the bjp to get low-frequency signals to hack evms. he further claimed bjp would have won rajasthan, chhattisgarh and madhya pradesh elections if his team hadnt intercepted the partys attempts to hack transmissions in these states.
in a series of extarordinary claims, suja said munde was killed because he knew of evm hacking in 2014 general elections.
munde died in a road accident in new delhi weeks after the bjp was elected to power.
he then said journalist gauri lankesh had agreed to run the story on his expose on evm rigging, but was killed soon after.
he alleged that the nia officer investigating mundes death, tanzil ahmed, was planning to file an fir but was himself killed.
however, mundes death was probed by cbi, which ruled out any foul play.
soon after suja's press meet in london, west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee stated in a tweet that the opposition will take up shujas claims with ec.
this story is from february 6, 2019download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
vijayawada: chief minister n chandrababu naidu on tuesday hailed the verdict of the supreme court on the kolkata incident as a victory for the constitution, democracy and all constitutional bodies.
naidu went to kolkata on tuesday to express solidarity with his west bengal counterpart mamatabanerjee , who had launched a fast after the cbi attempted to question the kolkata police commissioner in connection with the chit-fund scam.
naidu persuaded mamatabanerjee to give up her fast.
the cm said non-bjp opposition parties will continue their fight against the modi-led government at the centre.
we will fight in delhi and take it to a logical conclusion.
we will meet on feb 13 or 14 for follow-up action  which could be either a dharna, agitation or public meeting, he said.
naidu said mamatabanerjee was fighting to save the constitution and federal structure.
they call everybody, all cms, political parties as corrupt.
only modi and amit shah are very clean!
suddenly shahs son acquires a company worth 16,000 times his assets and they dont disclose the rafale deal, he alleged.
she never said no to investigation, but only opposed victimization.
i never saw a pm like narendra modi and in future i will never see another, he remarked with a scorn.
this story is from january 8, 2019stranded passengers outside schooldownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
kolkata: arch rivals bjp and trinamool are on the same page when it comes to opposing a bandh call by trade unions.
we will support the government that discharges its responsibilities by opposing the bandh.
we want work culture, development.
we do not subscribe to negative politics, such as calling a bandh.
people do not support it.
the centre is opposed to bandh, so is the state, bengal bjp president dilip ghosh said on monday, four months after his party called a state-wide bandh in bengal to protest against the killing of two students at uttar dinajpurs islampur in police firing in september, 2018.
ghoshs comment, which came two days after he wished chief minister mamatabanerjee on her birthday on saturday, has raised eyebrows in political circles.
west bengal pradesh congress president somen mitra cited ghoshs anti-bandh comment to establish that bjp in bengal was playing the second fiddle to trinamool.
bjp and trinamool are on the same page on the bandh, called by left trade unions.
we have moral support for the bandh.
but look at trinamool and bjp.
they are serving each others cause, mitra said.
congress supporters read ghoshs comment with the hazra road developments on monday evening, when police arrested bjp mahila morcha state president locket chatterjee but gave ghosh a go-by.
ghosh was leading the mahila morcha rally to the cms kalighat residence.
left parties are determined to go ahead with the two-day bandh, beginning on january 8  aat noi, kaaj noi programme.
this time, bandh volunteers, including left leaders, will participate in picketing at various places in the city and districts.
left front chairman biman bose will picket at the shyambazar five-point crossing at 10am on tuesday.
cpm state secretary surjya kanta mishra will be at rajabazar at 9am.
cpm leaders sujan chakrabarty and rabin deb will be at jadavpur and hazra.
all party members have been asked to stay away from work and actively participate in the bandh.
cpm general secretary sitaram yechury said trade unions had been forced to call the bandh after the bjp-led government refused to address the burning issues of price rise, unemployment and distress in farming sector.
they are also opposed to the governments bid to polarise people on religious lines.
parliament is not in a position to address the issues due to the anomalous situation, where bjp has a majority in the lok sabha but in the rajya sabha.
the bjp is now pushing its hindutva agenda.
we are going for popular mobilisation to mount pressure on the government, yechury said.
chennai: vck leader thol thirumavalavan met congress president rahul gandhi and cpm general secretary sitaram yechury in new delhi on wednesday and expressed solidarity with the leaders.
the sudden move by the vck, a dmk ally, comes in the wake of a meeting of telangana chief minister k chandrashekar rao with dmk working president m k stalin in chennai on sunday to discuss a possible federal front of regional parties, opposed to the bjp.
i am afraid attempts are being made to sideline congress and build a third front that will pave way for bjp to return to power.
all secular forces should join hands to resist such a move, thirumavalavan told toi.
people like chandrasekhar rao and tmc leader mamatabanerjee are taking the effort to bring together regional parties.
the dmk leaders said they were surprised by the meeting.
c pm should take the lead in bringing together secular forces, in which congress is a part, said thirumavalavan after a meeting with yechury.
the dalit leader told rahul gandhi that his party would remain with the congress.
we are always anti-communal; we are with you, the vck leader is said to have told rahul.
the congress president welcomed the commitmentof thedalit party to remain anticommunal.
thirumavalavan, who was in the capital to attend the protests organized by a coalition of sc and st outfits, national resistance day, against the dilution of the stringent provisions of sc/st (prevention of atrocities) act, got immediate appointments with yechury and rahul.
the separate meetings with the leaders lasted for ten minutes each.
the third front, thirumavalavan said, was unnecessary as it would only split the votes.
the vck leader invited rahul gandhi to attendthe partys savethenation conference scheduled to be held in tamil nadu in june.
he requested the congress leader to fix a date of his convenience.
rahul agreed to come, thirumavalavan said.
reacting tothe meeting,dmkleader s duraimurugan said there was no talk about a third front.
we are married (dmk-congress alliance) for over ten years, he said.
cpm leader t k rangarajan said there should be a broad unity to defeat bjp at any cost.
the left, democratic and secular forces will decide.
the third front will take you nowhere, the rs mp said.
tncc president s thirunavukkarasar welcomedthevckleadersstatementthatonly congress under the leadership of rahul gandhi could lead the country and not a third front.
there cannot be a third front.
v p singh,ikgujralor hddevegowda.
.
.
nothird front leader could give a full five-year term.
rahul gandhi will become the next pm, he said,dismissing the prospectsof a thirdfront.
thecongressleader playeddown the meeting of rao and stalin as that of one between two political leaders, and not necessarily for alliance formation.
both said nothing against congress, thirunavukkarasar said.
vck was one of the constituents of peoples welfare front, an anti-aiadmk and anti-bjp alliance, for the 2016 tamil nadu assembly election.
left parties, vijayakanths dmdk andvaikosmdmkwere partof the alliance that was routed.
kolkata: cops probing a complaint of harassment by a kalighat resident who had opposed the bursting of crackers outside his home at the dead of night said such instances were very common after football and cricket matches, over which one should not make a fuss.
kolkata knight riders (kkr) had won their first match, and that is why people were celebrating by bursting crackers.
one should not make much fuss about it, said a senior officer of kalighat police station on tuesday.
but isnt the bursting of noise- making crackers illegal?
that is a different issue.
lets not go into that, was his reply.
even local mla sovandeb chattopadhyay said there was a need to adjust, and asked the complainant not to call up the cops over trivial issues.
at 12.
30am on monday, an hour after kkr had beaten royal challengers bangalore at the eden gardens, kaushik das, 42, a resident of ishwar ganguly road off sadananda road in kalighat, had called up the police station after at least two chocolate bombs were burst outside his house.
das was frantic because the crackers had woken up rudresh, his one-and-ahalf- year-old son, who was unwell.
das had not mentioned anyone in particular during his call to the police, but the cops came in and questioned some men who were watching tv in an adjacent trinamool office.
soon after, the men, led by jagannath shaw , allegedly visited dass house and threatened him for daring to call up the cops.
the next morning, das lodged a complaint naming shaw, saying he had led a group of people to his house and threatened him.
he even sent a letter to chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjees home and another letter to subrata bakshi, the national party secretary.
nothing has been done yet, he said on tuesday.
the cops told me they would take action, but nothing has been done.
i can see the persons still enjoying themselves at the party office, while we feel threatened at home, said das, who runs a business of supplying housekeeping staff.
toi visited the party office mentioned in the complaint on tuesday afternoon and found a bunch of people watching a movie.
jagannath shaw , named in the complaint, was also there.
we have settled it with the police.
the man himself is at fault.
some kids were bursting crackers and he made an issue out of it, shaw claimed.
when toi asked police why they hadnt arrested shaw even though he was still at the party office, the officer replied: we cannot arrest people for such an offence.
we have started an investigation and sent notices to the persons mentioned to appear before the police.
das said he had even called up local mla sovandeb chattopadhyay, but he had asked das not to call police over trivial issues.
nowadays, every household has chocolate bombs stored.
bombs were burst even outside my house after the match had ended.
would i call police and report every time that happens?
the neighbourhood and its mentality has changed over the years.
we now need to adjust ourselves to the changing situation, chattopadhyay said.
mamata mamatabanerjee with union home minister amit shah at the latter's north block office in new delhi.
new delhi: west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee met union home minister amit shah here on thursday and raised the issue of the nrc in assam.
after meeting shah at his north block office, the trinamool congress chief said many genuine indians were excluded from the nrc in assam and she requested the home minister to examine their cases as many of those excluded are bengali-speaking people, hindi-speaking, gorkhas and even assamese people.
she met prime minister narendra modi on wednesday and raised the issue of renaming the state.
banerjee also invited the prime minister to inaugurate a coal block in the state.
this story is from january 6, 2019bjp chief amit shahmake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
agartala: bjp is expecting to win 300 seats, including 21 from the northeast and 23 from west bengal , in the upcoming lok sabha elections, its national president amit shah said here on saturday while addressing a gathering of page observers (panna pramukhs).
criticising the proposed grand alliance of congress ahead of the general elections, shah later told reporters, na neta hain na niti hein sarkar banana toh dur ki baat hein.
(there is no leader, no ideology forming the government is a distant dream) for the so-called alliance.
today, bjp and its partners is in power in six states in northeast.
congress and the communists have been uprooted from the northeast because the modi government prioritized the core issues of the region in the last five years, he said.
he said against the recommendation of devolution of funds of rs 7,000 crore by the 14th finance commission, the modi government has given about rs 25,000 crore only to tripura in the last five years.
there are as many as 129 schemes and projects running successfully in the state, the bjp national president added.
without naming west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee , shah told the media later that people of bengal are fed up with the congress, communists and trinamool congress.
the law and order situation in bengal is getting worse and bjp has emerged as an alternative.
showering praises on the bjp-ipft government in tripura, shah said reconstruction work of the state has only begun now.
weve (state government) taken action against fake ration cards and pension claimers.
around 62,340 ration cards were cancelled to prevent unnecessary leakage of public funds.
weve taken stringent actions to control the rapid menace of alcohol in the state.
and in just a year, 34,000 ujjwala connections have been increased to 2.
34 lakh, which reflects our commitment towards development, he added.
this story is from november 26, 2018west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee (toi)make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
today is #constitutionday.
homage to dr b r ambedkar and all other members of the constituent assembly who gave shape to the holy book of our democracy - the constitution, mamatabanerjee said in a twitter post on monday.
we must do everything we can to protect the spirit of our constitution - sovereignty, socialism, secularity , democratic republic, justice, liberty, fraternity, and equality, she said in another tweet.
constitution day is celebrated the country on november 26 every year to commemorate the adoption of the constitution of india on november 26, 1949, the constituent assembly of india adopted the constitution of india which came into effect on january 26, 1950.
dr b r ambedkar is hailed as the prime architect of the constitution.
the centre, in 2015, declared november 26 as constitution day.
kolkata: with samajwadi party sending feelers that it is considering jaya bachchan as its rajya sabha nominee, trinamool congress indicated on monday that it would take some time to firm up its nominations.
trinamool has the numbers in bengal assembly to elect four rs members on its own, and has indicated that jaya  a three-time rajya sabha mp  may be one among them.
sp, however, isnt keen on jaya severing her decade-and-a-half long association with the party, sources indicated.
according to trinamool leaders privy to the development, the numbers are not stacking up for sp in uttar pradesh.
given bjps massive mandate (325 mlas), it is sure of winning eight of the 10 seats up for election.
sources said that in the up assembly, roughly 38 first preference votes are required to seal a candidates win.
sp on its own can elect only one.
the final candidate requires the opposition parties to coalesce together to elect a non-bjp candidate.
according to sources, the sp leadership has conveyed to trinamool that it is trying to accommodate jaya in the poll arithmetic.
in this backdrop, it has urged trinamool leadership not to hasten candidate declaration.
the trinamool camp has indicated that chief minister mamatabanerjee is likely to declare her candidates after the holi weekend.
according to the ec notification, the last day to file nominations for the march 23 polls is march 12.
trinamool congress leaders indicated that this gave them enough time to declare candidates.
new delhi: by now congress should know better.
but the upa lead player seems to have misread trinamool congress yet again as the ally launched a hard-hitting attack against the centre for undermining the mandate of state legislatures by making its lokayukta prescription mandatory.
trinamool's kalyan mamatabanerjee did not spare telecom minister kapil sibal, who had defended the government's formulation in declaring the lokpal bill's provisions dealing with lokayukta as a dangerous proposition as they were a gross interference in the affairs of the states.
banerjee rejected sibal's explanations, saying that the provisions of article 253 under which the lokayukta is mandated is clearly not voluntary.
the states can only choose the timing of when to form an ombudsman but the article is to give force to an international agreement by overriding a state law if necessary.
all that was needed if a model law that the states would be free to follow, the trinamool mp said, while averring that his leader mamatabanerjee was second to none in combating corruption.
the mp followed his critique by pointing out other infirmities like the pm and leader of opposition being on a panel to select the lokpal who theoretically could recommend action against them.
the extreme sensitivity of regional parties on the lokayukta provision should not have surprised the government as it is legacy of a collective memory the centre's rough and ready ways of dealing with states with unfriendly regimes being dismissed for the flimsiest of excuses.
with states often complaining about centre blocking their schemes, any suggestion of intervention raises hackles.
bjd leader bhartruhari mahtab along with tamil nadu rivals aiadmk and dmk slammed the procedure saying the bid to pin down the states was wrong and should be withdrawn.
dmk's t k s elangovan said his party did not support such a move and it was rare occasion on which aiadmk's thambi durai agreed.
new delhi/kolkata: bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee 's instruction to her party functionaries to return the cut money they had taken from beneficiaries against delivery of state government schemes may create confusion and trouble within the ranks, according to trinamool's birbhum mp satabdi roy.
didi (mamata banerjee) has taken steps and that's fine.
but there will be more chaos on returning 'cut money' because a person who has taken it directly is only the front man.
there are others who are behind the wings.
they have also taken their share.
so the money has to be returned according to this chain, roy said on thursday, sparking a controversy in trinamool circles.
the mp's fears came true within hours when a trinamool leader and a party councillor in sainthia, birbhum were mobbed by residents demanding return of cut money allegedly paid to the duo for houses under the pradhan mantri aawas yojana.
the demand for return of cut money had even led to a clash in birbhum's dubrajpur on wednesday.
wage labourers here alleged that a group of trinamool leaders took cut money from them for enlisting them in the 100-day job schedule.
as many as 50 people in sainthia demonstrated outside the house of krishna das claiming that they gave the money two years ago and she had taken it on behalf of councillor manas singha.
the villagers complained that rs 30,000 - 40,000 had been taken from each pmay beneficiary.
we came to claim the cut money from the trinamool leaders after mamatabanerjee directed the return of such sums.
however, krishna das left his home promising us that he would return our money within a week, said protestor jyotirmoy das.
the incidents, apparently, unfolded as satabdi roy had feared.
those who could not get the 'cut money' earlier, will nag those who took it to return the money.
there is chance of trouble.
didi should look into this, roy had said.
it should not be the case that those who were taking 1  or 2  of the total amount of schemes are reined in, but simultaneously shares of those who now take bigger amounts go up.
this will only sow confusion in the party, the birbhum mp had said.
kolkata: in its effort to expedite the drafting of proposed sports bill, the west bengal government on monday sought expert opinion from all quarters that would be discussed with chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjee.
in the first star-studded meeting of the sports council after it was revamped, a proposal was made to build an indoor stadium near rabindra sarobar which will be developed into a world class football facility as promised by the aiff.
however, the high profile member of the sports council, sourav ganguly, was conspicuous by his absence.
highlighting details of the meeting, sports minister madan mitra said, we have asked the respective sport faculties to give expert opinion on the sports bill.
after getting their views, a final draft will be ready for approval.
it will be done in seven days' time.
mitra stressed on the need for developing sports infrastructure in the state.
we want to develop an indoor facility at the rabindra saroboar after it's made a football stadium.
there are also plans to develop the barren land opposite itc sonar that can be used as training grounds for the big football clubs of the city.
on the state government's proposal to make sport compulsory in schools, mohun bagan managing director anjan mitra said, study will get hampered.
.
.
it will be taxing for the kids to study as well as play during the school periods.
mitra instead suggested the state government should devise a method that allows the kids to pursue their favourite sport and get a certificate.
olympians leslie claudius, vece paes, gurbux singh, chuni goswami among others took part in the meeting held at netaji indoor stadium.
bjpbjpbjpbjpbjpbjpbjpbjpbjpnew delhi: the total number ofmembers has reached near 18 crore, its highest ever, with the party set to add seven crore new entrants during its recent membership drive, its working president j p nadda said on thursday.
he said the drive, launched on july 6 and concluded on august 20, was successful and triumphantly noted that the ruling bharatiya janata party ) now had more members than the population of most countries.
only seven countries had more people than the total number ofmembers, nadda told a press conference here.
the saffron party had set a target of adding 2.
2 crore new members to its 11-crore membership reached in 2015, but surpassed the figure across the country, he said.
nadda said the party made 5,81,34,242 new members online and 62,34,967 offline, adding that the details of more membership were being collated.
when the process is over, it will reach seven crore, he said.
topleaders, including prime minister narendra modi and union ministers amit shah , rajnath singh and nitin gadkari , had launched the drive from varanasi, telangana, jaipur and nagpur respectively on july 6, the birth anniversary of party ideologue syama prasad mookerjee.
with the membership drive over, the party will start its organisational polls in september.
the elections of national council members will take place in december, followed by the election of the party's national president.
as shah is the union home minister now, there is a view within thethat he may make way for a new party chief.
nadda is seen as the likely choice for the top post, but he steered clear of the issue at the press conference, saying it will only be known during the organisational polls that who is chosen for the job.
theworking president said as many 1.
86 lakh vistarak, a term used for those deployed to spearhead a drive at the local level, steered the membership campaign for a week across the country.
he mentioned west bengal as among the states where the drive drew a massive response, saying the party had already made 80 lakh members there as against the target of 10 lakh.
we will make one crore members in west bengal.
a primary reason for this is people's disenchantment with the state government and they want to get rid of it, nadda said, targeting the trinamool congress (tmc) dispensation headed by chief minister mamatabanerjee in one booth in gujarat 's chudasama, everybody was enrolled asmembers, he said.
in the border constituency of karnah in kashmir, the party inducted 6,059 members, nadda said.
vice president shivraj singh chouhan , who headed the membership drive, claimed that muslims, who were seen to be generally indifferent to the saffron party, also responded favourably to the campaign.
following modi's call, nadda said 19.
66 lakh trees were planted during the drive.
the prime minister had asked the party members to undertake a green drive during the campaign.
to a question on the impact of the government's decision to nullify article 370 of the constitution on the party's membership drive, nadda said the development had an electrifying effect for theas such.
he, however, suggested that it had no direct link to the exercise due to the way the membership drive was structured.
the drive drew a uniform response through the entire period, nadda said.
this story is from november 2, 2018cm mamatabanerjee (file photo)download the times of india news app for latest citykolkata: chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjees dream to change the name of the state from west bengal to bangla moves an inch ahead as the ministry of home affairs has sought the external affairs ministrys opinion because of the similarity of the name with that of bangladesh.
sources in the state home department said mea would take up the matter with the neighbouring country and once the ministry gives its nod, the process of the name change will become easier.
we have sent the west bengal governments proposal to ministry of external affairs for their comment as the new name proposed is similar to the name of a neighbouring country.
once the mea clears the name, we can send it to the law department for the final approval, a mha official said.
the development comes more than a year after the state assembly unanimously passed the bill to change the states name from west bengal to bangla and sent it to the mha for approval.
the mamatabanerjee banerjee-led government started the process of changing the name of the state after it came to power in 2011.
but in 2011, the effort to rename west bengal as paschimbanga was rejected by the centre.
again in 2016, the proposal of changing the name of west bengal to bengal in english, bangla in bengali and bangal in hindi was rejected on the ground that a single state should have a single name.
this time, finally, the mha didnt object.
the state home department is jubilant about the development and is hopeful this time the state might get its new name.
previously the mha objected to the change of name and had sent the proposal back to the state but this is for the first time the department of states in mha that deals with the centre-state relations, has not objected and referred it to the mea, a senior home department official said.
kolkata: west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee hit out at meghalaya governor tathagata roy on thursday, saying his remarks about the east bengal football club were disrespectful.
roy had kicked up a controversy on tuesday when he asked east bengal supporters if they had ever wondered why they were with that club while being in west bengal.
east bengal athletic club (basically soccer) is celebrating its centenary.
has it struck its office-bearers or any of its supporters why they are supporting east bengal while sitting in west bengal?
he had asked.
we are proud of east bengal, mohun bagan and mohammedan sporting and their supporters, she said, adding that the people support the clubs with their lives and they do not tolerate the club being disrespected.
roy had clarified that what he meant was people were driven out of east bengal (now bangladesh ) because of our religion.
some people feel people from east bengal can only support the club.
she said these relationships were beyond all geographic boundaries.
just because i was born in this part of bengal, it does not mean that i am not east bengal.
or i cannot love east bengal.
this is disrespecting east bengal, the chief minister said.
the foundation day event on thursday saw a galaxy of stars, with india's two iconic former cricket captains, kapil dev and sourav ganguly, sharing the dais with football legends bhaichung bhutia and sunil chhetri.
kapil dev, india's first world cup-winning captain, received east bengal's highest honour, 'bharat gaurav'.
the centenary celebrations began on sunday with a big torch rally from their origin kumartuli park to the club lawns, and it will continue till next year.
banerjee said the west bengal government had plans to felicitate the club separately during the course of the celebrations.
the chief minister also said it was a proud moment for the state to host the 129th edition of the durand cup durand cup is starting from tomorrow and taking place for the first time in bengal.
i welcome all to go and watch, she added.
new delhi: central intelligence agencies have raised security concerns over settlement camps for illegal rohingya immigrants in south 24 parganas district of west bengal , alleging that these are on encroached state government land and will encourage afurther influx of illegals.
stating that the camps housing around 130 illegal rohingya have come up in hardaha, baruipur in south 24 parganas district bordering bangladesh despite the centres advisory asking states to identify such squatters for deportation, an officer said the settlement showed west bengal government was heedless in controlling or checking the illegal entry of rohingyas into indian territory.
establishment of camps near the border has serious security implications.
it is highly likely to further encourage and facilitate human trafficking/illegal entry of rohingyas into indian territory, an intelligence officer pointed out.
the officer claimed setting up of rohingya settlements had created a sense of unease in the local community in baruipur, which has been aggravated by enthusiasm exhibited by a section of the local leadership towards the illegal immigrants.
the camps, the central security agencies informed the home ministry, were erected with the help of kolkata-based ngo desh bachao somajik committee run by local resident hossain gazi, allegedly with financial support from a hyderabadbased charity.
the latter, which goes by the name salamah, is reported to have contributed rs 4 lakh to gazi for settling the rohingyas.
as per assessment of central security agencies, camps housing illegal migrants are thriving in the district due to the indulgent attitude of local leaders belonging to the ruling trinamool congress .
the location of camps on government land is a case in point, said an officer.
west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee has earlier made known her soft approach towards rohingyas.
we do support the united nations appeal to help the rohingya people, she had tweeted last year.
banerjee was also quoted as saying: let the government take steps against those who have terror links.
.
.
.
we need to distinguish between terrorists and commoners.
many of the settlers in baruipur camps reportedly hold unhcr refugee cards.
interestingly, the centre does not recognise the cards, maintaining that regulating entry or stay of foreigners is a countrys sovereign right.
last august, the home ministry issued an advisory to states to sensitise their law enforcement and intelligence agencies to take prompt steps for identifying the illegal migrants and initiating their deportation process.
according to last years estimates, around 40,000 rohingya muslims were illegally settled in india.
poor budgetary allocation +mamata said +hyderabad: a day after telangana cm k chandrasekhar rao tried to position himself nationally, mooting a peoples third front as an alternative to bjp and congress, he claimed on sunday that several political figures, including trinamool congress chief mamatabanerjee , supported him.
speaking at a rally at his camp office here, kcr said he had received calls from mamatabanerjee , former jharkhand cm hemant soren, six mps from maharashtra and jana sena chief pawan kalyan, seeking an alternative front.
telugu desam party, which had threatened to pull out of the nda overto andhra pradesh , lent indirect support to kcr, saying states were at a disadvantage in the current dispensation.
tdp spokesperson y v b rajendra prasad said the party was keeping an eye on the development.
we agree with kcr on this issue.
andhra pradesh is bearing the brunt of the crisis.
on saturday, trs president kcr had announced that he would play a key role in national politics to usher changes.
he also said he would meet various party leaders and was ready to lead the third front.
addressing party workers on sunday, kcr said, mamatabanerjee called me this afternoon and conveyed her support.
she agreed with me that there was a necessity for qualitative change in countrys politics.
she will work with me.
kcr launched an attack on the nda government, saying the centre should focus on foreign policy and leave governance to states.
we need cooperative federalism, where states get more powers.
subjects such as health, education, agriculture and urban development should be under the states.
the centre should deal with foreign policy, armed forces and national highways, he said.
kcr said soren had also expressed solidarity with him and welcomed his decision to play a key role in national politics.
also, six mps from maharashtra, several intellectuals expressed support to the chief minister.
pawan kalyan welcomed kcrs decision.
he said there was a need for a third front as regional parties play a key role at the centre.
kcr has the ability to lead the front and we would support it, he said.
kcr reiterated his decision to enter national politics with a clear mind and not with emotion.
when i launched the telangana movement, people had doubts about its result.
finally, our commitment paid off, he said.
kolkata: four decades ago, he may have left the shores of indian football with a whimper, as a man suffering and financially broken.
but even today, the charm of majid bishkar and the talk of his magical foot still give east bengal supporters in particular and indian football fans in general plenty of goosebumps.
since his departure in 1981, majid stayed in a secluded world, cutting all ties with east bengal and indian football.
the long wait for the man  who lived up to expectations during his two-season stint with indian football and whetted the public imagination with his magical skills the way very few foreigners had managed to conjure here  could be over now.
as east bengal step up their centenary celebration plans, the club could be reunited with the legendary iranian playmaker, now in his late 60s.
the club has already got in touch with the iranians agent and the former playmaker  who enchanted the maidan during his stint with the red-and-golds side in early 1980s  is learnt to have agreed to return to the city during the clubs centenary show , starting from august 1.
we have come to know about majids whereabouts in iran.
we have already made contact with his agent.
we are hopeful that well be able to see him again and he will grace our centenary programme as one of the most-awaited guests, senior east bengal official debabrata sarkar said on thursday.
with the club lining up several plans to make its 100th year a grand occasion, the officials have also decided to approach the supporters and seek more centenary-related suggestions in this regard.
we have decided to meet our supporters on every friday and seek suggestions from them so that we can celebrate the centenary in a grand manner.
we have also sought time for a meeting with chief minister mamatabanerjee with the intention of making her the chief patron of our centenary show, sarkar maintained.
sovan chatterjee.
chatterjee, a four-time tmc mla, had joined the bjp along with mamatabanerjee in delhi on august 14.
since joining the bjp, we are being regularly humiliated and insulted without any reason.
sovan chatterjee had taken a sabbatical from active politics.
it was i who played a key role in bringing him back and made him join the bjp, she told reporters here.
therefore, we have expressed our desire to leave the party.
if needed, we would send our resignation to the bjp leadership, mamatabanerjee added.
she did not elaborate on what exactly prompted the two to consider severing ties with the bjp, many of whose senior leaders were present when they switched over to the saffron fold at a function in the national capital.
chatterjee, once a trusted aide of trinamool congress (tmc) supremo and chief minister mamatabanerjee , however, is yet to make any public announcement on quitting the bjp.
the state bjp leadership declined to comment on the issue, and said it will have a dialogue with the two.
chatterjee was asked to step down both as a minister in the tmc government and as kolkata mayor by the chief minister in november last year, following troubles in his personal life.
the agitation of women from a particular community in front of the police station before the violence was enou.
.
.
read moredownload the times of india news app for latest citykolkata: bhatpara strongman and barrackpores bjp mp arjun singh is perhaps facing the toughest challenge in his political career.
this is the first time that singh has to operate against the state administration in north 24 parganas with kankinara as the epicentre.
but the month-long violence at a place only 43 kilometres from the state headquarters in kolkata defies the trinamool narrative of putting all the blame on the barrackpore mp.
peace-loving residents have started asking if arjun singh is on one side of the confrontation, who is on the other side.
for, things shouldnt have reached such a point despite the political change in the area.
singh took away with him most of the votes he had polled when he was with the trinamool.
he had polled 59,253 votes when he fought for the bhatpara assembly seat in 2016 on a trinamool ticket.
his son pawan polled 58,119 votes in the 2019 bhatpara assembly bypolls, showing that singhs support base remained more or less the same despite the change in his political loyalty.
however, with the shift, the tools of political domination started working: colours of party offices changed from green to saffron and the ranks who serve as cogs in the party machinery that thrives on proceeds from building material supply and commission from jute mill labourers shifted loyalty as well.
the barrackpore mp has a near monopoly in the coolie lines on one side of the ghoshpara road that provide the muscle power he needs.
some of these jute mill workers had shouted jai shri ram during chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjees visit to bhatpara in early june, and they are the ones who had blocked the station road area when trinamool seniors  jyotipriya mullick, nirmal ghosh, tapas ray and madan mitra had gone on a visit to the area on june 2.
during the last one month, arjun singh has tightened his grip on the civic bodies in the area.
his son is the bhatpara mla, his nephew saurav singh is bhatpara municipality chairman and his brother-in-law sunil singh is noapara mla and garulia municipality chairperson.
sunils son aditya singh had joined bjp earlier.
also, many trinamool councillors from bhatpara, kancharapara, naihati, halisahar and garulia civic bodies have joined the bjp.
the saffron surge in the citys backyard has made the ruling trinamool desperate to break the bjps rise in the barrackpore area that is helping bjp make forays into bordering nadia.
trinamool chief mamatabanerjee tried to halt bjps advance by consolidating other communities in the area.
taking the cue, police apparently went on an overdrive and conducted night raids in the locality, antagonising sections of the local population.
police are targeting bjp supporters in the area and slapping serious charges on them.
but they are not so keen on booking the culprits who killed bjp supporter chandan shaw after the lok sabha results, said state bjp general secretary sayantan basu.
trinamools north 24 parganas president and minister jyotipriya mullick accused the barrackpore mp of bringing revolvers from outside.
singhs men had opened fire on the 16-year-old, he said.
arjun singh, on the other hand, put the blame on the police.
he was killed in police firing.
the bullet hit him on the back of his head, he said.
the barrackpre mp charged the tmc of rallying anti-socials from outside with police help.
the agitation of women from a particular community in front of the police station before the violence was enough indication that things were turning for the worse.
realising the gravity of the situation, the government has clamped section 144 in the area.
the state bjp was quick to take up the kankinara police killing with their seniors in delhi.
we are sending a bjp delegation to the place.
we will send a report to the union home ministry, said bjp national general secretary kailash vijayvargiya.
tmcs tapas ray wanted parties to end violence and rise up to the clamour for peace.
the cm is trying her best to restore peace in the area.
the bjp, it seems, is in a haste to grab power in bengal.
the party is not ready to wait for the assembly polls, ray said.
mumbai: the price of diesel has gone up by rs 4.
84 per litre over the last three months, while petrol has become costlier by rs 5.
34 during the same period thanks to the daily revision petrol which costed rs 77.
87 per litre on january 2, will be sold for rs 81.
61 on april 2(today).
similarly, diesel which was sold for rs 63.
43 per litre on january 2 will cost a motorist rs 68.
89 on monday.
as part of the daily revision practice, the days price is announced the evening before.
the hike may slowly lead to an increase in prices of vegetables, groceries and other essential items, traders fear, especially since diesel is the fuel used by the transport industry.
our transporters who are an integral part of our supply chain will increase the rates and so delivery charges will go up.
this will, at the end of the year or so, reflect in food pricing, said a senior member of ahar, an association of over 8,000 bars and restaurants.
similarly, a vegetable trader at the mumbai apmc said the small rises are absorbed by the supply chain but eventually there might be some difference that can result in the overall rise in price of vegetables and groceries.
for instance, sumit bari, who owns pooja logistics in goregaon, has increased freight rates by 10  beginning april.
we transport plastic bottles and various types of powder.
diesel prices are a growing burden which we are forced to pass to our clients.
if we demand 10  they will give us 7-8 .
of course they will in turn relay the increase to consumers.
over the last nine months, diesel price has gone up by rs 7.
53 per litre and petrol by rs 8.
79 per litre.
consumers now describe daily revision as slow poisoning.
earlier, at least we could make out the rise but in this any major change becomes invisible, said a consumer refilling his suv at a petrol pump in south mumbai.
kedar chandak, a prominent petrol dealer, said that on average, the per barrel rate of crude had fallen to usd 65-70 now from usd 110 in 2014 but indian consumers are still being charged the same rates or more than what they were charged then.
this clearly means governments were not passing on the benefits to consumers and instead strengthening the government coffers, he said demanding introduction of gst for petrol to avoid tax on tax calculations.
the government may find it hard to deny this without inviting public ire ahead of crucial karnataka polls as it looks to seek another mandate from the people early next year.
on sunday, west bengal cm and trinamool chief mamatabanerjee lashed out at the centre for high fuel prices.
but reducing tax could upset the governments maths when it has just announced a massive stimulus package to revive the economy.
hyderabad: senior congress leader m veerappa moily has said that no decision has been taken on whether sonia gandhi would continue to occupy the position of upa chairperson or make way for new party president rahul gandhi moily acknowledged there are calls for her continuation in the position, but said rahul gandhi, who assumed charge as the congress president earlier this month, is also capable of holding the post.
rahul gandhi is also capable, the former union minister told pti yesterday.
the decision on the upa's chairmanship has not yet been taken and it is left to them (sonia gandhi and rahul gandhi), he said.
ever since sonia gandhi stepped down as the congress president, there was speculation whether rahul gandhi would assume charge of the upa chairperson or she would continue in the position.
asked if it would help if sonia gandhi continued to be the upa chairperson, moily declined to comment and said, ultimately, it's between them (sonia gandhi and rahul gandhi); they will have to take a call.
he said sonia gandhi has managed the party very well during her 19-year tenure as the congress president, adding that she has to continue to be active in providing advice and, while running the party by rahulji, she has to be behind him always.
she should continue to be a part of the decision- making process and her wise counsel should always prevail on the congress, the former chief minister of karnataka said.
on tmc leader derek o'brien's statement that west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee has the finest credentials to take on the bjp in 2019, moily said it's not an objective assessment.
he argued that ever since sonia gandhi became the party president and also the leader of the congress legislature party (clp), she has provided best leadership for the party and also the united progressive alliance (upa).
most of the coalition partners.
.
.
including the left.
.
.
tmc.
.
.
everybody joined.
that kind of leadership should be holistic, comprehensive and it should be inspiring, moily said.
that kind of inspiring leadership in the country.
.
.
inspiring coalition was done under the leadership of sonia gandhi, he said.
even now, she should continue to play that effective role.
that's why people say that she has to continue as the clp leader, the chairman of the coordination committee and also the coalition (upa), he further said.
on o'brien's remark that if the anti-bjp forces come together, they can defeat prime minister narendra modi in the 2019 elections, moily said it's possible.
it has been proved.
even the tmc was a part of our (congress-led upa) government, the left parties also supported.
.
.
even the sp, mayawati supported us.
there is a history.
the anti-bjp forces always united under the inspiring and dynamic leadership of sonia gandhi, he said.
the sp-bsp partnership +mayawati and the yadav outfit +new delhi: the success ofin defeating an invincible-looking bjp in up by-elections may trigger an inexorable move towards the politics of grand alliance  regional parties along with congress joining hands to thwart a common enemy.
not only was a partnership between dalit czarinaconsidered impossible, it was felt that even in the event of their joining hands, their mutually antagonistic support base would not consolidate behind a common candidate.
despite a terribly delayed announcement of support for sp, bsps success in ensuring transfer of its votes to the yadav platform has stunned political practitioners and observers alike, chief minister yogi adityanath included.
it is sure to send anti-bjp parties across states in search of alliances, especially for ls polls in which the modi factor will be pronounced.
the big suspense is about the position congress will have in any anti-bjp bloc, with murmurs about its acceptability as leader.
while sonia gandhi and rahul have both urged state-level rivals to rise above local interests and join hands in delhi politics, congresss own position will depend on how far it can re-establish itself as the pre-eminent political force  the stable core around which regional players can coalesce.
for that, it will have to win big in coming state polls like karnataka, mp, rajasthan, chhattisgarh.
the up experiment, though not sealed beyond the bypolls yet, reopens the issue in west bengal where congress and left have been seeking a partnership which is opposed by the prakash karat faction of cpm.
could pdp break its pact with bjp and join hands with national conference in the name of larger interest of their vote base  an idea floated by the nc after the assembly results.
bihar has a pact between rjd and congress with a new entrant in mahadalit leader jeetan ram manjhi.
jmm has already finalised a deal with congress in jharkhand while jvm chief babulal marandi too attended the dinner for opposition parties hosted by sonia on tuesday.
tamil nadu has a history of rainbow alliances but the entry of new players in rajinikanth and kamal haasan has thrown new imponderables in the mix, especially with rajinikanth seen as a likely bjp ally.
for political insiders, the big suspense is odisha.
with bjp announcing ambitious plans for the state, there are queries if a drastically weakened congress could persuade bjd for a tie-up.
the belief is the saffron party would pose a big challenge to naveen patnaik.
even before the idea of grand alliance takes shape, jostling has erupted for the leadership slot.
independent of congresss bid to stitch a bloc, tmc leader mamatabanerjee has sought to form a federal front by talking to regional parties.
however, there is a belief that despite signs of dissonance, the parallel attempts would culminate in a single front to take on the bjp.
this story is from january 18, 2019chief minister mamatabanerjee (file photo)download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
kolkata: calcutta university has decided to set up an integrated science & technology campus on the 5-acre plot allotted by chief minister mamatabanerjee in rajarhat .
the campus will start in a few years.
after the shift, several departments from nano technology campus in salt lake and both science campuses in rajabazar and ballygunge will be shifted.
we propose to initiate innovative research on the new land.
the campus will be solely dedicated to advance studies.
the decision to start new courses or other allied subjects of excellence will be decided by the respective deans of science and technology, said a senior cu officialthe dean of science said that 32 science departments at the university are currently spread across three campuses: rajabazar, ballygunge and salt lake.
the salt lake technology campus has eight more departments.
while all the departments are post graduate, the eight technology departments also offer integrated m.tech courses.
bringing all of them on a single campus will not only lead to better coordination between departmental and inter-disciplinary research, it will also be logitically simpler for teachers and students.
there can also be innovate research combining classes of science and technology.
the decision will also allow cu to introduce several new and modern courses in both science and technology streams.
we have got the land deed and construction has just commenced.
it will take some time to come up with the new campus, which will be our 15th, a university official said.
while the new campus will have state-of-the-art laboratories and other modern facilities, the existing campuses will be revamped once the departments shift out.
the university is yet to decide how the old facilities, some of them housed in heritage buildings, will be utilised.
facility upgrade is the main aim of the next campus.
a final call on which departments are to be shifted will be taken by the syndicate, the universitys highest decision making body.
this story is from october 24, 2018the march of the idols that lasted three hours was interspersed with short performances consistent with the th.
.
.
read moredownload the times of india news app for latest citykolkata: as the sun set over the hooghly on tuesday evening, kolkata brought the curtains down on durga puja festivities with the grand pujo carnival a procession of 75 pujas that rolled down red road accompanied by drumbeats and sound of conch shells.
dancers swayed to music and colourful pandal installations dazzled the 30,000-strong crowd.
the march of the idols that lasted three hours was interspersed with short performances consistent with the theme of each puja.
the carnival, sponsored by the state, signalled the conclusion of the festivities in style in the presence of chief minister mamatabanerjee and a host of celebrities and bureaucrats.
this years carnival was grander compared to earlier years.
even the guests were more in number, with over 30,000 attending the show and thousands watching it from the fringes.
the chief minister arrived at 4.
30pm to a warm reception from dhakis, guests and her colleagues in the cabinet.
for those who had lined up on red road for a glimpse of the idols and decorations, it was the final chance to soak in the colour, music and excitement of the festival.
threee hours later, they left satisfied and looking forward to next years encore.
the tableux and performances won over the guests.
sree bhumi sporting club opened the act with a ghoomar performance from padmavat.
seated inside a replica of a raj bari thakur dalan flanked by actors prasenjit and ranjit mullick on one side and her cabinet colleagues sashi panja and partha chatterjee on the other, mamatabanerjee observed each idol and performance, often breaking into applause.
just opposite sat guests from several consulates and foreign missions, and senior government officials.
ekdalia evergreen impressed the crowd with their simplicity, drawing applause from the chief minister.
behala natun dal wowed everybody with their theme of children with kids performing to the theme song composed by anupam roy.
ahiritola sarbajanin took everybody down memory lane to the era of landlines and doordarshan and gariahat hindustan club displayed their theme  mother.
it is exhilarating.
when i was a child we had to travel on all four days to cover the big pujas.
today we can see all 75 big pujas in one place on red road, said tapati roy, a homemaker from barasat gauranga sil had travelled all the way from malda to attend the spectacle with his granddaughter and daughter.
i reached two days ago and have been staying at a relatives house.
we had watched the carnival on tv earlier.
but this year, we wanted to see it live.
and it was breathtaking, he said.
tollygunge homemaker shampa majumdar was equally impressed.
i had been trying to get a pass for the last two years and this time i managed one.
i wanted my daughter to watch the carnival here since its not possible to see all the big pujas at pandals.
this was a great opportunity, she said.
all were, however, not as lucky.
hundreds who had made their way to red road without passes had to return disappointed.
the police had put up view-cutters to prevent crowding on the road.
still, many managed to peek through the barriers.
i stood on the road and watched the parade for two hours.
i had tried to get a pass but didnt get one.
but i didnt want to miss the show so i watched it from the road, said new barrackpore resident souvik acharya.
adhir ranjan chowdhurynew delhi: congress mp adhir ranjan chowdhury , a feisty leader from west bengal, came in for a bit of praise from prime minister narendra modi who called him a fighter after the all-party meeting here on sunday ahead of the start of the 17th lok sabha.
chowdhury, who is a strong detractor of west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee , was called by the prime minister at the end of the meeting which he had attended as one of the congress representatives.
modi, who was to leave the conference room, called choudhury and patted him on his back telling others, including congress leaders ghulam nabi azad and anand sharma, that he is a fighter.
reacting to modi's remark, chowdhury told ani, i greeted the prime minister.
he then patted me on the back and said before everyone that adhir is a fighter.
i felt happy.
i don't have any personal enmity with anyone.
we are people's representatives and they (bjp) are also people's representatives.
we will raise our voices, they will also do.
we are going to speak in parliament, not fight in a war.
chowdhury, who has been representing berhampore in west bengal since 1999, retained the seat in this year's lok sabha elections.
he had defeated tmc's apurba sarkar by over 80,000 votes.
amid a tug of war between the tmc and the bjp, which made deep inroads into the state, chowdhury is the lone congress mp from west bengal, which saw a spurt in political violence during the general elections.
although polls have ended, violence still continues to take place in the state, with both sides trading blame on each other.
kolkata: union minister smriti irani on tuesday hit out at west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee for her opposition to the nrc , saying that the bjp-led government at the centre is committed to protect the rights of each and every citizen of the country.
the illegal infiltrators will be dealt with as per law, she asserted.
no indian will be left out.
.
.
we are dedicated towards protecting the rights of the citizens of the country, the union minister said on nrc.
criticising mamatabanerjee for her opposition to the nrc, irani said, it proves the dichotomy on her stand on illegal immigrants.
the chief minister's opposition to policies of the central government are well known to the people, she said.
the belligerent stand taken by mamatabanerjee is preventing the people of the state from availing the benefits provided by the central government, that could have reached farmers, women and children.
establishment of industries have been stalled by the west bengal government.
.
the lok sabha election results in west bengal has shown that people of the state want change, irani said.
kolkata: the bovine brigade in bengal has been among the first to get uid numbers, long before modi government mooted the proposal of aadhaar card for cows.
the state has been carrying out a cow census through the paschim banga go-sampad bikash sanstha (pbgsbs) and providing identification numbers to each cow since 2014.
animal resources department minister swapan debnath on wednesday said in the assembly, we have been undertaking go-sampad abhijan (cow census) since 2014.
not only that, we have also started identifying each cow through a unique number.
earlier, congress mla abu taher asked whether the state government has received any notification on the aadhaar number of cows.
debnath in his reply said he had not got any such notification, but so far, we have tagged 31,08,509 cows.
paschim banga go-sampad sanstha has been carrying out cow census in the state every five years.
according to the 2012 cow census, there are 16.
5 million cows in bengal.
this year, a census will begin shortly.
last month, chief minister mamatabanerjee mocked at the modi government's move to introduce aadhaar for cows .
just see.
.
.
now cows need aadhar cards.
then what cards will be needed for children who need cow's milk?
she said.
but significantly , the state's cow identification process has an uncanny resemblance with the centre's programme.
as per the idea, every single cow and buffalo in the country and their family members will get a polyurethane tag containing a 12-digit unique identification number in the ear -all 88 million of them.
the unique id will contain details of the cattle's age, breed, sex, height, body colour, horn type, tail switch and special marks, according to the panel set up by the home ministry .
in case of milch cattle, it will also have the lactation profile.
the ambitious project will be concluded by the end of this year and will cost rs 148 crore.
debnath told toi on wednesday , our agenda is not discrimination.
our focus is on the huge vista of hope and aspiration to enhance milk production in our state with the mission to improve the qualitative and quantitative breed of bovine population.
pbgsbs has the vision to reach the doorstep of each farmer with best of the breeding inputs available, at the lowest cost and to improve the existing technology of breeding through extensive research and development in the fields of artificial insemination (ai) with strict quality control.
west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjeedownload the times of india news app for latest citykolkata: trinamool congress on tuesday lodged a police complaint against unknown persons for circulating a morphed image of chief minister mamatabanerjee in a bjp membership certificate in various social media handles suggesting she may have joined bjp.
trinamool congress secretary-general partha chatterjee said: are these people mad?
they are suggesting that the chief minister has joined bjp.
this is a deliberate ploy to confuse people and peddle with lies.
but that is what bjp does.
they are experts in misusing social media to spread lies.
as part of bjps ongoing membership drive, every person who intends to be a member is being urged to file an online application form with the requisite personal details, including a photograph.
once submitted, a one-time-password is being sent to the registered mobile number.
after the otp details are fed, the process is completed.
once that is done, a certificate (like one in the photograph) is mailed to the registered mail id.
state bjp president dilip ghosh found humour in this.
why would we offer her or even accept her membership?
we do not want her to be in our party, he said.
a lot of things go around in social media which are only of entertainment value, he said.
but trinamool isnt taking this lightly.
social media frauds and false statements by bjp leaders are plummeting new depths.
using social media and fake profiles, bjp is consistently trying to confuse people.
and this its height  even suggesting that the chief minister has joined bjp.
they are misusing technology to charade their half-truths and lies, chatterjee said.
new delhi: on a day trinamool congress chief mamatabanerjee met home minister amit shah , the enforcement directorate searched the premises of tmcs rajya sabha mp k d singh in a money laundering investigation against his company, alchemist infra realty ltd.the ed searches were carried out at the companys premises in delhi and chandigarh.
in january, the agency had attached assets worth over rs 239 crore of the alchemist group on alleged money laundering charges.
banerjee had met pm narendra modi on wednesday before calling on shah.
meanwhile, the cbi on thursday issued fresh summons to former kolkata police chief rajeev kumar to join investigation on friday.
hyderabad: chief minister k chandrasekhar rao is likely to take adecision on supporting the no- confidence motion being moved by telugu desam party( tdp ) and ysrcp in the parliament only after his meeting with west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjee.
sources close to the cm said that the demonstration by trs mps is likely to continue in the parliament on monday too.
cm kcr will meet mamatabanerjee between 4 and 5 pm in kolkata on monday.
it is only after this crucial meeting for formation of non-bjp and non-congress front at the national level that he would take a call on supporting the noconfidence motion, a source said.
the cm is likely to be accompanied by rajya sabha member k keshav rao, trs floor leader in lok sabha jitender reddy and chief advisor to the government rajiv sharma among others, in a special flight from begumpet airport on monday.
hyderabad: the chief ministers of two telugu states, k chandrasekhar rao of telangana and n chandrababu naidu of andhra pradesh, are among the regional parties leaders who have been invited by jd(s) leader hd kumaraswamy for his swearingin as the next chief minister of karnataka on may 23.
this also virtually takes forward by a leap a strong alternative for the bjp to take shape for the 2019 elections.
kumaraswamy announced, while speaking to the media in bengaluru after meeting karnataka governor vajubhai vala on saturday, that he invited several leaders from other states for his swearing-in ceremony.
west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee confirmed that she had been invited.
i spoke to kumaraswamy ji and congratulated him.
he invited me for the oath taking ceremony on monday, she said on twitter.
though kcr has been invited, it could not be ascertained if he would be attending the swearing-in.
sources said kcr could be inclined to attend as he had been optimistic and declared openly during his visit to bengaluru that kumaraswamy would most certainly become the chief minister of karnataka.
it is important to note that congress and jd(s) chose hyderabad to keep their flock safe from being poached by the yeddyurappa government which had to quit on saturday due to lack of support.
kcr had said this in the context of his attempts to bring together various regional parties with a single development agenda to take the country forward.
on april 13, he had gone to meet former pm deve gowda and kumaraswamy in bengaluru with that idea.
former cm of up and sp leader akhilesh yadav, whom kcr met in hyderabad, has also been invited.
bsp leader and ex-up cm mayawati was also invited.
malda: chief minister mamatabanerjee saw an uncanny connect between the slashing of interest rates in public savings funds, fixed deposits, provident fund and the piling up of bad debts in banks, the latest being the rs 11,500-crore pnb scam, to take on the narendra modi government at the centre.
people have faith in banks.
they park their hard earned money there.
how is it that banks are giving such huge loans to two or three people when they are denying loans to farmers and self-help groups?
those who are into this fraud are getting protection.
and the centre is trying to make up for the loot by reducing interest rates on savings of the common man, the cm said at a meeting at malda dsa stadium on tuesday.
banerjee demanded scrapping of the financial resolution and deposit insurance (frdi) bill that has bail-in provisions by which small depositors have to take a hit of banks losses.
the cm pointed to the centres silence over the pnb scam when the modi government has been after her partymen over their alleged involvement in chit fund scams or the narada expose.
the centre pressed all its investigating agencies, including ed and cbi, against some of our partymen who took donations for election fund.
and now those who looted public money are getting protection, the cm said.
with panchayat elections round the corner, mamatabanerjee did a comparison with the centres suspending fund support to ongoing schemes like asha, icds and sarva shiksha abhiyan.
she said bengal will continue the schemes with its own funds, apart from the schemes in health and education.
later, in the administrative meeting, the cm gave a piece of her mind over the inordinate delay in the completion of the nh34 bypass running through malda town.
she also asked the district administration to engage at least 50 people under mnregs and clean up the malda medical college compound that caters to patients from west bengal, neighbouring jharkhand and bihar and also some patients from bangladesh.
the cm also urged the migrant labourers to enrol themselves with the state labour department.
kolkata: after being sacked from the post of the tipu sultan mosque imam on wednesday, syed noor-ur rehman barkati said he will explore legal options.
the termination notice said that he would immediately seize to be the imam , said arif ahmed, chairman of prince gholam mohammad wakf estate, custodian of the 165-year-old mosque.
barkati has been given seven days to vacate the office.
if he fails to do so, they might lodge a complaint against him.
the former imam, who headed the mosque for 28 years, said that the committee had no right to sack him.
i have been the imam for 30 years.
the committee has been functioning only since 12 years.
it cannot sack me.
they conspired against me with the help of a section of the media.
i have to explore what legal step i could take, he told reporters.
he also indicated he will discuss the issue with chief minister mamatabanerjee the mosque's trustee board head, shahezada anwar ali , made it clear on tuesday that barkati was going to be sacked.
he is a blot on our community, ali had said.
he has done disservice to the nation and the community with his anti-national comments and we feel that he has no right to continue as an imam, shah said.
barkati also grabbed headlines in january when he issued a fatwa against the prime minister over the demonetisation decision.
this story is from february 16, 2019bablu santra,download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
tehatta/howrah: two bengal villages  one in howrahs bauria and the other in nadias tehattaon friday became microcosms of the nationwide outrage over thursdays killing of 40 crpf jawans at the hands of a jaish-e-muhammed suicide bomber in pulwama the grief-struck families of the two martyrs  sudip biswas, 27, of hanspukuria in tehatta, and bablu santra, 39, of chok kashipur in bauria  mourned and seethed with rage at the senseless killings of the jawans.
widowed at 32, an inconsolable mita santra said, our leaders hail men in uniform.
filmmakers highlight their sacrifice on screen.
but why is the government so indifferent towards security of jawans?
had security for the convoy been fool-proof, i wouldnt have been widowed at a young age, my daughter wouldnt have lost her father at six and my mother-in-law wouldnt have lost her son at 71.
cm mamatabanerjee spoke to santras 71-year-old mother bonomala devi and offered her all help.
sudip, who joined the crpf only five years ago, had spoken to his family over the phone on thursday itself, while santra last contacted his family from a crpf training centre in dharamsala on sunday.
he had told them that he would be reaching jammu on monday to rejoin his 35th battalion where he was a head constable.
santra had joined the force in 1999.
sudips brother-in-law samapta biswas said, around 9am on friday, i got a call from crpf in jammu.
the caller asked if sudip wore a ring.
when i said no, the caller asked if he had moles on his body.
i told him he did.
the line got cut.
soon, he called back to inform that sudip was died in the attack.
samapta said that sudips coffin will be flown to kolkata via delhi.
a crpf officer called around 3:15 pm on friday to inform me that the coffin was in jammu airport.
i think it will reach here on saturday morning, said samapta.
bablas brother kalyan was frantically trying to reach him after he heard about the attack.
ever since i heard of the attack on thursday evening, i was trying to call some of his colleagues whose numbers he had given me after i failed to reach him.
i finally managed to contact one of them around 3am and heard that they were searching for babla.
around 5pm, i got a call from jammu saying that his dismembered body had been found.
sudip, the lone earner in his family, last visited home in december.
babla too came in december for his 6-year-old daughter piyals birthday.
he had given his daughter a boys name.
he wanted to raise her like a boy and had wanted her to become a doctor and join the army when she grows up.
we, as a family, will try to fulfil that wish, said kalyan.
this story is from november 8, 2018former pm dr. manmohan singh's press statement on two years of demonetisation & the devastating impact it had & con https://t.
co/3cpcksvaqr  congress (@incindia) 1541654416000#darkday today is the second anniversary of #demonetisation disaster.
from the moment it was announced i said so.
r https://t.
co/zgvqirkpqd  mamatabanerjee (@mamataofficial) 1541640665000demonetisation and gst reflect long term vision of the government and its ability to undertake massive structural r https://t.
co/zs8wbe0xvf  subhash chandra garg (@secretarydea) 1541658155000make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
new delhi: two years after prime minister narendra modi introduced the demonetisation scheme, both the central government and the opposition highlighted the benefits and ills of the note-ban move.
while finance minister arun jaitley said that the scheme helped formalise the indian economy, former prime minister manmohan singh said that the scars of the ill-fated and ill-thought exercise are only getting more visible with time and the country is yet to understand the exercises full impact.
in a facebook blog , the finance minister said that the scheme helped the government target black money outside india and technology was used to facilitate the filing of returns and expanding the tax base.
asset holders were asked to bring this money back on payment of penal tax.
those who failed to do so are being prosecuted under the black money act.
details of all accounts and assets abroad which have reached the government resulted in action against the violators, he wrote.
on the other hand, former pm singh said the havoc of demonetisation is now evident to everyone.
the havoc that it unleashed on the indian economy and society is now evident to everyone.
notebandi impacted every single person, regardless of age, gender, religion, occupation or creed, singh said in a statement.
two years ago, on this day, prime minister narendra modi in a surprising move had declared rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes as non-legal and introduced new rs 500 and rs 2,000 notes.
the congress is observing the second anniversary as a 'black day' and several other opposition leaders have held pm modi's decision responsible for crippling the economy.
arguing in the defence of the exercise, the finance minister wrote that a major benefit of the demonetisation exercise was that it enabled the financial inclusion of the weaker section.
jan dhan accounts have resulted in most people being connected to the banking system, he added.
in his blog, jaitley also focussed on busting the misconceived argument that the exercise resulted in almost the entire cash money getting deposited in banks.
confiscation of currency was not an objective of demonetisation.
getting it into the formal economy and making the holders pay tax was the broader objective, he clarified.
the minister also underlined the effect demonetisation had on digitisation of the economy.
visa and mastercard are losing market share in india to indigenously developed payment system of upi and rupay card whose share have reached 65  of the payments done through debit and credit cards, the minister said as he quoted data showing spike in cashless transactions on indigenous mobile apps.
west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee too slammed the central government for cheating the nation with the note-ban scam.
calling it a dark day, mamatabanerjee tweeted: the government cheated our nation with this big #demonetisation scam.
it ruined the economy and the lives of millions.
people will punish those who did this.
the congress party had earlier announced that it will observe a 'black day' to mark the second anniversary of demonetisation.
last year, too, the congress and other opposition parties protested at various places across india against the central government's drive.
economic affairs secretary subhash chandra garg said demonetisation and gst reflect long-term vision of the government and its ability to undertake massive structural reforms, pti reported.
tax filers under both direct and indirect taxes are close to getting doubled.
digital payments have risen sharply and become common place.
fake notes are out, garg tweeted.
this story is from january 19, 2019download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
cpm general secretary seetharam yechury would hold discussions with leaders of like-minded political parties to work out modalities for a secular front in the state, said cpm state secretary k balakrishnan.
talking to reporters here on friday on the sidelines of veteran left leader jeevananthams 57th memorial day, he said yechury would visit the state on january 22 to unveil the statue of lenin in tirunelveli the next day, he will address a public meeting organized by viduthalai chiruthaigal katchi in trichy.
later, he will meet leaders of political parties, which would be part of the secular front to be formed in the state.
on the kodanad issue, balakrishnan said it was the aiadmk that was trying to divert attention from the accusations against chief minister edappadi palaniswami by attributing political motives.
the questions raised by opposition parties are legitimate and hence cm should resign and ensure a fair probe in the issue.
to a query on cpm participating in a rally organized by west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee , cpm politburo member g ramakrishnan, who was also present at the event, evaded a direct reply.
accusing the trinamool congress (tmc) of unleashing violence against workers of the left parties, he said they were against both the tmc and bjp in west bengal.
engineers are synonymous with diligence and determination.
human progress would be incomplete without their innovat https://t.
co/hgpwjteslc  narendra modi (@narendramodi) 1568516670000homage to famous engineer and bharat ratna recipient m visvesvaraya.
his birthday is celebrated as #engineersday .
https://t.
co/mtrzyo3nax  mamatabanerjee (@mamataofficial) 1568515260000new delhi: prime minister narendra modi hailed the contributions of engineers on the occasion of engineer's day, saying that human progress would be incomplete without their innovative zeal.
engineers are synonymous with diligence and determination.
human progress would be incomplete without their innovative zeal.
greetings on #engineersday and best wishes to all hardworking engineers.
tributes to the exemplary engineer sir m. visvesvaraya on his birth anniversary, the pm tweeted.
vice president m venkaiah naidu said visvesvaraya was a civil engineer par excellence, who harnessed india's water resources through dams.
he was a visionary.
the nation is ever grateful to his invaluable contribution, he said.
september 15 is observed as engineer's day in india to mark the birth anniversary of mokshagundam visvesvaraya who was an indian civil engineer and a statesman.
he was the chief engineer responsible for the construction of krishna raja sagara dam in north-west suburb of mysuru city and chief engineer of flood protection system for the city of hyderabad.
other than the pm and vice president, west begal chief minister mamatabanerjee too extended her wishes on the ocassion.
homage to famous engineer and bharat ratna recipient m visvesvaraya .
his birthday is celebrated as #engineersday .
my best wishes to all engineers on this day, she tweeted.
several other political leaders and leaders of the corporate world also wished the country on engineer's day.
kolkata: a day of fever-pitch behind-the-scene activity, after three days of indecision and inertia, culminated in the state election commission acquiescing to the bengal governments proposal for a single-day panchayat poll before the start of the fasting month of ramzan.
the sec on thursday announced that it was going ahead with voting on may 14, as proposed by the state government, and withdrawing its own initial schedule of a three-phase poll  on may 1, 3 and 5  that it had notified on march 31.
polling will be held from 7am to 5pm.
the government, officials said, effectively upstaged the sec and left it with little room to manoeuvre when it faxed a message at 3 pm on thursday, proposing to the sec the polling and counting dates, after waiting for three days from april 23, when the last nomination was filed.
in bengal, unlike in other states, the government  and not the sec  has the primacy over fixing polling dates and hours (under section 42 of the west bengal panchayat act, 1994) though the sec takes precedence in deciding counting dates.
the sec also went through several rounds of legal consultation and then veered towards going with the government because turning down the latters proposal might have sparked off a legal battle like in 2013, when then state election commissioner mira pande moved court, saying the sec did not have adequate forces to conduct polls.
but the sec differed with the state government on the day of counting and declaration of results.
the state government proposed may 16 as the date for counting of votes and declaration of results but the sec announced that this day could be kept for re-polls (wherever needed).
but it stopped short of notifying this; neither did it notify the date for counting of votes and declaration of results.
chief minister mamatabanerjee welcomed the secs notification.
we are happy.
people want elections in a democracy.
we want peaceful polls and appeal to political parties to maintain peace, the cm said.
but the secs agreeing to a single-day rural poll drew criticism from opposition parties and might hand them more ammo when they approach a calcutta high court division bench, which would be dissecting the secs plans for securing polling booths after may 4.
opposition parties say the state government does not have enough forces to secure the 58,467 booths in rural bengal.
the have cited the latest report submitted by the director-general of police to the sec, which shows that bengal has a 46,000-strong armed force and 12,000 lathi-wielding constables; the sum of this number falls short of the number of booths.
the sec should need at least five security personnel for every booth, the opposition has said.
an sec official admitted that the state would have to engage more security staff.
the sec, sensing the opposition mood and desperate to avoid another round of legal skirmish, will call a meeting of stakeholders, including parties, soon before drawing up the security plan.
we will go by the hc directive, sec secretary nilanjan sandilya said.
the 46,000-strong armed force includes directors-general to superintendents of police.
will ips officers man polling booths?
many polling booths will remain unmanned and this risks turning the rural polls into a farce, bjp state general secretary sayantan basu said.
former supreme court judge asok mamatabanerjee wondered how the commission could agree to a single-day poll.
cpm leader and lawyer bikash bhattacharya held that the commission was not serious about holding elections.
how can the state election commissioner hold rural polls in one day when he could not provide security to candidates during the nomination process at 341 block offices?
the commissioner is behaving like a state government officer.
we will draw the attention of the court, bhattacharya said.
the sec kept raising the security issue in discussions on phone with senior state government officials, officials said, and the government assured that it would make arrangements for adequate security.
efforts are on at nabanna to requisition armed forces from other states, if not central paramilitary forces.
but, for this, bengal will have to get the nod from the other states before the sec submits its security plans to the hc by may 4.
the sec cannot leave voters in the lurch.
it has a constituional responsibility and has to discharge it.
the hc asked it to redraw the poll schedule in consultation with political parties.
but it is behaving like a state government stooge, bengal congress president adhir chowdhury said.
kolkata: west bengal tops the list when it comes to crimes committed by foreigners , way ahead of national capital delhi and tourist hotspot goa, reveals latest data released by the national crime records bureau ncrb ).
in 2016, as many as 520 foreigners committed crimes in bengal, a figure that is three and a half times more than delhis, the second on the list.
bengal government officials maintain that a huge porous border and infiltration from bangladesh contribute significantly to the number of foreign criminals.
union home minister rajnath singh, during a meet-ing with chief ministers and home ministers of eastern states on december 7, had called for stricter vigilance and technology-based surveillance to plug border gaps.
even if 64 , or 332 bangladehis, are taken away from bengals figure, it surpasses delhi  with 143 foreign criminals  by quite a margin.
the ncrb report released in october also shows that karnataka, with 91 foreign criminals, comes third, followed closely by goa with 80.
tamil nadu is fifth with 64 foreign criminals.
though in 2014 bengals figure was a whopping 689 and it came down to 597 in 2015 and 520 in 2016, it is still far ahead than the rest of the country.
the figure corroborates with a report sent by dhaka to the home ministry in april last year, which noted a sudden spike in infiltration of bangladeshi extremists into west bengal in 2016 compared to 2015.
though the report didnt specify the exact number of infiltrators, it made an approximate estimate that as many as 2010 huji and jmb activists, including linkmen, have infiltrated into three bangladesh-bordering states.
of them, nearly 720 made a safe passage to india through the bengal border, the report said.
according to the state home department, 47  of the foreigners, mostly bangladeshis, were arrested because of illegal residence, closely followed by illegal immigration accounting for 23  of the crimes.
cheating and forgery cases made up 11 , while 7  were booked for peddling narcotics and drugs.
different cognizable offences like cyber crime, trafficking and cross-border smuggling accounted for the rest 12 .
apart from bangladeshis, the rest were from myanmar, nepal and nigeria.
the infiltration was apparent in the latest census figures, which show that the average population growth rate of bengal after every census is over 20 , and the figures are abnormally high in the districts bordering bangladesh, namely north dinajpur (34 ), north 24 parganas (31.
69 ), south 24 parganas (30.
24 ), nadia (29.
95 ), and murshidabad (28.
20 ).
in his meeting, singh said the central government will create a border protection grid or non-physical surveillance system to man 670km of the total 2,217km of indo-bangla border.
this non-physical border will comprise technological solutions of a networked combination of electronic gadgets like radar, day-night cameras and various types of sensors among others  all integrated in a command and control architecture.
chief minister mamatabanerjee has flagged the concerns in her several meetings in areas along the border.
they bring a lot of money with them and will try to lure you into doing all sorts of illegal activities.
they will pretend to be your friends and will cause a lot of harm, she has stressed.
this story is from november 22, 2018(from left) baisakhi mamatabanerjee , kolkata mayor sovan chatterjeer and his wife ratna chatterjeedownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
kolkata: beleaguered city mayor and trinamool leader sovan chatterjee , who resigned from the state cabinet on tuesday, worked overtime from home on wednesday, plotting and fighting simultaneous battles on two fronts - political and domestic - and appearing on a bengali news channel to accuse estranged wife ratna chatterjee of marital infidelity, financial impropriety and of engaging supari killers to annihilate his friend, baisakhi mamatabanerjee , and her daughter.
sovan's accusations on television were followed immediately by ratna's equally vehement denials (on the same channel), giving bengal a reality show-cum-soap opera unprecedented in its political history.
sovan dug his heels in on the political front, refusing to resign as kolkata's mayor and staying away from the kolkata municipal corporation headquarters, despite trinamool chief mamatabanerjee 's tuesday's directive asking him to put in his papers.
you will come to know about my stand in due course, sovan said on wednesday, delaying his party's efforts to redraw its organizational and legislative maps, all the time insisting that he had undiminished faith in banerjee's leadership.
on the domestic front, however, he was much more combative, shedding his months-long reticence.
in a no-holds-barred, aggressive interview from his southern avenue home, which ratna watched live on television at her parnasree residence, sovan said: while i was busy with politics, i found to my dismay that a company called gcr had been floated.
i asked my wife who chiku was and she told me he was abhijit ganguly.
my wife told me on my face that she was having an affair with him and i could seek a divorce if i wanted.
(gopal is ratna's brother's name.
) sovan also alluded to widespread rumours of his relationship with baishakhi mamatabanerjee , a university lecturer, and absolved her of any role in this episode.
kolkata: after a group of eminent citizens expressed concern at the number of religious identity-based hate crimes in a letter to prime minister narendra modi , west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee said on wednesday that whatever they stated was quite right and that she had been saying it for a long.
i have seen many a time what several speeches could not do, one song did more than that, the trinamool congress leader said.
i respect them.
i think whatever they have said is quite right.
the chief minister said she is a hindu but that does not mean that she would hate a christian.
i love all the religions, she said.
the chief minister said she has respect for every slogan, whether it is a religious one or not.
but at the same time, i believe that religion belongs to an individual while a festival is for everybody, she said.
everyone should respect another person's religion.
the eminent persons from various fields on tuesday wrote an open letter to the prime minister saying, the lynching of muslims dalits and other minorities must be stopped immediately.
the letter, written by 49 eminent personalities, including filmmakers shyam benegal and aparna sen as well as vocalist shubha mudgal and historian ramchandra guha, also noted that jai shri ram has been reduced to provocative war cry.
west bengal governor jagdeep dhankhar (l) and union minister of state babul supriyo sit inside a car after bei.
.
.
read morekolkata: west bengal governor jagdeep dhankar on friday justified his visit to jadavpur university to rescue union minister babul supriyo , saying he waited for sufficient time after speaking to chief minister mamatabanerjee and left for the institute after the situation did not show any change.
supriyo was on thursday heckled and gheraoed by a section of students at the university, where he had gone to attend a programme by akhil bharatiya vidyarthi parishad (abvp), prompting the governor to visit the institute with a huge police contingent.
state education minister and tmc secretary general partha chatterjee had claimed that dhankar visited the varsity without informing the government.
he accused the governor of adopting a partisan approach in blaming the west bengal government for the ruckus.
describing tmc secretary general partha chatterjee's statement as unfortunate, dhankar, who is also the chancellor of the university, said, obviously he (chatterjee) did not know of the developments between the governor and the dgp/cs as also the conversation with the cm.
the (tmc's) stand in the release is factually incorrect, he said.
he expressed relief that his visit to the university brought an end to the unwholesome situation, an official statement said.
before his visit to the university, the governor exhausted all possible avenues that could bring an end to the unsavoury spectacle by flagging the issue to the dgp and the chief secretary.
as a final step, he apprised the chief minister (who was in delhi) of the grave situation and the consequences it may entail.
there were many telephonic interactions between the two and he would not like to divulge the conversation between the two, except that he left for the place after sufficient time had elapsed and the situation did not show any change, the statement issued by raj bhavan said.
the governor also took serious note of the fact that vice chancellor suranjan das left the campus in the evening, even as the union minister of state for forest, environment and climate change remained gheraoed by the students.
he described the incident of students demonstrating in front of his car on the university campus as an failure on part of the state police.
it's an apparent failure of the state police administration in attending to the situations appropriately, the statement added.
dhankar had faced demonstrations by the agitators -- members of left-leaning organisations and the trinamool congress chhatra parishad - when he visited the campus, following the assault on the union minister.
he and supriyo, however, managed to leave the campus with police escort, even as the protest continued till late in the evening.
according to university sources, the vice-chancellor was admitted to a city hospital after he complained of headache, vertigo, palpitation and nausea.
kolkata: relatives of at least three senior trinamool congress leaders, including chief minister mamatabanerjee , have come out in support of the striking doctors in the last two days.
while banerjee's nephew abesh mamatabanerjee , a junior doctor at a private hospital, was seen leading a protest at nrs hospital on thursday, dr shabba hakim, kolkata mayor firhad hakim's daughter, took to facebook on wednesday night to say she was deeply ashamed at the inaction and the silence of our leader.
a self-proclaimed tmc supporter, dr shabba created a stir by posting a message on facebook in which she referred to violence at the nrs hospital, where junior doctors were beaten up earlier this week after a 75-year-old patient died of heart attack.
her facebook message read: .
.
.
.
please question the government as in why the police officers posted in government hospitals do little to nothing to protect doctors?
please question them that when 2 truckload of goon showed up why wasn't back up sent immediately?
please question why goons are still surrounding hospitals and beating up doctors?
similarly, baidyanath ghosh dastidar, mp kakoli ghosh dastidar's doctor son, vented his ire on facebook when he said it was unacceptable how 200 people could enter a government hospital and literally kill a 23-year-old doctor.
he also wondered why only five of the 200 accused persons were arrested so far.
he said he felt it was sickening that the brightest minds of our state sit in the open and demand protection against lynching, and it was reprehensible that some people were trying to colour doctors along political lines when they give their life to serving people.
however baidyanath edited his post later.
cm had refused to react to these comments, saying they were children.
unlike the cm's hardened stance on thursday at sskm hospital, party's secretary-general, partha chatterjee - also the state education minister - appealed to striking junior doctors to keep aside misunderstandings and withdraw their agitation.
in a facebook post, chatterjee said all their grievances could be solved through discussions with the government.
kolkata: the departments catering to rural bengal , particularly those with substantial scheduled caste, scheduled tribes and other minorities, couldn't spend more than an average 60  of the state plan budget.
the government move perhaps explains why the cm took the special initiative to reach out to haroa, sandeshkhali, gosaba, kanksa and mukutmanipur in the last few days with an eye on the upcoming panchayat polls.
the under-performers include departments - minority affairs and madrasa education, tribal development, sunderban affairs, animal resource, agricultural marketing, food and supplies, food processing and horticulture and tourism.
their names suggest they are all related to the development in the sunderbans, jangalmahal and overall rural bengal.
prodded by the cm, the finance department has asked 16 of the total 51 departments to send back their unutilised 40  amount adding up to around rs 2,300 crore.
the government will spend the money through departments - including panchayat and rural development, urban development and municipal affairs, power, health and family welfare, women and child development, public works, public health engineering .
of them, at least four departments - public works, panchayat and rural development, health and family welfare and north bengal - have spent 100  of the the plan allocation.
the cm wants to allocate the unutilised amount to these departments to speed up work with focus on roads and piped water supply in these areas ahead of the rural polls.
banerjee isn't leaving the monitoring to the departmental heads or the political representatives from the areas.
she assured the mukutmanipur residents on thursday that she would visit again in february.
tourism department, one of the under-performers, is a problem in itself.
the department lies under the cm with minister of state indranil sen.
state home secretary atri bhattacharya is also the tourism secretary.
the cm wants to give a push to tourism, particularly in jangalmahal.
we are planning to boost home tourism in the mukutmanipur-bishnupur-sushunia circuit.
now that peace has returned in the area, the government will encourage locals to introduce home tourism as it will add to the family's income, the cm said on thursday.
the cm's tour to these places is seen as a bid to offset the bjp campaign among the adivasis and people in the sunderbans that most of the welfare and development schemes running in these areas are central government schemes.
in reply to the campaign, mamatabanerjee pointed out that while the centre has stopped its fund support for old-age and widow pension, her government has allotted rs 258 crore to keep the scheme going on.
kolkata: a nine-member special investigation team (sit) headed by a deputy sp was formed on sunday to investigate the carcass meat supply racket.
the state enforcement branch has also started its own probe.
the four-day-long investigation has thrown up a a long chain of suspects and a number of vexing questions.
police said bishu, the owner of the cold storage inside the ice factory at rajabazar  who allegedly leased it from another person  holds the key to identifying the places where the carcass meat was sent in the past five years.
we are engaging several teams in greater kolkata and outside the state, said sp (diamond harbour division) koteshwar rao .
raids are being conducted to nab others involved in the incident.
we have also alerted all our officers throughout the district to be alert and nab those selling illegal meat or transporting them, rao said.
police suspect there could be five other major players, besides the 10 arrested, who acted as linkmen for this group.
unless we establish the chain, it will be difficult to find the extent of this organized racket, an officer said.
police said the accused maintained diaries to keep accounts.
but these were missing from the rajabazar storage.
similarly, the khadi facility where carcass meat was cut up also was abandoned after carefully removing evidence.
this shows that more brains were behind the racket, claimed sources.
state consumer affairs minister sadhan pande said he will submit a detailed report on this matter to chief minister mamatabanerjee the topic has created so much furore that residents of purple town area on sunday stopped a man carrying seven bags of meat  suspecting it to be carcass or meat soaked in formalin  and handed him over to police.
he was let go when the meat was found to be freshly cut chicken.
kolkata: saoli mitra on sunday ruled out all possibilities of her returning as the chairperson of the paschimbanga bangla akademi.
i am finally cutting off all possibilities of my returning to the chair of paschim banga akademi, said the actor-director.
in december last year, mitra had sent a letter to chief minister mamatabanerjee asking to be relieved off her duties.
inability to function in the absence of proper infrastructure had forced her to tender her resignation from the assignment that she took on in 2012 at the cms request.
mitra had publicly announced her decision to resign in january this year.
before matters could get awkward, state education minister partha chatterjee had intervened and assured mitra that all her hurdles would be removed.
in march this year, i called partha up again and spoke about the issue.
i had also forwarded him a copy of my letter to the cm.
partha said he had instructed principal secretary of information and cultural affairs  vivek kumar  to do the needful.
the next day, kumar called me up.
he insisted i was needed and also mentioned about the high standard of work the akademi has been doing recently.
i reminded him i was facing infrastructural problems there and asked what was being done to improve the working conditions.
i wanted him to give an official response on the issue.
but till now, i didnt get any official communication on this, mitra said.
kumar did not respond to tois call on sunday.
mitra also mentioned plans to come up with collection of works on michael madhusudan dutt and bibhutibhushan bandyopadhyay .
there are 17 volumes of works on tagore.
we have material to come up with some more volumes.
not everyone can do this kind of work.
we took a lot of pain to come up with six volumes on bankim chandra .
we need good researchers who are specialised to work on tagore, michael and bibhutibhushan, she said.
acute absence of good proofreaders is hampering the akademis work.
there are people recruited as proofreaders during the left front regime.
but with my experience, i cant say they are good.
there is a post for assistant editor.
but no one has been recruited there.
also, efficient people who can work as research assistants and researchers are required.
those helping us are doing so voluntarily.
i wanted things to be more streamlined so that the work gets done properly, she said.
mitra is peeved that despite sending repeated letters, there has been complete silence.
enough is enough.
this is humiliating for me.
i have reached an age where i dont need to take all this.
i have waited long enough and am firm in my decision, she said.
on being asked if there is any room for reconsideration if the cm intervenes, she said she didnt want to answer it till such a situation arises.
this story is from november 8, 2018cpm leader sitaram yechurydownload the times of india news app for latest citykolkata: a peek into a bajrang dal training workshop held recently in hooghly shows the bid by right-wing forces to change the political lingo in west bengal, where livelihood issues have always been the major plank of politicians.
participants in the workshop joined a chorus that calls for the rise of hindus who can drive away mullah and kajis and can also bring about a change in government.
 jagoto ekbar hindu jagoto.
.
.
maar bhagaye sab mulla kaji.
.
.
palat gaye sarkar/ jagoto ekbar hindu jagoto, goes the chorus.
such messages, from majority and minority community leaders alike, are nothing new in west bengal.
the difference this time is that these messages are having public traction in parts of the state.
while the ruling trinamool blames bjp for trying for religious polarisation, the bengal bjp accuses trinamool chief mamatabanerjee of bringing in language-based polarisation in bengal taking the infiltrators on board.
political leaders will be slogging out for the coming two months on this issue ahead of 2019 lok sabha polls.
the left, with its limited strength, has also planned a series of ground-level programmes against the bjp offensive starting december 6 (the day babri masjid was pulled down).
as part of the hindu 'jagran' drive, vishwa hindu parishad (vhp) is organising dharma sammelans in each of bengal's 42 lok sabha constituencies for the entire november-december phase till bjp takes out ratha yatras from december 3.
construction of ram mandir, identifying the infiltrators including rohingyas, are among the sammelan agenda.
our purpose is to sensitise like-minded people.
we will be undertaking similar programmes during gita jayanti on november 18, said vhp's state media spokesperson sourish mukherjee.
riding on the month-long campaign by vhp and bajrang dal, bjp will go for a massive campaign during the ratha yatra in december for the citizenship amendment bill, 2016 with an eye particularly on hindu migrants from bangladesh who came to india without papers after the 1971 cut-off date.
bjp's refugee cell leader mohit ray claimed his party was getting positive response among the matuas, who had gone with the ruling trinamool till the other day.
the citizenship amendment bill, 2016 seeks to give natural citizenship to non-muslims compelled to come to india from bangladesh, pakistan and afghanistan.
the matuas have been demanding the same.
we are holding meetings among matuas.
(matua leader) santanu thakur is closely working with us, ray said.
the party, however, isn't going to get a free hand in the state.
chief minister mamatabanerjee has already decided to set up a matua welfare board and will be visiting matuadom at thakurbari in north 24 parganas on november 15.
banerjee will announce her party's strategy for the lok sabha polls the next day at an organisation meet scheduled at netaji indoor stadium.
in the meantime, trinamool seniors are fanning out to districts to prepare for the party rally at brigade parade grounds in early january with an aim to turn it into an anti-bjp conclave, said trinamool secretary general partha chatterjee.
cpm and the left, opposed to both bjp and trinamool, are trying to bring bengal's political narrative back to the livelihood agenda.
we are reaching out to our support bases in the districts and trying to maximise the mobilisation against bjp.
the party has failed on all fronts.
we will go for a showdown for two days on january 8-9 in support of the two-day nationwide strike called by trade unions.
this time our slogan is 'seize bengal' for two days, said cpm state secretary surjya kanta mishra .
the left, he added, would also organise a brigade rally ahead of the lok sabha polls.
this story is from january 1, 2019the crowd at last year's book fair.
download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
kolkata: book lovers in the city would have been in for an unusual treat this year but for two rallies at the brigade grounds.
the international kolkata book fair , one of the most awaited annual events, was slated to start at least 11 days before schedule, as was announced at the close of the fair last february.
however, the organizers were forced to change plans after they learnt about the rallies.
according to announcements made last year, the fair was to start on january 19, 2019, to accommodate a longstanding request by book lovers to include january 23 and 26 in the fair days.
the two holidays would have allowed for some extensive book browsing and buying.
the organisers, the publishers and booksellers guild, had sought permission from the international publishers forum  to which it is affiliated  and had received the green light.
much after we announced this, we got to know that there would be a rally at the brigade grounds on january 19, which chief minister mamatabanerjee would address.
since she is also the book fairs chief patron and inaugurates it every year, we realised we couldnt start the fair on january 19, said tridib chatterjee, general secretary of the guild.
the idea of including the holidays came after many had complained that commuting to salt lakes central park  where the fair has been shifted  was difficult.
the guild discussed the idea of starting the fair on january 25, like last year, so that visitors could take advantage of the holiday on republic day.
however, this idea, too, had to be discarded because a bjp-led rally has been planned at the brigade on january 25, which could affect commuters.
so we have gone back to our tradition of starting the fair on the last wednesday of the first month, which is january 30 this year, chatterjee said.
file photo of mukul roykolkata: a city court on monday issued an arrest warrant against bjp leader mukul roy in connection with a cash recovery of rs 19 lakh from a person in burrabazar area last year.
the additional chief metropolitan magistrate, kolkata, issued the warrant against roy on a prayer by the burrabazar police station, alleging non-cooperation on his part in investigation into the case.
investigating officers had served roy with a notice earlier this year to appear at the police station for interrogation in connection with the recovery, his lawyer subhasish dasgupta said.
dasgupta said a petition by the bjp leader challenging the notice is already pending before the delhi high court.
as such, the warrant was issued despite pendancy of the petition mentioned before a bench of the delhi high court, and it is likely to be taken up by an appropriate bench on tuesday, he said.
roy alleged that monday's development was politically motivated, and that chief minister mamatabanerjee wants him arrested in order to thwart bjp's organisational activities in the state.
this is a politically motivated move.
banerjee has targeted me and ( barrackpore bjp mp) arjun singh , as she knows that if we are removed (arrested), the organisational activities of the bjp in bengal can be affected, roy told .
dasgupta also claimed that roy has turned 65 and he can be questioned at his place of residence or at the police station under which his residence is located.
he added that the saffron party leader is willing to assist the investigation as and when required.
the case pertains to the recovery of rs 19 lakh from a person in burrabazar area on july 31, 2018, leading to his arrest along with a few others.
roy's phone number allegedly featured in one of the arrested person's call list.
kolkata: activists swung into action on friday following toi's report on the encroachment of collector bheri, a 43-bigha waterbody in chowbagha mouja of ward no.
108 in south 24-parganas, shooting off letters, launching a signature campaign and contemplating legal action.
environmentalist bonani kakkar, who had launched a campaign to check encroachment of wetlands two decades ago, wrote to the state chief secretary, kolkata police commissioner and south 24-parganas district magistrate, demanding urging for immediate action against the culprits.
i have requested chief secretary samar ghosh to convene a meeting of the east kolkata wetlands at the earliest to discuss the grave matter, said kakkar.
ghosh is the chairman of the ekw management authority, a body that was set up to protect and preserve the wetlands following its listing as a ramsar site.
kakkar had visited rushed to the spot seven months ago when there was an attempt to dump earth in the lake located next to heritage school.
though the land sharks lay low for a while, they launched a major drive to drain the lake a month ago.
this is a crime and 'criminals' should be taught a lesson, she said.
green crusader subhas dutta, who has successfully used the pil route to stop encroachment in the past, is considering legal action.
i will be going to the site to check it out in person on saturday or sundayif the administration sits on the case and fails to act, i will take the matter to court, he said, adding that it was time to stop rampant encroachment of wetlands.
this is so shocking.
it has happened so many times in the past.
the same old practice of turning geography into history by cutting trees or filling water bodies.
unless exemplary measures are taken, we will lose all waterbodies and greenery in the near future, he said.
scientist ak ghosh has begun a signature drive to whip up support against encroachment of wetlands with particular reference to the blatant conversion at collector bheri.
the campaign will lead to an appeal to chief minister mamatabanerjee , urging her to step in decisively and save the rampant destruction of wetlands, ghosh said.
condemnation on the lack of administrative action despite stop-work notice and fir by east kolkata wetlands management authority (custodians of wetlands) has been swift.
ecologist and wetland expert dhrubajyoti ghosh, who was instrumental in listing of the wetland under ramsar, called for decisive action against the culprits.
no water body can be filled up without requisite approval from government departments.
and if it is in the ekw area, it cannot be touched, he clarified.
kalyan rudra, a river expert, was also shocked stunned to learn about how the massive waterbody had been blatantly encroached upon despite a police case by a statutory authority.
this is grossly illegal and should be immediately stopped, he added.
ornithologist sumit sen said that loss of the wetland would affect migratory birds and other species of fauna that depend on marshlands for survival for survivaleven otherwise, wetlands have an ecosystem of their own that will get destroyed once it the wetland is encroached upon, he added.
kolkata: the bengal bjp brigade took to the state's militant culture to match the left aggression on the streets in a bid to emerge as a key player in state politics.
bjp activists on thursday tasted the state's ire and went on a counter-offensive against the police, sending out signals that they were no outsiders to the state's political narrative.
bjp heavyweights led the rallies from three main points of the city and later broke into several small groups to reach out to the state police headquarters at lalbazar.
some of the activists allegedly lobbed bombs at the police and vented their anger by setting police jeeps on fire, prompting chief minister mamatabanerjee to react from new delhi.
the bjp showdown on the city streets far outpaced its representation in the assembly compared to the other opposition parties -left and congress.
later in the evening, state bjp leader shamik bhattacharya gave a twist to the tale by calling the attack on bjp activists a joint exercise by police and the ruling party .
we are dismayed with the manner the ruling trinamool tried to stifle the dissenting voice.
we have no problems with the police deploying water cannons, bursting tear gas shells or taking to lathicharge to diffuse the agitating mob.
what is new is that at several points in the city such as phears lane the police followed a section of `peace loving' people with stones and rods in their hands.
they didn't hesitate to attack bjp supporters taking first aid at our party office, bhattacharya said.
a bjp delegation also called on west bengal governor keshari nath tripathi and demanded a judicial inquiry into the police excess.
senior leaders arrested refused bail and will be produced in court on friday after spending a night in lock-up.
the purpose of the violent showdown became all too apparent when bjp leaders after courting arrest ferreted out a list of the injured to match the left's number of victims.
 a total 134 of our supporters have registered themselves for treatment at the medical college and hospital.
two among the injured had to be shifted to sskm hospital with critical injuries.
the worst part is the unprovoked attack on women, bhattacharya said while senior bjp leaders rahul sinha, rupa ganguly and locket chatterjee nursed their injuries.
state bjp president dilip ghosh and the party's bengal minder kailash vijayvargiya also courted arrest.
unlike earlier when bjp was known in the city as the party of traders, activists from all over bengal played cat and mouse with the police trying to reach lalbazar at least thrice in the day .
their smart moves kept the police brass busy making changes to their deployment pattern.
senior policemen apprehensive of flash-strikes started a search operation on vehicles coming to the state secretariat at nabanna.
bjp is now taking the cpm route.
cpm did the other day and now it is bjp .
see (showing video grabs in the phone) all the police jeeps are burning .
.
.
all the government properties are burning.
is this a democratic movement?
it is a movement of either harmads or `unmads' (insane).
a democratic movement is organised with people.
they are putting fire .
.
.
they are beating up women .
.
.
they didn't spare even women cops, chief minister mamatabanerjee said.
taking the cue, joint cp (headquarters).
supratim sarkar said: a vehicle belonging to an oc was set on fire.
damages were carried out at the central metro station.
in all, we will be filing four separate cases at burrabazar, hare street, bowbazar and jorasanko.
we will decide how many will be slapped non-bailable charges out of the total 141 detained.
this story is from january 29, 2019download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
kolkata: west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee lashed out at the centre on monday, accusing it of invading privacy by recording conversations of judges, journalists, businessmen and couples, while creating a reign of terror in the name of national register of citizens (nrc).
people of my generation and older ones have a problem with birth certificates.
many do not have them.
now, nrc is saying people without birth certificates will be declared non-resident.
they have their own theory of citizenship, wh-ich leads to no-mans land.
perhaps they think we will wait for their citizenship.
we live in an independent country and will protest.
we want mental peace and my appeal is to ens-ure gabbar does not return.
they will have to face the peoples court, she said at a spo-rts department programme.
banerjee added: some people were trying to target the bengalis by saying they would drive out some people from bengal.
we would rather eat half a bread and continue to live together instead of driving out anyone.
we are all indian citizens.
there is no need to prove our citizenship for a second time.
we are all voters here and have bank accounts and have studied here, so who can stop us from residing in india?
not knowing the date of birth of ones mother or not having a birth certifiate does not mean you can drive them away.
india is facing a crisis as democratic rights and property rights are being curbed.
data related to bank accounts, mobile phones and computers are no longer a secret.
banerjee also announced financial support to sports training centres.
this year, 221 centres will get rs 1 lakh to groom sportspersons.
cheques of rs 2 lakh each have already been given to 4,300 clubs this year.
according to their audit reports, 24,000 clubs have so far received rs 5 lakh  rs 2 lakh in initial aid and rs 1 lakh for the next three years.
sponsors were not stepping forward due to fear of interrogation by agencies.
moreover, industries are in the doldrums due to demonetisation and gst, she said.
agency official are asked to be vindictive against political parties.
cbi filed a new chargesheet in the p chidambaram case.
i am sure it will not stand in court as the court will hear it without bias.
they are targeting politicians, journalists and industrialists.
cbis credibility is at stake.
they will not be in power tomorrow, but are still trying to control the judiciary, agencies and media.
they are even attempting to change the countrys history.
when people convey birthday greetings, i say it is not my original birthday.
ma told i was born on astami during durga puja.
going by official records, i am older than my elder brother by six months.
our birthdates were not properly maintained.
when my father took my elder brother for school admission, the teacher filled up his birthday (details).
thus dada became younger.
i faced a problem while applying for a uk visa as i failed to give the date of birth of my mother.
kolkata: west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on tuesday met prime minister narendra modi 's wife at the city airport before boarding her flight to new delhi and they exchanged pleasantries.
jashodaben was leaving the city after a two-day visit to dhanbad in neighbouring jharkhand, a source close to the chief minister said.
it was a chance meeting and they exchanged greetings.
the chief minister also gifted her a sari, the source said.
banerjee is scheduled to meet the prime minister on wednesday in new delhi, during which she would highlight various issues like funds that are due to the state.
jashodaben had on monday offered puja at kalyaneswari temple at asansol in paschim barddhaman district of west bengal.
asansol is around 68 kilometres from dhanbad.
mamata mamatabanerjee (file photo)1.
1 the west bengal government has issued a circular whereby it has directed the school authorities where 70   or m https://t.
co/kq1vopygfl  dilip ghosh (@dilipghoshbjp) 1561651284000kolkata: a row erupted over the west bengal government 's directive for construction of dining rooms for mid-day meals in state-run schools having more than 70 per cent minority students, with the bjp and other opposition parties accusing the trinamool congress of creating a communal divide in the state.
however, senior tmc leader and minister of state for minority affairs, giasuddin mollah dismissed the allegations as baseless and defended the decision by saying the ongoing project will benefit all students.
west bengal bjp president dilip ghosh uploaded on twitter a copy of the directive by cooch behar district magistrate office (minority section) on tuesday asking the district inspector of schools to send the names of government-run and government-aided schools having more than 70 per cent minority students by friday, for sending a proposal to construct dining halls for mid-day meals in schools.
the west bengal government has issued a circular whereby it has directed the school authorities where 70 per cent or more students are from the muslim community to reserve a dining hall with seating arrangements for them, he tweeted.
why this discrimination between the students on the basis of religion?
is there some other mala fide motive behind this segregation?
another conspiracy?
ghosh asked.
drawing flak over the issue, the ruling tmc initially issued a statement quoting chief minister mamatabanerjee as saying that it was an old circular which has already been withdrawn, but later said they will issue a fresh clarification.
however, minister giasuddin mollah, said, our department is working to upgrade infrastructure of minority-dominated general institutions for the overall development of all students.
the dining halls for mid-day meals will benefit all students, and not just muslims.
the funds has been sanctioned so we sought for a list of such schools.
leader of opposition in the state assembly and senior congress leader abdul mannan criticised the state government over the order and said it cannot just segregate students on the basis of religion.
senior cpm leader sujan chakraborty said, students cannot be discriminated on the basis of religion.
if a dining hall is being created it should be for all.
we condemn such move.
ghosh alleged that the mamatabanerjee government is only interested in working for the development of muslims in the state.
the tmc government is only interested in working for the development of the minorities, in order to secure its vote bank, he said and asked, what wrong has the hindu students done that it can't avail the facility of dining halls.
malda: a teacher of bharatpur high school was arrested on saturday night for his alleged involvement in the assault of raiganj sdo on may 16.
a local court remanded the teacher  sanjit das  in police custody for a day.
two other teachers  manoj bhoumik and pradip sinha  who were also arrested in the same case on may 19, are still behind bars.
they were slapped with non-bailable penal sections pertaining to murder, assault and unlawful assembly and under provisions of the sc/st act and national highway act.
north dinajpur police superintendent shyam singh said, we checked the cctv camera footage and other recordings to find some teachers assaulting the sdo.
they are being identified and the search is on.
police sources said that nearly 82 teachers have already been identified.
fearing arrests many have fled homes.
one such teacher while talking to toi said, i dont know whether my name is on the list, though i was not on the spot at the time of incident.
the raids prompted late poll officer and teacher rajkumar rays widow  arpita  to appeal to the district magistrate and state tourism minister gautam deb for release of the arrested teachers.
to protest the alleged police highhandedness a convention was held on sunday.
it was attended by senior cpm leader bikash bhattacharya.
rajkumars mutilated body was found a day after the may 14 panchayat polls, triggering a teachers unrest.
later, raigunj sdo tn sherpa tried to pacify the teachers who refused to work on the counting day.
sherpa allegedly hinted that ray may have committed suicide.
this infuriated the agitating teachers who assaulted him.
they also blocked nh-34 demanding their security during counting.
chief minister mamatabanerjee later ordered a cid probe in rays death and gave rs 5 lakh compensation to arpita.
the police registered two separate cases against the teachers  for assaulting the sdo and blocking the national highway.
new delhi: the karnataka political crisis, threatening the jd(s)-congress coalition government in the state, has prompted a fresh opposition unity of parties in parliament.
west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee dialed hd kumaraswamy on wednesday evening and spoke to him over the political crisis in his state.
this is the first time since the lok sabha polls that saw the opposition decimated by bjp, getting together to oppose the ruling party.
banerjee is stung by defections in her own party with tmc legislators and councilors jumping ship to join bjp.
mamata is also threatened by bjps growing might in her state.
it was during this conversation that mamatabanerjee suggested on the joint protest by opposition parties in parliament on thursday morning, it is learnt.
it was decided that the protest should be led by a party other than congress as the grand old party, which is itself embroiled in a leadership crisis, may fail to unite the opposition.
it was then that tmc mps started calling up leaders of other opposition parties, they added.
she (banerjee) called up kumaraswamy around 6.
30 pm and discussed the situation in the state.
it was then that a plan was drawn to hold a joint protest in parliament premises on thursday over the issue, a source said.
the congress-jd(s) government in karnataka is in a turmoil after several mlas, mostly of the congress, resigned, threatening the stability of the ruling dispensation, led by chief minister kumaraswamy.
bjp has claimed that the state government has been reduced to a minority and have demanded kumaraswamy's resignation.
mps from congress, tmc, sp, ncp, rjd and cpi were among those who protested and said that the political crisis in both karnataka and goa was a threat to democracy senior congress leaders, including sonia gandhi and rahul gandhi, protested near the gandhi statue in the parliament complex.
they shouted slogans, carrying placards with messages like save democracy and stop bulldozing state governments.
hitting out at bjp over defections in the states, congress mp shashi tharoor said this is an assault on the constitution and murder of democracy.
is the bjp looking to make india a one-party state, he asked.
anand sharma (congress), cpi's d raja, rjd's manoj jha, tmc's sudeep bandyopadhyay and dola sen, ncp's majid memon and sp's azam khan were among the protestors.
in goa, congress suffered a major setback on wednesday as 10 of its 15 mlas quit the party and joined bjp.
the congress leadership has blamed bjp for the desertions from its ranks in both the states.
kolkata: west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee today remembered former chief minister jyoti basu on his seventh death anniversary.
basu, the longest serving chief minister of west bengal, had passed away on january 17, 2010.
the communist leader had served as the chief minister from 1997 to 2000.
solemnly remembering former chief minister jyoti basu on his death anniversary, mamatabanerjee wrote on her twitter handle this morning.
basu, who was born on july 8, 1914, had led the marxists to power for five consecutive times in west bengal.
image used for representational purposedownload the times of india news app for latest citynew delhi/kolkata: trinamool congress mla from noapara sunil singh joined bjp in new delhi on monday, just three days after sharing the dais with chief minister mamatabanerjee at bijpur in north parganas under barrackpore lok sabha constituency.
singhs switchover is the third instance of desertion from the trinamool camp in bengal after the lok sabha polls.
sunil, who is also the chairperson of garulia municipality, took the bjp flag in the presence of bjp national general secretary kailash vijayvargiya and bjp leader mukul roy.
sunil had with him 12 tmc councillors of the 21-member civic body, establishing a majority in bhatpara , kancharapara, naihati, halisahar and garulia municipalities where the ruling trinamool had an unchallenged sway.
sunil joining bjp brings entire barrackpore under the watch of its mp, arjun singh.
arjun is barrackpore mp, his son pawan singh is bhatpara mla, his nephew saurav singh is bhatpara municipality chairman and his brother-in-law sunil singh is noapara mla and garulia municipality chairperson.
sunils son aditya singh had joined bjp earlier.
bhatapara municipality vice-chairman and trinamool councillor somnath talukdar also joined bjp on monday.
arjun now has his eyes set on bongaon municipality.
there will be a switchover in bongaon municipality soon, he said.
speculation is rife over the future course of trinamools bongaon mla biswajit das.
after taking the bjp flag, sunil said: people in west bengal want sabka saath, sabka vikas.
in delhi, there is narendra modijis government and we want the same government in the state for sake of the states development.
mondays development comes weeks after trinamool mla from bijpur subhrangshu roy joined bjp along with more than 50 councillors from several municipalities of north 24 parganas.
besides roy, the other mlas who joined bjp were tushar kanti bhattacharya, debendranath roy and monirul islam.
in kolkata, members of the trinamool-affiliated employees union of the west bengal madhya shiksha parshad took the bjp flag from bengal bjp president dilip ghosh.
this story is from february 9, 2019download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
jalpaiguri: prime minister narendra modi went full blast against chief minister mamatabanerjee and her party in north bengal on friday, saying that bengal is headed for what happened in tripura, where people brought an end to the long-serving communist regime and made way for bjp.
explaining why he saw such a possibility, modi cited the unprecedented response from the bengal cm to the cbi probe into the ponzi scam as part of which investigating officers reached the kolkata police commissioners residence.
the cm had called the action a glaring example of political vendetta.
this is the first time since independence that a chief minister came down on the streets and sat on a dharna in support of those who looted the people.
this is an instance when a cm stood by men who cheated people of their hard-earned money.
people want to know why the cm is so rattled about the chit fund scam, the pm said at a huge gathering in jalpaiguri while training guns on the leader of what he called the maha milawat gathbandhan.
modi promised to the crowd that the looters and their protectors will be taken to task.
the crowd, consisting of a sizeable young rajbanshi population, broke into applause when the pm said: the chowkidar wont let go of the scamsters.
modi added that his government was working on the extradition of those accused of bank fraud when the bengal cm was out to protect the cheaters.
modi slammed the trinamool hard over the violence and torture on bjp workers, attacks during the panchayat polls and syndicates run by trinamool men.
didi is the cm but the dadagiri is run by jagai and madhai.
the party you brought to power after voting out communists has taken ahead the legacy of political culture of violence, the pm said.
the prime minister also seized the opportunity to take on the mamatabanerjee government over its denying permission to bjp for holding rallies in bengal.
kolkata: indian pacer mohammad shamis wife hasin jahan met chief minister mamatabanerjee in the assembly around 2.
45pm on friday.
jahan, who accused her husband of domestic violence and extra marital affairs, wanted emotional support from the chief minister.
jahan had come to the assembly when the rajya sabha election was on.
she went to the chief ministers room and stayed there for 15 minutes.
after the meeting, jahan said: the chief minister was kind and empathetic towards my struggle.
she has assured me of all support.
the meeting comes a day after the supreme court-appointed committee of administrators (coa) recommended to the board of control for cricket in india( bcci ) to include the bengal pacer in the list of centrally contracted players from which he was left out following jahan's accusations that he was involved in match-fixing.
jahan also alleged that shami was spending time with a pakistani woman in dubai and taking money from her.
shami was also probed by the anti-corruption officials of the bcci for allegedly taking money from pakistani contacts and was not found guilty.
kolkata police is however investigating the case of domestic violence registered by hasin against shami and four others on march 8.
new delhi: in a historic but politically contentious move, the modi government used its big majority in the lok sabha to pass a bill criminalising triple talaq among muslims even as sections of the opposition demanded changes in the proposed law and a small minority rejected the legislation.
though no opposition party demanded a vote in the lok sabha due to nda numbers as well as reluctance to openly oppose the proposed law, the government is bracing for a tougher numbers game in the rajya sabha where it lacks a majority and the opposition could insist on vetting by a parliamentary panel.
the lok sabha passed the muslim women (protection of rights on marriage) bill amid a demand from the opposition that the criminalisation clause be scrutinised by a parliamentary panel and law minister ravi shankar prasads vociferous defence that the house needed to choose between procedures and the cries of justice from muslim women.
rejecting the oppositions objections on grounds such as criminal procedure being uncalled for in a civil contract like marriage, prasad said the dowry prohibition act, child marriage laws and the adultery law were all linked to marriage but invited criminal action.
the same should be the case with triple talaq in the light of the supreme court ruling it unconstitutional and judges on the bench calling for legislative action, he added.
as far as maintenance is concerned, it will be at the discretion of the magistrate.
an accused will not get bail from the police station but can seek bail in a magistrates court, prasad clarified.
though congress functionaries have expressed reservations over criminalisation of triple talaq with the law providing for three-year imprisonment, the partys leader in the lok sabha, mallikarjun kharge, said the party supported the proposed law.
the partys stance in the rajya sabha will be crucial to whether the bill becomes law or is referred to a parliamentary panel, a process that can consume several months.
asked about the fate of the bill in the rajya sabha, prasad later said the government was encouraged by the lack of support for amendments moved by aimim mp asaduddin owaisi , read as a sign that congress and other secular parties may not push the issue beyond making a point.
while bjp was accused of making political capital by targeting muslim religious practices, the ambivalence of opposition parties was best reflected by trinamool congresss decision to steer clear of the debate, fielding no speaker at all.
this surprise element was attributed by sources to trinamool chief mamatabanerjee banerjees view that a silent majority of muslim women supported the law.
the west bengal party had opposed the draft bill.
as prasad initiated the discussion, fireworks started early with the opposition questioning the bills introduction.
bjd leader bhartruhari mahtab said the law was flawed as it put unwarranted discretion in the hands of police and made submission of proof of an oral triple talaq daunting.
bjps meenakshi lekhi said politics had kept india from reforming triple talaq despite 22 islamic countries having done so.
she said triple talaq was not related to religion and pointed to the law against the practice of sati.
lekhi said muslim women had a brother in pm narendra modi to take care of their concerns.
reservations of the opposition were known but in what appeared as extra caution on their part, speakers chose to open arguments clarifying that they supported the bill as did sushmita dev of congress and functionaries of cpm, sp and ncp, among others.
congress and other parties expressed reservations about the criminal clause in the legislation which they dubbed as too abrupt for a customary practice which was legal till recently.
other parties too voiced similar opposition.
however, their questions turned tricky after the all india muslim personal law board rejected the bill in toto  with the political parties risking being lumped with the conservative muslim body in the public mind as a section of opinion sees the issue in terms of gender equality.
the political fencing was evident as bjp repeatedly questioned congress on its record on empowerment of muslim women, with speakers at regular intervals invoking the shah bano case which had seen the rajiv gandhi government beat a retreat on the issue of maintenance for divorced muslim women.
junior foreign minister m j akbar cited an anecdote to quote jawaharlal nehrus reason for not moving on the empowerment of muslim women, that he did not find the opportune time.
while congress and others stuck to clause-specific reservations, secularists in akhilesh yadavs sp and lalu prasads rjd questioned the sudden burst of empathy for muslim women among bjp leaders.
they said bjp was missing when muslim women shed tears over the babri demolition and during a polarising debate on kabristan-shamshan and eid/diwali set off by modi during the up elections.
mamata mamatabanerjee (pti photo)today marks the third anniversary of the historic day when our govt of #bangla handed over to farmers the parchas o https://t.
banerjee remembered the day, three years ago when she handed over to the peasants of singur parchas (documents) of their land forcibly acquired by the then left front government for the tata's nano factory and described it as a historic day.
today marks the third anniversary of the historic day when our govt of #bangla handed over to farmers the parchas of land forcibly acquired in singur, mamatabanerjee wrote on her twitter handle on saturday morning.
we reiterate our commitment to the welfare of farmers, alongside promoting industry.
my humble pronam to maa, mati, manush, she added.
the trinamool congress supremo, on this day in 2016, had handed over land parchas to 9,117 farmers and cheques to 806 people.
banerjee had steered the massive agitation against the land acquisition for tata's nano car factory in singur in 2006.
kolkata: agitating junior doctors on saturday turned down chief minister mamatabanerjee 's appeal to end their stir and resume duty, saying there was no honest effort on her part to break the deadlock.
we are eagerly waiting to rejoin our duty, but from the chief minister's side there is no honest initiative to find a solution (of the ongoing problem), a spokesperson of the joint forum of junior doctors told reporters after cm appealed to protesters to return to work.
the agitating junior doctors also rubbished banerjee's claims that a few of their colleagues visited her at the state secretariat.
what cm has told in the press conference is not at all true.
no junior doctor went to meet her.
what she claimed that we are against the solution and conversation.
.
.
but we want her to come to the nil ratan sircar medical college and hospital listen to us and take necessary steps to serve the ailing people, he said.
earlier, mamatabanerjee , while addressing the press at the state secretariat, left it midway, claiming that a few junior doctors have appeared there in order to meet her.
banerjee during her press meet said that her government had not invoked the essential services maintenance act (esma) even after five days of strike by the junior doctors and appealed to them to immediately rejoin service.
the chief minister said the state government had accepted all the demands of the doctors and was ready to accommodate their additional demands, but that they must resume work.
shabba hakimdownload the times of india news app for latest citykolkata: these medics took to social media or hit the streets to express their solidarity with the protesting doctors at nrs hospital a week ago.
shabba hakim, mayor firhad hakims daughter, baidyanath ghosh dastidar , mp kakoli ghosh dastidars son, and abesh mamatabanerjee , chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjees nephew, were also among the first to laud her for her statesmanship to resolve the crisis transparently that would help bengals healthcare in the long run.
biadyanath, in a detailed post after the cease-work was called off, mentioned, unlike gujarat or tamil nadu, esma was not needed.
unlike jyoti basu, the doctors were not lathicharged.
the crisis was resolved by dialogue, compassion, wise leadership and a bit of momota (compassion) on the part of the government.
he wrote, at the end of the day, the sick patients of west bengal won.
i am immensely proud of the interns, house-staff and pgts.
.
.
none raised personal demands such as salary, perks or holidays.
i hope the people understand that doctors genuinely care for patients and dont run after money.
he thanked the chief minister for her statesmanship.
i thank her for statesmanship.
this is the first instance in the history of independent india that a cm has addressed the issues of doctors on live camera.
shabba wrote on social media, considering bjp has appointed a person known to have physically assaulted doctors like ananth kumar hedge as a minister, their support during our protest was about embarrassing tmc and mamatabanerjee .
i am proud of doctors from all over india for not falling for their hypocrisy and keeping our movement apolitical.
she also endorsed a post which said, i dont think doctors won today.
it is the health system of bengal that won!
and we all fought for it!
to a post that her initial stand on the issue had an impact on the movement, she said, all i did was speak from the heart.
it was about me being a doctor and not whom i am related to.
though i always maintain that its my parents who taught me to stand up for what is right.
she said, i am proud to be a doctor and a bengali today.
i salute the pilots of the iaf.
rahul gandhi (@rahulgandhi) 1551153927000          https://t.
co/yjn5kmnvzf  randeep singh surjewala (@rssurjewala) 1551153947000today's strong action shows the will and resolve of a new india.
our new india will not spare any acts of terror an https://t.
co/wszclkqerr  amit shah (@amitshah) 1551167884000subramanian swamy: even if it was their territory, we have under the united nation charter the right of self-defenc https://t.
co/gegukgwn7o  ani (@ani) 1551153995000i salute the bravery of indian air force pilots who have made us proud by striking terror targets in pakistan  arvind kejriwal (@arvindkejriwal) 1551154310000we salute bravery of our pilots and air force.
we are blessed and proud of our forces.
jai hind  tejashwi yadav (@yadavtejashwi) 1551155932000they say they want india to bleed with a 1000 cuts.
we say that each time you attack us, be certain we will get bac https://t.
co/brmcdqpkob  vijay kumar singh (@gen_vksingh) 1551157775000weve entered a whole new paradigm with the balakote air strike.
the post uri strike was to avenge our losses, bala https://t.
co/tk3t7bwmi6  omar abdullah (@omarabdullah) 1551162525000this one will be filed under tweets we wish we hadnt put out but cant delete now.
dont worry we all have them https://t.
co/6gqpab8vww  omar abdullah (@omarabdullah) 1551163344000if my aversion to unnecessary retaliation & subsequent war makes gullible people question my nationalism then so be https://t.
co/uuslu6ddjb  mehbooba mufti (@mehboobamufti) 1551172691000iaf also means india's amazing fighters.
jai hind  mamatabanerjee (@mamataofficial) 1551157770000every indian who had d pain n anguish of d martyrdom of our forces is greatly relieved and delighted this morning.
https://t.
co/u0kltmrhjh  ram madhav (@rammadhavbjp) 1551158575000our 12 return safely home after wreaking havoc on terrorist camps in pakistan.
india is proud of its heroes.
i salute their valour.
kamal haasan (@ikamalhaasan) 1551158944000i salute the indian air force and indeed all our armed forces.
congratulations @iaf_mcc  akhilesh yadav (@yadavakhilesh) 1551157000000a owaisi: was expecting this sort of response within 2-3 days after pulwama blast.
welcome this.
we stand with govt https://t.
co/4aelcvhnfo  ani (@ani) 1551169950000ex-army chief general bikram singh: it's an excellent operation that has been undertaken.
it was certain it'll happ https://t.
co/avds0qxcqn  ani (@ani) 1551174820000mess with the best, die like the rest.
salute #indianairforce.
@narendramodi.
ajay devgn (@ajaydevgn) 1551155484000salute to the our armed forces.
jai hind.
swara bhasker (@reallyswara) 1551161601000make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
new delhi: indian air force on tuesday carried out aerial strikes at major terror camps in pakistan occupied kashmir, completely destroying them, 12 days after the ghastly terror attack in pulwama.
12 mirage 2000 jets took part in the operation that dropped 1000 kg bombs on terror camps across loc (line of control), completely destroying them, iaf sources said.
the air strike was carried around 3:30 am, sources said.
reactions have started coming on the news of strikes by iaf's mirage 2000s on terror camps across loc.
congress chief rahul gandhi, in a one-line tweet, saluted iaf pilots.
a similar tweet was posted by congress' randeep surjewala.
bjp chief amit shah said, the strikes demonstrated the resolve of a 'new india.
'bjp's subramanian swami in his tweet said pok is legally indian territory anyway .
delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal also saluted the iaf pilots in a tweet, hailing their bravery.
he later said, the entire country was with the government and the prime minister at this time.
tejashwi yadav of rjd also tweeted on similar lines.
mos external affairs vk singh every attack will be responded to with a stronger, harder reaction.
former j&k cm omar abdullah called the balakot strike a whole new paradigm.
in a separate tweet, he also took a dig at the pakistani military.
another former j&k chief minister mehbooba mufti struck a different chord in her tweets.
union hrd minister prakash javadekar tuesday hailed the air strikes, saying the entire nation stands firmly behind the armed forces, pti reported.
it was a necessary step required for the security of the country .
.
.
it was an act of maha parakram (mightily act), he said.
west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee also hailed iaf's pilots.
bjp's ram madhav in his tweet said every indian who was pained at the martyrdom of our forces would be delighted at the news of air strike.
actor-turned-politician kamal haasan hailed the valour of the 12 iaf pilots.
the maharashtra assembly on tuesday passed a unanimous resolution congratulating the indian armed forces for the strikes, pti reported.
we feel proud of our armed forces which did not allow martyrdom of our jawans to go in vain.
we proved our might, chief minister devendra fadnavis said.
samajwadi party chief akhilesh tweeted a congratualtion to the iaf.
asaduddin owaisi of mim hailed the strikes, and said india should now go after terrorists like masood azhar and hafiz saeed.
former army chief gen bikram singh the writing was on the wall ever since pm modi promised action.
bollywod too took to twitter to congratulate iaf.
in video: surgical strike 2.
the gandhi bhavan at beliaghata.
download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
kolkata: the state government will start renovating the gandhi bhavan at beliaghata and set up a mega gate at its entrance to commemorate gandhijis 150th birth anniversary.
a state pwd official said that for the renovation project, they have started the tendering process in end-january and the work was expected to be completed within may.
earlier in 2018, bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee had visited gandhi bhavan, where gandhiji had stayed in august 1947, and wanted proper renovation of the property.
gandhiji had preferred to stay at the house in beliaghata as kolkata was witnessing riots then.
the house was then known as hyderi manjil .
gandhiji had stayed here for 25 days  between august and september 1947  in phases.
the house has already been taken over by the state government.
already, the state government is setting up mega gates at various places, including kalighat temple and sskm hospital.
a similar gate will come up at gandhi bhavan, an official said.
sources said that gandhiji had started living at the house from august 13, when the riots were still on in kolkata.
as the riots continued unabated, he started an indefinite hunger strike from august 31.
considering all this, the chief minister wants to highlight the importance of this house to the younger generation and plans to make it a must-visit spot for the students, the nabanna official added.
the pwd official said that they had planned a thorough renovation, as gopal krishna gandhi, the former governor and grandson of gandhiji, had also pointed out that the historic house needed better maintenance.
the gandhi bhavan also houses a museum with exhibits like a spinning wheel and some personal belongings of gandhiji, including a pocket watch used by him.
his slippers and some photographs are also on display.
however, some cracks are already developing on the walls, for which proper maintenance is needed, another official said.
he said that around rs 50 lakh would be spent for the work.
bengal government wants to celebrate the 150th birth anniversary of gandhiji in a grand manner and the cm has already declared the setting up of gandhi university at tamluk.
repairs of the roof and the building will be the main focus of the project.
special thrust will also be given on illuminating the building to make it a tourist spot.
it was never promoted as a tourist spot, added the official.
a fake notification is doing the rounds in social media about eid holidays.
it is false.
those who have masterminde https://t.
co/tjdjpofg8i  kolkata police (@kolkatapolice) 1528608018000new delhi: a fake notification on eid-ul-fitr holidays doing the rounds on social media has created a lot of confusion in kolkata.
the post, which went viral last saturday evening, states that eid holidays will be observed across the state for four days - starting from june 12.
not only that, it included the name and signature of a government official on the notice.
a fake government logo was also used on it.
the notice falsely claims: in order to celebrate eid festival, which falls on 12 june to 15 june, 2018, in a befitting manner, the governor is pleased to declare state government holiday on 12 to 15 june, 2018, in addition to 16 june, 2018 which has already been notified as a public holiday.
the document further mentions that all state government offices including educational institutions, rural and urban local bodies, development authorities, boards, corporations, state government undertakings shall remain closed.
kolkata police took to twitter to post a message warning that the message going viral on social media is fake and the persons who spread it will be punished.
this fake notification was circulated on the social media for the sole purpose of causing confusion among people.
state urban development minister firhad hakim said, a political vindictive campaigning is going on that our chief minister mamatabanerjee is giving extra favour to the minority section.
this fake message is only to establish their demand.
we have informed the matter to cyber crime department.
this story is from february 5, 2019file photo of andhra pradesh chief minister n chandrababu naidu.
download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
amaravati: andhra pradesh chief minister n chandrababu naidu on tuesday will visit kolkata to meet west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee and express his solidarity.
after presentation of the vote-on-account budget in the andhra pradesh assembly, naidu will fly to kolkata, where mamatabanerjee continues her sit-in to protest against the attempted raid by the cbi on the residence of kolkata police commissioner rajeev kumar.
according to the chief minister's office, naidu will reach kolkata around 3.
30 p.
m.
and meet mamatabanerjee and extend his support.
the telugu desam party (tdp) leader was among the first to condemn the happenings in kolkata on sunday night.
he termed it as a glaring example of prime minister narendra modi and bjp president amit shah destroying the institutions.
naidu also said that attacking political opponents in different states, few days before the parliament elections, will have disastrous consequences in the country.
after opposition parties started uniting and started to fight together to save democracy, the modi-led bharatiya janata party is losing all hope.
the misuse of institutions by the union government to victimise political opponents in states is reaching dangerous proportions, said naidu.
kolkata: the bengal government, reacting to the widespread concern among students, teachers and parents over its mandate to make bengali a compulsory subject for every school-goer in the state, said on tuesday it was exploring the option of enforcing the three-language formula only for students from classes v to viii.
implicit in the climbdown was an acknowledgement of the criticism from a section of educationists and panic among parents and students at the prospect of having to study three languages every year from class i to x. education department officials, however, said the government had not taken a final call on the issue.
we have taken note of the concerns expressed by all stakeholders.
we are yet to decide whether the three-language formula would be implemented for only classes v to viii or for the entire 10-year school period, a senior official said on tuesday.
but the government would not budge from its main objective of making every school student in bengal learn bengali for at least a part of the school years, he added.
we may bring a bill this assembly session itself so that there is no confusion over what has to be done from the next academic year, the official added.
education minister partha chatterjee himself indicated there was a rethink after monday evening's hastily convened media briefing, where he dropped the bombshell.
his department was yet to decide the classes where bengali would be made mandatory, he said, indicating a month-long time-frame to roll out a formal policy on teaching bengali compulsorily in schools.
the time lag, too, suggested a rethink by the government, said officials, who admitted that a series of amendments and legal provisions would have to be made to usher in the revolutionary change that could turn out to be a barrier for non-bengali students and those migrating to bengal schools from other states.
teachers said these two sections of students would be left with a massive problem if the government decided to ram bengali through as a compulsory language throughout school across boards.
the worst-affected will be those migrating to bengal as a mid-or senior-school student.
the worst-affected will be those migrating to bengal as a mid-school or a senior-school student.
they would be expected to match up to a pretty advanced level of bengali teaching.
i wonder how many parents with corporate jobs would shift to the state if their kids face this problem in school.
this is not the best way of making bengal a destination for industries and corporates, which the state government says is its aim, a teacher in a prominent city school said.
another section that would be hit hard if the government opts to stick to the class-i-to-class-x-three-language formula would be bengal students whose mother tongue is not bengali.
these students, who have not been studying bengali as a language, could suddenly find themselves learning a new language halfway through school.
this will be extremely difficult, another teacher said.
also, why should a bengali student, who wants to study only english and bengali as the two main languages for most of school, be saddled with a third language for 10 years?
she asked.
all these questions, without any easy answers, may have prompted the more circumspect response from the government on tuesday though chief minister mamatabanerjee has thrown her weight behind the three-language policy, making its implementation a foregone conclusion.
but there were other less obvious reasons as well for the more considered response from minister chatterjee and senior school education department officials.
one is the right of children to free and compulsory education (rte) act, 2009.
it insulates minority schools (schools administered and run directly by minority trusts like the church of north india) from any state overreach.
another would be some apex court judgments.
a 2004 judgment by a three-judge supreme court bench, for instance, upheld the maharashtra government's order making marathi compulsory across schools, including english-medium schools run by gujarati linguistic minorities, but ordered that this be implemented from class v onwards so that children at a tender age are not burdened to learn an additional language.
karnataka, though, has implemented the kannada language learning act, 2015, making the local language compulsory across schools, even those affiliated to cbse and icse.
one option for the bengal government would be to amend the bengali official language act, 1961, or, like karnataka, bringing in a fresh law making bengali compulsory in schools, officials said.
school principals welcomed the government's apparent rethink on the issue.
devi kar, director of modern high school , said it would be an extremely good move to have bengali compulsorily taught as a third language between classes vi and viii.
a child that grows up in bengal should know the language.
it is fine to start it even earlier.
but it should not be extended beyond class viii, when students begin to prepare for board examinations, said kar.
nabarun de, principal of central modern school in baranagar and secretary of the association of icse schools in bengal and north-east, opposed the idea of having bengali throughout school.
in karnataka, students from classes i to x are allotted a period in a week to get acquainted with kannada literature and culture.
they are not examined on the same.
our students are already learning a third language from classes v to viii as a testing paper.
if the government decides to implement bengali as a compulsory testing subject from class i onwards, then students will be burdened with two different languages apart from the mother tongue from as early an age as six years, said de.
civil servant aspirants from the state and the north-east will soon have a coaching school to fulfill their dreams.
kolkata: civil servant aspirants from the state and the north-east will soon have a coaching school to fulfill their dreams.
the higher education department is all set to inaugurate an ias coaching centre at the bidhan nagar college.
worried about the dwindling number of candidates qualifying for ias and other allied services, chief minister mamatabanerjee has decided to initiate the new venture.
over the past few years, students from jharkhand and bihar have bagged high ranks in the civil service examination while west bengal has lagged behind.
there are in fact very few ias officers from the state cadre currently serving in the state government and even at the centre.
this year, there was only one student who secured a rank in the top 100 in the upsc exams.
he had taken tuitions from a private ias training institute.
in previous years, there have been none from the state among the toppers.
the new coaching centre will be run in association with bidhan nagar college.
the idea is to change the scenario by handholding the aspirants, said a higher education department official.
presidency college runs an ias training centre which will be closed down soon.
the college which has been upgraded to a university asked for additional space to meet the existing space crunch.
the society that runs the ias centre at presidency university has sent a letter and informed us that the training centre will formally close as the university authorities are insisting on utilizing the space for their official purpose to sort out the space crunch, said education minister bratya basu, confirming the news.
the course will be coordinated by bidhan nagar college and will be supported by the state government.
they have the logistics and adequate space to start the ias and allied services training institute.
if necessary, more space can be created later if the institute needs further expansion.
moreover, salt lake is also a rapidly developing area and a technology hub.
so, we decided to set up the new institute at bidhan nagar college, added higher education secretary satish tewari.
basu said that the coaching institute will also train students from the north-east since they lack opportunities.
the coaching institute will also be a breeding ground for civil service aspirants from the north-east.
they lack opportunities.
we also plan to set up a hostel accomodation if necessary for students from north-east, the minister said.
aiming to rope in students for the upsc prelims to be held in may next year, the new coaching centre will open its gates to the first batch after the pujas.
the students will be given assistance for both written and viva examinations.
the course format will be in modules.
the civil service aspirants can choose their area of interest and accordingly decide their requirements and customise the modules, informed tewari.
the faculty will be chosen from among former ias officers, current civil servants and wbcs officers.
the college will also lend their support to the students, said tewari.
there will be a screening process to select students.
the first batch will accommodate around 50 aspirants.
kolkata: chief minister mamatabanerjee steamed up all the regional parties against bjp that she said was joining hands up with separatist forces.
bjp played the role in tripura that it did in darjeeling.
they backed those who were demanding gorkhaland.
they played the same card in tripura, she said, adding that bengal would be a tough ground for bjp.
while trinamool workers battled with bjp supporters at rashbehari to get access to the defaced syama prasad mookerjees statue at keoratalla , the cm said: we dont support defacing or pulling down statues of leaders.
it is an act of handful of maoists who are trying to malign bengals image.
the government has taken strong action against them.
i want to know if the culprits have been arrested in tripura, the cm said drawing sharp reactions from bjp leader locket chatterjee.
our didi seems more disturbed with the left debacle in tripura than the cpm itself, chatterjee said.
mamata then urged all regional parties to jointly protest against bjps machinations.
they are engaging the bsf to distribute money in the border areas.
they are also engaging central agencies  cbi, ed to muzzle the dissenting voice.
cpm has succumbed under pressure.
but we wont bow to the bjp threat.
if they target bengal, we will target red fort, she said.
her thrust on regional parties spoke for her networking with non-congress regional party leaders.
even as trinamool seniors claimed that didi has not deleted congress from the anti-bjp front, the party isnt willing to recognise congress as the big brother in the alliance any more.
mamata then appealed to the women present at the mayo road gathering to ensure bjps defeat in 2019.
duhajar unish, bjp hobe finish(bjp will lose in 2019).
you alone can do that.
the bjp government is showcasing the beti bachhao beti padhao scheme for girls.
the total allocation is rs 1,500 when the states allocation for kanyashree programme is rs 5,000 crore.
ask them when bjp leaders come to you for votes, she said.
purulia: chief minister mamatabanerjee has proposed amends in the annual assessment of state officials to enhance their direct interface with the public and problem solving capacity.
the cm wants bureaucrats ranging from the dms to the bdos, and also the police inspectors, to keep records of the problems they have resolved by taking personal initiative.
the record will be consulted during their annual appraisal, the cm said.
i would ask the dms, sdos, bdos and ics to keep records of how many problems they have solved.
i will check them during my next administrative meeting.
the cm then urged chief secretary moloy de to send a circular to all the districts in this regard.
power of instilling confidence in public is already there among the total 11 criteria based on which state officials are assessed at the end of the year.
departmental secretaries give ratings  poor, average, good and very good  in a scale of zero to three.
the cm on wednesday wants to quantify public dealing and give it additional weightage instead of the usual three marks allotted for each of the 11 criteria.
sources in the personnel & administrative reforms department said the proposed quantification will help remove the subjectivity in the assessment procedure.
an official now has to present concrete cases leaving less scope for his superior to make an overall assessment, an official said.
mamata advocated this change after coming across complaints from public during her district tours that people sometimes dont get access to officials when they need them badly.
i am aware that there are some people who come with their problems on a regular basis only to bother the administration.
i am not talking about them.
but there are some who come with genuine problems and a little initiative from the administration can help them tide over the problem.
keep a record of such cases and the problems you solved, the cm said in a bid to make the administration more accountable ahead of the panchayat polls.
the cm showed the way in the administrative meeting itself by solving the problem of bodies piling up at the purulia morgue.
responding to trinamool congress mla shampa daripas plea, she turned to director general of police surajit kar purkayastha .
how long should the unclaimed bodies have to be preserved?
she asked.
when the dg told her about the rule, mamatabanerjee formed a panel comprising the dm, chief medical officer of health, municipality chairman and assigned the panel to dispose the bodies according to law.
the cm also ordered for setting up a new morgue at purulia.
mamata mamatabanerjee at the teachers day programmekolkata: chief minister mamatabanerjee chose the teachers'day to inform the gathering at netaji indoor stadium how the centre has discontinued support to sarva shiksha aviyan and research support to non-net students in the state.
the cm told teachers the state is funding the projects and urged them to have faith and trust in her government that strives to meet expectations.
the cm's address to teachers on thursday turned out to be a balance sheet of the state's limited income against its rising expenditure along with the annual debt servicing liability that hit the rs 55,000-crore mark.
this year's financial outgo on debt servicing is rs 55,000 crore, which is more than the state's own generation.
yet, we could do in the last eight years what other parties in power couldn't in the last 70 years.
there was a time when bengal used to rank 19th or 20th among states under several categories.
now bengal has emerged as a model for the country.
kanyashree is a case in point, the cm said.
mamata then spoke about how many universities and schools have come up during her tenure.
a total 42 universities have been set up in the last eight years when the figure was 12 for the last 70 years.
we have set up 7,000 primary and secondary schools, recruited 6,500 college teachers.
we have revised salaries of contract teachers from the primary to college level, the cm said.
the cm also highlighted the benefits and services that come in bengal free of cost when the rest of states charge citizens.
we don't charge citizens for drinking water, hospitalization.
most of the states have abolished pension and gratuity for state government employees.
we are continuing with the benefits.
the government could have saved rs 10,000 crore if pension was done away with like other states, the cm said.
mamata also spoke on avenues to increase the income.
tamil nadu has excise collection more than our yearly income.
but i can't allow setting up of liquour shops in each para to boost revenues, the cm said.
she then returned to the centre-state revenue sharing refrain that was also a major grouse of the preceding left front government.
the centre takes away rs 42,000 crore from the state and returns rs 8,000 crore to bengal under various schemes.
it has denied us rs 17,000 crore for sarva shiksha aviyan, the chief minister said.
kolkata: chief minister mamatabanerjee is staying away from niti aayogs governing council meeting in delhi.
prime minister narendra modi will chair the meeting on june 16 to discuss the countrys development agenda for new india 2022 with chief ministers and members of the thinktank.
the council is also going to plan with states the celebrations for mahatma gandhis 150th birth anniversary.
i am not going to the niti aayog meeting.
it has been called on the day of eid-ul-fitr.
i dont go out of the state during the festival days.
there is a national holiday on the occasion of eid , the chief minister said on saturday.
the bengal government has already announced a holiday on june 16, which is a saturday.
sources in the state secretariat said mamatabanerjee may nominate a senior government official to attend the meeting.
this is the fourth time that mamatabanerjee is skipping a niti aayog meet.
the cm stayed away from meetings on three occasions between 2015 and 2018 following differences with the modi governments policies  such as land acquisition and appointing central observers to oversee development in most backward districts  or during drawing up of 15-year vision document for the country.
banerjee also seized the opportunity to voice her angst at spiralling prices of petrol, diesel and lpg.
skyrocketing prices have set kitchens on fire.
we feel concerned.
there is hardly any measure to check them beyond publicity, the cm said.
banerjees decision has political significance as well.
her staying in bengal during eid, and modi holding a meeting on the same day, is meant to reassure vast sections of the minority that have expressed their faith in her.
at the same time, the cm flagged the spiralling prices, sending out a message that she stood by the people, cutting across religious lines, who were pained by the fuel and lpg price rise.
the floating market of patuli, inaugurated by chief minister mamatabanerjee on wednesday, threw up a weighty problem within the first 24 hours of operations.
none of the weighing scales of the 228 hawkers on the 114 boats is working properly.
since the boats are rocking at the slightest movement or the hint of a breeze, items are showing different weight readings within seconds.
this has left the buyers and sellers a harassed lot.
funnily enough, no one had taken this unexpected problem into account when the market was inaugurated.
the issue with the weights became apparent only on thursday morning, when business at the market started in full earnest.
as soon as the boats swayed a bit, the reading of the scales  both manual and electric  kept changing.
the greater the weight of the goods being measured, the higher the difference in reading.
a couple of physics professors we spoke to explained why this was happening.
the mechanics of any weighing machine works on the laws of gravity and inertia.
and the weighing machines need to be levelled properly on the surface where it is standing.
since a boats surface is never still, the machine is never at the same level, said a physics professor from st xaviers college.
when the boat is bobbing up, the weight shows greater than actual, and when the boat is pitching downwards, the weight shown is lower than what it should be.
this mismatch in weights soon led to some dissatisfaction among the customers on thursday morning, with some of them even refusing to buy the goods.
the weight of goods im paying for is not right.
how can i buy anything?
asked samaresh nath, a retired government official.
bapan sardar, a potato and onion seller was bewildered with his malfunctioning electric weighing machines.
he said, i never anticipated this would happen.
now i think i will have to buy a new machine.
there are three probable solutions.
the first would be to place the weighing machine on the axis of the boat.
if you join two pointed ends of the boat with an imaginary line, that line would be the axis and its the most static position on the rolling boat, said a physics teacher.
the second would be to tie the boat as tightly as possible to stop it from moving.
the third would be to use a crane scale weighing machine, the kind used on big fishing boats.
those machines give a correct reading even on a moving boat.
new delhi: apprehensive of retaliation by red ultras, west bengal chief minister and trinamool congress chief mamatabanerjee on thursday refused to react to the death of maoist leader kishanji, who was killed in an encounter in the state.
the cm got the news of kishanji's death while she was attending the west bengal day function at the international trade fair at pragati maidan on thursday.
it changed her body language, and she was visibly disturbed.
immediately, she got busy with phone calls to get an update on the situation from back home.
railways, headed by trinamool's dinesh trivedi, was put on high alert after the maoist leader's death was confirmed.
the jnaneshwari express incident, suspected to be the naxals' handiwork, had occurred last year.
banerjee has recently endorsed the joint operation with the centre against maoists in the state.
the naxals retaliated by killing several trinamool activists.
prior to becoming the cm, she had spoken about holding talks with the maoists to resolve the problem in the state, and even in her party's election manifesto had mentioned it.
she had also indicated giving amnesty to those who would leave the maoist fold and join the mainstream society.
if violence in the state spirals, it would only add to the cm's woes in running the state, already reeling under empty coffers and an increasingly sour ties with alliance partner congress.
mumbai: rising global oil and gas prices pinched fuel consumers hard as motor fuel prices hit record levels in mumbai and delhi on sunday.
in mumbai, petrol price increased to rs 81.
59 a litre on sunday and is expected to rise to 81.
69 monday, while diesel touched an all-time high of rs 68.
35 a litre and will hit rs 68.
89 on monday as benchmark brent crude hovered at $70 per barrel on friday, the last trading day of the week gone by.
delhi, meanwhile, saw petrol price hit a four-year high of rs 73.
73 a litre and diesel touch an all-time high of rs 64.
58.
federation of all maharashtra petrol dealers association (fampeda) president uday lodh and ravi shinde of the mumbai petrol dealers association said the new revision on the first day of the new fiscal has taken petrol and diesel prices to an all-time high in mumbai as well as the state.
simultaneously, mahanagar gas ltd also increased the price of cng to rs 44.
22/kg and of domestic piped natural gas (png) to rs 26.
87/scm (standard cubic meter) in and around mumbai.
the basic price of cng was increased by rs1.
23/kg and of domestic png by rs 1.
04/scm.
consumers are likely to feel the pinch of every cent by which crude rises or falls due to the daily price revision mechanism introduced last june, unlike in the past when prices were revised every fortnight.
with the daily revision, the price of diesel has gone up by rs 4.
84 per litre over the last three months, while petrol has become costlier by rs 5.
34.
the hike may slowly lead to an increase in prices of vegetables, groceries and other essential items, traders fear, especially since diesel is the fuel used by the transport industry.
our transporters who are an integral part of our supply chain will increase the rates and so delivery charges will go up.
this will, at the end of the year or so, reflect in food pricing, said a senior member of ahar, an association of over 8,000 bars and restaurants.
similarly, a vegetable trader at the mumbai apmc said the small rises are absorbed by the supply chain but eventually at the end of the year there might be some difference that can result in the overall rise in price of vegetables and groceries.
for instance, sumit bari, who owns pooja logistics in goregaon, has increased freight rates by 10  beginning april.
we transport plastic bottles and various types of powder.
diesel prices are a growing burden which we are forced to pass to our clients.
if we demand 10  they will give us 7-8 .
of course they will in turn relay the increase to consumers.
over the last nine months, diesel price has gone up by rs 7.
53 per litre and petrol by rs 8.
79 per litre.
consumers now describe daily revision as slow poisoning.
earlier, at least we could make out the rise but in this any major change becomes invisible, said a consumer who was refilling his suv fuel tank at a petrol pump in south mumbai.
kedar chandak, a prominent petrol dealer, said that on average, the per barrel rate of crude had fallen to usd 65-70 now from usd 110 in 2014 but indian consumers are still being charged the same rates or more than what they were charged then.
this clearly means governments were not passing on the benefits to consumers and instead strengthening the government coffers, he said demanding introduction of gst for petrol to avoid tax on tax calculations.
the government may find it hard to deny this without inviting public ire ahead of crucial karnataka polls as it looks to seek another mandate from the people early next year.
on sunday, west bengal cm and trinamool chief mamatabanerjee lashed out at the centre for high fuel prices.
but reducing tax could upset the governments maths when it has just announced a massive stimulus package to revive the economy.
this story is from february 3, 2019west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjeemake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
kolkata: despite the pms appeal to the trinamool congress to support the citizenship (amendment) bill, west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee reiterated her hard stance on the issue once again on saturday.
they [bjp-led centre] want us to pass the citizenship bill .
they are driving bengalis out.
biharis and nepalis are also being persecuted.
nearly 22 lakh bengalis have been left out of nrc.
we will not allow them to incite riots, we will not allow north-eastern states to burn, we will not allow sectarian violence.
they have to withdraw the citizenship (amendment) bill, she said.
the pm addressed a rally in durgapur where he said trinamool congress leaders were afraid of cbi probes into scams.
didi, why are you afraid if you have not done any wrong?
when i was in gujarat (as cm), they (the cbi) interrogated me for hours.
the upa government in new delhi made cbi do whatever it wanted.
but i never thought of throwing cbi out of the state, modi said, accusing trinamool of being a triple t party focusing solely on trinamool tolabaji tax.
banerjee reacted to pm modis jibe , saying it was the pot calling the kettle black.
his political career started with godhra riots.
what happened to haren pandya ?
just because he was questioned by cbi, everyone else has to be questioned too?
his role in the riots was a known fact, hence he was questioned, she said.
saying that chit funds were created during the cpm-era in the 1980s, the cm hit back: why was no action taken till 2011?
they have destroyed the country in the last four years.
the death knell of his government has been sounded.
the expiry date of the modi government is here.
he has ruled for five years with the help of cbi, it and ed.
syedpur (malda): syedpur villagers had last seen a politician come to their place a year-and-a-half ago.
congress candidate from sujapur isha khan chowdhury had visited this village, once known as khunider gram (village of marauders), in may 2016.
syedpur was left to itself for all these days till afrajuls killing in rajasthan made it a pilgrimage for politicians on saturday.
trinamool and congress heavyweights took a bumpy ride on the broken road, off nh-34 on the farakka side, leading to this nondescript village.
they had to take the trouble of walking through a dingy lane and make it to a cramped 10ftx10ft room to console the bereaved family.
the victims widow, gulmohor biwi, sat in stony silence unlike the rural folk who usually break into a wail.
state urban development minister firhad hakim told the family members that chief minister mamatabanerjee had sent them while others  suvendu adhikari, sudip bandyopadhyay, saugata roy and kakoli ghosh dastidar  stood by him.
roy told the family that he will raise the issue in parliament.
malda district magistrate handed over pension papers to the widow.
when the political heavyweights left the room, the widow uttered a single word  shasti (punishment)  for afrajuls killers.
nobody in the village, not even afrajuls relatives jasim and ruksan shiekh whom afrajul had engaged for work in rajasthan, would take it as love jihad.
we are not aware of any such thing.
afrajul was a labour supplier.
he used to work there for years, said jasim, who brought the body back from rajasthan.
rajya sabha mp pradip bhattacharya, who stopped at the village on his way to raigunj, said: a section in rajasthan has been into such killings to spread fear among labourers from other states.
the purpose is to keep outsiders at bay.
however, residents under the jaluabadhal gram panchayat have little option.
the local masjid is the tallest building in an area where animals and men drink water from the same pond.
men who make roads in rajasthan have no roads to carry suvs.
this muslim village is a congress turf and has remained loyal to the ghani khan chowdhury family.
the trinamool delegation thus didnt miss the opportunity to take a dig at congress.
addressing a huge crowd that had gathered to catch a glimpse of politicians they usually see on television, firhad hakim said: a communal force is trying to divide people.
our leader mamatabanerjee wont let it happen.
but then, realizing that the village was a congress stronghold, he added: why is congress making noises here?
it claims to be an all-india party.
let them take to the streets in rajasthan if they are sincere to the cause.
prompt came the reply from congress mp adhir chowdhury: congress has already taken up afrajuls killing in rajasthan.
his party colleague sabina yasmin said: its good that the cm has announced compensation for the victims family.
but the cm should find out why people from this village are leaving the state for jobs elsewhere.
the political humdrum, however, was just a passing phase.
syedpur returned to isolation hours after the vvip motorcade left.
jasmin and ruksan shiekh are leaving for rajasthan within days.
what else do we do?
who will give us a rs 400 daily wage?
said jasim.
image used for representational purposekolkata: with nearly 300 people affected by dengue in kolkata and deaths being reported from north 24 parganas and nadia, the state health department has decided to procure bio-larvicide to combat the vector-borne disease.
an amount of rs 14 crore has been earmarked for the purpose, half of which has already been sanctioned by the finance department.
bio-larvicide is believed to be more effective than guppy fish, which has been used so far to counter the vector-borne disease by destroying mosquito larvae.
the bio-larvicide is a compound prepared from the baccilus thuringiensis israelensis (bti).
it will be used in powder form, which is eco-friendly and approved by the directorate of national vector borne disease control programme for use in anti-mosquito drives.
this is the first time that the state health department is using bio-larvicide to counter mosquitoes.
one lot has been procured and is being used.
the second one is being procured, said ajay chakraborty, director, health services.
earlier, the health department used to depend on guppy fish and chemical insecticides for killing mosquito larvae.
while guppy fish  itself a bio-larvicide  is more effective in large expanses of water like a pond, the bti toxin is known to be more apt for smaller surfaces with clean water, which are the preferred breeding grounds of the aedes aegypti, the mosquito that spreads dengue.
chief minister mamatabanerjee had recently expressed scepticism about how effectively the guppy fish were being used.
she said more fish should be released in north 24 parganas, which has been recording the highest number of dengue cases for the last few years.
a nabanna official said the west bengal medical services corporation was going to purchase the bio-larvicide.
this bio-larvicide serves as a pseudo-protein for the mosquito larva.
once it enters the stomach of the larva, it paralysis the alimentary canal, leaving the larva incapable of feeding.
the bacteria keeps germinating inside the stomach, while the larva dies of starvation and septicaemia, said dwaipayan biswas, a senior kmc entomologist.
two hundred and fifty grams of the power are mixed with 10 litres of water to cover a 500 sq metre/ linear metre of mosquito breeding ground.
this is effective and eco-friendly, added biswas.
the gm of wbmsc has asked for a fund of rs 14.
7 crore for the purchase of 1.
16 lakh kg of bio-larvicide.
the government has sanctioned the purchase of 66,840 litres chemical larvicide.
the dms have been instructed to distribute the bio-larvicide to dengue-prone areas, said sources.
while 300 cases of dengue have been reported from kolkata, no death has so far been reported.
with dengue supposed to peak around september-october, doctors fear the worst is yet to come.
the state government has placed a senior ias officer for dengue control, so that the entire mechanism is well-coordinated and properly monitored.
bhagabanpur: ten people have been arrested in connection with the killing of east midnapores bhagabanpur upapradhan nantu pradhan, who was hacked to death on saturday when he tried to force brackish water into paddy fields to make way for commercial fish ponds (bheris).
saturdays clash and murder has laid bare the fledgling illegal fish farming in agricultural lands along coastal villages in east midnapore that has been on the rise since 2012, like it happened in south 24 parganas in the early ninteies.
local trinamool leader nantu was the key person who took paddy lands on lease and turned them into temporary bheris by letting in saline water through canals.
he lured farmers with lucrative lease fees and used his clout to muzzle voices of dissent.
this money-spinning business proved to be nantus claim to fame.
his family now owns a bed college in bhagabanpur spread over 50 acres and a sprawling bheri at mobarakpur, an office-cum-garage from where he ran the business.
nantu amassed this huge wealth by taking money from village youths promising them jobs, say local villagers.
nantus father chandhari was the panchayat pradhan of the cpm gram panchayat in 2003.
the entire family joined trinamool soon after the change of power in 2011.
nantus wife became pradhan of mohammadpur panchayat, and nantu the upapradhan.
his brother pintu became the public works karmadhyaksha of bhagabanpur block i panchayat samity.
having money and muscle power, nantu became pally with the powers-that-be.
transport minister subhendu adhikary kenew nantu by name and called him a vote master after he played a key role during the sabang assembly bypoll.
according to rules, a farmer has to obtain the panchayats permission to convert farmland into a fish pond.
once he gets the nod, he has to pay rs 5,000/acre as fees to the land department.
he also has to get a no-objection certificate from the owners of agricultural land surrounding the bheri.
the fishery owner then has to build a 50-metre-wide boundary around the bheri and pay compensation to the landowners.
nantu ensured that bheri-owners didnt have to follow rules because the fish farmers didnt want a permanent conversion that would stop them from returning to paddy cultivation.
all this continued for years despite chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjees warning against forcible takeover or conversion of farmland, till it reached a flashpoint on saturday, killing nantu.
suri: twenty-four hours after she applied to withdraw her nomination as the sole opposition contestant in the 42-member birbhum zilla parishad, chitralekha roy resurfaced on friday beside trinamool congress 's district satrap anubrata mondal at the bolpur party office.
prodded by mondal, roy cited family reasons as her reason to withdraw nomination as a bjp candidate and affirmed her allegiance to trinamool congress.
before roy's media interaction began, mondal provided the prelude.
the allegations that she was being pressurized by our party to withdraw her nomination is baseless.
she willingly withdrew her nomination after being inspired by the development initiatives of chief minister mamatabanerjee .
her husband is an active trinamool congress worker.
if she wants to work for our party she is welcome, he said.
roy had defected to the bjp from trinamool congress in january 2018.
mondal then allowed media to ask her questions.
he, however, put a clause that no question could be repeated.
when asked why she withdrew her nomination, roy said, due to some family reason.
when reporters asked her why then she filed her nomination as a bjp candidate, she said, i had some reasons.
roy claimed she wasn't pressurised (to withdraw her nomination) but had willingly done so.
when asked whether she would join trinamool, mondal took the microphone to say she was, she is and she will be in trinamool.
this wasn't all.
two panchayat samiti nominees and four gram panchayat nominees of bjp in mohammad bazar block have also withdrawn nominations.
among 30 bjp supporters who were arrested by police five days ago from the area, six had filed nominations.
six bjp local leaders are in police custody.
ramkrishna roy, the bjp district president, said, i have heard that in police custody our workers are being threatened to withdraw nominations.
abhijit sinha, the district vice president of tmc , denied the allegations saying, bjp leaders are fabricating stories because they know that finally no one will be with them.
if they think so they may go to the court.
police remained unavailable for comments.
a day after the calcutta high court stayed the ongoing panchayat election process in bengal, the state election commission on friday asked officials concerned to refrain from taking any step in connection with the poll process till further instruction.
i am to request you not to take any step connected with the electoral process, including training programme till further instruction, state election commissioner a k singh said in an order.
training of poll officials is being carried out to acquaint them to manage the three-day polls on may 1, 3 and 5.
but reports of threat and intimidation kept pouring amid the confusion.
the opposition parties had earlier questioned the five-day withdrawal process arguing it will lead to the ruling party workers threatening and intimidating opposition candidates to withdraw their nominations.
the west bengal panchayat elections act 2003, however, has a holiday clause in it which has been used here.
saturday and sunday will remain holidays and therefore the three-day withdrawal would complete on monday.
however, the election process has been stayed till april 16.
kolkata: bengal is likely to introduce its three-language policy, with bengali as a compulsory subject, from classes i to viii.
all school boards  madhyamik, cisce, cbse and ib  will come within its ambit.
officials submitted this proposal to state education minister partha chatterjee on friday.
the amendments to the west bengal board of secondary education act, 1963, which may be introduced this assembly session or in the next, are going to be based on the proposal the minister received on friday, a senior official told toi.
schools run by minority institutions like the church of north india (cni) are insulated against any state over-reach under the right of children to free and compulsory education (rte) act, but the state education department is likely to request them to implement its three-language policy with compulsory bengali.
the new law is also likely to make it mandatory for all west bengal board of secondary education (wbbse) schools to have bengali as first language from classes i to viii.
the only exceptions will be schools in areas that are notified under the gorkhaland territorial administration act, where many schools have nepali as their first language.
state education department officials said the proposals would first be vetted by chatterjee and then would, most probably, be placed before chief minister mamatabanerjee before being placed in the state assembly for their enactment into law.
the most important people in the government will be vetting the proposals, given their implications, but what the minister received on friday would form the backbone of the new law, an official said.
officials also indicated that bengali as a compulsory subject would be introduced only in class i in the next academic year.
it will not be started in all classes at one go.
it will be a process of gradual inclusion, indicated an official.
another important point in the set of proposals now on the education minister's table is that bengali will also be a testing subject in all classes from i to viii; this means students will have to appear for bengali examinations, irrespective of whether they choose it as their first, second or third language.
the government is, however, likely to leave it to the boards to decide on the exam modalities.
everything, including whether bengali marks are going to be added to the cumulative, whether passing in bengali will be a must and the frequency of bengali exams, is likely to be decided by the boards.
the state will not impose anything, an education department official said.
the proposals make bengali an optional subject in classes ix and x .
we will leave it to the boards to formulate their policy and bengali will be optional in these two classes.
but schools will have to offer it as a subject if a student opts for it.
we will suggest it can be an extra credit course, which a student may or may not opt for, the official said.
but officials admit they are yet to form a clear opinion on whether the state move to force bengali in the three-language policy in the primary classes will create a legal loophole, given the 2014 supreme court constitution bench verdict.
the ruling states a child and his/her guardians have the right to choose the medium of instruction at the primary-school stage under article 19(1)(a) of the constitution and any move that may affect learning one's mother tongue infringes on a citizen's fundamental rights under articles 19, 29 and 30 of the constitution.
but state officials argued the karnataka government move to make kannada compulsory in all schools fell through in the sc because it was an executive order.
we are not taking the executive order route, we are bringing a bill.
a state can enact a law for education, which is on the concurrent list, said a school education official, though he added that legal interpretations could vary.
the legal aspects will be examined, he added.
kmc's new water reservoir at patuli will start functioning this monthkolkata: the wait is over.
residents of patuli, garia baghajatin and gangulibagan will get the much-awaited filtered water from the middle of this month.
the kolkata municipal corporation ( kmc ) will start supplying filtered water to the residents of these areas, which fall under its four wards , from jai hind water treatment plant at dhapa.
mayor firhad hakim is scheduled to inaugurate an underground and an overhead water reservoirs at patuli on september 12.
after the inauguration, the civic body will supply filtered water to residents in large areas of patuli, kanungo park, srinagar (garia), naktala, gangulibagan, baghajatin and vidyasagar palli where filtered water could not be supplied from dhapa in absence of a proper storage capacity.
according to arup chakraborty, trinamool councillor of ward 110 (patuli area), the water project will take care of the areas where people still depend on ground water this project will not only solve water crisis in gariabaghajatin belt, but also minimize peoples dependence on ground water, chakraborty said.
a kmc water supply department official conceded that the project would be beneficial for the residents of vidyasagar palli,ramgarh and gangulibagan where hepatitis-a had spread in recent times.
shyamal ghosh, a resident of vidyasagar palli, expressed happiness over the supply of filtered water to the area.
his family members were tested positive for hepatitis-a.
prodded by the chief minister mamatabanerjee , hakim took up a project for construction of underground and overhead reservoirs at patuli 18 months ago.
as the project suffered funds crunch midway, the civic authorities pumped in funds on war-footing so that the project could meet the deadline.
debasish mukherjee, the rsp councillor representing hepatitis-hit ramgarh and vidyasagar palli areas, expressed satisfaction over the civic body's decision to supply filtered water.
it is indeed a matter of satisfaction that the residents of large areas of garia--baghajatin belt will now get filtered water.
but we need to have sufficient amount of water from dhapa to replace the use of ground water, mukherjee saida kmc water supply department official said that around 2 million gallons of water would be supplied to these areas from next week.
bipasha pal, a teacher and a resident of gangulibagan, said the supply of filtered water would reduce her monthly expenditure as the family has been buying packaged drinking water.
mamata mamatabanerjee (file photo)kolkata: chief minister mamatabanerjee on monday lashed out at the bjp-led central government for tax notice issued to the durga puja committees forum, an apex body of the worship organisers in the state.
she argued that the 'puja committees' must not be put under the income tax net.
accusing the bjp of doing politics in the name of hindu religion during elections, the chief minister rued that the same people were seeking to tax durga puja organisers after the polling.
during the elections, they (the bjp) talk of the hindu religion and then they try to collect income tax from organisers of the durga puja, the greatest festival of the hindus.
this is not right, said mamatabanerjee banerjee.
the bjp is perceived in the state to be trying to gain control of the well-known durga puja committees in a bid to reach out to more people.
the income tax notice to the durga puja committees forum was reportedly sent last week.
the chief minister argued the puja committees in the state organise durga puja with donations from the common people and the sponsors, and accordingly, cannot be brought under the income tax net.
she said the festival is a social function and not a commercial one while the government too has some social obligations.
the durga puja committees collect donations from common people and also seek sponsors to organise the 'pujas'.
they don't do it from their earnings.
so, where is the question of filing it returns?
she asked.
i condemn this attitude of the centre to bring puja committees under the income tax net.
this is an insult to the pujas.
this is not a commercial function but a social one and the government has social obligations.
we have a social compulsion towards the society, said banerjee.
the forum, which comprises durga puja committees, has been asked by the income tax department to file returns on its expenses during the festival.
the durga puja committees also generate thousands of employment opportunities during this time.
i feel so bad the manner in which they are being harassed by the it department.
i feel devastated, said the chief minister.
this story is from february 9, 2019cm mamatabanerjee , mukesh ambani and amit mitra at bgbs on fridaydp world may bid for tajpur deep-sea port projectdownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
kolkata: after hyderabad, bengal may become the second destination in the country for swedish home furnishings giant ikea.
this high-profile investment proposal by the 38 billion euro (rs 3 lakh crore) global major was disclosed by state finance and industries minister amit mitra on friday.
ikea had set up its first store in india in hyderabad in august 2018.
their top-ranking officials attended the summit this time.
unless they had taken a decision, top officials would not have been here, mitra said, hinting that ikea will set up a store in the state.
ikeas country property manager david mccausland, in his address on friday, said the company would invest in the state.
the second day of the bengal global business summit also saw another swedish major, dp world (dubai port world), a leading port operator in the world, evincing interest in tajpur deep sea project if implemented on private-public partnership basis.
mitra indicated that the swedish furnishings major is scouting for land in the state.
as far as i know they would look for land with proper connectivity.
they will choose land which is in tune with their business philosophy, he added.
the minister had earlier said ikea may make bengal one of its procurement hubs in india for its worldwide operations.
ikea india project leader (new business development) ritesh singh, when he was in the city last year, had indicated that west bengal featured in its procurement plan from india.
the company was planning to procure bamboo and natural fibre from india.
mitra also added that dp world is keen to participate in tajpur deep sea port.
if there is bidding for partner then it would bid for that, he said.
jibu kurien itty, the ceo of dp world, had participated in bgbs.
dp world has already announced to revive the project of setting up a container port terminal in kulpi with an estimated investment of rs 3,000 crore.
incidentally, dp world has 74  stake in the special purpose vehicle for this while keventer has 21  and wbidc has 5 .
chennai: award selections have often come under a cloud on charges that they are 'bought' by the rich and the mighty.
viduthalai chiruthaigal katchi leader thol thirumavalavan is set to rewrite the script by giving two awards to politicians as a probable prelude to poll pacts for the 2019 lok sabha and likely assembly elections.
with a view to achieving this goal, thirumavalavan has chosen tncc chief thirunavukkarasar and kerala chief minister pinarayi k vijayan for the annual awards instituted by his party and named after kamaraj and ambedkar.
the inference is that all is not well in the dmk front.
thirumavalavan could be apprehensive that - going by the experience in the 2016 assembly election - the dmk may not be keen on retaining his party in the front.
he is seeking to firm up his position by hanging on to the congress and the cpm.
west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjee's telephonic conversation with dmk working president m k stalin and telangana chief minister k chandrashekhar rao 's visit to the dmk leader's house have unsettled the congress and other allies as both the cms are proponents of a third/federal front.
neither rao nor stalin talked about a possible alliance though.
thirumavalavan on saturday announced the recipients of the party's annual awards.
he said vijayan had accepted his invitation to be in chennai for receiving the honour on may 15.
vijayan will be conferred ambedkar award for appointing non-brahmins as archakas in temples under the travancore devaswom board, while thirunavukkarasar is being feted for nominating three dalit leaders as district congress presidents.
thirumavalavan, at present an ally of the dmk, had earlier this week called on congress president rahul gandhi and cpm general secretary sitaram yechury to stress the need for a congress-left front to take on the bjp.
the meetings surprised the dmk leadership as it came through without their knowledge.
i will also meet rao, if needed, to request him not to have an alliance without congress, thirumavalavan told toi.
you cannot have a secular front without congress.
the combination should have constituents like the dmk, left parties and the vck.
i don't think even the dmk will take a decision without the congress.
the cpm has to take the initiative of bringing together the secular and democratic forces, including the congress, he said.
his view is that the regional parties are in no position to unseat the congress or the bjp.
with the dmk and the aiadmk shutting doors on the vck, the party had chosen to join people's welfare front in the 2016 assembly elections.
none of the constituents of the front could win a seat and the front fell apart like a pack of cards in no time.
analysts felt the vck votes did not transfer to other parties and in many constituencies non-dalit votes got consolidated against the front owing to the vck's presence in it.
since this is a view that the dmk too held in the run up to the 2016 polls, the vck's concerns are palpable.
dgp of state police virendra met governor of west bengal jagdeep dhankhar at raj bhavan in kolkatakolkata: director general of state police (dgp) virendra met governor of west bengal jagdeep dhankhar at raj bhavan, kolkata at 11 am on tuesday.
dg virendra briefed the governor in the one hour meeting on the law and order situation in bhatpara, 24 parganas (north) and in the state.
the meeting between the two lasted for one hour.
the former trinamool congress leader, arjun singh, switched camp to the bjp and managed a slim margin-win over his opponent dinesh trivedi of the trinamool at barrackpore parliamentary constituency.
recently, singh suffered head injuries in the clashes between bjp and trinamool supporters that broke out on sunday  after a few weeks lull  in the trouble-torn bhatpara-jagaddal belt in north 24 parganas, about 40km from kolkata.
as per the sources, the trouble started, when the trinamool supporters allegedly captured a bjp office at shyamnagar, prompting police to lathicharge, use teargas shells and fire in the air.
singh claimed he got injured in the police lathicharge  specifically by barrackpore police commissioner manoj vermas baton  when he and his supporters were on a peaceful agitation.
bjp has called a 12-hour barrackpore bandh on monday and announced a statewide protest plan.
singh is a former four-time trinamool mla, who shifted to bjp before the lok sabha elections earlier this year and defeated heavyweight dinesh triverdi in a close-fought contest.
bjp leader mukul roy apprised prime minister narendra modi and union home minister amit shah about the incident, demanding a cbi enquiry.
trouble started brewing when bjp supporters, led by singh and his son pawan, were attending a blood-donation camp at mohanpur.
singhs supporters pulled down trinamool festoons and images of chief minister mamatabanerjee .
singhs supporters were also engaged in brick-throwing, some said.
the party office, which was recaptured by trinamool supporters, had been taken over, allegedly by bjp workers, soon after singhs lok sabha victory.
bharati ghosh's security personnel seen reloading their guns at dogachhiadownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
kolkata: central forces opened fire in at least two places to disperse mobs blocking voters and bjps ghatal candidate bharati ghosh from entering polling booths as the vote juggernaut rolled into south bengals agrarian districts on sunday.
the highlight of the day was the barricading of bharati, the former sp of west midnapore  first inside a kali temple and then inside keshpur police station  to escape mob fury.
later, an fir was filed against her and her guards for attempt to murder after it was alleged the guards opened fire, injuring a villager.
guns and bombs, bricks and lathis dominated the election scene, particularly in two lok sabha constituencies, ghatal and midnapore.
the bjp has mounted a spirited challenge to trinamools organisational might in particularly these constituencies.
the party chose to field bharati, the former west midnapore sp who fell out of favour with the chief minister, from ghatal, while state party chief dilip ghosh is the candidate from midnapore.
deputy ec sudeep jain is expected to reach kolkata on monday after the election commission acknowledged two instances of firing at dogachhia in keshpur and moina in tamluk.
adg (law and order) s n gupta acknowledged reports of firing at five places: sabang in midnapore constituency, keshpur in ghatal, moina in taml-uk, gopiballavpur in jhargram and kalabagan in bishnupur.
the overall turnout was high, even in the face of violence.
the lowest turnout of the eight constituencies that went to the polls was at bankura (75.
7 ), and the highest was at tamluk (83 ).
all this happened hours after a bjp booth president from jhargram, ramen singh, was hacked to death on saturday night, allegedly by trinamool supporters.
through the day, clashes and disruptions were also reported from contai, jhargram and purulia.
there were several instances of violence.
as many as 26 men were seriously injured, several needing hospital transfers to kolkata.
but the most dramatic events of the day happened in keshpur, a part of the west midnapore district, noted for political violence since the 1990s.
and both involved ghatal bjp candidate bharati.
the first incident occurred around 9.
20am, when bharati was at keshpurs dogachhia village.
a verbal spat between her and trinamool supporters soon escalated into a scuffle, prompting a woman to lunge at her.
a lathi-charge by her security to disperse the mob and retaliatory stone-pelting from the other end left one of her security guards injured.
this was followed by the sound of four rounds of firing.
villagers alleged cisf personnel accompanying her opened fire, a charge the latter denied.
but the fact remains that 39-year-old baktiyar khan sustained a bullet injury on his forearm.
he lodged a complaint against bharati with ec and police.
later, based on his complaint, an fir was lodged against her and her security guards on an attempt-to-murder charge.
the ec, too, ordered an fir against her for getting armed guards within 100 metres of a booth.
the west midnapore police started questioning the cisf jawan who was seen reloading his weapon.
bharati and her entourage fled the spot and reached keshpur town, less than 3km away, around 11am.
she found herself mobbed by trinamool supporters when she went to the keshpur primary school polling booth opposite keshpur police station, with her opponents accusing her of fomenting trouble.
local administration officials entered the scene, charging her with travelling in an unauthorised vehicle, and proceeded to seize the car.
several hundred people had gathered by that time and bharati and her security phalanx, sensing trouble, entered a nearby kali temple as bengal cops tried to beat back the mob.
several minutes of intense brickbatting later, cops decided to get bharati into the police station.
they did that, shielding the bjp candidate from the mob, but she found herself barricaded inside the police station till late in the afternoon as the mob attacked the police station itself.
officials blamed her unpopular stint as the sp of west midnapore for the crowds refusal to let her go.
she was then intercepted twice, one on the highway to midnapore and then before entering the town, by police who wanted to question her, and her security, for the firing incident.
she had her guards were treated at the midnapore medical college hospital.
the other incidents of central forces allegedly opening fire were reported from sabang, moyna, gopiballavpur and kalabagan.
the ec has sought a detailed report in all these incidents.
bjp state president dilip ghosh also faced the brunt of protests and attack when he went to visit the rampura high school in mohanpur to inquire into reports of polling agents being chased away.
he was barricaded by trinamool supporters, forcing him to take refuge in a local temple.
the car belonging to his security officers was damaged before police escorted him out to safety.
the sporadic incidents prompted the ruling trinamool, including chief minister mamatabanerjee , to vent their ire, saying central forces had no right to coerce or intimidate voters.
trinamool also complained that the forces were attempting to coax voters to vote for bjp.
a total 16 people were arrested.
we have received reports of central forces firing in five different instances.
the matter will be probed, said adg gupta.
kolkata/tarakeswar: the tuber in your daily diet costs rs 5 more a kilogram than it was last year.
experts tracking the price movement of potatoes say the possibility of a slide in the rates seems thin.
instead, it is likely to stay high for at least the next five months because bengal has optimal yield this year and it didnt turn out to be a bumper crop that often pulls down the price.
asurvey of the city markets  gariahat market, lake market and maniktala market  on wednesday shows the tuber prices vary between rs 14 and rs 16 a kg, depending on the variety, s1, jyoti and chandramukhi.
but farmers have made a killing this time, the best in the last eight years, with farm prices at tarakeswar going rs 8-9 a kg on monday, at least 2.
5 times more than the rs 3.
30-rs 3.
60 a kg rate last year.
accordingly, the wholesale prices stood at rs 500 for a packet for 50 kg, which comes down to rs 10 a kg.
the surge in potato prices has an economics and perhaps a dose of politics behind it.
the untimely rain after the onset of winter took its toll on production, bringing the yield down to 100 lakh ton, 15 lakh ton less than 115 lakh ton last year.
moreover, 90  of the states aggregate storage capacity was full by monday.
traders collected potato packets from farms early.
according to the agriculture department, the state consumes 5 lakh ton potato a month, the annual consumption being 60 lakh ton.
of the 100 lakh ton yield, about 63 lakh ton have already reached the 453 cold storages in the state, leaving about 20 lakh ton in farms.
a chunk of these potatoes may go outside bengal to up and punjab the other part is political.
with the panchayat polls being round the corner, chief minister mamatabanerjee is keen to see farmers get a good price.
she is keeping a tab on the potato prices and farm prices.
but a cold storage owner doesnt see the surge in potato prices as a reflection of demand and supply.
farm price for potato  rs 500 for a 50kg packet  is arbitrary.
it was fixed without going into the economics.
the trinamoolrun panchayats spread the rates ahead of the polls.
the farm price and consequent wholesale and retail prices need correction.
the government committee doesnt seem interested, a cold storage owner said.
refuting the charge, pradip majumdar , agriculture adviser to cm, cited at least three factors behind the surge: the production is optimal this year.
there is a slump in supply from punjab and up that added to the overproduction problem last year.
traders took the initiative to buy potatoes they couldnt in 2017 after demonetisation.
presidency universitydownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
kolkata: chief minister mamatabanerjee inaugurated presidency universitys second campus at rajarhat on monday.
classes will begin on the sprawling campus  with two 14-storeyed academic and administrative towers, including hostels, spread over a 10-acre plot  from the 2019-2020 academic session, in july/august.
the chief minister, during her address, said she expected students seeking to pursue higher education in various divergent emerging fields to find a new destination in the second campus.
she also expressed hope that more students would now be encouraged to pursue higher education in the state.
cyber crime is now a vast area.
it is sometimes even graver than physical crime.
the university has decided to introduce post-masters and research-oriented programmes on the rajarhat campus.
it will be the first in bengal to offer seven unique schools of study, boosting interdisciplinary courses.
the seven schools will be school of informatics, with special emphasis on cyber-security and criminology; school of biotechnology; school of astrophysics; school of public policy; school of earth science; school of value science; and school of comparative literature.
the school of informatics will have supercomputing facilities so that interdisciplinary subjects, such as astrophysics, biotechnology, climate change and other natural sciences and maths, can be studied together for research.
specialization will be offered in cyber security and criminology, said vice-chancellor anuradha lohia.
the school of astrophysics will have a 14-inch teaching and training telescope to be used by students for research.
we are looking to introduce certificate courses, diplomas, post-msc courses, lohia said.
earth sciences will be a collaboration among geological sciences, geography and statistics to focus on environmental issues and disaster management.
biotechnology school will focus on training manpower post-msc.
initially, we will focus on crop biotechnology, where superior seeds can be generated, the vc said.
the school of comparative literature will focus on the literature of regional languages of india, mostly of southern and the northeastern states.
the school of value science will teach palliative care for the elderly.
the first school to open will be the one teaching biotechnology.
kolkata: two premier institutes in the city  calcutta university (cu) and jdavpur university (ju)  have been handed over plots in rajarhat by the state for their new campuses.
the varsities have also been allotted rs 100 crore each, as promised by chief minister mamatabanerjee in january.
cu has decided to set up an integrated science and technology campus on the land.
we propose to initiate innovative research on the allotted new land and the campus will be solely dedicated for advance studies.
the decision to start new courses or other allied subjects of excellence will be decided by the respective deans of science and technology, said vicechancellor sonali chakraborti bandyopadhyay cu authorities are interested to do interdisciplinary research in the new campus.
we have always had a space constraint that will be solved.
moreover, path-breaking research can be conducted, high-end laboratories can be set up and modern apparatus for experiments can be purchased.
moreover, facility upgrade is the main aim in the next campus where more specimen can be preserved, said a senior science faculty member of cu.
the syndicate will take call on the departments to be shifted there.
ju vice-chancellor suranjan das, on the other hand, has decided to set up a committee of stakeholders to decide on what is to be done on the fourth campus.
expansion scope does not exist on the old campus.
thus, the new campus has the scope for housing future programmes based on excellence of university.
also, departments that have acute space crunch could be shifted to rajarhat and major future projects that will be bagged by ju too may find space, said a senior engineering faculty teacher.
both the varisities will submit the detailed project report soon.
this story is from january 6, 2019west bengal bjp chief dilip ghosh wished west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee sound health and success i.
.
.
read moredownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
kolkata: bengal bjp president dilip ghosh wished chief minister mamatabanerjee good health on her birthday on saturday, and a 'prime ministerial wish' for good measure.
i wish her sound health and success in life.
she is bengal's face.
if anyone from bengal gets to become prime minister, that would be mamata.
jyoti babu missed the chance by a whisker.
his party didn't let him become pm.
we had pranab mukherjee as president of india, gho-sh said, springing a surprise on bengal's political circles.
a cursory look at the official twitter handle of ghosh - who usually doesn't spend a day forgetting to swear at the chief minister - revealed that the bengal bjp president went hammer and tongs against the mamatabanerjee government on several issues, such as the cm hiding facts on the centre's support to various schemes running in bengal, namely fasal bima for farmers and her announcing doles of rs 5,000 for each farmer ahead of the lok sabha polls.
naturally, ghosh's birthday message on mamatabanerjee completing 64 went viral on social media.
politicians read ghosh's comment as something more than political courtesy.
leader of opposition in the west bengal assembly and congress leader, abdul mannan, put it straight.
such a statement coming from none other than the bjp state president is by itself an admission that narendra modi is on his way out.
bjp is thus working on a plan b to find out another face from nitin gadkari or rajnath singh with the support of bjp's b-team members, namely mamatabanerjee , chandrababu naidu and k chandrasekhar rao, mannan said.
such speculation was also doing the rounds in business circles.
state bjp leaders fumbl-ed for a response to ghosh's message.
while a few tried to make light of the controversy, saying it was a birthday wish, others wondered why the fiery leader had to comm-ent on banerjee's prospects of becoming pm, and later substantiate it citing the instance of jyoti basu when battlelines have been drawn for the lok sabha elections.
dilip ghosh sent the message as a political courtesy because mamatabanerjee is the seniormost politician in bengal after biman bose .
one should not read too much into the comment because bjp is opposed to trinamool's policies, said bjp's bengal general secretary sayantan basu.
union minister anurag thakur (credits: bccl/ranjit kumar)new delhi: union minister anurag thakur on friday slammed west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee for her comment on chandrayaan-2 mission saying, the people who want to think negatively are free to think that way.
the people who want to think negatively are free to think that way.
i wonder whether the people, who find the achievement of chandrayaan too small, even think about the interests of india, he told ani.
should not we congratulate our scientists, the government and our prime minister on such a big day (landing of chandrayaan-2 on the moon)?
he said.
the bjp leader said that the chandrayaan-2 mission was an achievement of 130 crore indians.
earlier in the day, mamatabanerjee had attacked the government saying that the mission's launch is an attempt to divert attention from 'economic disaster.
'as if the chandrayaan launch is the first in the country, as if before they came to power, no such missions were taken up.
it is an attempt to divert attention from economic disaster, she said in the state assembly.
once 'vikram' module of chandrayaan 2 makes a soft landing on the moon on early saturday, india will become the fourth country after the us, russia , and china to achieve the feat and the first country to land its mission on the south pole of the moon.
kolkata: the transport department on friday published the new fare table through a gazette notification.
the new fare will be effective from june 11, 2017.
from monday, a commuter needs to pay at least rs 7 in omni buses, rs 8 in special and mini buses and rs 30 in yellow cabs.
the decision was taken on wednesday after chief minister mamatabanerjee met bus operators, who had threatened to cripple the service following abnormal diesel price rise.
the re 1 hike per stage amounts to a 16.
5  rise in fare.
the transport department officers started calculating fare and prepared the chart, which was finally approved by transport minister suvendu adhikari on friday evening.
in ordinary buses, a commuter needs to pay rs 7 for up to 4km and rs 9 from 4km to 9km.
the fare will increase by re 1 in every 4km.
in case of special or mini buses, the rise will be re 1 for every 3km.
in taxies, up to 2 km the new fare will be rs 30.
thereafter, for every 200meters (.
2 km), the increase will be rs 3.
that apart, an additional charge of rs 5 will be levied if the customer is carrying a luggage.
now, the waiting charge for every 2 minutes 12 seconds has been pegged at rs 2.
for air-conditioned meter-taxi, the proposed rates will be additional 25  on the rates proposed for yellow taxi meter.
new delhi: west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee tuesday excused herself from the scheduled meeting of prime minister narendra modi with political party chiefs here on wednesday, while asking the government to prepare a white paper on 'one nation, one election' instead of doing it hurriedly.
modi has invited heads of all parties who have an mp either in lok sabha or rajya sabha for a meeting on june 19 to discuss several issues including the one nation, one election idea, celebration of the 75 years of independence in 2022 and 150 years of mahatma gandhi's birth anniversary this year.
it will be followed by a dinner-meeting with all mps on june 20.
a proper response on such a sensitive and serious subject like the one country, one election in such a short time would not do justice to the subject it deserves.
the matter requires consultations with constitutional experts, election experts and above all the party members.
instead of doing the matter hurriedly, i would request you to kindly circulate a white paper on the subject to all political parties inviting their views by providing adequate time.
if you only do so, we will be able to give concrete suggestions on this important subject, she wrote.
she further stated that regarding the development of aspirational districts, her part trinamool congress had already conveyed that they are not in support of selection of a few districts as it would not conform to the overall objectives of achieving balanced and uniform development of all the districts of the state.
our state is committed to ensuring social and economic development of all districts uniformly so that regional imbalances do not rise, she said.
she also said that she and her party would participate wholeheartedly in the 75 years of independence in 2022 and 150 years of mahatma gandhi's birth anniversary this year but stated that the issue regarding ways to improve the productivity of parliament was a matter of the lower house and should be dealt with by the concerned ministry.
banerjee had also skipped the niti ayog meeting last week.
kolkata: kids, who study in bengal should learn bengali , feel school principles, echoing the sentiment voiced by chief minister mamatabanerjee and education minister partha chatterjee .
but they want the state to hold itself back from going the whole hog and forcing students to study three languages till class x.i am all for teaching bengali from day 1.
my only request to the authorities is to not push it beyond class viii.
if students have to grapple with three languages in classes ix and x, it will affect their performance in other subjects at the board exams.
that will be unfortunate.
students of bengal shouldn't be handicapped by a well-meaning policy, said john bagul, principal of south city international school, affiliated to cisce and offers english as first language, a choice of either hindi or bengali as second and french as third language from class i. it has tweaked the subjects from this year, introducing the third language from class iii, giving students a choice of bengali, hindi, french or chinese.
institutions, such as loreto house college and st xavier's college, go through the academic performance of students from classes ix to xii for admissions.
so, the concern of the burden of a third language.
principals hope they would be consulted before the state decides whether to introduce bengali as a compulsory third language from class i or from class v. devi kar, director of cisce-affiliated modern high, conceded the subject from class i would be a burden.
but she added, a child growing up in bengal should know the language.
it's fine to start it even a bit earlier, said kar, adding it shouldn't be taught beyond class viii.
however, cbse school principals are wary about bengali from class i as a large number of their students join or leave schools midway owing to their parents' transferrable jobs.
most of our students have bengali or hindi as second language.
in class vi, we offer bengali, hindi and sanskrit as choice and then, go back to two languages in classes ix-x.
we known of kids, who studied bengali, but faced problems when their parents got transferred to karnataka or tamil nadu, said bijaya chaudhuri of bd memorial.
at heritage, which has both icse and ib, most students opt for hindi as the second language as they want to shift out of bengal later.
principal seema sapru said introducing bengali was a good initiative but added kids would be interested if the language was made more contemporary, like hindi now.
this story is from february 7, 2019download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
siliguri: taking a cue from west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjees satyagraha against the centre, siliguri mayor and cpm leader asok bhattacharya will go on a dharna at kolkatas metro channel.
alleging fund discrimination by the state against siliguri municipal corporation (smc), the former urban development minister plans to use banerjees political vendetta weapon against her government.
the mamatabanerjee government is denying funds to siliguri municipal corporation on political grounds.
i have been raising the issue for long and have tried to take it up with the government in the interest of siliguri residents.
i have, thus, decided to come to kolkata with all my councillors and stage a dharna in the heart of the city, he said.
citing the 2019-20 state budget papers, he said: the urban development and municipal affairs department is denying smc proportionate fund flow despite the increased allocation of rs 10,930 crore.
he said smc had not got its share of central fund transfers and grants-in-aid to the state.
municipal bodies are part of the three-tier government in the state.
the 14th finance commission has transferred funds to states to meet the revenue deficit, undertake disaster relief and support local bodies.
bhattacharyas charges are similar to those levelled by mamatabanerjee against the narendra modi government.
this story is from february 11, 2019senior bjp leader mukul roy (toi file photo)make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
fulbari (nadia): senior bjp leader mukul roy was on sunday named in the fir as one of the accused in saturday's murder of krishanganj trinamool mla satyajit biswas in fulbari, opening a fresh front in the trinamool-bjp war of words in bengal.
roy, once the no.
2 person in trinamool until he left the party for bjp in november 2017, is heading his party's election campaign strategy in bengal.
he is one of the four persons against whom sections 302 ipc (murder) and 120b (criminal conspiracy) of the ipc have been slapped.
the other three are locals - sujit mondal, kartik mondal and abhijeet pundari.
sujit and kartik were arrested early on sunday and remanded in 14 days' police custody.
abhijeet is on the run.
biswas was shot dead just as he came down from a saraswati puja pandal dais.
witnesses said three people surrounded him, and one of them fired at him from point blank range, killing him on the spot.
trinamool accused bjp of masterminding the attack but bjp blamed an intra-party trinamool feud.
on sunday, a country-made gun - possibly the murder weapon - was recovered from the spot and sent for forensic tests.
the bengal government on sunday suspended biswas's personal bodyguard, probhas mondal - who had taken saturday off - and the officer-incharge of the local hanskhali police station, anindya bose, who did not arrange a replacement, even after knowing that the mla's bodyguard was unavailable for the day.
the two were charged with dereliction of duty and a departmental inquiry has been started against them.
according to cid sources, probhas had called up in the morning to say that he would be on a day's leave, but the oc did not take any steps.
locals claimed that the killers had full knowledge of this.
the state cid is also probing how the programme - attended by the entire nadia tmc leadership and a state minister - suffered at least 11 power cuts.
immediately after the murder, trinamool had stepped up the heat on roy.
the party's nadia president, gouri shankar dutta, blamed roy for conspiring to kill biswas, even citing the matua factor as a reason.
biswas, a leader from the influential matua community, had been resisting bjp in the belt, dutta claimed.
on sunday, urban development minister firhad hakim reiterated this charge.
senior state minister partha chatterjee, who rushed to nadia early in the morning, said: we demand the perpetrators and the conspirators of this murder be arrested.
cm mamatabanerjee herself called up biswas's wife rupali and promised her strong action.
rupali told police that her husband had been anxious about a local who had recently switched to bjp from trinamool.
roy was quick to dismiss the charges against him as politically motivated and claimed he was ready to face an independent inquiry.
roy, however, claimed he wouldn't immediately seek anticipatory bail, since there was a stay order on his arrest by calcutta hc till february 15.
the stage where biswas was gunned down was a few hundred metres from biswas's home.
locals claimed they had spotted sujit, kartik and abhijeet fleeing the spot after the gunshot was heard.
west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjeekolkata: the much awaited hindi university bill, to establish a hindi university in the state, was passed in the state assembly on thursday.
the university to be established in howrah would become functional in two years time.
we have contributed a lot in the field of education.
another gandhi university is coming up in tamluk.
we have already acquired land in howrah and the university will also come up within a short period.
we are trying to establish a university in alchiki language so that the santhali students can study in alchiki language, she added.
answering a question raised by cpm mla ali imran ramz , state education minister partha chatterjee said, it is true that there is scope of development for urdu speaking students and we are trying to develop it.
once the university comes up we will be concentrating on the undergraduate, secondary and higher secondary curriculum so that more students come to this university to study.
chief minister mamatabanerjee had laid the foundation stone of the university at arupara in howrah in march this year.
this story is from february 4, 2019bjp supporters protest at the dms bungalow in balurghatdownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
balurghat/raiganj: uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanaths first public meetings in bengal ran into rough weather on sunday after his chopper was refused a landing nod .
adityanath, who was to headline rallies in raiganj and balurghat in north bengal, did not fly out after he learnt that permission had been denied, and was forced to address the crowds over telephone.
adityanath lashed out at the anti-people state government, warning the mamatabanerjee government that its days were numbered.
the state government official contention was that the up government had not send it any official communiqu on its chief ministers arrival in bengal, which is why it did not give permission from giving its consent.
bjp countered this saying the up chief minister was in bengal as a party leader to attend party programmes.
the party had sought for permission long back, the bjp said.
the incident triggered a fresh war of words, with the bjp saying the bengal governments denial of permission was a glaring case of undemocratic and fascist behaviour.
union minister and senior party leader ravi shankar prasad said his party would urge the election commission to take note since adityanath, the chief minister of the most populated state, was not allowed to hold public meetings in bengal.
it is deeply regrettable and condemnable and true to the undemocratic record of mamatabanerjee ji and tmc.
it is a glaring case of undemocratic and fascist behaviour.
the only reason behind preventing adityanaths chopper from landing is panic and a sense of fear as bengalis are yearning for change, he said.
in this state rohingyas can come, infiltrators are also welcome.
but prime minister, chief minister or the president of the largest party ( amit shah ) are not allowed, said state bjp president dilip ghosh, who was also supposed to address the rallies.
at balurghat, angry bjp supporters agitated before the district magistrates bungalow and even burnt an effigy of chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjee.
a fuming adityanath minced no words.
the state government is nervous and didnt allow me in bengal.
this state is anti-government and indulges in anti-national activities, he said.
this tmc government is anti-people, anti-democratic and has compromised with national security, adityanath said, addressing the rally via audio link.
mamata mamatabanerjee should remember that she cannot misuse the government and its agencies in the state.
it is shameful that government officials are acting as tmc cadres in the state, he added.
bjp north bengal convener rathindranath bose said about the balurghat rally: we had submitted all requisite papers seeking permission three days back.
at raiganj, bjp leaders were still hopeful that yogi would arrive there, landing at the bsf helipad.
but the enthusiasm did not last long.
around 2.
30pm, it was learnt that yogi was not coming there as well.
file: raj thackeray.
toimumbai: maharashtra navnirman sena chief raj thackeray is set to appear before the enforcement directorate ( ed ) here on thursday in response to the central agency's notice to him regarding a probe into il&fs scam.
an mns worker allegedly committed suicide in neighboring thane, and the party claimed on wednesday that he took the step because he was upset by the ed's notice to its leader.
reacting to the ed's summons to raj, his estranged cousin and shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray, in an intriguing comment, said he did not expect any solid outcome.
the sena is partner of the ruling bjp at the centre and in maharashtra.
i do not expect any solid outcome from the inquiry, uddhav told reporters in a terse reply.
thane police said that no suicide note was found from the house of mns worker pravin chowgule (27), who allegedly set himself on fire on tuesday night, but raj thackeray, in a statement on twitter, said he took the extreme step.
.
.
after getting perturbed by the news of ed sending me a notice.
earlier raj had said he had faced such notices from government agencies and courts in the past and honoured them and he was going to honour the ed notice too.
i have been through such cases earlier as well and i will come out of it, he said on wednesday.
even as raj appealed to his workers to maintain peace, police served notices under section 149 of the code of criminal procedure to mns activists and functionaries in mumbai, thane and other cities of maharashtra where the party has influence.
as there is a possibility of law and order issue in the view of raj thackeray's inquiry by the ed, we have given notices to mns leaders and members, he said.
section 149 empowers police to prevent cognisable offences (the offences where police can arrest without warrant).
raj has been summoned by the ed in connection with its probe into the alleged irregularities relating to loans and equity investment worth over rs 450 crore by il&fs in kohinoor ctnl infrastructure company.
the firm was founded by former maharashtra chief minister and shiv sena leader manohar joshi's son unmesh, raj thackeray and raj's close aide and builder rajan shirodkar to purchase and develop the land of the defunct kohinoor mill.
raj reportedly sold off his stake in 2008.
unmesh has been questioned by the ed for three days since august 19.
opposition parties, including the congress and the ncp, have rallied behind raj, terming the ed notice a vendetta politics by the ruling bjp.
raj had held several rallies ahead of the lok sabha elections targeting prime minister narendra modi and the bjp-led government in maharashtra.
he, however, had spared sena from any direct criticism.
he recently also met congress leader sonia gandhi and west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee to muster support for his demand that electronic voting machines should not be used for polling.
a man with his mother came to nrs for the treatmentdownload the times of india news app for latest citykolkata: health services in west bengal remained partially disrupted and state-run hospitals wore a deserted look on sunday morning as the doctors strike entered its sixth day.
sunday being a holiday, the out-patient departments remained closed and the number of patients waiting outside hospitals or visiting the emergency wards was also low.
the emergency services, however, functioned normally.
the striking doctors across hospitals were looking forward to a general body meeting to be held at the nrs medical college and hospital, the epicentre of the protests.
the meeting, which will decide the next course of action, will also be attended by representatives of other hospitals participating in the strike.
according to informed sources, the protesting doctors are probably looking for a scope of discussion to end the stalemate.
on friday night, the striking doctors rejected chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjee's proposal for talks at the state secretariat, instead asking her to come down to nrs hospital.
west bengal governor keshari nath tripathi wrote to mamatabanerjee advising her to take immediate steps to provide security to the doctors and asking her to take them into confidence.
she responded saying that the government was taking required action.
the protest is not just about cctv, armed security and iron gates.
as a doctor, i know the difficulties faced by doctors due to lack of infrastructure at these hospitals, said sayantan bandopadhyay.
bandopadhyay is relative of doctor paribaha mukherjee, who was attacked up by the kin of a 75-year-old patient who died, allegedly of medical negligence, at nrs hospital late on monday night.
the attack triggered off the strike by the doctors that has since brought medical services in the state to a standstill.
i appeal the doctors to resume their work as i don't want innocent patients to die, said mohammed shabir, a relative of the deceased patient.
kolkata: trinamool congress chief mamatabanerjee on thursday directed her party mlas not to yield even an inch of political space to the bjp and take up programmes to counter bjp's activities in their respective areas.
party source said during the closed door meeting, mamatabanerjee stressed the need to effectively counter the bjp in every constituency in the run-up to the 2021 assembly polls.
don't yield even an inch of space to the bjp.
if the bjp takes up any programme in your area, take up a programme the very next day to counter it, a source quoted her as saying.
she asked the lawmakers to form four-member teams in every area so as to remain updated about the developments there, as also the grievances among the people.
the team should comprise two booth-level workers, one social media activist and a district level functionary.
the party would prepare a data-base of such team members with their photos and telephone numbers.
the party higher-ups would directly get in touch with the team to know developments in the constituency, including grievances and misgivings of the voters, she said.
banerjee said the district leaders should not come to kolkata all the time, but instead stay rooted in their districts in order to establish good mass contacts.
spend more time in local tea stalls to understand the people's pulse.
try to devise novel ways of mass contact, she said.
banerjee has been devoting much more time to the party organisation since the lok sabha elections , where her party suffered serious setbacks.
its seat tally came down to 22 from 34, while the bjp came up with a stunning performance bagging 18 seats.
the saffron outfit had won only two seats in 2014.
in the aftermath of the polls, there has been a steady stream of defections from the trinamool to the bjp, with a number of lawmakers, councillors and panchayat level functionaries leaving the state's ruling party.
in recent weeks, mamatabanerjee has met leaders of a number of districts, particularly from those areas where the bjp tasted success.
file photonew delhi: every party in the country has stood on parivarwad (politics of family/dynasty), but the bjp is a party of workers where common activists pasting posters on walls or selling tea have reached to the top position, its working president j p nadda said friday.
nadda said the party has formed government in 17 states and the next aim was to come to power in the west bengal.
lauding union home minister amit shah on abrogation of article 370, nadda said: shah decimated article 370 just in a days debate, freeing jammu & kashmir's 70 years ordeal.
addressing the bjps shakti kendra-cum-booth level workers convention here, nadda accused other political parties of laying their foundations on politics of family and dynasty while the bjp gives opportunity to every worker of the party to grow.
every party in the country has stood on parivarwad (politics of family/dynasty).
but bjp is a party of workers.
common workers who have put posters (on walls), held flags and sold tea have reached to the top now, he said.
though he did not take any names, he alluded to prime minister narendra modi and union home minister amit shah, having a humble beginning in politics.
nadda expressed gladness at seven crore members being added to the party during the ongoing membership drive, taking the total count to 18 crore in the country.
the bjp has formed governments in 17 states and now west bengal remains.
first jharkhand and then bengal, he said.
assembly elections in jharkhand are likely to be held in november or december this year.
buoyed by stupendous performance in the general election where it bagged 18 out of a total of 42 lok sabha seats in bengal, only four less than the ruling tmc, the saffron party leaders have been asserting that their target was to unseat chief minister mamatabanerjee from the power in the 2021 assembly poll there.
in his address, jharkhand chief minister raghubar das said, kashmir is ours and will remain ours forever, and thanked prime minister narendra modi for diluting article 370 that gave special provisions to jammu and kashmir.
das said, jharkhand suffered political instability for 14 years (since its formation as state in 2000).
on one hand (former) ministers and (ex-) chief minister (madhu koda) of those 14 years went to hotwar jail, on the other, there is no scam in our government now.
taking a dig at opposition parties, das echoed nadda saying while family affiliations are required for becoming prime minister and party president in other parties, the bjp makes a tea-seller as prime minister and party president who put posters on walls, alluding to narendra modi and union home minister amit shah respectively.
development of the country and the state is happening in the double-engine governments, das said, adding modi has become a global leader and bjps ideology is spreading in the world.
our objective is to serve the people, he said.
union tribal affairs minister arjun munda said, our forefathers dream of independent india has been fulfilled by our prime minister narendra modi ji by achieving one nation, one symbol and one constitution within 100 days of the government.
shyama prasad mukerjee sacrificed his life for the cause.
bjps state unit president laxman gilua said that there is not much time left as assembly elections are likely to be held in november or december this year, so every worker should go to every booth and panchayat and make the people aware of welfare and developmental schemes of the central and the state governments.
our government is committed to developing villages, poor women and the youth, gilua said.
kolkata: west bengal governor keshari nath tripathi on saturday wrote to chief minister mamatabanerjee advising her to take immediate steps to provide security to medicos and find out a solution to the impasse arising out of junior doctors' agitation across the state.
banerjee later said that she has spoken to the governor and apprised him about the steps taken by the state government to resolve the impasse at hospitals.
tripathi advised her to take the doctors into confidence about the arrangements of their security as well as the progress of investigation into the incidents of assault on them.
it will help create a suitable atmosphere and enable the doctors to resume their duties, the governor's letter read.
tripathi had on friday said that he tried to contact the chief minister to discuss the issue of junior doctors' agitation but got no response from her.
on the #internationaldayofdemocracy today, let us once again pledge to safeguard the constitutional values our coun https://t.
co/r6scelb7jx  mamatabanerjee (@mamataofficial) 1568514600000kolkata ( west bengal ): taking an aim at the central government, chief minister mamatabanerjee on sunday said there was a state of super emergency in the country and called upon people to do everything it takes to protect rights and freedoms guaranteed by the constitution.
on international day of democracy today, let us once again pledge to safeguard the constitutional values our country was founded on.
in this era of 'super emergency', we must do all it takes to protect the rights and freedoms that our constitution guarantees, she tweeted.
the bengal chief minister has been highly critical of prime minister narendra modi 's government and has on several occasions accused it of snatching the autonomy of constitutional institutions and muzzling dissent.
kolkata: reminding the neighbourhood of the horror of december 9 when 91 people, most of them hapless patients, were burnt to death in a fire at amri hospital, smoke started bellowing out of the hospital basement this morning.
the slum-dwellers of the nearby panchanantala first spotted the smoke and informed the fire brigade around 8.
45 am.
three fire tenders were rushed to the spot.
fire department officials went to the basement and found the mri machine in the basement badly damaged.
the neighbours at panchanantala had heard a blasting sound coming out of the basement - fire officials feel the machine's battery-operated part had caught fire and created the noise.
fire brigade officials managed to douse the flames soon after.
but panic spread and locals thronged the area, refusing to leave until the smoke stopped emanating from the basement.
the owners of amri are currently in jail, and look-out notices have been served against three others.
there was no representative from the management when the fire broke out on thursday morning.
police had a tough time dispersing the crowd.
the hospital has remained closed since the tragedy on december 9, and the policemen have been posted outside.
ironically, it was the slum-dwellers at panchanantala who spotted the fire this time as well.
chief minister mamatabanerjee had felicitated the bravehearts of the slums for their exemplary actions in saving the lives of those trapped in the amri accident on the fateful early morning.
kolkata: eminent personalities including filmmakers, novelists and historians across the country have sent an open letter to the prime minister narendra modi accentuating increase in religious identity based hate crimes in the country.
the letter incidentally was made public on the day when the union home ministry in parliament claimed that incidents of communal violence has shown declining trend.
the letter signed by 49 personalitiesincluding historian ramchandra guha, filmmakers aparna sen, kaushik sen , anurag kashyap, ketan mehta, shyam bengal, novelist amit choudhury and social activist binayak sen expressed deep concern over lynching of muslims, dalits and other minorities.
citing reports from various non-government organisations apart from the 2016 ncrb data ( national crime records bureau ), the group has demanded exemplary punishment to such crimes.
condemning the recent usage of the jai shri ram slogan, the group alleged that the chant has become a provocative war-cry today that leads to law and order problems, and many lynchings take place in its name, referring to the name of lord ram, that is sacred to many in the majority community of india, the letter urged the highest executive of the country to put an end to defiling the name of ram in this manner.
we have been witnessing such incidents over a long time but they have now snowballed.
hate crime is on the rise and dissenters are being termed as anti-nationals.
we are non-partisans and a group of concerned citizens, said aparna sen who addressed the media hours after the letter was made public.
while she refused to identify political outfit responsible for such hate crimes, sen said, there could be different political parties.
but we are asking the pm to consider the gravity of the situation and take steps.
in the letter the signatories submitted that about 90  of the attacks (religious identity-based hate crimes) were reported after may, 2014, when your government assumed power nationally.
the letter, in the same breath, has mentioned that people should not be branded as anti-national or urban-naxal and incarcerated because of dissent against the government.
some members of the group of intellectuals including aparna sen and kaushik sen had had earlier gone to bhatpara after two persons were killed in a firing at bhatpara in north 24 parganas.
referring to a letter written to the bengals chief minister mamatabanerjee sen said, polarisation is increasing day by day in west bengal too.
we have not seen such environment before.
the cm has responded to us already, she said.
whenever the country needed words of wisdom, intellectuals have come forward.
i completely agree with what they have said and i have been saying this for long.
our workers have been attacked after they said jai shri ram.
won't they stand up for that?
they are speaking with vested interests and wherever they go, there will be agitation against them?
bengal bjp chief dilip ghosh said.
kolkata: three of the seven bengal towns that voted for new municipalities on sunday witnessed widespread violence, with the left front, congress and bjp demanding cancellation of elections in these three municipalities, even withdrawing their candidates in raiganj and domkal.
trinamool chief and ben-gal chief minister mamatabanerjee will call on congress president sonia gandhi in delhi on tuesday, reportedly to find common ground on a united non-bjp candidate for the presidential polls, but the delhi entente has evidently failed to end the bitter rivalry at the ground level.
violence was reported from all the three plains towns that went to vote  pujali in the south (south 24-parganas), domkal in the middle (murshidabad) and raiganj in the north (north dinajpur)  though the four hills towns that voted for new civic agencies (darjeeling, kalimpong, kurseong and mirik) were peaceful.
state congress chief adhir chowdhury petitioned pm narendra modi against alleged rigging of local polls.
he wrote to modi and home minister rajnath singh .
the state election commission refused to either confirm or deny reports of large-scale violence.
the ele-ctions were fair and peaceful, maintained tmc.
marauding bike-borne miscreants, bombs, broken evms and panicked voters remained the recurring sights all through the day in pujali, domkal and raiganj.
election officials cowered in fear and fled polling booths at some places and cops, responding to reports of violence, themselves became targets as bombs and stones became the favoured weapons to intimidate opposition workers.
the congress-cpm combine tried to match the trinamool firepower in domkal but, at both raiganj and pujali, it was an unequal battle.
congress set off the candidate-withdrawal process in raiganj and was followed by the lf and bjp.
the same was repeated in domkal.
state congress president adhir chowdhury even shot off a letter to his party chairperson on sunday evening, saying, it is important to rope in support of all political parties to oppose a bjp-rss nominee at the national level (for the presidential polls).
at the same time it is neccesary to emphasise our abiding committment to transparency and democracy.
under your leadership and guidance, congress workers in the state will continue to fight for democracy and secularism and oppose both tmc and bjp in the state.
in kolkata, left front and congress supporters resorted to a road-block and sit-in-demonstration in front of the election commission's office, claiming the poll body had failed to conduct free and fair elections.
state election commissioner a k singh's refusal to accept their deputation also prompted congress to lodge an fir against him at the shakespeare sarani police station.
congress also indicated they were exploring legal options against the state commission.
we want the elections to be countermanded as the ruling party has unleashed terror at all the places where elections are being held, cpm state secretary surjya kanta mishra said.
chowdhury demanded countermanding of the elections alleging booth-capturing by trinamool supporters.
bjp national secretary rahul sinha also demanded that the elections be countermanded and fresh polls be declared.
the commission should cancel today's elections and fresh polls should be held with central forces in charge of security, said sinha, formerly the state bjp chief.
budget 2019 is completely visionless.
.
.
read moredownload the times of india news app for latest citykolkata: caustically calling the union budget an election prize, chief minister mamatabanerjee on friday further dubbed it visionless and said the petrol and diesel price hike would eventually hit kitchens.
budget 2019 is completely visionless.
in fact, the total vision is derailed, she said on twitter.
on top of it, not only have they imposed cess but also special additional excise duty on petrol and diesel leading to price increase by nearly rs 2.
50/litre for petrol and rs 2.
30/litre for diesel.
as a result, price hikes will hit from transport to market to kitchens.
commoners are suffering and suffering, she tweeted.
in the finance bill, under the header special additional excise duty, there is a re 1 increase in both motor spirit or petrol and high-speed diesel oil prices.
there is another re 1 hike under the road and infrastructure cess component.
dubbing the budget directionless, bengal parliamentary affairs minister partha chatterjee said the fuel price hike would further push up prices of essential commodities.
if transport costs increase, it will impact the cost all things, he said.
there is no relief in income tax.
common people are frustrated.
and they have started realising this in only one-and-a-half months.
he added: during poll campaign, the pm spoke of employment.
not a word about it is there in this budget.
there is no talk of agriculture and development.
the budget has poured water on the hopes of people who thought voting them will bring good tidings.
this budget has nothing for bengal, chatterjee said.
trinamool spokesperson and rajya sabha mp derek obrien said with a touch of irony: this is a dream budget.
government is still only selling dreams and not delivering.
far from a dream, its a nightmare for common people who are suffering.
fdi in media, aviation and more benefits to foreign insurance intermediaries means government has introduced concept of sell india, derek argued.
jobs and the issue of job creation not addressed in policy terms.
(we were told about a new tv programme for start-ups!
).
derek further said: railways discussed for only two minutes.
so, as trinamool had predicted a few years ago, the railway budget has disappeared.
special purpose vehicle (spv) for railways is anti-federal, it burdens states.
this story is from january 16, 2019pilgrims at the gangasagar mela ground.
(pti)download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
kolkata: over 3.
5 million pilgrims took holy dip at gangasagar,150km south of kolkata, on makar sankranti .
the pilgrim count surpassed last years 3.
3 million pilgrims, which was an all-time record for sagar mela.
more and more pilgrims are coming to sagar because of the superior arrangements made by our government and good weather, said public health engineering minister subrata muherjee.
the state government has developed a seamless mela management system with a perfect blend of technology and coordination, added mukherjee.
the mela ground is under roundthe-clock surveillance through 800 cctvs, 20 drones and helium balloons with cameras.
so far, there has not been a single incident of fire or accident, said a south 24 parganas district official.
even before her visit to the sagar island , chief minister mamatabanerjee set the tone of preparedness.
the cm told us to take all necessary measures so that pilgrims dont face trouble during their visit.
this is why the district magistrate and the sp jointly briefed the entire workforce on the job at sagar, said a government official.
around 11,000 toilets and 300 portable toilets have been installed for the mela.
thus, we put tirtha sathi, a real-time mega surveillance system, in place.
a 24x7 surveillance team has also been formed to keep an eye on the 50 led screens that project live video from the cameras on the ground.
the real-time surveillance helped in displaying vessel schedules on electronic boards and also take safety precautions before tides, said south 24-parganas district magistrate ratnakar rao.
to maintain the seamless connectivity, the state government has created 15 wifi circles in collaboration with bsnl.
apart from this, four automated weather stations have been installed at strategic locations.
security arrangements have been beefed up in the area by the state government as well as the indian coast guard and the navy.
two hovercraft and one dornier helicopter have been posted for the protection of pilgrims.
west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjeekolkata: chief minister mamatabanerjee on friday made it clear she wont allow implementation of the national register of citizens exercise in bengal.
banerjee informed the house that her bihar counterpart, nitish kumar , was on the same page with her on the issue.
i spoke to nitish kumar.
he told me that he wont allow nrc in his state, the bengal cm said while participating in a discussion on nrc in the assembly under rule 185.
terming nrc a tool that has come handy for a bjp desperate to drive a wedge between hindus and muslims, bengalis and non-bengalis and bengalis and rajbanshis, the cm said: the bjp-led centre wants to initiate nrc in bengal as part of political vendetta.
they want to divide people.
we will never let bjp implement nrc in bengal.
the chief minister said all pillars of democracy were being run by central advisories.
names of genuine indians have been excluded from the nrc list, she added.
banerjee argued that the supreme court directed the nrc exercise in assam as it was part of the assam accord.
what is applicable for assam cant be extrapolated for the entire country.
taking a dig at bjp over the recent developments in assam, the cm said: their intention was to exclude muslims from the nrc list.
that is why 41 lakh people were dropped from the primary list.
later, they found that they couldnt fulfil their aim.
exclusion figures came down to 19 lakh with bjp insisting on incorporating the dropouts.
most of the dropouts in assam are bengalis.
they have also excluded about 1 lakh gorkhas residing in assam.
the chief minister then turned to the darjeeling mla and said: where is our darjeeling mla?
you voted for bjp and see what bjp has done for you.
banerjee told assembly members that the nrc authorities didnt even recognise refugee cards that were given to people who came from east pakistan during partition and settled in assam.
citing the handbook of indian citizenship, the cm asked how many proofs of identity did the nrc authorities need.
people have ration cards, voter id cards, aadhaar card, pan card, bank accounts, driving licence.
how many more do they need?
now take the case of the bowbazar house collapse.
people of the locality had to leave homes without being able to retrieve documents.
authorities have to recognise the police fir because they cant produce documents.
let us not forget people from east pakistan had to leave their homes under extraordinary circumstances also, the cm said.
banerjee instead wanted the bjp-led government at the centre to concentrate on the economy.
the economy is in a mess.
so is politics.
the malaise has affected our social and cultural lives.
people speaking bengali in delhi are dubbed bangladeshis.
they are after bengal, she added.
new delhi: officials of state governments and police will soon be barred from entering air traffic control (atc) complexes across india on their regular airport entry passes (aep) as a fallout of bengal cops repeatedly entering the atc complex at kolkata airport to ensure aircraft with chief minister mamatabanerjee on board land without any delay.
the airports authority of india (aai) has asked the bureau of civil aviation security (bcas), which issues aeps, to specifically mention that passes given to police and state government officials for protocol purposes do not grant them access to the atc complex  main tower and technical area.
airport passes allow varying level of access to pass holders, depending on where all they are required to go, and the same is mentioned clearly on the reverse side of the pass.
we have studied the issue (following kolkata police entering atc area in the city airport) and found there is no necessity for people to go everywhere in an airport.
we have accordingly written to bcas.
atc personnel perform a highly sensitive task and we cannot allow any distraction there, aai chairman guruprasad mahapatra told toi.
airport entry passes are issued to state government and senior police officials as they have to frequently go there for facilitation and protocol duties whenever the cm, governor or some high level central dignitary if flying in or out of airports in their state.
this is especially true for state capitals.
following recent  and unprecedented  instances of bengal police entering the atc complex at kolkata airport when cm mamatabanerjee was flying into the city, aai first asked bengal government to ensure that such a thing does not happen.
when this did not stop, the authority had to find a way of avoiding interference in the highly technical and sensitive task that atc personnel perform by the presence of people who are not supposed to be there.
atc tower are highly sterile places where unauthorised personnel should not be present.
a single distraction to the atc personnel discharging their duties can cause havoc, said a senior official.
after contemplating the problem, the authority found a way out.
aeps issued to state officials and police personnel mention atc tower and its technical block also as the areas where they are allowed to go.
but these people have no business to be there.
at the most they are required for protocol or facilitation reasons at terminal building or the apron from where the dignitary is flying in or out, the official said.
accordingly, the authority has requested the director-general of bcas to ensure that aeps issued to state government and police officials who are not required to be at the atc block should mention all the pass grants access to all areas except two  atc tower and atc technical block  at airports across india.
cisf personnel check aeps and grant access to areas only to places allowed in the pass.
only a few flights are accorded priority in landing sequence  those with the pm or president or a foreign head of state on board; those with medical emergency; running low on fuel or facing any other technical or security challenge.
a commercial aircraft with a cm on board does not get priority simply because of the cm being on board.
sending cops to atc centre and pressurising controllers to give priority to such an aircraft is neither allowed, nor safe.
it is unnecessary interference in a very sensitive work, said the official.
prime minister narendra modi.
(file photo)new delhi: prime minister narendra modi will saturday chair the fifth meeting of the niti aayog's governing council which will focus on issues like the drought situation, farm distress, rain-water harvesting and preparedness for kharif crops.
the five-point agenda for the meeting also includes aspirational districts programme, transforming agriculture and security related issues with special focus on left wing extremism (lwe) districts, an official statement said.
the meeting, to be held at rashtrapati bhavan , will be attended by chief ministers, lieutenant governors of union territories, several union ministers and senior government officials.
this will be the first governing council meeting under the new modi government.
west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee , however, has refused to attend the meeting, saying it is fruitless as the niti aayog has no financial powers to support state plans.
headed by the prime minister, the governing council includes ministers of finance, home, defence, agriculture, commerce and rural development, besides state chief ministers and niti aayog vice chairman, ceo and members.
the governing council reviews the action taken on the agenda items of the previous meeting and deliberates upon the future developmental priorities.
so far, four meetings of the governing council have been held under the chairmanship of the prime minister.
the first meeting of the governing council was held on february 8, 2015, at which the prime minister laid down the key mandates of niti aayog such as fostering cooperative federalism and addressing national issues through active participation of the states.
the second meeting on july 15, 2015 reviewed the progress made by the three sub-groups of chief ministers and the two task forces.
in the third meeting on april 23, 2017, modi had pitched for conducting simultaneous elections of the lok sabha and the state assemblies and shifting to a january-december fiscal year.
the fourth meeting of the council on june 17, 2018 deliberated upon measures taken to double farmers' income and the progress of the government's flagship schemes.
this story is from february 4, 2019#watch west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee continues dharna over cbi issue after a short break early morning https://t.
co/dod31ucvpf  ani (@ani) 1549253137000make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
* prakash javadekar, union minister called it a murder of democracywhatever is happening in kolkata is one of a kind.
never before was an investigating team taken into custody by police.
it's murder of democracy.
we want to ask mamatabanerjee why is she staging dharna, who does she want to shield?
police commissioner or herself?
he said.
* hearing a cbi petition seeking directions to kolkata police commissioner rajeev kumat to cooperate with the investigation in saradha chit fund case, the apex court deferred the hearing to tuesday.
*earlier, cbi moved supreme court seeking directions to kolkata police commissioner rajeev kumar to cooperate with the investigation in saradha chit fund case.
in its petition, the cbi said that kumar was summoned multiple times but failed to cooperate and created hurdles in the investigation.
if the cbi lays a single piece of evidence or any material to show that any authority in wb or any police officer is engaged in tampering with chit fund scam, we will come down so heavily on them that they will regret it, the top court said, while hearing the cbi's plea for an urgent hearing.
* home minister rajnath singh called up governor of west bengal keshari nath tripathi to be apprised of the facts of the unfortunate and unprecedented situation of officers of a central investigating agency being manhandled, detained, intimidated and obstructed.
* early on monday morning, the west bengal chief minister said she will continue her satyagraha till the country and its constitution are saved.
the confrontation started with the detention of a team of cbi officers by the kolkata police after the former tried to enter the state police commissioner's office as part of an investigation into the rose valley and saradha chit fund scam.
following the detention, several hundred city police personnel laid siege to two central government buildings which house cbis offices and the joint directors residence as well as the enforcement directorate  prompting senior bureau officers to approach the bengal governor keshari nath tripathi.
banerjee, sensing a political windfall from the cbi operation, first went to the police commissioners residence where she accused the centre of trying to stage a constitutional coup in bengal.
she then drove to the heart of the city to start a dharna against the centres super-emergency.
banerjee, wrapped in a brown woollen shawl, began a sit-in right in front of the metro cinema to protest insults she faced at the hands of prime minister narendra modi and bjp chief amit shah, hours after the detention of the cbi team.
banerjee, one of the prime movers behind the effort to cobble together an anti-bjp alliance ahead of the lok sabha polls, claimed the cbi knocked on the doors of kumar without a search warrant.
she alleged they want to impose president's rule in whatever states the opposition is in power.
i can assure.
.
.
.
i am ready to die but i am not ready to bow down before the modi government and we won't allow imposition of emergency.
.
.
please save india, save democracy, save the constitution, she said.
several opposition parties came out in open support of mamatabanerjee government.
congress president rahul gandhi on sunday spoke to mamatabanerjee and expressed his support to her sit-in against the centre over cbi move in the state, saying the happenings in bengal were part of the unrelenting attack on india's institutions by prime minister narendra modi and the bjp.
gandhi said in a tweet that the entire opposition will stand together and defeat these fascist forces.
i spoke with mamatabanerjee di tonight and told her we stand shoulder to shoulder with her.
the happenings in bengal are a part of the unrelenting attack on india's institutions by modi and the bjp.
the entire opposition will stand together and defeat these fascist forces, he said.
andhra pradesh chief minister m chandrababu naidu said it was a glaring example of how modi-shah duo are destroying the institutions.
attacking political opponents in different states, few days before the parliament elections commence, will have disastrous consequences in the country, he said.
delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal also came out in support of the tmc chief.
spoke to mamatabanerjee didi and expressed solidarity.
modi-shah duo's action is completely bizarre and anti-democracy, he tweeted.
samajwadi party chief akhilesh yadav termed the cbi's action undemocratic and against the spirit of the constitution.
the bjp wants to stay in power by hook or by crook.
they are so scared of losing that cbi is being used as election agents.
this is undemocratic and against spirit of the constitution.
we demand due process be followed so that cbi is not used as a tool of political interference, he said on twitter.
mns chief raj thackeray too came out in support of the mamatabanerjee government.
we applaud & support the stand taken by mamatabanerjee against the autocracy & tyranny of the central government.
we firmly stand behind her and the fight against this tyranny, he tweeted.
abhishek banerjeedownload the times of india news app for latest citya special court on thursday summoned abhishek mamatabanerjee , trinamool congress mp and nephew of west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee , to appear before it on july 25 in connection with a case of false declaration about his educational qualification during the elections.
advocate sarthak chaturvedi has accused the member of parliament of filing a false affidavit about his educational qualifications.
hyderabad: the national investigation agency (nia) got a backhanded compliment from former union law minister and well-known supreme court lawyer kapil sibal on the verdict given in the mecca masjid blast case in hyderabad.
mentioning that nine people were killed and 58 injured in the blast, sibal on tuesday tweeted: nia must be honoured for proving that there was no killer!
task well done!
desh badal chuka hai (the country has changed!
) .
west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee was also taken aback over the resignation of the special court judge after he delivered the judgment.
nia judge resigned.
what does this mean?
justice is silent.
and are the accused golden?
she wondered.
hyderabad member of parliament (mp) and all india majlis-e-ittehadul muslimeen (aimim) leader asaduddin owaisi , who had reacted to the acquittal of all the five accused saying that justice had not been done in the case, would speak out on the issue on thursday.
the mim is organising a public meeting at eidgah dargah ujale shah, rh, saidabad on thursday at 7pm, where owaisi might speak on the judgment.
new delhi: union home minister amit shah on saturday said that unity and diversity is the strength of our nation but a national language is needed so that foreign languages do not overpower our own.
emphasizing that hindi was the heart and soul of our freedom struggle, amit shah, while speaking at a rajbhasha award ceremony on hindi divas samaroh 2019 in the national capital, said, let us make hindi the most widely used language in the world.
however, he clarified that hindi is the language of coexistence and its growth will never be at the cost of any language.
his remarks, however, drew sharp reactions from several opposition parties.
it's shocking.
it will surely affect indias unity.
on behalf of dmk, i would urge him (amit shah) to take back that view of his, dmk chief m k stalin said in chennai.
pmk founder s ramadoss tweeted, shah's views on hindi to be india's single language is wrong.
hindi can't be forced on the people speaking other languages.
congress said the three-language formula should not be tinkered with and controversies must not be stirred up on emotive issues settled by constitution-makers.
trinamool congress chief mamatabanerjee , in a tweet, called for respecting all languages and cultures.
we may learn many languages, but we should not forget our mother language.
while awarding government departments, public sector units, writers and poets for their exemplary work in promoting rajbhasha, the home minister recalled mahatma gandhi and sardar patel, who, he said, had appealed to people to accept hindi as the national language.
noting the unanimous consensus on hindi as the national language in the constituent assembly in spite of the assemblys sheer diversity, the minister said the decision was an important factor in ensuring cultural unity of india.
amit shah said that from next year, hindi divas would be celebrated as a public event.
hindi movement should reach people and therefore from next year, hindi divas would be celebrated in public places outside the capital as well, and not just for one day but for a week, he said.
saying that india has 122 languages and over 19,500 dialects, the home minister said, these (languages) are our strength.
the depth of indian languages is unparalleled because of the equally unparalleled depth of indian culture.
shah warned that a country that forgets its language kills its cultural existence.
language connects us to the roots of the nation, he said.
the minister stressed that we must leave the inferiority complex towards hindi and our other languages that has set in due to the colonial hangover.
noting the role of teachers in the growth of languages, he said that teachers and educators must instil a sense of pride about hindi in students.
about his own ministry, he said, when i took over as home minister, almost all files were in english.
but today, i get over 60  of files in hindi.
he called for a greater use of the national language in all aspects of life.
amit shah recalled vinoba bhaves love for hindi and gandhijis assertion that a nation is mute without its national language.
he remembered former pm atal bihari vajpayee as the first external affairs minister to give a speech in hindi at the un in 1977.
he also hailed former foreign minister sushma swarajs contribution to the global growth of hindi.
sushmaji pushed the un for starting a hindi news bulletin and also played an important role in getting a hindi twitter account opened by the un, he said.
he also praised pm narendra modis commitment to hindi.
whenever the pm addressed expatriates, he spoke in hindi.
modi ji also addressed the unga and the world economic forum in davos in hindi, he said.
at the function, the minister launched e-saral hindi vakya kosh and e-maha shabda kosh mobile app to harness information technology for the growth of hindi.
this story is from february 7, 2019alipore zoodownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
kolkata: the bengal government has decided to undertake a feasibility study and compile a detailed project report (dpr) on a proposed elevated corridor  the longest ever in the city  along adi ganga (tollys nullah).
another flyover, along hazra road-judges court road, has been planned to facilitate east-bound vehicles from alipore to zip past the chaos at hazra crossing.
if constructed, the 9.
2km-long elevated corridor along adi ganga will offer seamless north-south movement of traffic along the corridor.
however, since it will be at a great height, so as to keep a number of bridges across adi ganga intact, the navigability of tollys nullah will decrease drastically.
the de-siltation of adi ganga was taken up aggressively after mamatabanerjee came to power in bengal.
there was an attempt of revive the river and its maritime history.
in ancient bengal, adi ganga was a thriving trade route, but thenavigability could not be maintained beyond a point, said an irrigation department official.
the proposal has also raised questions regarding security.
chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjees residence is right on the bank of adi ganga.
the flyover will run above her house.
so we have to see whether the flyover will breach the cms security or not, said a senior kolkata police officer.
the fate of the canal was sealed when the extension of metro corridor from tollygunge to new garia was constructed along tollys nullah.
now, it has become impossible to restore and revive it beyond a point.
but even after the flyovers construction, it must maintain some depth, otherwise a part of kalighat can get flooded during high tide, said another irrigation department officer.
professor asit roy, who has been associated with the save adi ganga movement, said, the channel still carries waste water out of the city.
for the citys sake, adi ganga must be kept in good health.
the centre has released rs 82 crore for cleaning it up.
much of the city will get inundated if adi ganga overflows.
we will seek the cms intervention.
the other flyover  from ballygunge phanri to saujanya convention centre at hastings park  will be 4.
5km long.
it will have two exit ramps at sarat bose road and hazra road crossing  one towards deshapriya park and another towards minto park.
however, there is a yawning gap between planning and execution, with cops throwing a spanner into the works after preempting a complete collapse of traffic.
hazra road is not wide enough for two-way traffic.
if the construction agency barricades a part of the road to build piers, it will cause a lot of problems, said an officer.
kolkata: the political ties between congress and trinamool congress are headed for a collapse, as both parties have hardened their stance against each other.
while the congress has decided to take on mamatabanerjee in the upcoming panchayat polls in west bengal, the bengal chief minister also refused to back the congress-led impeachment motion against the chief justice of india even though ties between mamatabanerjee and congress president rahul gandhi had been strained for some time now following gandhis decision to ally with the cpm in the 2016 assembly elections in bengal, both parties were trying hard to find some common ground before the 2019 general elections.
but efforts at reconciliation didnt seem to progress much as was seen from the recent incidents.
according to insiders in trinamool congress, mamatabanerjee may avoid reconciliation with gandhi this time, and would rather wait for election results before entering into any kind of coalition.
mamata mamatabanerjee led the oppositions protest against demonetisation and the hurriedly implemented gst, not the congress.
all opposition leaders followed her.
she is a leader and doesnt follow anybody.
but the impeachment motion was planned and designed by congress, a senior leader of trinamool congress close to mamatabanerjee told et.
banerjee recently said that she did not support the impeachment move despite requests from sonia and rahul gandhi, and had in fact advised against such a move against the judiciary.
she has also expressed her displeasure against the one-upmanship of congress, but has maintained a working relationship with all opposition leaders, including the gandhis, said another senior tmc leader.
rahul gandhi has been giving tacit support to the congress in bengal for going all out against mamata.
in bengal, congress has unofficially allied with the bjp and cpm to take on the tmc, alleged another leader on the condition of anonymity.
kolkata: presidency university vice-chancellor anuradha lohia called upon the education minister partha chatterjee on thursday at the west bengal legislative assembly to invite him along with chancellor keshari nath tripathi to inaugurate the museum, which will house old artefacts, equipment from science departments and important manuscripts related to presidency college and freedom movement.
lohia on thursday said, we are likely to inaugurate the museum on january 19.
it will coincide with the bicentennial year closing ceremony.
when questioned chatterjee said, i have requested the vc to ensure that there are no vacancies during admissions next year, which had created a huge controversy last time.
the vc has assured me that appropriate measures have been put in place to ensure that such empty seats will be filled up in 2018.
they are also taking measures to ensure that de-reservation issue is addressed.
among other decisions likely to be taken next year(january) is the fate of presidency university mentor group (pmg), which will be decided when the celebrated advisory committee's tenure comes to an end on january 20 in 2018.
when pmg was formed, it was mentioned that by june 2013, the last of the five reports is to be submitted.
in the 2017-2018 session presidency will be made a world-class university by implementing the recommendations.
terms of reference by pmg, speaks about submitting five reports aimed at upgrading the university into a world-class varsity within its bicentennial year 2017-2018.
hence, the tenure of pmg is set to end immediately after the closing ceremony, pointed out the source.
according to officials, after a gap of 1.
5 years the pmg is scheduled to meet the vice-chancellor by the end of the month.
the pmg members have individually met sugato bose, to hold internal meetings in succession over the past few weeks.
the source said, chief minister mamatabanerjee will take a call soon.
the state education minister pointed out that the second campus of presidency university in newtown is likely to be inaugurated in april 2018.
kolkata: in a veiled attack on the bjp, west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on wednesday said attempts are on to change the history of the country and its democracy is under threat.
because of its narrow political considerations, a particular party has destroyed the unity of the country, she said at the assembly where a resolution was moved remembering martyrs of jallianwala bagh massacre on its centenary year.
i cannot deny that it was the indian national congress that had fought for india's independence.
history is history.
we cannot change history for political reasons.
never heard of this.
but now this is also happening .
.
.
they are changing names, they are changing history, she said.
the trinamool congress supremo did not name any party but she was apparently hinting at the bjp.
the country's character has not changed but one particular party through its narrow politics has destroyed political openness, the unity (of the country), the chief minister said.
i hope indian democracy will live forever.
i do not know what will happen tomorrow.
we all are scared, she added.
some could have spoken for us or some against us.
but instead of doing that, it was pushed with the butt of the gun.
she also expressed apprehension about the whereabouts of jammu and kashmir leaders including former chief ministers farooq abdullah and omar abdullah i am feeling bad but we cannot do anything.
we are not allowed to go there and meet them, she said.
the chief minister said despite ideological differences, she is not totally against the left parties.
lamenting that there was no discussion on parliament on the jallianwala bagh massacre, she said students should read more about incidents like this.
the assembly speaker moved a resolution remembering 100 years of the massacre.
the resolution from the chair read: the house while paying its respectful homage to all those who laid down their lives in the jallianwala bagh incident, recalls the sacrifice of the countless martyrs all over the country.
this house also pays its tribute to the memory of all the martyrs of our freedom struggle.
.
.
.
the members of the house remember the sacrifices made by innocent and unarmed civilians in jallianwala bagh on april 13, 1919 when british troops fired upon a gathering, it said.
this story is from november 17, 2018cm chandrababu naiducourt-mandated cases do not need consent: officerdownload the times of india news app for latest cityvijayawada/kolkata: the fight between opposition-controlled states and the bjp led centre widened dramatically on friday with andhra pradesh and west bengal forbidding cbi and other central agencies from operating within their boundaries.
in a marked escalation, governments led by chandrababu naidu and mamatabanerjee , both of whom are busy trying to erect an anti-bjp front, withdrew the general consent extended to the cbi.
the two leaders are scheduled to meet in kolkata on november 19.
with law and order being the responsibility of states and the cbi being a central organisation, the agencys investigation powers are limited to union territories and it cannot probe offences committed in states without seeking their consent.
the requirement is laid down in the delhi special police establishment act, 1946.
however, the supreme court and high courts can ask the cbi to probe a crime in a particular state even if the state is not keen to let the agency in.
the cbi, in case it considers necessary, can approach the sc and high courts for permission to take up cases or extend their investigation to a state which may wish to declare it to be out-of-bounds for the agency.
also, the moves by the andhra and west bengal governments will not affect ongoing investigations, filing of chargesheets and conduct of trials.
on an earlier occasion, sikkim had withdrawn the consent the cbi is required to take as per section 6 of the dspe act.
naidu justified the move saying the cbi had been reduced to a tool for blackmail by the centre, an accusation which was soon endorsed by mamatabanerjee as she followed suit.
the cbi has lost its credibility, the bengal cm said.
bjp alleged that a coalition of corrupt parties was taking shape in the country and the party would raise this issue at all political platforms.
recent happenings in the cbi have been cited as a lame excuse and a ruse to brazenly save the corrupt and extend political patronage to people and organisations involved in acts of corruption and criminality, bjps g v l narasimha rao said.
by withdrawing the general consent which was given to the centre by the left front government in 1989, the cbi and all other central agencies will have to seek the states consent for every case they probe in bengal.
we have withdrawn the general consent, a senior nabanna official said, refusing to be named.
it is still not clear how the withdrawal of the general consent will impact the probes into saradha, rose valley and narada cases, which had prompted mamatabanerjee to lash out against the bjp-led centre several times in the past.
a senior official pointed out that most of the cases being probed by the cbi or ed have a supreme court or calcutta high court mandate.
cases being investigated under orders of the supreme court and high courts do not require any consent from the state, he explained.
an apex court constitutional bench judgment in this regard was made in february 2010, in a case relating to bengal.
the bengal government is also arguing the matter of consent in a case in the supreme court.
if giving consent is the states prerogative, withdrawing it, too, should be its prerogative.
in 1959, the congress government in bengal had first given this general consent to cbi.
this covers a broad gamut of central laws.
i am arguing for bengal in this case, which is sub judice, senior lawyer and trinamool congress mp kalyan mamatabanerjee told toi.
the apex court has asked the state advocate-general kishore dutta to depose on it.
in andhra pradesh, the fast-changing political scenario after the attack on ysr congress president y s jaganmohan reddy last month forced chandrababu naidu to do a rethink on an open consent to cbi.
moreover, there were several raids by income tax and enforcement departments on businessmen allegedly close to tdp.
kolkata: actor-director aparna sen on friday appealed to the motherly instinct of chief minister mamatabanerjee , who has of late flashed mostly her fierce side, and urged didi to meet the striking junior doctors without precondition and resolve the crisis that has paralysed healthcare facilities statewide.
sen visited the striking doctors at nrs medical college and hospital friday morning with other eminent civil society members, including theatre personality kaushik sen, human rights activist bolan gangopadhyay and music composer debojyoti mishra, who all expressed solidarity with the doctors on strike and, also requested them to spare a thought for patients suffering.
sometimes, we just need to take one small step to resolve a crisis.
you are like a guardian.
you are like a mother to the people of this state.
please come and talk to these young boys and girls.
they are like your children.
talk to each other and sort out the problem, sen appealed.
she urged the doctors to review their decision to cease work.
i know none of you look at the patients' caste or religion while treating them.
i know the only thing on your mind is to provide relief and treat the patient.
you are pained seeing so many having to go away without treatment.
we cannot force a decision on you but we can appeal to your conscience.
if there is any way in which you can go back to work, please do it.
we respect your movement and we are with you.
but let us not forget about helpless patients, said sen.
she cautioned the cm about pitfalls of letting the issue spiral.
these boys and girls are among the state's most meritorious.
.
.
if we do not communicate with them and assure their safety, they will migrate to other states.
bengal will be the loser, said sen.
kolkata: environment minister sovan chatterjee has failed to secure even the pass mark in the report card published by the different environment organizations which work at grass-root level across bengal .
environmentalists have appealed to chief minister mamatabanerjee to remove chatterjee from the post of environment minister and take charge of the department herself after he scored a dismal 28 out of 100.
chatterjee, however, refused to comment when contacted over phone.
the environmentalists claimed that they had marked him liberally, lest their efforts be labelled politically motivated.
chatterjee got 28 out of 100 in 10 key areas  waterbody conservation, air pollution, waste management, noise pollution, plastic pollution, cleanliness, coastal zone management, river environment, greenery maintenance and industrial pollution.
except for cleanliness, where he scored 70 , chatterjee could not score more than 3 in any of the areas.
most of the environmentalists, like professor sujoy basu, enviro-legal activist gitanath ganguly, sabuj mancha secretary naba dutta, auto-emission expert s m ghosh and pamela mukherjee , who were part of the final evaluation, said that on the basis of a realistic assessment, the department has actually fared worse than what they have marked.
chatterjees attendance at the environment department, they said, did not touch double digits.
however, the environmentalists said they were not biased and the marks are not arbitrary figures.
on april 26, we held an environment summit with the participation of 50 environment organizations from all over bengal.
thirty-nine of them presented environment ground situations of their areas from across the state with data and statistics.
the assessment was done meticulously on the basis of the ground situation.
about 70  of the activists had marked poor or very poor while assessing the role of the department, one of them said.
chatterjees good score in the cleanliness area, activists felt, had more to do with him being the mayor and not the environment minister.
with the leader being so lax, the department officials go as they like.
one of the pcb senior officials went to japan to lecture on transforming waste to energy.
but his own agency failed to record the ambient air quality in winter when it was most required, said dutta.
kolkata: president pranab mukherjee on thursday appealed to the public not to vandalize hospitals if a family member dies during treatment.
at the same time, mukherjee also told doctors to serve patients with a human touch.
whenever a patient dies, there is a cry of negligence with people resorting to vandalizing hospitals.
it is not done.
however advanced may be medical science, it cannot guarantee to save lives.
all that doctors can do is give their best, the president said while inaugurating the indian institute of liver and digestive sciences on thursday.
mukherjee also said patients' families should be ready for the expenses if they seek treatment in the private sector.
it is good that the chief minister has spoken to all stakeholders and has taken stock of the situation.
as someone elder to her, i bless her and wish her success in her endeavours, mukherjee said to mamatabanerjee who shared the dais with him.
a smiling face can cure half the disease, the president said while coaxing doctors to tend to patients with a human touch.
for iilds, mukherjee said the hospital  only of its kind in the eastern region exclusively for liver aliments  will be of great service to the people of this region.
the county has to make better effort to take education and healthcare to the people.
we are still unable to give quality health service to the rural population, said mukherjee.
purulia (wb): suspected maoists on monday night shot dead two trinamool congress workers of the party at balarampur in purulia district, a party mla said.
the attackers, who came on a bike, called ajit singh sardar (56) and his son baku singh sardar (26) from their house to a nearby jungle at ghatbera and shot them dead, trinamool congress mla from purulia k p singhdeo said.
the incident took place three days after chief minister mamatabanerjee held a public meeting at the very place - balarampur, warning the extremists that the joint forces operation would be resumed if the ultras continued with their politics of violence.
the trinamool mla said quoting local people that the attackers raised maoist slogans before escaping deeper into the jungle.
though the police were yet to confirm the killings, singhdeo said the joint forces rushed to the site from nearby ghatbera police camp and engaged the maoists in an encounter.
security personnel launched a combing operation in the area.
midnapore: mallojula koteswar rao - known in police files as kishanji - had never set foot in his home in pedapalli in andhra pradesh since he went underground 35 years ago.
on saturday, he was finally headed home after his niece deepa identified him as the uncle she had last seen in 1985 when in her teens.
after seeing the body, she felt that it bore an unmistakable resemblance with her grandfather venkaiah - kishanji's father - a freedom fighter.
once the formality of identification had been completed in midnapore, police packed the bullet-riddled body in a coffin and transported it in an ambulance to kolkata airport.
several hundred rights activists and students from jadavpur university and other institutions waited outside the airport to catch a glimpse of the body.
with apdr activists staging a demonstration near the domestic terminal, alleging that the rebel leader had been eliminated in a fake encounter, police diverted the ambulance to gate no 7 meant for vips.
the body was flown to hyderabad in the cargo hold of a spicejet flight.
after reaching hyderabad, the coffin will be taken to his home in pedapalli in karimnagar district of telangana region where his ailing brother and mother, madhuramma, want to take a last look before it is cremated.
even in death kishanji evoked sharp feelings.
while his relatives and sympathizers kept up the heat on the government and police, local residents snapped in anger when one of the five pallbearers raised pro-maoist slogans while taking away the body.
he is no martyr, the crowd shot back.
he has killed hundreds of innocent people, they said, heckling hemant yadav, a jharkhand-based lawyer, for shouting slogans for kishanji.
police had to push back an increasingly agitated crowd to allow kishanji's body to be out in a kolkata-bound ambulance.
this, however, didn't end the protest.
the protesters made themselves heard as long as they could.
till then, the five-member team who had reached from hyderabad the day before were accorded almost state guest status.
when police escorted them to midnapore at 2am, they were put up at the zilla parishad lodge.
apart from varavara rao, deepa and hemant yadav, the team had andhra pradesh civil liberties committee secretary c chandrashekhar and martyrs' relatives and friends association secretary padma kumari.
they refused the government's offer to airlift kishanji's body and said they would rather pay for it.
emerging from the hospital morgue, deepa said she and rao had identified kishanji.
you can see marks of the inhuman torture on his body.
the cheek blown was away.
i have taken a photograph of the body to document the torture, she said.
rao said: kishanji was subjected to inhuman torture as his body bore marks of several injuries.
he was taken in police custody on november 23, subjected to intense torture, and shot dead in a staged encounter involving 1,000 paramilitary and state police forces.
chandrasekhar said, this is a fake encounter, hundred per cent.
there are several injuries, even burn injuries.
the brain and jaw had been gouged out.
speaking to newsmen later at the zilla parishad lodge, rao said, i demand a white paper on the killing.
a case under section 302 in compliance with nhrc norms should be started against those responsible for the killing, he said.
alleging that the bengal government was closely following the style of functioning of the preceding left front regime, he said: i think there is no need for any discussions with the fascist, imperialist and feudalistic government in the present situation.
kishanji, ganapathy (cpi-maoist secretary) and many others favoured talks which is no longer required in the present situation, nor are interlocutors, he said.
slamming chief minister mamatabanerjee for derailing the peace talks when maoist leader akash had offered a one-month ceasefire, rao said, she had instead launched an all-out offensive against the rebels.
mamata mamatabanerjee always does the opposite of what she says, he alleged.
but asked how he felt that 400 persons were killed by maoists in jangalmahal in the past two years, rao remained silent.
new delhi: under attack by civil society, historians and the political opposition who accused it of attempting to privatise indias heritage monuments, the government on saturday clarified that the adopt a heritage programme run by the ministry of tourism entailed only development, operations and maintenance of tourism amenities in and around heritage monuments and did not, in any way, involve handing over of monuments to private partners.
the government came under fire from congress, tmc and cpm along with historians s irfan habib and william dalrymple over the tourism ministrys move to lease out the 17th century mughal-era monument to a private entity.
dalrymple expressed concern over the monuments auctioning.
.
.
off to a corporate house, while habib, said, history, particularly medieval, is being dragged into unsavoury controversies.
asi needs to keep a close watch, if that works at all.
the political parties, though, were less forgiving.
congress said, after handing over the red fort to the dalmia group, which is the next distinguished location that the bjp government will lease out to a private entity?
west bengal chief minister and tmc chief mamatabanerjee also criticised the move on twitter.
she said, why cant the government even take care of our historic lal qila ?
red fort is a symbol of our nation.
it is where indias flag is hoisted on independence day.
why should it be leased out ?
sad and dark day in our history.
last week, dalmia group entered into a mou with the ministry of tourism promising to spend rs 25 crore on developing amenities around the monument for the next five years.
the concerns at the move were also echoed by cpm.
its general secretary sitaram yechury, said, the parliamentary committee that went into the issue of handing over heritage sites to private corporate had decided against this unanimously.
govt should reverse its decision of privatising the red fort.
the government, however, clarified that the adopt a heritage scheme was nothing more than an effort to improve tourist amenities at heritage monuments to increase footfalls.
speaking to toi, tourism minister kj alphons said, the adoption scheme is aimed at involving communities in the upkeep of heritage monuments.
the responsibility of maintaining our heritage should not remain only with some babus sitting in dusty offices.
as community assets, we want corporates, schools, public or private individuals to take care of the monuments and to take pride in them.
there is no profit-making in this scheme, nor does it allow partners, public or private, to touch the monuments.
tourism secretary rashmi verma also clarified that all mous strictly laid down the mandate given by archaeological survey of india to the monument mitra who has adopted the site.
the mou clearly states that in case of any violation of the laid down tenets, the mou will stand revoked and that the asi can take relevant action against the concerned party, verma said.
the ministry also clarified that the adopt a heritage programme is a non-revenue generating project.
as a part of responsible tourism, monument mitra will spend csr funds and will be granted limited visibility at the monument and on the ministrys incredible india website.
with specific reference to dalmia bharat being awarded adoption rights over red fort, the ministry said, the agency was selected on the basis of unique concept of vision bid and no financial bid is involved.
it envisages limited access of non-core areas and no handing over of monument is involved.
this story is from february 4, 2019download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
kolkata: kolkata police rounded up a team of eight cbi officials who had gone to police commissioner rajeev kumars official bungalow on sunday evening to question him, and forcibly took them to the nearby shakespeare sarani police station, triggering an unprecedented confrontation between the narendra modi government and chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjee.
several hundred city police personnel laid siege to two central government buildings which house cbis offices and the joint directors residence as well as the enforcement directorate  prompting senior bureau officers to approach bengal governor keshari nath tripathi.
banerjee, sensing a political windfall from the cbi operation, first went to the police commissioners residence where she accused the centre of trying to stage a constitutional coup in bengal.
she then drove to the heart of the city to start a dharna against the centres super-emergency.
the siege of central government offices ended around 8 pm after an order from the cm to de-escalate the tension.
a team of crpf personnel then formed a cordon around the offices, indicating that the stand-off might continue in the run-up to the lok sabha polls, especially since the bjp has emerged as the trinamool congresss main opposition in the state.
the series of events started on saturday, with the cbi in delhi upping the ante against kumar.
agency officials alleged kumar was absconding and that he faced imminent arrest for allegedly delaying and diluting an sit probe in the sarada and rose valley chit fund ponzi scam.
this invited a strong rebuttal from mamatabanerjee and senior police officials.
(toi was the only paper that reported all of this in its sunday edition.
)on sunday again, additional commissioner of police jawed shamim convened a press conference at the city polices lalbazar headquarters where he labelled the cbi allegations  of police commissioner kumar absconding  as being baseless, mala fide and defamatory.
kumar had attended office every day, even on weekends, barring one casual-leave day on january 31, shamim added.
the cbi notices to kumar were also under a calcutta high court stay till february 13.
barely an hour after the briefing ended, all hell broke loose.
eight cbi officers (led by deputy superintendent of police tathagata bardhan) knocked at the visitors post at kumars loudon street residence, asking to be let in for official work.
security personnel posted there made the cbi officials wait as others spread the word that the cps residence had been besieged by the cbi.
deputy commissioner of police (south) miraz khaled was the first senior kp official to reach the spot.
he drove from his 35 park street office  a few hundred metres from his bosss residence  to question the cbi officers.
a few dozen cops, who accompanied khaled, tried to force the cbi officers into kp cars.
bardhan initially tried to step into his car, parked a short distance away on short street, while the others tried to cross over to the pavement opposite cp kumars residence.
but kp personnel, who outnumbered the cbi team heavily, succeeded in forcing them into the waiting cars and bundled them to shakespeare sarani police station.
around the same time, another cbi team reached park street police station with some documents but were asked by officer-in-charge to go to shakespeare sarani police station as the cps home fell under the latters jurisdiction.
banerjee herself reached kumars residence a few minutes into the drama around 7.
05 p.
m.
simultaneously, cops started being deployed around cbi offices at the salt lake cgo complex and nizam palace on ajc bose road, which also houses the residence of the cbi joint director (east), the highest-ranking cbi official here.
the siege continued for about an hour, before cops started withdrawing around 8.
30 p.
m.
by now, however, central agencies had decided not to take any risk.
central reserve police force personnel started arriving at these offices in a little while and formed protective cordons around them.
the cm was closeted inside kumars home for 40 minutes, where she met her top security advisors  special security advisor surajit kar purakayastha, state director-general of police virendra, additional director-general (law and order) anuj sharma and kumar himself  as the stand-off continued.
banerjees first comments after she came out indicated that she viewed the cbi measures as a political move and was going to fight this out politically.
they came to the commissioner of polices home without any court order or warrant.
the matter is sub-judice in the calcutta hc and there is a stay order.
this is blatantly wrong and an infringement on our federal structure.
it is not about the person (i rate kumar as the best police officer in the world) but it is about the office he holds.
that office provides security to the city of kolkata and has its own dignity and decorum.
it is my responsibility as the states administrative head to stand by my men and women who work for me and the state, unselfishly, she said.
she then lashed out at the constitutional coup and accused the centre of declaring a super-emergency.
elections are due in some time.
is it a coup?
is it article 355 or article 356 next?
i have been made a target for holding the january 19 united india rally in kolkata.
there was pressure on me but i did not buckle.
i have information that cbi officers were summoned to delhi that very day.
they were told kuchh toh karo (do something).
one person is behind all this; he is national security advisor ajit doval.
he is giving orders to the cbi.
they are taking control of all federal institutions, she said, before declaring that she would stage a dharna till this issue is resolved.
things always start before elections.
we saw this prior to the 2016 assembly polls, then just before the panchayat polls and now again before 2019 lok sabha polls.
separate inset:cbi joint director (east) pankaj srivastava told media that his officers went to police commissioner rajeev kumars home to ask him some questions and they had all the documents necessary for their work.
bureau officials said in delhi that they were monitoring the dramatic developments unspooling in kolkata.
union law minister ravishankar prasad went into a huddle with senior officials to work out a response, especially whether the centre should move the supreme court.
doctor protest at nrs (file photo)download the times of india news app for latest citykolkata: patients have been facing the heat of junior doctors' protest in west bengal as services remain affected in state-run hospitals and colleges for the sixth day on sunday.
at sskm hospital in kolkata, raiganj-resident samuel haque , who was admitted with a cardiac problem, said he was uncertain about his treatment.
his brother said, we came to kolkata last sunday when everything was normal and the outpatient department was functioning.
we admitted him on an emergency basis, with doctors giving date on tuesday for check-up, following which the date of surgery was to be decided.
but now no doctor is attending to haque, he said.
senior doctors say they don't have enough hands to conduct tests, he said.
his condition is deteriorating.
we cannot take him home because it is very difficult for my brother to travel long distance in trains.
we will wait till monday.
services in emergency wards, outdoor facilities and pathological units of many hospitals have been hit.
the doctor's strike began after two of their colleagues were assaulted at the nrs medical college and hospital by family members of a patient, who died on monday night.
they demand adequate security.
hundreds of doctors have resigned en masse in support of their colleagues.
chief minister mamatabanerjee has urged the junior doctors to return to work and said her government had accepted their demands.
but the doctors have demanded a dialogue with the government before ending their stir.
the strike has caused immense trouble for patients.
joydeb roy, a resident of barishat in north 24 parganas district, was admitted to r g kar hospital in kolkata with an injured leg.
a relative said he was referred to a government hospital, where he had to undergo surgery to place a metallic plate in his leg on an emergency-basis.
he is waiting for the surgery.
the senior doctors are saying they need help of junior doctors to conduct the surgery.
my husband is lying in the department (ward) waiting for treatment, roy's wife said.
junior doctors are the mainstay of any state-run college-hospital.
mokhtar hussain's family members are planning to return home in basirhat.
they have been waiting for two days at the calcutta national medical college and hospital for treatment to resume for hussain, a cancer patient.
i am suffering from high fever for seven days.
i cannot bear the pain.
but there is no doctor to carry out check-up.
the opd has been shut for two days and i cannot go anywhere else as things are the same there as well.
i don't know what to do.
i cannot spend this much money to stay here in kolkata.
i will go back home, he said.
family members of the four-year-old romita dhar, a thalassaemia patient, too face a similar dilemma.
when dhar's family took her to chittaranjan national medical college and hospital for check-up on friday, they were told to come on saturday.
it is very difficult to travel with a child who is suffering from thalassaemia.
i'll again come next week, her mother arundhaty roy said.
the patients admitted in government hospitals are also facing problems with pathological units not functioning as usual.
we don't have much money to afford treatment at private hospitals.
i appeal to the chief minister to find a solution to this problem.
why cannot our chief minister come for a meeting with the doctors.
.
.
they (junior doctors) have been saying they will end the stir if she comes to the nrs hospital for a meeting, mother of bastab dasgupta, who suffers from neurological problem and is admitted at nrs medical college and hospital, said.
this story is from february 14, 2019arvind kejriwal praised mamatabanerjee for the way she handled the showdown with the centre in west bengaldownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
new delhi: at a rally at jantar mantar on wednesday that was attended by several opposition parties, including congress, chief minister arvind kejriwal tore into prime minister narendra modi.
rafale deal is a big scam and pm narendra modi is directly involved in it, kejriwal alleged.
further alleging that the bjp government received commission for purchasing rafale fighter jets at an extremely inflated cost, kejriwal asked modi to explain who benefited from the commission.
on a day when cag tabled its report on the deal in parliament, kejriwal said, it has been recently exposed that for purchasing rafale (jets), each of which is worth rs 600 crore, at rs 1,600 crore, modi himself negotiated with the officers of the company.
it has been proved that modi himself took the decision to purchase the jets at rs 1,600 crore and officers could do nothing.
at the cost of hal, the contract was given to anil ambanis company by modi.
it has been proved that modi is himself involved in the scam.
the company which manufactures rafale jets was not of your uncle.
.
.
the company must have given some commission to you for the big deal.
.
.
in whose account was the money deposited?
kejriwal said.
praising west bengal cm mamatabanerjee , who also attended the rally, for the way she handled the showdown with the centre, kejriwal said, sending 40 cbi officials to kolkata police commissioners residence was a direct attack on the elected government and the people of west bengal.
narendra modi wanted to give a message across the country.
.
.
had the commissioner been arrested, all the state governments of the country and police of all states would have received a message that now they do not need to fear the state governments but only the modi government.
modi wants to destroy the constitution and democracy.
i salute mamatabanerjee for the way she chased the cbi officers and put them back in a bus.
the delhi chief minister described the jantar mantar gathering as historic and predicted that the gathering will result in the removal of the modi government.
kejriwal also asked people not to make a 12th pass pm again.
pms position is very important.
do not make a 12th pass the pmit is better to have an educated person as pm because the 12th pass does not understand what papers he is signing.
.
.
the second problem is that they do not consult with anyone.
.
.
they take arbitrary decisions, kejriwal said.
he also warned the people: if you again elect modi and amit shah, it will be difficult to save the country.
deputy cm manish sisodia added to it and said, removing narendra modi and amit shah is necessary to save the institutions of the country.
kejriwal also told the media later that congress should understand the mood of the country.
this election is to defeat modi.
.
.
everybody wants one candidate against bjp.
if congress does not understand this then people will teach it a lesson, he said.
tarakeswar: breaking his silence on the ongoing controversy over urban development minister firhad hakim chairing the tarakeswar development authority , the 450-year-old tarakeswar temple's mathadheesh, also the head of the temple estate authority, dandiswami sureshwar ashram, welcomed the tda 's efforts to develop and beautify the temple premises and adjoining areas.
he, however, will not allow any interference in the day-to-day running of the temple and its estates located across the country.
however, the administrative logic on appointing hakim as the head hit a brickwall.
hakim, as the municipal affairs and urban development minister, controls both the tarakeshwar municipality and the kmda - which would implement the projects.
but the state bjp opposed the appointment of a non-hindu to head the temple's development board.
senior bjp leader subramanian swamy even wrote to bengal governor keshari nath tripathi against it.
but speaking to toi, dandiswami sureshwar ashram said, i have spoken to the temple authorities in benaras, kedarnath, deoghar and even nepal's pashupati nath temple.
i have gone through the history of this temple too.
we were never communal.
sixty-five years ago, there was an elephant stable on the temple premises.
we had a muslim mahout called nazim.
we had given out land deeds to muslim peasants in bihar 's bhabua.
even last year in west midnapore's ghatal, we had given similar land rights to muslim peasants who have been cultivating these lands for generations.
they had always, unfailingly, given the temple its share.
it is for this we gave them the land rights.
i will meet the minister and speak to him over the projects, he said.
the mathadheesh said, the temple and its surrounding premises need to be developed and maintained.
for that any help is welcome.
why should we not allow this?
what we will never allow is interference in the manner the temple functions.
armed with the go-ahead, tda now plans to renovate the road between the temple and the railway station.
some of the work will be done by us, the rest by kmda, said tarakeswar municipality chairperson swapan samanta.
the temple estate authority has requested for the renovation of four lakes, including doodhpukur, which is frequented by pilgrims.
according to sources, the first step to break the logjam came from hakim himself.
while chairing the last tda meeting on november 16, he made it clear the tda's mandate was only to carry out the development work.
this story is from january 1, 2019navy personnel engaged in rescue operations came out of the coal minepunjabi lane clashesrti activist attackedkhasi marriage billhindu nation rowdownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
shillong: meghalaya , which is also known as the 'abode of clouds', had a tumultous 2018 as the state kept hogging the limelight for a number of issues that made news nationally.
from coal mafia attacking rti activist agnes khasiingh, khasi hills autonomous district council (khadc) passing a bill depriving khasi women of st status if they marry non-tribals, an hc judge saying that india should have been declared a hindu partition during parition, punjabi lane clashes to 15 miners getting trapped in a flooded coal mine, the state has seen it all.
though the year started on a promising note with the youthful conrad kongkal sangma taking over the reins from mukul sangma, the state first witnessed violence and then got entangled in controversies one after another as the year passed by.
in june, clashes erupted when a bus driver and his friend were attacked in the punjabi lane area of shillong following an altercation with some residents of the area.
as rumours of the assaulted victims dying in hospital spread on the social media, locals grouped together and went to attack the residents following which the entire area was put under curfew for over a month.
inter-city transport between guwahati and shillong was hit and internet services were also suspended to prevent futher escalation of the situation.
because of the curfew prices of essential commodities had skyrocketed, causing inconvenience to people.
earlier this week, the pubjab cabinet had approved a proposal for providing rs 60 lakh as compensation to the sikh community against damage caused to their properties during violence in shillong.
but the meghalaya government was unhappy with the decision saying that it would 'add more fuel to the fire' as the state government is trying to solve the issues amicably.
rti activist agnes kharshiing and her aide, amita sangma, were critically injured after they were attacked by a group of 30-40 people, led by suspected coal mafia, at shohshrieh village in east jaintial hills district on november 8.
the incident took place after the duo stopped by to take pictures of coal-laden trucks on the roadside.
she had suffered five wounds in her head, a broken arm and was kept in hospital for two weeks.
the state government paid for the medical expenses of both the activists following a high court order.
recently, the prime accused in the case, nidamon chullet, surrendered before the police in east jaintia hills district.
chullet is a leader of the ruling national people's party.
another accused, identified as cheerful k ryngkhlem, has also surrendered.
earlier, police had arrested six persons in connection with the attack.
the khasi hills autonomous district council (khadc) in july approved a bill that will debar a khasi woman from scheduled tribe (st) status and other privileges if she marries a non-khasi.
describing the legislation as 'insensitive', meghalaya state women's commission chairperson theilin phanbuh had said the khadc should have arranged for a public debate on the issue before tabling the bill.
the bill portrays a gender bias as as it talks only about women and chooses to remain silent about men who choose to marry a non-tribal woman.
meghalaya is divided into three autonomous councils - khasi, jaintia and garo.
the anti-mixed marriage legislation will be applicable in the three districts of west khasi hills district, east khasi hills district and ri-bhoi districts.
a judge of the meghalaya high court recently sparked a controversy by saying that india should have declared itself a hindu nation at the time of of the partition.
justice sr sen made this observation while disposing of a petition of one amon rana, who was denied domicile certificate by the state government.
pakistan declared themselves as an islamic country and india, since (it) was divided on the basis of religion, should have also been declared as a hindu country, but it remained as a country, justice sen said.
justice sen, who is the lone judge at the meghalaya hc, said i make it clear that nobody should try to make india as islamic country, otherwise it will be a doom's day for india and the world.
i am confident that only this government under pm narendra modi will understand the gravity, and will do the needful as requested above and our (west bengal) chief minister mamatabanerjee will suport the national interest in all respect.
justice sen has clarified that he never meant to challenge the country's secularism.
whatever is the truth, history and ground reality, on that basis i have written my judgment to save the citizens of india irrespective of caste, creed, religion or language and people should understand the history of india and live in peace and harmony.
he added, secularism is one of the basic structures of our constitution.
it should not further be divided on the basis of religion, caste, creed, community or language.
.
.
i would also like to clarify here that in my judgment, nowhere i have said anything against secularism and my judgment makes references to the history and one cannot change the history, he clarified.
justice sen had also urged the prime minister and other cabinet ministers to introduce a law to grant unconditional citizenship to persecuted hindus, sikhs, jains, buddhist, parsis, christians, khasis, jaintias and garos from bangladesh, pakistan and afghanistan seeking refuge in india.
i would like to make it clear that when i mentioned the government under shri narendra modiji, it is inclusive of the hon'ble ministers and hon'ble members of both the lok sabha and rajya sabha, justice sen stated.
i also mention here that i do not belong to any political party nor have i got any dream to get any political berth after my retirement and neither is my judgment politically motivated or influenced by any part, he added.
clarifying his observation that hindus and sikhs were victims of partition, he said, their presence in india is primarily due to the religious persecution that they have been facing through generations and nobody can deny that.
.
.
we should remember that whatever we call influx or foreigner, that is due to partition without proper referendum and wrong boundary demarcation and mainly on religious persecution.
as for his suggestion on extension of unconditional citizenship to minorities from neighbouring countries, he said, it is not uncommon to find people living in india for generations and yet having no proper documentation.
it would be inhumane to uproot them and displace them once again.
fifteen miners are trapped inside a 370-foot-deep illegal coal mine in meghalaya's east jaintia hills district since december 13 after water from a nearby river gushed in, puncturing the mine wall.
indian navy divers on monday entered the flooded mine and said the search would be feasible only after the water level inside the shaft is reduced to a safe diving limit of 30 metres.
on the 18th day of the operation, the navy divers stayed inside the shaft for three hours with a hi-tech gadget, under water remotely operated vehicle, and found visibility to be very poor - only one foot.
according to the navy, all precautions are being taken to ensure that divers do not suffer from decompression sickness, which is usually experienced in a compressed environment as that of the mine in lumthari village.
national disaster response force , air force, coal india limited, odisha fire services and some other agencies are assisting in rescue work.
this story is from february 8, 2019download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
kolkata: the centre has decided to inaugurate the calcutta high courts long-awaited circuit bench in jalpaiguri on friday, drawing a sharp response from the trinamool government that it was not kept in the loop.
a pmo communication said prime minister narendra modi, who will be in jalpaiguri on friday, will inaugurate the circuit bench  31 years after it was first conceived in 1988  after laying the foundation stone for the four-laning of falakata-salsalabari section of national highway-31d there.
president ram nath kovind issued a formal notification to this effect on thursday after the union cabinet approved the benchs establishment the day before.
speaking to the media on the centres unilateral decision, west bengal law minister moloy ghatak said: the decision to inaugurate the bench was not communicated to us in advance.
they did it all by themselves and informed us at the last moment.
we strongly protest against this decision.
a pmo statement said the circuit bench would provide speedy justice to the people of darjeeling, kalimpong, jalpaiguri and cooch behar in north bengal.
residents of the four districts need travel less than 100km to access the bench instead of 600km to reach the calcutta high court.
a petition before the hc questioned the propriety of the cms declaration, saying a cm could not make an announcement on a decision that was to be taken by the hc itself.
the court then decided to send its judges on august 30 to assess the progress of infrastructure facilities for setting up a circuit bench.
back in 1988, the decision to set it up was taken in a full-court meeting of the hc.
kolkata: senior bjp leader mukul roy on saturday claimed that nearly 107 mlas, a majority of them from the ruling tmc in west bengal , are in touch with the saffron party and are likely to join it very soon.
several trinamool congress (tmc) leaders, both at the state and district levels, have lost confidence in the mamatabanerjee banerjee-led party and are fed up with the way it is functioning, he told a group of reporters here.
nearly 107 mlas are in touch with us.
majority of them are from the tmc.
few are from the congress and the cpm .
they are willing to join the saffron camp very soon, roy said.
he, however, did not provide any further details.
roy's comments come amid several tmc councillors returning to the party after switching to the bjp.
since the lok sabha poll results, in which the bjp won 18 out of the 42 parliamentary seats in the state, six tmc mlas and one each from the congress and the cpm switched to the saffron party.
roy, a former tmc leader who joined the saffron camp in 2017 following differences with mamatabanerjee , also mocked the trinamool congress after it appointed political strategist prashant kishor.
the appointment of prashant kishor is an ample evidence that the tmc has lost confidence in the so-called charisma of mamatabanerjee banerjee.
that is why it needs a political strategist to save its sinking ship, he said.
kishor recently held a series of meetings with mamatabanerjee and her nephew abhishek mamatabanerjee over the tmc's performance in the lok sabha polls and on the ways to revive it ahead of the 2021 west bengal assembly polls.
given the assembly arithmetic in bengal, trinamool will win five seats and still be left with surplus votes.
it can allocate its extra votes to congress , which is short of around nine mlas to win a seat.
a trinamool-congress pact is seen as a strong possibility in the wake of the growing bonhomie between the two parties.
sharmistha mukherjee , president pranab mukherjee's daughter and spokesperson of delhi congress, is seen as one of the probables for the rajya sabha berth.
bengal congress chief adhir chowdhury, a known mamatabanerjee baiter, on sunday said: we will go by what the aicc says.
on sunday, however, chowdhury toned down his statement, we will go by what the aicc says.
the election commission's schedule has may 29 as the nomination deadline.
banerjee's meeting with sonia and rahul gandhi in new delhi for discussions on presidential polls was the primary reason for unease in bengal congress ranks.
a section in the state congress is keen to throw its weight behind the left front's 31 mlas for a consensus candidate.
while cpm general secretary sitaram yechury has expressed his desire not to contest for a third term, sources said a final decision is likely on tuesday.
an alliance with trinamool, sources argued, would be detrimental for the party in the state.
while congress had 44 mlas, five have since switched over to trinamool and mamatabanerjee nominated one of the defectors to rajya sabha on sunday.
this story is from december 22, 2018revellers at park street after the inauguration of the christmas festival on fridaydownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
she went on to say that the way bengal celebrated all its festivals, including durga puja, kali puja , chhath puja, eid and christmas, is an example in peace and harmony for the entire world.
i am delighted to be with you.
i feel proud.
i wait throughout the year so that i can come and join you in celebrating christmas .
i have loved christmas since my childhood.
in fact, in bengal, we celebrate all festivals with respect which is an example for the entire world, said mamatabanerjee on friday evening after opening the festival at allen park.
when i go for the midnight mass and attend other christmas prayers, i feel an inner peace.
i think i am not alone.
i find thousands of people waiting in the queue to enter the church and offer their prayers.
not all of them are christians but this festival brings people of all communities together, she said.
kolkata bishop probal kanto dutta said the message of christmas was to help fellow human beings who were not as privileged.
amidst all this celebrations, we cannot forget our fellow human beings who are not as privileged as we are, said the bishop.
kolkata: sskm hospital could lose its first mri machine which is now in the process of installation.
after a long wait, the machine had been commissioned three months ago following chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjee's intervention.
but the most expensive diagnostic equipment to be installed at the hospital so far could remain non-functional, courtesy a bureaucratic glitch.
while parts of the rs 9.
5-crore instrument have already been set up, there is yet no power connection to run the mri.
shockingly, no arrangement has either been made to refrigerate the helium which is needed to run the machine.
it will arrive in kolkata on september 26 and could be spoilt unless stored at a temperature of 1 kelvin or - 273 degrees centigrade.
the mri, being installed by ge healthcare, was commissioned soon after chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjee's visit to the bangur institute of neurology (bin) last may.
irked at the fact that the lone mri at bin was shared by sskm, mamatabanerjee had sought an explanation from the then director s p gorai.
gorai was suspended later that evening.
at least three weeks is needed to arrange for the electricity, according to pwd which has been entrusted with the job.
so far as storing the helium is concerned, none had any idea how it was going to be done in less than five days.
the typical volume of liquid helium in an mri magnet is 1,700 litres.
it helps to keep the magnet cool and retain its pull.
in early magnet designs, it would be surrounded by liquid nitrogen (77.
4k) which acted as a thermal buffer between the room temperature and the liquid helium.
in later magnet designs, the liquid nitrogen region was replaced by a chamber cooled by a cryocooler or refrigerator.
the latest mri machines have a refrigerator outside the magnet with cooling lines going to a coldhead in the liquid helium.
this design eliminates the need to add liquid nitrogen to the magnet, and increases the liquid helium hold time to 3 to 4 years.
the one being installed at sskm is a 3 tesla mri, the latest version.
without the refrigeration facility, you can neither operate the mri nor keep it functional.
in fact, the helium would warm up, solidify and get spoilt the moment it is exposed to heat.
that would mean spending at least rs 20-25 lakh just to get it repaired, said a senior sskm doctor.
soon after the machine was commissioned, senior health officials including the director of the institute of post graduate medical education and research, head of radiology, sskm and representatives of pwd and ge healthcare met at the health department on august 30.
it was decided that the cost of the power connection for the mri - rs 8.
14 lakh - would be borne by the health department.
an application was sent by the pwd to the health department for cables to be laid from a sub-station.
the file never moved.
the hospital authorities panicked when the ge officials visited sskm on september 15 and asked for an electricity connection by september 19.
work to install the primary components of the machine had already commenced.
when they approached superintendent provash chakraborty, the latter informed them that the file had been placed at the health department's technical advisory committee meeting.
it is up to the department and the pwd now.
we have done our bit, chakraborty said.
even as the pwd had sought three weeks to lay the cables, work to construct a chamber for the mri is nearing completion.
we expect electricity to be available by the time the helium arrives.
the decks have been cleared and we are keeping fingers crossed, said pradeep k saha, member of the sskm governing body.
senior doctors, however, pointed out that the chamber doesn't have space for a computer that will be required to operate the machine or even enough room for a doctor to occupy a chair.
also, we need security arrangements for the machine.
you can't allow just about anybody to walk into an mri chamber.
it could be risky for patients and visitors, said a doctor.
this story is from november 20, 2018west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee and andhra pradesh cm chandrababu naidumake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
kolkata: the opposition parties meeting to firm up plans on how to take on bjp in the 2019 lok sabha elections will now happen only after the results of the five assembly polls are out.
bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee met her andhra pradesh counterpart, n chandrababu naidu, at the state secretariat on monday evening, following which the latter briefed the media about the decision to defer the mahagatbandhan meeting from november 22 to any day before the start of parliaments winter session on december 15.
the meeting lasted for about an hour.
i came here to meet mamatabanerjee ji and we had a fruitful discussion.
we have cancelled the november 22 meeting because we are in the midst of assembly polls, naidu said.
but we want to meet before parliaments winter session and will announce the exact date later, naidu added.
state secretariat officials hinted that the meeting might be held on december 14, a day before the parliament session begins.
the results of the rajasthan, madhya pradesh, chhattisgarh, mizoram and telengana state polls will be declared on december 11.
the november 22 schedule was not conducive for the anti-bjp unity show as both bahujan samaj party chief mayawati and samajwadi party leader akhilesh yadav had been criticising the congress in their assembly poll campaigns, the bengal cm felt.
she then urged naidu to try and have all opposition leaders, including mayawati and yadav, on board to put up a united face against bjp.
banerjee, her party colleagues said, was looking at the planned brigade parade ground rally in kolkata on january 19 as the pace-setter for opposition unity as most anti-bjp leaders had confirmed their presence.
the bengal cm, however, did not go into what transpired at her monday meeting with naidu.
all opposition leaders except one or two have promised to come to the kolkata rally on january 19.
download the times of india news app for latest citykolkata: agitating doctors turned down the invite for a closed-door meeting with chief minister mamatabanerjee at the state secretariat on saturday, raising apprehension about their security, and instead asked her to visit the nrs medical college and hospital for an open discussion to resolve the impasse.
they said no representative of the agitating doctors would be attending the meeting called by mamatabanerjee at the state secretariat on saturday evening.
we feel highly insecure and apprehensive regarding our representatives' meeting with the chief minister behind closed doors.
that is why we are not sending any representatives to the chief minister's office to attend the meeting, said a spokesperson of the joint forum of junior doctors after holding a governing body meeting.
instead, they invited mamatabanerjee for a meeting at the nil ratan sircar medical college and hospital, where two doctors were allegedly assaulted by relatives of a patient who had died on monday night.
we humbly request the chief minister to meet all of us at the nrsmch to discuss and implement all our demands at the earliest, the spokesperson said.
we are open to a healthy discussion to find a solution to meet our demands.
we are deeply concerned about the sufferings of the common people, he added.
on friday night, the agitating junior doctors declined to attend a meeting called by mamatabanerjee at state secretariat, nabanna, saying it was a ploy to break their stir.
after the protesting doctors did not turn up, mamatabanerjee gave them time again at 5pm on saturday.
meanwhile, resignation by senior doctors continued in support of their protesting colleagues.
over 300 medicos across various state-run medical college and hospitals have resigned from their services.
kolkata: the west bengal government needs to be careful.
even as chief minister mamatabanerjee speaks of developing the sunderbans into a major tourist attraction, biologists across the globe are concerned about the damage being caused to the fragile ecosystem of the region due to the constant movement of vessels through it.
research carried out by scientists - including those belonging to the harvard university - speak of the silent ecological damage that is being caused to the sunderbans, thanks to the lack of any initiative on the part of the authorities to take firm steps.
while all attention is paid to the sunderbans tiger, which is at the top of the food chain, conservationists till now have made little noise about the silent damage that is being caused due to the release of ballast water, spillage of oil and other waste material from vessels passing through the mangroves.
the waves created by these vessels inundate the pneumatophores at odd times, causing an imbalance.
unchecked, this will bring an end to the sunderbans.
many a species may have already disappeared due to this unchecked pollution, a scientist from the ministry of forests and environment said.
under an existing trade agreement between the governments of india and bangladesh, barges and coastal ships are given unchecked access through the sunderbans.
several other ships that call on bangladeshi ports on their way to india also pass through the mangrove forests.
according to studies, over 400 vessels of various size sail through the forest every year, releasing waste oil, ballast water and bilge washings.
one of the most dangerous pollutants is crude oil and its derivatives.
the oil sticks to the leaf surface blocking stomata and affecting photosynthesis, respiration and water metabolism of mangrove plants.
commercial vessels pump sea water into ballast tanks to maintain stability while passing through deep waters.
when they approach ports - where the channels are shallow - this ballast water is released.
along with the water, several organisms, foreign to that part of the world, gets introduced to the eco-system.
studies have revealed that several of the organisms released in this fashion are parasitic in nature and destroy indigenous species.
studies in the bangladeshi part of the sunderbans have revealed that several new species have been introduced in this manner.
these have actually caused immense harm.
unfortunately, no extensive study has been carried out on the indian side, another biologist noted.
most countries have restrictions on the release of ballast by foreign vessels along the coast.
unfortunately, the restrictions are not strictly imposed in india.
experts believe that movement of all vessels, save for indigenous ones, should be restricted through the sunderbans.
a few years ago, a company had proposed to develop tourism in the sunderbans by sending in a large ship with all modern facilities.
while the west bengal government was in agreement, the proposal was shot down by the centre.
now that mamatabanerjee has been talking of developing tourism in the world's largest mangrove delta, better conservation efforts may be needed to ensure that it doesn't disappear from the face of the earth.
santiniketan: a chance remark by chief minister mamatabanerjee raised hopes that negotiations on the teesta water sharing might be revived, although sheikh hasina refrained from raising the issue during her meeting with narendra modi and mamatabanerjee here on friday.
aro onek jal gorabe.
e bhabei du desher samparka aro drirah hobe (a lot of water has flowed under the bridge.
a lot more will flow and continue to strengthen the ties between the two nations).
while banerjees statement may have been a bengali expression devoid of any reference to teesta water, bangladeshi diplomats were buoyed by her remarks and said it would surely figure in the talks when she meets hasina at an iftaar party prior to the latters departure for dhaka on saturday evening.
bangladesh state minister for foreign affairs shariar alam said: track two diplomacy on the issue is already underway.
we are talking about not just teesta, but 52 rivers that flow through the countries, he remarked.
mukutmanipur/chandpara: chief minister mamatabanerjee played santa claus at a public rally held in adivasi-dominated mukutmanipur in bankura on thursday by distributing freebies to as many as 23,500 beneficiaries.
i frequent this place to find out how you all are doing and point out the gaps in administrative work.
our government will continue with the old-age and widow pension even after the centre has stopped its share for the scheme.
we have sanctioned rs 258 crore to keep the scheme alive, the cm said.
banerjees going the whole hog for the adivasi cause seems to have been prompted by an apparent disconnect of her party ranks with the tribal population.
the cm had earlier given a piece of her mind to some of the elected representatives in khatra subdivision in an administrative meeting held a month ago.
her reaching out to scheduled caste- and schedule tribe-dominated areas followed a tour by trinamool-turned-bjp leader mukul roy of jangalmahal weeks ago with an eye on panchayat polls.
bjp has already planned a public meeting at durlabhpur in bankura on december 26 where roy will speak on tribal development.
i would like to know why a trinamool leader was killed in keshiary on wednesday?
roy said.
roy on thursday dropped a hint of his second set of arsenal against trinamool after the biswa bangla brand controversy.
the ruling trinamool is sitting on a huge corruption relating to painting the public utilities blue and white.
there has been misuse of public money over procurement of led lights and also over offloading the government stake in mother dairy corporation.
the government offloaded 47  of its share in the corporation to a city-based businessman through a single tender.
i have all the papers with me, he said at a public rally held in north 24-parganas gaighata.
aware of bjp stepping up its attack on trinamool, the cm on thursday named the party, which she was avoiding in the last few meetings and warned adivasis against conspirators.
some will try to mislead you.
dont pay heed to their canards.
some adivasis went to participate in a festival in bjp-ruled gujarat.
file photo of west bengal cm mamatabanerjee banerjee.
download the times of india news app for latest citykolkata: chief minister mamatabanerjee has flagged her dissent over the income tax department calling durga puja committees, and instead wants the centre to allow tax exemption to corporates that donate to the festival as allowed for corporates when they donate funds to political parties during elections under section 80g of i-t act.
on monday, mamatabanerjee condemned the interference in a religious festival that is now a social festival drawing people from across the world.
those who flaunted the hindu card before elections are now trying to collect tax from hindus after elections, the cm said in the backdrop of arch rival bjp being keen on patronising some durga puja committees, which have been a monopoly of trinamool seniors and ministers.
trinamool seniors fear that by calling some puja committees, the i-t department may armtwist them to break the partys monopoly and take to bjp patronage.
puja committees dont have any income (of their own).
they organise pujas with public money.
how can committees that dont have any income attract income tax?
the person who is giving donation has already paid tax in the form of gst or i-t.
why then are puja committees that survive on public donation being asked to pay tax for the second time?
this is an insult to the puja, she said.
the cms comments have raised eyebrows in bengal bjp.
such a remark doesnt behove the cm of a state.
the i-t department wants to ascertain whether the committees have deducted tds while making payments.
whats more is whether the corporates patronising pujas have actually spent the money on puja account.
we have nothing against the i-t department because we want justice to all and appeasement to none, said state bjp general secretary sayantan basu.
banerjee warned the i-t department against stepping into the religious domain.
mind it, durga puja is a religious festival.
hindus here perform the puja for four days, while muslims celebrate id, christians observe borodin (christmas) while other communities perform karam or baha or bihu festival.
there have been efforts to drive a wedge between hindus and muslims, bengalis and non-bengalis, rajbanshis and bengalis, she said.
the cm further said durga puja in west bengal was now a social festival that people from other communities took part in.
even foreigners come to our state to watch the puja.
it is an occasion for social gathering, she said.
we will give rs 10,000 to each puja committee as part of the governments social responsibility, she said.
kolkata: on a day the state bjp marches to lalbazar protesting against the deteriorating law and order situation in bengal, chief minister mamatabanerjee will call on prime minister narendra modi in new delhi on the demands of the state.
the meeting on thursday, which the cm described as a courtesy call, will come ahead of banerjee's two-day deliberations in the national capital with congress chairperson sonia gandhi and other opposition leaders on the forthcoming presidential polls.
if i get an appointment either today or tomorrow, i will discuss the ganga erosion problem and will ask for funds to deal with the problem of river erosion.
there are some areas where we are not getting funds.
i will talk on that.
i meet the pm at least once or twice a year whenever i go to delhi.
that is our routine and that is a courtesy.
that's why i have asked for his time, the cm said before catching an afternoon flight to new delhi on wednesday.
later in the day, sources confirmed that the pmo had agreed to her request and fixed a meeting with the pm around 3pm on thursday.
the modi-mamata meeting comes in the backdrop of the bengal cm intensifying her efforts to put up a consensus candidate for president.
banerjee will meet sonia gandhi and other opposition leaders on friday to finalise a common non-bjp candidate.
among the names doing the rounds as consensus opposition candidates are former bengal governor gopalkrishna gandhi and former lok sabha speaker meira kumar.
banerjee shares excellent personal rapport with both.
gandhi seems to be the choice of bihar chief minister nitish kumar and cpm general secretary sitaram yechury as well.
in her first round of meeting with sonia gandhi on may 16, the trinamool congress chief had indicated her preference for a consensus candidate for rashtrapati bhavan.
even as she assured the congress chief of her support to a common opposition candidate, mamatabanerjee pitched for a consensus candidate to emerge from the government's side.
the nda, however, hasn't indicated its preferences till now.
while the forthcoming presidential polls will top the agenda, didi has already indicated that she is unwilling to name anyone as the consensus opposition candidate before the ruling nda spells out its candidate.
she will not close the doors for even a consensus to emerge among the ruling and opposition block, a senior trinamool leader said.
president pranab mukherjee's term ends on july 24 and the election has to take place before that.
calcutta high courtdownload the times of india news app for latest citykolkata: the calcutta high court on monday amended its may 23 interim order directing the counsel of former kolkata police commissioner rajeev kumar, accused in the multi-crore saradha chit fund scam, to seek the permission of cbi, twenty-four hours before giving consultation to the former top cop.
a single bench of justice madhumati mitra amended the order, which further stated that the consultation between rajeev and his lawyer milan mukhopadhyay can take place only twice a week.
the matter is slated to be heard tomorrow.
in the may 23 interim order, the high court had directed rajiv to submit his passport to the cbi and prevented the investigating agency from arresting him for custodial interrogation in connection with the scam.
an unprecedented chain of events had unfolded on february 3 when a cbi team reached kumar's residence to question him.
the team was detained, taken to a police station and was later released.
west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee had also visited the officer's residence.
the implementation of the nrc as nothing but a political vendetta of the bjp-led central government.
she told the assembly.
we will never let bjp implement the national register of citizens in west bengal, she said at the assembly during a discussion on the motion on nrc under rule 185.
this (nrc implementation) is nothing but an attempt to divert the attention of the people from the ongoing economic crisis in the country, she said.
assam is the only stat in the country where the nrc has been implemented.
the final list was published on august 31.
there is nobody in the country to speak against the bjp in the country, mamatabanerjee added.
chief minister mamatabanerjee at an event to mark international mother language day, in kolkata on thursdaydownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
kolkata: chief minister mamatabanerjee has made it loud and clear that she doesnt subscribe to the shade of patriotism that prompts one to ostracise kashmiris living in the city in reaction to the pulwama terror attack on crpf jawans.
we cant turn away a kashmiri shawl trader from the doorstep just because an incident has happened.
if someone thinks that they have the exclusive right to live here and others dont, sorry, we do not support such a theory.
she was also dismayed at the threat given to a kashmiri doctor, asking him to leave the city.
how can someone dare to threaten a kashmiri doctor who is living in bengal for 20 years?
this is height of arrogance.
leaders of a political party, with their agenda of hate, are trying to sow the seeds of division.
my language has not taught me to hate anyone, the cm said, two days after meghalaya governor tathagata roy in a tweet endorsed a proposal to boycott everything kashmiri, including amarnath yatra.
in a tacit reference to the online trolling of individuals refusing to toe a particular line and the mobbing of a poet (srijato) in assam , the cm said: if you raise your voice, you are branded pro-pakistan.
they think they are the only nationalists, and rest of us are anti-nationals.
who are they to lecture us?
people of bangla must unitedly fight against fundamentalism with conviction and strength.
the ideology they espouse is not part of our culture.
their brand of religion is inhuman.
who are they to decide what a person can wear, what a person can eat, what language they will speak or which state they will live in?
the cm iterated that she respected all religions, languages and cultures, and her government had given official recognition to a host of languages such as ol-chiki, santhali, gurmukhi, rajbanshi, kamtapuri and kudmali.
this story is from january 20, 2019west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee , hd devegowda, ap cm n chandrababu naidu, karnataka cm hd kumaraswamy, congress leader mallikarjun kharge, sharad pawar, sharad yadav and delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal join hands together during tmc mega rally 'brigade samavesh' in kolkata (pti)make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
kolkata: as they put up another show of unity against the modi government, opposition parties also took a reality check of the need to buffer themselves against the criticism that they were a ragtag assembly glued together only by dislike for bjp.
at a mammoth rally hosted by west bengal cm and trinamool boss mamatabanerjee at the historic brigade parade ground and attended by 23 parties, former prime minister hd deve gowda seemed to recognise that the proposed anti-bjp front would be severely hamstrung if the potential components did not move beyond accusing bjp of arrogance and divisiveness to hash out a common plank.
people are ready to respond to our oust bjp call.
they will be asking us who after modi.
we have to work together to create an impression among the public that this coalition can provide a stable government.
the task is less easy than said, said deve gowda whose prime ministerial innings came to an end just after 10 months due to withdrawal of congress' support.
next comes seat-sharing.
there are two or three parties in each state.
senior national-level leaders should get involved and decide over seat-sharing.
after this, we need to form a small team of experts and draft a policy document, said the former pm in what appeared to reflect a recognition to solidify the mutually shared anti-bjp sentiment into a programme-based platform.
we have only two months for the entire process, he stressed.
bjp has mocked the gathbandhan challenge by seeking to tap into fears of instability and by claiming that the motley combination of its opponents was too disparate to be a viable alternative with a clear leadership.
congress leader mallikarjun kharge also seemed to appreciate deve gowda's concern, but struck an optimistic note that opposition parties have travelled some distance just by coming together.
our destination is far off.
even if there is not a marriage of hearts, let us walk hand in hand, said kharge.
mamata mamatabanerjee , however, chose to focus on a more pragmatic concern: the need to consolidate anti-bjp votes in each ls constituency.
all others should make way for the strongest bjp opponent in all the seats, said the cm as she worked up the legions of her devotees by declaring: the modi government has reached its expiry date.
ncp chief sharad pawar seemed to be responding to bjp's allegation that opposition parties were brought together by their lust for power when he declared: we have come here to protect the people.
i don't want anything else.
though the rally was high on enthusiasm and the opposition parties seemed to be eager to move on to the next stop, amaravati, where ap chief minister and tdp chief chandrababu naidu is set to organise the next show of strength, deve gowda's counsel was seen as a much-needed note of caution.
rahul gandhi's absence amid lingering speculation about adjustment problems with mamatabanerjee and the relentless incompatibility between the latter and cpm, which saw sitaram yechury hitting out at her, starkly underscored the imperative for the opposition parties to innoculate themselves against the saffron sneers of being opportunistic.
a shape of what a common policy plank might look like could be glimpsed through the themes which ran as common strands among the speeches.
the opposition leaders attacked the modi government for allegedly cheating farmers and the youth, undermining institutions and for misusing the cbi and ed to make them serve bjp's partisan ends.
the 23 parties were on the same page also over condemnation of bjp's alleged poaching efforts in the karnataka assembly.
if you (bjp) misbehave with the karnataka government, you will have to pay a heavy price, chandrababu said.
former ministers in the atal bihari vajpayee cabinet, arun shourie and yashwant sinha, took on the modi government for its lunatic decisions such as demonetisation and the government fudging statistics while disgruntled bjp mp shatrughan sinha accused prime minister narendra modi of corruption in the rafale deal.
mamata was particularly fiery in her denunciations of modi.
the prime minister gives out an impression that all are corrupt and he is the only honest politician.
from where does he get so much money for spending during elections?
he lacks the courtesy and doesn't honour the lakshman rekha.
he didn't even spare senior leaders - sonia gandhi, lalu prasad, akhilesh.
why should people spare you?
there are a lot of scandals piling under the rafale deal, jan dhan yojna, insurance for farmers, non-performing assets.
the challenge of knocking scores of parties into a stable political front notwithstanding, the rally brought out the intense anti-bjp sentiment which is driving its opponents who remain strong in their spheres of influence.
some observers claimed that they had the potential to win more than 100 seats from bihar, up, west bengal and tamil nadu alone.
there are expectations that even parties from tiny states in the north-east could contribute to the combined score by denting bjp's hopes of a smart performance in the region.
lalduhawma of the zoram nationalist party of mizoram threw a challenge to the modi government over the citizenship bill saying, india will no longer remain a suitable place to live for people in the northeast if this bill is enacted.
former arunachal pradesh cm gegong apang, who left bjp only a couple of days ago, also attacked the central regime for interfering with the people's dietary habits and other personal choices.
west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjee.
(ani)kolkata: on a day when people across the country are excited to witness ambitious chandrayaan-2's soft-landing on the lunar surface, chief minister mamatabanerjee on friday attacked the government saying that the mission's launch is an attempt to divert attention from 'economic disaster.
'as if the chandrayaan launch is the first in the country.
as if before they came to power, no such missions were taken up.
it is an attempt to divert attention from economic disaster, she said in the state assembly.
once 'vikram' module of chandrayaan 2 makes a soft landing on the moon on early saturday, india will become the fourth country after the us, russia, and china to achieve the feat.
after revolving around the earth's orbit for nearly 23 days, the craft began its journey to the moon on august 14.
the mission took off from the satish dhawan space centre in sriharikota on july 22.
quoting former prime minister manmohan singh , the chief minister said that the government should concentrate more on the economy than on political vendetta.
according to government data released recently, the gdp slump to a six-year low of 5 per cent in the april-june quarter.
chidambaram is being sent to tihar jail.
what is going on?
i am shocked why opposition parties are not uniting against such atrocities.
all are sitting silent.
we don't know whether chidambaram is an accused or not but how can we forget he was our finance and home minister.
law will take its own course but why chidambaram will be kept inside tihar jail like normal custody?
she said.
on thursday, former finance minister p chidambaram was sent to judicial custody till september 19 in tihar jail by a special cbi court in the inx media case.
mamata said that there is no alternative to a movement.
come together keeping our differences aside and let's start a movement against such atrocities, she added.
the chief minister claimed that names of genuine indians were excluded from the final list of the national register of citizens (nrc), which aims to segregate indian citizens living in assam from those who had illegally entered the state from bangladesh.
all pillars of democracy- media, judiciary- all being run by central advisories.
names of genuine indians have been excluded from nrc list, she said.
nearly 19 lakh people were excluded from the final nrc list.
however, those excluded can still apply to the designated foreigners' tribunals within 120 days for their cases to be heard.
mamata said that she spoke to bihar chief minister nitish kumar about nrc.
he (nitish) also said that he won't allow national register of citizens (nrc), she said.
the west bengal chief minister also said that she is against the manner, in which article 370 which gave special status to jammu and kashmir was scrapped.
people take a dig at indira gandhi for the emergency.
but i don't know what to term the present situation?
is this an emergency or fascism?
i am not against the abrogation of article 370.
i am against the process and there should have been an all-party meeting before the decision, she said.
emergency was imposed by then prime minister indira gandhi on this day in 1975, which was in effect till march 21, 1977.
today is the anniversary of the emergency declared in 1975.
for the last five years, the country went through a super emergency.
we must learn our lessons from history and fight to safeguard the democratic institutions in the country, she tweeted.
speaking in the rajya sabha, tmc national spokesperson derek obrien, too, referred to it as the the darkest day of india.
he said: democracy was strangled, misused, and two years later, the people of india gave a fitting reply to those who strangled and mutilated democracy.
today, on the 25th of june 2019, let me say this  we did not tolerate the emergency, and we will be alert, we will fight under mamatadi to never allow a super emergency.
in the lok sabha, party mp mahua moitras seven-faces-of-fascism speech also harped on this point.
moitra argued, the first sign  there is a powerful and continuing nationalism that is being sphered into our national fabric.
it is superficial, it is xenophobic, it is narrow.
it has a lust to divide.
it is not a desire to unite.
citizens are being thrown out of their homes and are being called illegal immigrants.
people who have lived in this country for 50 years must show a piece of paper to prove they are indians.
in a country where ministers cannot produce degrees to show that they graduated from college, you expect disposed poor people to show papers as proof that they belong to this country?
moitra said, there has been a 10-fold increase in the number of hate crimes between 2014 and 2019.
she said, with nrc and the citizenship amendment bill, we are making sure that there is only one community that is the target of anti-immigration laws.
she argued, in 2017, the united states holocaust memorial museum put up a poster in its main lobby and it contained a list of all the signs of early fascism.
each of the seven signs i have pointed to you featured in that poster.
there is a danger of fascism rising in india.
bjp, however, hurled back the emergency barb at banerjee.
speaking to reporters outside parliament, union minister prakash javadekar said, the way mamatabanerjee is conducting things in west bengal, is no less than a state of emergency.
she is doing a very bad job at running the state.
varanasi: bjp mla from ballia, surendra singh, on wednesday accused up minister and president of suheldev bharatiya samaj party (sbsp) om prakash rajbhar of minting money by inducting his family members into politics.
singh also compared the minister with aprostitute.
talking to reporters, singh said, the name of om prakash rajbhar should be changed into om prakash gharbhar, as he is minting money by selling tickets and inducting his daughter, son and wife into politics.
i am a teacher, if it is possible for me i can change his name to om prakash gharbhar, he added.
asked about his opinion on rajbhars allegation that bjp leaders in ballia are corrupt, singh said, vaishya ko puri duniya vaishya dikhti hai (a prostitute sees all like herself).
recently commenting on increasing incidents of rape, singh had said that parents should not allow their children to roam around freely, and advised them not to give mobile phones to their children.
he had also called west bengal cm mamatabanerjee surpanakha, the sister of demon king ravana, and also termed pm modi a reincarnation of lord ram.
20 electric buses were flagged off on wednesdaydownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
kolkata: more than a century after trams were electrified in kolkata, making it one of only a handful cities across the world with an environment-friendly mode of transport, the first set of electric buses hit the roads on wednesday.
in the intervening years, suburban trains, metro and the circular rail  all driven by electricity  had been introduced in a bid to make commuting green.
chief minister mamatabanerjee on wednesday flagged off 20 electric buses and another 60 are set to join the fleet this year.
these zero-emission buses will ply on three routes  airport-joka, shyambazar-nabanna, and tollygunge-bidhannagar.
environment advocacy group centre for science & environment (cse) executive director (research and advocacy) anumita roychowdhury said that with the introduction of electric vehicles, kolkata has a bigger opportunity than most other cities to phase in zero-emission mobility quicker because of its inherent advantages of a very strong public transport culture and short average travel distances.
kolkata is the most suitable for electric buses, she said.
nearly 89  of daily trips in kolkata are made on public transport.
electric buses will help improve the bus transport and increase passenger count.
we are optimistic about the electric buses.
they will certainly reduce the emission burden on the transport sector.
but it requires a huge investment and we hope the cost of buses will come down substantially so that we can replace all our diesel buses in phases, said wbtc managing director narayan swarup nigam.
the electric buses, along with trams, metro, suburban railway and circular railway, take the share of zero-emission pie in daily travel to 22 .
the electrification of buses can have a major impact on the citys emission pollution load as buses comprise 56  of the daily travel in the city.
if autos and taxis are also electrified, it will account for another 17  of daily trips.
the move towards electric vehicles acquires particular relevance in the wake of the very high pollution and exposure levels kolkata has been experiencing in recent times, especially during winter.
vehicles are one of the major contributors to air pollution in the city.
as kolkata does not have easy access to other clean fuels, its dependence on toxic diesel is high, leading to serious public health consequences.
kolkata: former fire services minister pratim chatterjee , who held the portfolio for 15 years till 2011 during the left front regime, passed away aged 79 on sunday following a cardiac arrest.
chatterjee, a widower, is survived by daughter kuheli ghosh .
the breathed his last at a private hospital in salt lake around 10am.
chief minister mamatabanerjee expressed condolences to his family and well wishers.
chatterjee had also acted in a number of plays and films.
barasat: chief minister mamatabanerjee took stock of the road expansion projects in north 24 parganas on tuesday in abid to keep pace with the changing skyline along bt road and jessore road.
the cm told officials at the district administrative meeting to see to it that board examinees do not get stuck up in traffic snarls one their way to examination centres.
the two key projects are six-lane expansion of the bt road from dunlop to barrackpore and construction of an elevated corridor connecting belgharia expressway and kalyani expressway.
the projects have been taken up to de-congest the north 24 parganas district headquarters barasat town.
while the expansion of the bt road has been planned taking into account the increased traffic load due to the upcoming residential high-rises, connecting expressways will help in taking away a major part of the heavy vehicular traffic from jessore road.
heavy vehicles from neighbouring burdwan, hooghly and howrah may not need to take jessore road after the construction of the elevated corridor.
they can avail the bypass route to take the kalyani expressway at a much lesser time.
taking belgharia expressway from dakshineswar is the shortest route to reach airport if one comes from baranagar, belgharia and from adjoining districts including howrah and hooghly.
the expressway can also turn out to be a relief for vehicles going to north bengal.
this apart, the government has also taken up widening (four-lane) of the bongaon-chakdah road.
the cm also asked district magistrate archana bhattacharya to conduct a survey of huge tracts of government land along the kalyani expressway that have been illegally occupied at bijpur and halisahar or have change hands as some of these encroachers have posed themselves as fake owners.
its a sheer coincidence that mukul roy and his son and bijpur mla subhrangshu have influence in the area.
i have received many complaints from the area, the cm said.
responding to actor-turned barasat mla chiranjeet, the cm asked the sports department to undertake an overhaul of the vidyasagar stadium that hosts national level football matches.
kotshila (purulia): the bengal government will provide 200 days work  double the 100-day job scheme now in place under the mahatma gandhi national rural employment guarantee act  to labourers who have been forced to return home from other states.
if someone is forced to return home after losing work in other states, i will provide him work.
tuesdays assurance came months after the bengal government announced rs 50,000 support for each family that returned to the state following the slump in the unorganised labour market after note ban.
banerjee also iterated her commitment for kanyashree girls pursuing higher education in colleges.
girl students in arts stream with an annual family income below rs 1.
2 lakh will be entitled to a monthly scholarship of rs 2,000, while it will be rs 2,500 for science students.
the government will make direct fund transfers to the candidates zero balance bank account opened jointly with the mother.
education, water supply, peace and recognition of adivasi language and culture are the major planks of banerjees plan to politically insulate this part of jangalmahal from maoist influence and prevent bjp from making forays into this adivasi land adjacent to bjp-ruled jharkhand.
the cm had won hearts during the last panchayat elections in jangalmahal in 2013 by ensuring subsidised rice supply at rs 2 a kilo to marginalised sections in this belt.
banerjee reminded people about the freebies following feedback that bjp had made inroads among adivasis in some stretches of purulia and bankura.
in fact, some bjp supporters had assembled at joypur in bankura to wave black flags at the cm, though she returned from purulia by a helicopter.
our neighbouring state jharkhand is rich in mineral resources.
what has the bjp government done for the people there?
there has been no development.
they have also grabbed adivasi land.
the cm added: we had also drawn up an integrated development plan for jangalmahal on a twin-sharing basis with funds from the state and the centre.
the bjp-led centre stopped funds, we didnt.
instead, we have allocated rs 110 crore to keep the plan alive.
we are also continuing with monthly pension for the elderly, disabled and widows even after the centre discontinued support for this scheme.
kolkata: terming as unfortunate the death of ccd founder v g siddhartha, west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee said on wednesday he was depressed due to harassment by different agencies, and claimed captains of industry were under pressure and contemplating shifting abroad.
she also alleged an atmosphere prevailed where opposition parties were also afraid of horsetrading, harassment and political vendetta.
i am deeply shocked by the incident relating to v g siddhartha, coffee cafe day founder.
it is indeed very sad and very unfortunate.
from what he has expressed (in his letter), it appears that he was greatly depressed due to harassment and pressure from different agencies because of which he could not run his business in a peaceful manner, mamatabanerjee wrote on her facebook wall.
the tmc supremo also excoriated the centre for its decision to divest its shares in public sector undertakings at a time of economic slowdown and rise in unemployment.
i hear from different sources that captains of industry are under pressure.
some of them have left the country and some are contemplating to move out.
all opposition political parties are afraid of horse trading and harassment and political vendetta, she alleged while extending her condolences to the bereaved family of the entrepreneur.
the west bengal leader said the common man was the worst hit by the economic slowdown.
she said the future of the country lay in a thriving industry and a robust agriculture that would create jobs.
if industry is demoralised, there will be no economic and employment growth.
as a result, more and more people will become jobless, she added.
she said she would appeal to the government to work peacefully so that people are confident that there will be no political vendetta and that (its) agencies will not destroy the future of the country.
siddhartha, the son-in-law of karnataka's former chief minister s m krishna, is suspected to have committed suicide by jumping into netravathi river on july 29 and his body was recovered on wednesday.
he purportedly wrote a farewell letter to the board of directors and employees of his company coffee day enterprises where he alleged harassment by lenders and tax authorities.
this story is from january 19, 2019jmm leader hemant soren (courtesy: twitter | @aitcofficial)make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
kolkata: jmm leader hemant soren on saturday called for uprooting the bjp from the country and said the opposition parties to give a fitting reply to the communal party in the next lok sabha polls speaking at the mammoth united opposition rally hosted by chief minister mamatabanerjee , soren said the way bjp is running the country will create a violent and disturbing time for the country.
we the opposition parties have to give a fitting reply to the communal reply to the communal forces .
.
.
we will have to uproot bjp not only from the centre but also from the states, the former chief minister of jharkhand said.
you are seeing a lot of opposition leaders here .
.
.
it is because of the present political situation in the country - how communal forces are gaining ground, how bjp is trying to run the country and the states.
i feel this is a dangerous situation for the country, he said.
referring to tribal jharkhand, he said the ruling bjp there was working against the adivasis and we must get rid of it.
the country, he claimed, is aware of the violence that is being perpetrated by the bjp in jharkhand, gujarat and in other states, including bengal.
soren urged the youth of the country to join in the efforts of the opposition parties to defeat bjp.
we have to give a fitting reply to the communal forces.
varanasi: irked over slow pace of development in his constituency, bjp mla from bairia in ballia surendra singh on tuesday said prostitutes are better than government officials because they perform their job after taking money.
in bhrasht karmachariyon se vaishyaon ka charitra achha hai.
vaisyaon ka bhi dharm hota hai, wo paise lane ke baad raat bhar stage par nachati hain.
lekin yeh bhrastachari kannongo, lekhpal aur adhikari paisa lekar bhi kaam nahi karte hain (the character of prostitutes is better than corrupt government staff.
prostitutes have character as they dance on the stage whole night after taking money.
but these corrupt kanoongo, lekhpal and officials don't do work even after taking money), singh said during a visit to bairia tehsil on sampurna samadhan diwas.
in bhrasht adhikariyon ne tehsil ki haalat vaishyalayon se bhi badtar kar di hai (these corrupt officials have made tehsil office even worse than brothels), he said.
this will not be tolerated.
i am ready to go to the jail and quit 'vidhyaki' (mla seat) in the interest of people, singh said and exhorted his supporters to teach a lesson to the corrupt officials with 'ghoonsa' (punch) if they ask for 'ghoos' (bribe).
singh has been is controversies in the past.
he had once termed west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee ravana's sister surpanakha and prime minister narendra modi a reincarnation of lord ram.
new delhi: the bjp-tmc sparring over violence in west bengal continued with home minister amit shah on monday saying the centre has a right to advise chief minister mamatabanerjee to immediately stop the spate of political killings.
rejecting tmc's charge of being selective in issuing advisories to west bengal while ignoring bihar and uttar pradesh, shah said the advisory to the tmc-ruled state was not for local law and order situation but for political killings.
he countered tmc's derek o'brien on bihar, where over 100 children died due to acute encephalitis, saying the home ministry does not issue health advisories.
shah also defended bjp-ruled uttar pradesh saying there were no political killings in the state since his party came to power.
he said it is banerjee's constitutional responsibility to stop the political killings in west bengal as these are not good for a healthy democracy and he has a right to advise the trinamool congress (tmc) chief and west bengal cm.
derek o' brien is a respected member who has a regret against my department that it issued two advisories in one week for west bengal.
he asked me why an advisory was not issued for bihar even though several children died, shah said, adding that home ministry issues advisories related to internal security and not for health reasons.
o'brien retorted that he had sought to know why an advisory was not issued to uttar pradesh by the home ministry.
to this, shah said the home ministry had not issued an advisory to west bengal over any law and order problem but for the killing of political party workers as it is a serious threat to democracy.
instead of raising this issue in parliament, i would appeal to mamatabanerjee to restore peace in the state as it is her constitutional responsibility.
she should do it immediately and i have a right to advise her.
these political killings are not good for a healthy democracy.
they should be stopped immediately, shah, who is the bjp chief, said.
this story is from november 17, 2018make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
vijayawada/kolkata: the fight between opposition-controlled states and the bjp-led centre widened dramatically on friday with andhra pradesh and west bengal forbidding cbi and other central agencies from operating within their boundaries.
in a marked escalation, governments led by chandrababu naidu and mamatabanerjee , both of whom are busy trying to erect an anti-bjp front, withdrew the general consent extended to the cbi.
with law and order being the responsibility of states and the cbi being a central organisation, the agencys investigation powers are limited to union territories and it cannot probe offences committed in states without seeking their consent.
the requirement is laid down in the delhi special police establishment act, 1946.
however, the supreme court and high courts can ask the cbi to probe a crime in a particular state even if the state is not keen to let the agency in.
the cbi, in case it considers necessary, can approach the sc and hcs for permission to take up cases or extend their investigation to a state which may wish to declare it to be out-of-bounds for the agency.
also, the moves by ap and west bengal governments will not affect ongoing investigations, filing of chargesheets and conduct of trials.
sources in the ap government conceded that the agency could continue to investigate and carry out raids in cases in which it has already obtained consent from the state government.
on an earlier occasion, sikkim had withdrawn the consent the cbi is required to take as per section 6 of the dspe act.
naidu justified the move by saying the cbi had been reduced to a tool for blackmail by the centre, an accusation which was soon endorsed by mamatabanerjee as she followed suit.
the cbi has lost its credibility, the trinamool boss said.
west bengal, incidentally, was the first state to open its doors to the cbi.
bjp alleged that a coalition of corrupt parties was taking shape in the country and the party would raise this issue at all political platforms.
recent happenings in the cbi have been cited as a lame excuse and a ruse to brazenly save the corrupt and extend political patronage to people and organisations involved in acts of corruption and criminality, bjps g v l narasimha rao said.
in fact, andhra pradeshs move was not limited to the cbi.
the tdp government withdrew consent also with regard to implementation of 63 central acts and 188 different sections of the indian penal code  a drastic move which many in the state government believe might hinder investigation and action by central agencies that deal with serious offences such as hijacking, smuggling and theft of antiquities and art treasures and those covered under central laws dealing with arms, atomic energy, benami transactions, customs, explosives, passports, narcotic drugs and money-laundering.
after breaking away from bjp, naidu has accused the centre of using the cbi, the income tax department and enforcement agencies to arm-twist opposition parties.
interestingly, ap gave its consent to the cbi only in august, that is after the break-up.
the fast-changing political scenario in the state after the attack on ysr congress president y s jaganmohan reddy last month forced naidu to do a rethink on open consent.
moreover, there were several raids by the i-t department and enforcement agencies on businessmen allegedly close to the tdp.
this story is from december 27, 2018make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
mandirbazar (south 24 parganas ): west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee has threatened to withdraw her state's contribution as premium towards crop insurance under pradhan mantri fasal bima yojana (pmfby), stepping up the ante against the modi government which is desperate to address farm distress following reverses in the three recent assembly polls.
i have come to know that officials of agriculture insurance company (aic) are reaching out to farmers in uluberia and sagar saying the centre has deposited the premium for the central scheme in their respective bank accounts.
these officials are trying to project the crop insurance scheme as the centre's contribution.
i vouch that this is a travesty of truth, she said.
the centre is trying to showcase the scheme as its own when it pays only 20  of the liability while the state bears 80 .
i am telling aic officials the state will withdraw its deposits with aic if they continue with such misinformation.
we can very well bear entire liability if we can pay 80  of insurance premium, she said.
state officials pointed out that bengal was the only state where farmers didn't have to pay crop insurance for rabi crops other than potato and onion .
the state government pays its own share and also the beneficiary's share, which adds up to 80  of the insurance premium.
the centre uses the pmfby tag by paying only 20  of the premium share.
according to state officials, the cm has introduced a crop insurance scheme called bangla fasal bima which is aimed at covering rabi crops, with the state bearing the entire cost of the premium.
now, when the cm has mentioned it, beneficiaries under pmfby are likely to be transferred to the bangla fasal bima scheme, a state official said.
the cm also listed government bounties in the agricultural sector.
we have abolished 'khajna' (land rent) on agricultural land.
the owner of agricultural land doesn't have to pay a mutation fee to get it registered.
we are giving farmer pensions to 1 lakh beneficiaries and have increased monthly pensions from rs 750 to rs 1,000, she said.
kolkata: west bengal continued to remain on the edge hours before polling for the panchayat election starts at 7am on monday.
overnight clashes were reported in west midnapore, malda and south and north 24-parganas.
three persons were killed  two in west midnapore and one in malda.
while police said one west midnapore death happened due to personal enmity, bjp claimed the victim was their supporter and lodged an fir naming trinamool supporters.
the renewed spectre of violence which erupted in bhangar on friday not only refused to ebb but spread state-wide even as cops hit the street to restore confidence among an anxious electorate.
police teams conducted route marches in all volatile zones.
chief minister mamatabanerjee on sunday appealed to voters to cast their votes without fear.
banerjee, however, added that the administration would be hard on trouble-makers and will act promptly.
she also urged the electorate to remain cautious about false propaganda in the name of news to incite people.
according to the sec sources, mondays polls will be held in 621 zilla parishads, 6,157 panchayat samitis and 31,827 gram panchayats.
about 1,500 security personnel from assam, odisha, sikkim and andhra pradesh are in the state to reinforce security arrangements for the polls.
the sec has, on the other hand, said all arrangements have been made for providing security.
around 71,500 armed personnel will be on duty, manning every booth.
in west midnapores daspur, a 40-year-old trader died after killers slashed his windpipe at his tatarpar home.
sukhdeb maiti also had assault wounds on his back.
the death prompted bjp to claim maiti was their supporter and lodge an fir blaming trinamool congress for his death.
the victims wife, however, told police that maiti and his business partner had a tiff over the rs 1.
2 lakh which maiti had lent him.
the murder, she alleged, was a fallout of that.
police arrested his business partner jaganath samui.
in a separate incident, 56-year-old monu hansda was hacked to death in west midnapores keshiary.
two persons have been arrested in this connection.
in malda, one person was killed and another faced an attempt on her life on saturday night.
early on sunday, ratua villagers found the body of a 45-year-old with bomb splinter wounds.
he was later identified as abdul barek (45) of bilaimari village.
md jalaluddin, his kin, alleged barek wasnt a political activist and may have got caught in the bombing.
marjina biwi of mahishbathani under malda ps was attacked with sharp weapons.
she was stabbed with sickle on her head.
meanwhile, a woman congress worker of habibpur alleged that she was molested by a local trinamool leader on saturday night when she was returning home from a campaign.
in cooch behars dinhata, trinamool worker abidul haque (25) was injured after being hit by a bullet.
midnapore: the knives are out for local trinamool leaders in the three jangalmahal districts of jhargram, west midnapore and purulia over the poor performance of the ruling party in the recently held rural polls.
trinamool sympathisers and even panchayat office-bearers have vented out their angst on social media, days ahead of chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjees jhargram visit on may 29.
dasharath hembram, once a confidential assistant of former paschimanchal unnayan minister sukumar hansda, wrote on facebook: should the leaders from jhargram continue after the defeat?
a tmc loyalist, primary school teacher subrata saha reacts: people in jangalmahal didnt vote for bjp, they voted against our arrogance.
prasenjit yadav expresses lack of confidence in the present leadership.
there is no capable leader in jangalmahal to carry out the development works of mamatabanerjee , he says.
dipika bera, the karmadhyaksha of a panchayat samity under gopiballvpur ii, writes: trinamool has defeated trinamool in the region.
in her post, bera urged the tmc chief to engage transport minister subhendu adhikari as district observer.
all these posts have one thing in common.
they point to a gap that has resulted in tmcs defeat on the home turf of trinamool ministers and leaders.
for instance, all the eight gram panchayats under obc minister churamani mahatos gopiballavpur assembly segment went to bjp.
trinamool also lost all the seven panchayat seats under gopiballavpur-i block, among others.
amid this political blame game, some have found a caste angle to trinamools defeat.
they argue that the local kudmi community (different from the kurmis in bihar, up), now placed under obc-b category, voted against trinamool because their fellowmen in the party like santiram mahato and srinkanta mahato worked against the organisations, leading the stir for an st status for the community when the mamatabanerjee government issued a circular sympathising their cause.
veteran naxal leader santosh rana, who hails from a gopiballavpur village, doesnt agree to this view.
there are a handful of kudmis (mahatos) in the villages under gopiballvpur-i along the subarnarekha river.
yet, the ruling party has lost in all the seven gram panchayats in the block like it did in jhargram villages where mahatos have a substantial presence, rana said.
according to rana, the trinamool chiefs over-dependence on the former police superintendent of jhargram (bharati ghosh) has done the damage.
the jhargram sp used to double up as district trinamool president till the other day.
she used to take decisions, torment defiant party activists and also villagers.
her exit created a void that the district leaders couldnt make up for, rana said.
the alienation of the district trinamool leaders became apparent from the success of movements such as dahar chhanka (road blockade) and jigir jita gobchan (indefinite sit-in), demanding inclusion of kudmis on the list of scheduled tribes.
trinamool leader santiram mahato held a meeting at akasganga hotel and asked trinamool supporters to work against us, said adivasi kudmi samaj spokesperson ajit mahato .
we mentioned this in our meetings in jangalmahal.
but we didnt give any directive to our supporters during elections because mamatabanerjee wrote to the centre for including us in the st category, mahato said.
some in tmc fear a social tension brewing up in jangalmahal between santhals, bhumij and kudmis claiming an st status.
the kudmi movement, if not handled properly, may lead to an assertion of identity like matuas in north 24 parganas.
as many as four general category assembly seats  gopiballavpur, jhargram, salboni and garbeta  may turn into reserved ones in addition to chandrakona, binpur, keshiary, nayagram and keshpur, now reserved for scs/sts in paschim midnapore.
the mahatos may then claim representation in these seats strong enough to upset the social fabric in jangalmahal, said retired government employee mukti soren.
trinamool congress has decided to oppose the draconian bill in parliament and hit the streets.
the common people are anguished at what the bill could do to ruin their lives through the activities of the proposed financial resolution corporation, she added.
new delhi: on the second anniversary of the central government's demonetisation drive on thursday, the congress party criticised the prime minister narendra modi-led centre's move by calling it a 'black day' for indian democracy and economy.
the cost and destruction by demonetisation was endured by every citizen of this country other than few crony capitalist friends of prime minister modi.
demonetisation was a black day for our democracy and our economy, read a post on the official twitter handle of the congress party.
resonating similar sentiments, west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee also took to the micro-blogging site and wrote, #darkday today is the second anniversary of #demonetisation disaster.
from the moment it was announced i said so.
renowned economists, common people and all experts now all agree.
on november 8, 2016, @narendramodi announced demonetisation alias notebandi.
it was an epic failure.
over 100 people died standing in bank queues.
on second barsi of this tuglaki farman please observe 2 minutes silence for martyrs of this folly, congress leader manish tewari tweeted.
we of course are not going to do that!
for we are civilised.
however @narendramodi 730 days later don't you think you should stand up at 8 pm today evening and just apologise to the nation.
after all it is but human to err- it is another matter that over 100 people died due to it, read another tweet.
the congress party is expected to observe a 'black day' to mark the second anniversary of demonetisation, according to sources.
last year, too, the congress and other opposition parties protested at various places across india against the central government's drive.
two years ago,a disaster struck india's economy.
so much so that the pm has now stopped speaking about demonetisation after ruining lives of ordinary citizens.
history will remember this day as a black day.
when you caste your vote for lok sabha-never forget notebandi, tweeted congress leader ahmed patel.
on november 8, 2016, the centre had declared rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes as non-legal and introduced new rs 500 and rs 2,000 notes.
since then, various opposition leaders have highly criticised the centre's move, while the members of the bharatiya janata party (bjp) and its allies have backed the decision.
this story is from december 29, 2018k chandrasekhar rao (file photo)download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
hyderabad: telangana rashtra samithi (trs) will have a party office in the national capital.
trs president and chief minister k chandrasekhar rao considered some possible sites in new delhi, where the office can be constructed.
the site will be finalized with the approval of a vastu expert.
with kcr firm in playing a bigger role in national politics , the party leader has already met leaders of several regional parties.
according to trs sources, kcr considered some sites in new delhi for construction of the party office.
sources said while the foundation stone is expected to be laid after sankranti in january next year, the construction will be completed in the shortest possible time, possibly three months.
trs mps and vastu expert sudhakar teja went around to identify a suitable site for the party office.
in a note, the trs said it would be entitled to allocation of 1,000 sq yards of land for construction of a party office in the national capital.
after being sworn in as chief minister of telangana for the second time, kcr had embarked on taking forward his mission of forming a federal front.
on december 24, he began his tour and returned to the city on friday.
during his tour he met odisha chief minister naveen patnaik of the biju janata dal, and west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee of trinamool congress.
in new delhi, he called on prime minister narendra modi and reiterated some of the demands of the state that he had put forward as chief minister earlier.
is it official?
controversial cutthe jam she causednew delhi: amidst allegations of corruption against the west bengal government, the new word trending in the state's politics is 'cut money'.
as bjp corners the government on cut money, cm mamatabanerjee has inadvertently admitted to corruption in the ruling trinamool congress.
but what is cut money and how does it qualify to be categorised under corruption?
cut money is the unofficial commission charged by local politicians for getting government grants for local area projects approved  so named for the 'cut' of the total money given by the government department.
so for instance, if the government releases rs 100 toward financing a particular project, the local area politician, who many times are elected representatives, will take, say, rs 25, as 'charges' for helping get the grant.
this cut is shared all the way up from the lowest grassroots level politician to the senior most in the ruling party's food chain.
not at all, but since when did that stop anything.
the cut is usually taken in cash, to prevent any records of the money coming on the taxman's radar.
given that funds released for a project run into several crore, the cut money from a single project could run into many lakh  as evident from the fact that an all india trinamool congress (aitc) booth president trilochan mukherjee returned over rs 2.
25 lakh cut money taken from 141 labourers from their eight months' wages.
besides, it's not like the malaise is limited to just the aitc or west bengal  a transparency international report last year revealed that bribery in india grew 11  in one year, with government officials of punjab, mp and up the most corrupt.
west bengal chief minister and aitc founder mamatabanerjee stirred a hornet's nest when last week, at a meeting with party workers, she warned them to return the cut money or get ready to go to jail.
the warning, a tacit admission of the corruption that has seeped in aitc, has also led to a lot of heartburn among the grassroots level workers who feel that they are being cornered to return their cut of the money while there's no word on the senior leaders of the party to whom a percentage of the cut was also given.
in fact, aitc mp satabdi roy criticised banerjee's directive, saying that a person who has taken cut money directly is only the front man.
there are others who are behind him.
they have also taken their share, so the money has to be returned according to this chain.
while mamatabanerjee may have thought she was pre-empting an opposition move to nail her government on corruption, the legacy of cut money is believed to be a carry-over from the decades of left party rule in the state.
apart from the opposition  the congress, the left and the bjp  who have cornered the mamatabanerjee government on the issue in the state assembly, locals across the state are coming out in protest demanding a return of the cut money.
this has, in turn, created a law and order issue, forcing the police to ask protestors to file a police complaint against people who have taken cut money, in order to get a 'refund'.
the state police registering cases against the state's ruling party mlas?
that ought to be interesting!
meanwhile, bjp mp saumitra khan, who raised the issue of cut money in the lok sabha on thursday, sought an investigation into how much funds have gone into the chief minister and her family's account.
this story is from february 5, 2019saradharose valleymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
new delhi: the current scuffle between the centre and west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee has its origin in the saradha and rose valley ponzi schemes which were earlier being investigated by kolkata police commissioner rajeev kumar.
here's a look at what these two ponzi schemes are all about.
* a consortium of over 200 private companies of the saradha group, believed to be running collective investment schemes, collected about rs 3,500 crore from 1.
7 million investors, before it collapsed in april 2013.
cbi found irregularities to the tune of rs 2,500 crore* it, ed launched multi-agency probe into the saradha scam and similar ponzi schemes.
* in may 2014, the supreme court, citing inter-state implications, possible international money laundering , serious regulatory failures and alleged political nexus, transferred all investigations into saradha and other ponzi schemes to cbi.
* in april 2013, saradha founder and scamster sudipta sen wrote an 18-page confessional letter to cbi, in which he admitted he had paid largesums of money to several politicians, businessmen, journalists, and others saradhas modus operandi was to lure lakhs of investors to deposit money in its schemes with glossy brochures and promise of abnormally high returns.
group said to have benefited in its schemes due to its alleged closeness to tmc.
* in saradha, properties worth around rs 1,000 crore have been attached in bengal, assam , delhi, up and maharashtra.
attached assets include flats, bungalows, bank deposits, lands, resorts, school, dairy farm, vehicles etc.
in rose valley, ed has attached properties worth around rs 1,950 crores.
* rose valley groups ex md shibamoy dutta had told cbi that they cheated lakhs of investors of rs 10,000cr, four times higher than the saradha scam and also considered the biggest ponzi scandal ever.
* dutta had created an empire with the help of 2.
7l lure people to invest in the schemes run by the group.
* rose valley group had 8 divisional offices, 21 regional offices, 880 branches, nearly 20 lakh enlisted agents and 2.
7 active agents.
* group had 23 hotels and three amusement parks.
kolkata: with the state government unable to subsidize mother dairy, its loss-making psu, the milk producer has launched a product at a higher price to get out of the red.
mother dairy underwent restructuring in 2008.
the higher brand may eventually replace the lower one, sources revealed.
and this way, the government won't be accused of hiking the price of milk.
chief minister mamatabanerjee , who is dead against burdening common people, had shot down a proposal to increase the price of haringhata milk.
it was forwarded to her two months ago by animal resources development (ard) minister nure alam chowdhury.
but she seems to have agreed to refurbish mother dairy, allowing it to launch a higher brand.
for, this was the only way to save the once profitable company.
mother dairy, which has swayed between profit and loss, took a beating since april this year.
the losses peaked to rs 5.
5 crore in september.
that's when the ma, mati manush government came up with the innovative idea of launching a new brand, ma shakti.
, with a higher price tag.
the milk was produced with tinned milk powder (tmp) imported from ireland.
it was mixed with raw milk to produce a higher quality.
a packet of ma shakti (500 gm) costs rs 15 against rs 12 for cow milk, the usual brand.
milk commissioner uk.
nandy said, around 1 lakh quintals of ma shakti milk is being produced daily.
sources at writers' revealed that mother dairy with the higher priced ma shaktimay eventually replace cow milk, of which it is already producing less, with the higher priced ma shakti.
this way, the new government would not be accused of increasing milk price as the higher cost would be charged for a higher brand.
mother dairy, which was part of operation flood of the national dairy development board (nddb), began slipping into the red from 2008.
a business optimization plan was prepared for the psu with 450 regular staff and 500 contractual ones.
a study by consultants deloitte recommended corporatizing mother dairy, among other measures.
even as the erstwhile left front government stopped short of implementing the recommendations, the milk producer overcame its losses in 2010 but was back to square one since april, 2011.
the losses were incurred because the cost of tnp shot to rs 180 to rs 200 a kg from rs 140 a kg last year.
also, there was scarcity of raw milk.
hopefully, mother dairy will turn around with ma shakti getting a good market response, said nandy.
kolkata: the ruling trinamool congress today headed for a massive victory in west bengal 's rural polls, bagging 19,394 seats in gram panchayats, while the bjp emerged as its main rival, though with a tally that was far lower than that of the tmc, according to results declared till the evening.
state election commission (sec) sources said the trinamool was ahead in another 560 gram panchayat seats for which counting was in progress.
the bjp had won 5,050 seats and was leading in 55 seats, the sources said.
this is the first time in many years that the bjp has been elected to the gram panchayat level in every district of the state.
the bjp had made its presence felt in rural polls in the districts after the 1992 babri masjid demolition.
the cpm slipped to the third position from the second place it occupied the last time panchayat polls were held.
it won 1,306 gram panchayats and was ahead in another 27, the sources said.
the congress emerged fourth among the political parties by winning 918 seats and leading in 29 seats - a score lower than that of independents who won 1,614 gram panchayat seats and were leading in 39 seats.
a jubilant tmc said the result would boost the party ahead of next year's general election as the rural poll was the last major electoral event in the state before 2019.
the bjp said the result, which saw its emergence as the main challenger to the ruling party in bengal, would act as a morale booster for the party's rank and file.
the tmc outraced the others in panchayat samiti seats, too, winning 560 of them so far and leading in another 350.
the bjp won 24 seats and was leading in 16.
the cpm won seven seats and was leading in six, while the congress could grab just one seat and was leading in one, the sec sources said.
in zilla parishads, the tmc won 55 seats, with a complete sweep in burdwan west district, and was leading in 30 seats.
the other political parties were yet to open their account.
in purulia, the tmc and bjp had a close fight in the gram panchayats, winning 748 and 626 seats respectively till 6 pm today.
the congress and the cpm bagged 147 and 144 seats respectively, the sources said.
in jhargram too the tmc and the bjp were engaged in a close battle for the gram panchayat seats, winning 372 and 329 seats respectively.
the cpm trailed far behind with 13 seats and the congress was yet to open its account.
in malda, a traditional congress stronghold like murshidabad, the tmc won 973 gram panchayat seats, the bjp 502, the congress 359 and cpm 101.
the tmc bagged 918 seats, followed by the congress with 359 seats, in murshidabad.
the cpm and the bjp bagged 111 and 54 seats respectively in the district, the sec said.
in nadia, another border district like murshidabad and malda, the tmc won 1,362 gram panchayat seats, the bjp 508, the cpm 148 and the congress 54 seats.
in south 24 parganas, the tmc bagged 1,916 gram panchayat seats, followed by bjp with 351, cpm with 144 and the congress with 33.
in east midnapore, the tmc won 1,969 gram panchayat seats, the bjp 177, the cpm 134 and the congress 15 seats.
the three-tier panchayat poll was held in 621 zilla parishad, 6,123 panchayat samiti and 31,802 gram panchayat seats in 20 west bengal districts on may 14.
the counting of votes began at 8 am today amid tight security.
of the total 48,650 seats in gram panchayats, 16,814 went uncontested.
there was no contest for 3,059 of the 9,217 panchayat samiti seats and in 203 of the 825 zilla parishad seats.
the bjp said had the elections been free and fair the party would have won 50 per cent of the seats.
despite so much of violence we have won more than 5,000 seats in gp (gram panchayat).
had the elections been free and fair we would have won 50 per cent seats at all the three levels of the panchayat, state bjp general secretary sayantan basu said.
widespread violence during the polls claimed at least 12 lives and left 43 injured.
the cpm and the congress dubbed the election a farce.
the tmc, on the other hand, said the people of bengal had voted in favour of development ushered in by chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjee.
people have voted in favour of development and have defeated the forces who were spreading canards against our state, tmc secretary-general partha chatterjee said.
kolkata: an attempt is finally under way to remove an eyesore that has permeated the very fabric of the city in the past three decades.
the mesh of cable wires hanging from lampposts, trees and every vantage point not only spoils the city's skyline, it has even caused fatal accidents like the death of an 18-year-old youth in park circus this january.
speaking at the cable tv summit, she urged all stakeholders, including kolkata municipal corporation (kmc), public works department (pwd) and private utility cesc whose posts are used to string up the cables to chalk out astrategy that would set the house in order.
the cable tv industry has progressed and prospered in the past three decades.
there is alot that you have done.
but there is something more that you need to do, especially in removing the mess of cables that has become an eyesore.
all stakeholders should evolve a publicprivate partnership ( ppp ) model to either take the cables underground or carry it overhead through a pipeline, she said.
while constructing ducts will be expensive and time consuming, cable operators said the mess can be cleaned up if multiple users including, msos and telecommunication firms that also use overhead optic fibre cable ( ofc ) lines to provide internet connection join hands to lay cables.
the city has around 2,500 cable operators and 17 lakh cable homes, where the cables are connected.
a conservative estimate puts the length of cables dangling all over the city at 20,000 km.
on main roads, one could find 50-100 cables of which half could be damaged and should have been removed while fresh cables were being laid but have been left there.
any drive to bring order to the system will lead to natural clean-up.
sudip ghosh of manthan welcomed the proposal and said all msos would support the government in its drive.
the drive will require setting up of a design and technical team that will create the architecture for laying the cable network afresh across the city.
this story is from february 3, 2019west bengal governor k n tripathi (file photo)download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
kolkata: west bengal governor k n tripathi feels that every political party has the constitutional and democratic right to conduct their programmes, a remark that comes against the backdrop of the state government denying permission to the bjp to hold a 'rath yatra'.
commenting on political violence in west bengal, tripathi said violence should always be deprecated and condemned whether it is linked to political or criminal activities.
in a democracy, political programmes are bound to take place.
this is a part of constitutional and democratic right, and all parties should therefore obey the command of the constitution and follow it in true spirit, tripathi told pti in an interview.
he was asked whether it is right for a state government to stop political parties from taking out rallies and yatras.
tripathi however refrained from naming any particular political party or government.
the former bjp veteran's comments came at a time when the tmc government's denial of permission to the saffron party to take out a 'rath yatra' that would have criss-crossed the state's all 42 lok sabha seats ahead of the general elections has become a flashpoint between the two parties.
while appealing to the people of west bengal to maintain peace and abide by law in the run up to the lok sabha polls, tripathi said, violence should always be deprecated and condemned whether it is connected with political activities or criminal activities.
referring to alleged rise in incidents of communal violence in west bengal, tripathi said, violence, because of communal reasons or otherwise, doesn't find favour with people.
tripathi insisted that tolerance was the most important factor in a democratic society, and that peace could be ensured if people had patience to listen to, appreciate and evaluate the views of others.
the state was rocked by a string of incidents of communal violence including the riots in dhulagarh and kalichowk in 2016, basirhat in 2017 and in asansol in 2018.
acknowledging that there seems to be intolerance in the country, tripathi said he personally feels that all political parties should take steps to make people understand the importance of tolerance and patience so as to ensure a congenial atmosphere in society.
when asked about the war of words he had with chief minister mamatabanerjee during the basirhat riots, he said, every state has a duty to act impartially and maintain law and order as acting impartially engenders faith in the government.
a bitter war of words had broken out between mamatabanerjee and tripathi during the basirhat communal conflagration.
banerjee, while addressing media after her telephonic talk with tripathi, had accused him of insulting and threatening her.
she had gone to the extent of claiming that the governor was acting like a bjp block president.
on being asked whether the idea of recommending president's rule ever crossed his mind during his gubernatorial stint in west bengal since july 2014, he said he formed opinions on the basis of material available with him.
and that opinion is communicated to the appropriate authorities.
it has to be confidential, he said, in a terse reply.
on the allegation by some tmc leaders that he has turned raj bhavan into bjp's back office, the thrice former speaker of uttar pradesh assembly, said people come to meet him in exercise of their right to expression, they put forward their grievances, which are considered and necessary action taken.
voicing concern over illegal infiltration from across the india-bangladesh border, tripathi said it affected the country's security and needed to be stopped.
illegal immigration continues, for whatever reason it does, and all effort should be made to stop it.
it will be in national interest to stop it, he said.
this story is from december 7, 2018cm mamatabanerjee at the administrative meeting in digha on thursdaydownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
sprawling over a three-acre area, the convention centre has a capacity to accommodate 1,000 delegates at a time.
business delegations from across the country and abroad often prefer seaside venues for holding conferences.
while the members of the delegation are busy in meetings, their families can spend time on the beach for a day or two, the cm said, asking the digha shankarpur development authority (dsda) to improve the cleanliness of the area.
mamata advised the dsda to engage 100 people from the fishermen families residing along the beach for keeping the nearby areas clean.
i would insist you engage men from families of fishermen.
they have a natural love for the area.
they will sweep the streets, water the beach area, collect plastic and dissuade people from spitting, the cm said.
she then asked the public representatives to be stringent in supervision.
i won't tolerate any lapse.
local leaders often engage people but don't supervise the work.
the state is paying for the work and these people can't just sit back home, the cm said.
district officials and digha hotel association members lauded the government's development work.
as per estimates, 26 lakh tourists, including foreigners, visit digha every year.
the cm further emphasized on solid waste management and improve waste segregation, collection and transportation to the dumping site at jatamala.
a primary survey by the dsda revealed digha generates 33 tonnes of waste a day.
hotels, commercial institutions and coconut vendors contribute to 75  of the daily waste.
the cm also asked the tourism department to take up beautification plans for the adjoining jagannath ghat and jagannath temple.
tourist centres are often a place for pilgrimage.
thousands of tourists go to puri every year to visit the jagannath temple.
we can't turn digha into puri, but we can beautify the jagannath ghat and make the temple bigger, she said.
kolkata: aspiring medical students will on thursday get to know whether they will have to take the common entrance test (cet) or the west bengal joint entrance examination (wbjee) in april-may 2012 because the state government will move court to seek an injunction from cet, at least for next year.
with only five months to go for the cet, students in the state still don't know whether it will be mandatory for them to take it.
the wbjee board will hold a meeting on thursday, which will also be attended by health officials, to take a final decision on the matter.
the state's move comes after a week-long futile wait for the centre to respond to chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjee's letter to union health minister ghulam nabi azad, urging the ministry to set questions in vernacular.
we are preparing to file a case following the rigid stand of the centre.
the chief minister had requested the centre to set the multiple-choice questions in the cet in bengali because there is a huge number of students from bengali-medium schools who might not follow the questions in english.
we are yet to get a response from the centre.
we won't wait any longer, said a senior health department official.
the official also pointed at some other difficulties the students might be faced with.
there is a difference between the ncert syllabus for medical and that pursued in schools under the west bengal higher secondary council.
students here will thus have to stretch themselves to study the ncert syllabus plus the wbhs.
it will be extremely tough for them because the medical entrance will be held sometime in april-may.
there's hardly any time left.
the cet is scheduled in may while wbjee will be held in april.
the students don't even know yet which syllabus they are supposed to follow.
how can they start preparing for the examination?
wondered the official.
the cbse, which will conduct cet in 2012, has already turned down the proposal of preparing question papers in any regional language.
time is very short and we are not in a position to prepare question papers in any other language apart from english and hindi.
there is no software that can translate the multiple-choice questions and options into regional languages precisely, pointed out a senior cbse official.
a source in the medical council of india (mci), which had suggested the idea of a common entrance test for medical, conceded that several states, like tamil nadu, maharastra and karnataka, are also resisting cet on different issues, at least for this year.
the health ministry is consulting with the law ministry and they will see if these states can be exempted from introducing cet for some more time, said the source.
with barely five months to go, students are in a fix.
how can the government expect us to prepare for the cet when there are only five months left and we don't even know which syllabus to follow, fumed a student of hindu school.
it was education minister bratya basu's suggestion to the government that mentioned language and syllabus as the two major obstacles if the state accepts cet from this year.
this story is from february 7, 2019download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
bengal government undertakes feasibility study and detailed project report (dpr) for the longest ever elevated corridor of the city along the adi ganga (tollys nullah).
besides, another flyover along the hazra road judges court road has been planned to facilitate east bond vehicles from alipore to zip past the chaos at hazra crossing.
the 9.
2 km long elevated corridor along adi ganga, the original channel of the ganga, will offer and a seamless north-south movement of traffic along the corridor.
however, the flyover will run along at a great height so as to keep a number of bridges across the adi ganga below this corridor intact.
with navigability of the adi ganga becoming increasingly bleak, because of continuous silting, the state is thinking of exploiting the clear space all along its course.
the de-siltation of the adi ganga was taken up aggressively after mamatabanerjee came to power in bengal.
there was an attempt of revive the river and its maritime history.
in ancient bengal, the adi ganga remained a thriving trade route with mythical character like chand saudagar using the route to take his merchandise abroad.
but its navigability could not be maintained beyond a point, said irrigation department official.
the elevated corridor will seal the fate of fresh navigability of the canal.
however, it raised some security issues as well.
the residence of the chief minister mamatabanerjee is right on the bank of the adi ganga.
the flyover will run above her house.
so, we have to see whether the flyover would breach the security of the chief minister or not, said a senior kolkata police officer.
the fate of the canal was sealed when the extension of metro corridor from tollygunge to new garia was constructed along the tollys nullah.
now, it has become impossible to restore and revive it beyond a point.
but even after construction, it must maintain some depth, otherwise, a part of kalighat can get flooded during high tide, said another irrigation department officer.
other flyover from ballygunge phari to saujanya convention centre at hastings park will 4.
5 km long.
after starting off at ballygunge phari, the flyover will have two exit ramps at sarat bose road and hazra road crossing  one towards deshopriya park and another towards minto park however, there has been a yawning gap between planning and execution with cops throwing spanner into the work pre-empting complete collapse of traffic.
hazra road for instance is not wide enough to both-way traffic, if the construction agency barricaded part of the road for the construction of piers, said an officer.
the elevated corridor over adi ganga has already raised many eye-brows.
professor asit roy, who has been associated with save adi ganga movement, said, the channel still carries a huge amount of waste water out of the city.
for the citys sake, adi ganga must be kept in good health.
centre has released rs 82 crore for cleaning it up.
much of the city will get inundated, if adi ganga overflows.
we will seek intervention of the chief minister, who knows well how important the river is for the city.
elevated corridorlength  9.
2 km appx.
from alipore zoo to tollygunge clubchallengesextreme height -- to fly over bridges across the width of adi ganganavigability  navigability will be lost for everflood-proneness -- can overflow during high tide with the loss of draftflyoverlength  4.
this story is from february 1, 2019cm mamatabanerjee (file photo)cm: i live off royalty my books earndownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
kolkata: the cbi on thursday knocked on the doors of manik majumdar, one of bengal cm mamatabanerjee banerjees longest-serving aides.
the cbi move came less than 48 hours after bjp national president amit shah, while addressing a rally in contai on tuesday, alleged that some of cm banerjees paintings were bought by ponzi firm runners.
the cms rebuttal came within a day; addressing a rally in rampurhut in birbhum on wednesday, she dared shah to prove the charges or quit politics.
thursdays cbi visit to majumdars residence, is  geographically speaking  the closest the central agency has come to the cms harish chatterjee street home; less than a kilometre separates the two kalighat addresses.
yes, the cbi visited my residence, majumdar told toi a couple of hours after the cbi visit.
i have not been keeping well for some time.
but they did not cause me any inconvenience, he added.
asked about the reason for the cbis visit, majumdar counter-questioned: do these people need a reason to come?
last month, the cbi had sent notices to senior party mps derek obrien and subrata bakshi as part of its ongoing probe to trace the money trail allegedly linking several ponzi schemes.
chief minister mamatabanerjee inaugurated the kolkata international book fair at salt lakes central park on thursday evening, a few hours after the central agency visited majumdars home.
she did not go into specifics of the case in her speech but said, sarcastically, that she too might be questioned for earning crores from the paintings that adorned the 12 pages of a calendar designed by her and released at the fair.
i dont mind such questions.
i might even send a few of my paintings and books to them as gifts, she said.
i live off the royalty my books earn, she said, adding that she did not draw any salary from parliament (when she was an mp) or from the state government or the bengal assembly.
cbi insiders indicated their visit to majumdars residence and their notices to trinamool mps obrien and bakshi were part of an attempt to link the ponzi firms and the paintings and their sale proceeds with trinamool congress mouthpiece jago bangla.
tmc spokesperson and rajya sabha mp obrien was summoned in his capacity as the publisher of jago bangla, they said.
party national secretary and lok sabha mp bakshi and majumdar were signatories to jago bangla bank accounts, the cbi officials added, explaining why all three were served notices.
the cbi has claimed that two exhibitions, where some of banerjees paintings were sold, were organised by jago bangla.
the agency seized several of these paintings last december.
majumdar was summoned by the central agency in december itself; but the first intimation was sent to a harish chatterjee street address instead of his home and, therefore, went back to the cbi office.
majumdar is an elderly person.
he then requested us to visit his residence because of his health condition.
this is nothing unusual, a cbi official said, adding the team on thursday stayed at majumdars residence for more than an hour and recorded his statement.
obrien and bakshi, too, got summons in december 2018.
obrien told the cbi of his inability to visit the cbi office because parliament was in session; bakshi visited the cbi office on december 10.
we dont fear the cbi, obrien told toi.
bakshi could not be reached for his comment.
new delhi: trinamool congress has kept a careful distance from the opposition notice for the cjis removal, indicating that west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjees unease  shared by dmk  about going along with the congress-led move.
banerjee as well as the dmk leadership are understood to have consulted legal experts and decided against associating with the notice and being part of what they see as a controversial move to confront the judiciary.
they see no reason to be perceived as hostile towards the sc when they have approached courts to argue what they hold to be politically-driven cases.
as in the case of the panchayat polls or the agitation in darjeeling, mamatabanerjee would rather keep a distance from a messy confrontation that has political hues, said party sources.
she would also like opposition action to be coordinated through the federal front she has mooted where congress does not have a particular primacy.
the tmc chief has been in touch with other parties on the issue before deciding on whether or not to sign on to the move.
she spoke to congress chief rahul gandhi when the discussion came up in the last leg of the budget session, said sources.
at that juncture, mamatabanerjee is learnt to have told the congress chief it would not be possible for her to support the move.
at the time, dmk also had a rethink and the move was paused.
with the notice being submitted after thursdays sc decision not to order a probe in the death of judge b h loya, mamatabanerjee decided to avoid taking up common cause with congress.
kolkata: in most circumstances, it would be foolish to read broad political trends in how people have voted for just seven small local body elections in a state.
but the poll results in the seven bengal municipalities do indicate the four principal directions politics in the state is taking right now.
one, trinamool congress has got a stranglehold on south, central and north bengal, barring a few pockets of resistance and despite the widespread charges of vote-rigging.
two, it has also become the first plains party in recent times to get a toe in in hills politics.
three, the left-congress combine stands the risk of increasing political irrelevance if it does not set its house in order very soon.
four, the erosion in left-congress vote share will continue to help bjp as it tries to corner the principal opposition space in bengal.
for the record, the trinamool bagged all three plains municipalities; it retained pujali and wrested domkal and raigunj from congress.
it also became the first party from the plains to wrest a hills civic body (mirik).
the gjm indicated that it was not yet a spent force in the hills by retaining the three bigger hills municipalities  darjeeling, kalimpong and kurseong  quite comfortably.
and the left-congress appeared to have been decimated from raigunj in north dinajpur and domkal in murshidabad as it failed to put up even a semblance of a fight to the trinamool on voting day in what used to be its bastions.
with the calcutta hc refusing to entertain a congress petition seeking to suspend results in the pujali, raigunj and domkal municipalities or countermand the poll process and order fresh polls, the morning restraint gave way to celebrations for the ruling party workers.
chief minister mamatabanerjee herself singled out the mirik victory for special mention.
special thanks to mirik for reposing faith in us.
we will work sincerely for you.
after so many decades we begin a new era in the hills.
the hills are smiling, she said.
mirik embraced trinamool congress with open arms, giving it 6 seats against gjm's 3.
trinamool congress, however, failed to match its mirik performance in darjeeling (it won only one out of 32 seats), kurseong (it won three of the 27 seats) and kalimpong (it won two out of 23 seats).
however, in winning 11 hill wards, wresting control in one on its own, the ruling party obliterated a four-decade old political status quo here.
l b rai, the mirik municipality chairperson-in-waiting, said, we will try and make the mirik civic body a model municipality.
we will also take up the issue of land right with the state government.
the state government has helped us a lot and we have repaid that gesture by winning in mirik sub-division.
the chief minister had earlier promised to resolve the vexed land rights issue here.
gjm president bimal gurng admitted all was not well in mirik and that more attention was needed to wrest it back.
the loss in mirik is definitely a lesson for us.
we had issues of internal feuds and factionalism.
we will retrospect and try to find out what went wrong and try to rectify it in the coming days, gurung said.
gjm's decisive win in kalimpong appeared a tad surprising.
the tmc and jap only managed to win only two seats each.
we have to congratulate the gjm for their in win as this time they actually fought.
the result was not expected by us.
on hind sight we have lacked the acumen of electioneering being a new party.
irrespective of the result, we will continue with our long term political activity for the people, said harka bahadur chhetri, jap president.
it is trinamool congress results in the plain municipalities which is expected to bolster its confidence.
for example, trinamool congress fought incumbency to win 12 of pujali municipality's 16 wards.
the footnote here is troubling for the left-congress.
bjp for the first time not only managed to bag two seats here but got 37  votes, making it the second largest party in this municipality.
trinamool congress feels infighting led to it; bjp interpreted this as its growing acceptance as the primary opposition party in south bengal.
raigunj and domkal were a first even for trinamool congress.
the traditional congress bastions fell like ninepins under the trinamool assault.
raigunj's decade-old municipality chairperson and mla mohit sengupta was defeated in his own ward.
here too, bjp sprang a surprise, winning one ward and securing the second position in five other wards.
but it is the margin of trinamool congress's domkal win which left the congress grappling for answers.
bjp contested in 20 seats here, failing to rise beyond the third position.
in several seats, independent candidates bagged more votes than mainstream political party candidates.
shaoni singha roy, murshidabad mla, was defeated by more than 2,100 votes by her 'political disciple' alam khan in ward-12.
it wasn't without reason therefore that a cpm candidate and a congress candidate who won chose to switch over to trinamool immediately after receiving their certificates.
kolkata: west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee has objected to the centres proposal to recruit talented and motivated indian nationals in 10 departments from the private sector to the post of joint secretary through lateral entry currently these vacancies are filled by qualified individuals after they clear the union public service commission exam.
the officers from all india services/central services hold positions of joint secretary and equivalent levels in the government of india.
these officers are inducted in government service through transparent recruitment processes by constitutional bodies like upsc.
the officers are expected to be politically neutral while discharging their duties.
any shift from such standard will not be good for the nation, the cm wrote in a facebook post.
her reaction comes after the modi government invited applications from professionals above 40 and with 15 years work experience in any of the 10 fields  economic affairs, civil aviation, commerce, shipping, agriculture, road transport, revenue, environment, forest and climate, and financial services.
with salaries between rs 1.
44 lakh and rs 2.
18 lakh a month plus perks, the lateral entry exercise is aimed at bringing in fresh ideas and new approaches to governance and to augment manpower, says the government.
any deviation from the system, particularly by inducting professionals from non-governmental sectors, notwithstanding their talent, may dilute the sensitivity attached to the functioning of the government.
she asked for a wider debate and discussion, including representatives of all-india/central services, before implementing the proposed induction of lateral entries into senior government positions.
anguished by the bus accident in west bengals murshidabad.
my thoughts and prayers are with those who lost their l https://t.
co/iijheugywz  pmo india (@pmoindia) 1517278886000very sad to learn about the horrific bus accident in murshidabad, west bengal.
condolences to the bereaved families https://t.
co/88wwri1v8r  president of india (@rashtrapatibhvn) 1517281600000behrampore: fourty-two people died after a bus plunged 25 feet into a creek from a bridge in daulatabad, 12 kilometres from murshidabad district headquarters behrampore , early on monday.
six more bodies were found by the rescue team divers from the river on tuesday.
most of the dead were state government employees, primarily school teachers.
one was a wbcs probationary officer on his way to join duty at samshergunj in murshidabad.
the bus careened off the bridge while trying to avoid a last-minute, head-on collision with a truck.
witnesses said the driver was speaking on his phone while driving and refused to heed repeated pleas by passengers not to do so.
seven persons, who were near the door, jumped off even as the vehicle broke through the bridges concrete barrier; one of them later died at a hospital and the other six were being treated for serious but not life-threatening injuries.
rescue operations continued well after dusk as divers searched for more bodies or survivors from the deep creek.
officials said the search would resume on tuesday morning but admitted that the possibility of finding survivors was extremely slim.
one of those who jumped off the bus and survived was swapan haldar.
the driver went on speaking on his phone and ignored our pleas to disconnect, he said from hospital.
the fog was dense and all of us feared a head-on collision with another vehicle.
the driver, whose identity was yet to be established by the administration, somehow managed to avoid this collision but, in the process, drove the bus into the balirghat bridges concrete barrier.
the nbstc bus was scheduled to leave nadias karimpur at 5.
20am for malda .
it left 25 minutes later, at 5.
45am.
it was on the bridge at 6.
55am.
ziarul haq, who saw the accident happen, said: it was foggy, so all i saw was the truck, coming from the opposite direction, draw perilously close to the bus.
desperate to avoid the truck, the bus swerved to the right and fell over the bridge.
it smashed a 20-foot concrete railing and fell headlong into the creek.
golam nabi sarkar, who was with ziarul, said: the bus fell roughly 25 feet into the water and got stuck.
local residents started gathering, and some boatmen also rushed in.
the locals, who immediately started rescue operations, spotted three bodies and seven survivors.
of these seven, parbati haldar, 60, died minutes later.
the first team of cops took 40 minutes to reach the spot, but was visibly unprepared.
it was only around 9am  two hours after the accident  that a large police team arrived.
locals, who had been waging an uphill search-and-rescue battle all on their own, let loose their frustration, attacking the cops and setting ablaze two government vehicles.
as the situation threatened to spiral out of control and take the focus off the rescue operations, nabanna acted with alacrity.
chief minister mamatabanerjee cancelled all her prior engagements and decided to head to the spot with transport minister suvendu adhikari and principal secretary (transport) alapan bandyopadhyay.
before leaving, she announced an ex gratia payment of rs 5 lakh to each dead persons family, rs 1 lakh to the seriously injured, and rs 50,000 for survivors.
the murshidabad administration alerted the state disaster management group and the national disaster relief force and dispatched four cranes to the spot along with four gemini rescue boats.
the cranes were finally able to pull the bus out of the sludge around 5pm, a full 10 hours later.
even with the cranes, the rescue operation was not smooth.
the crane wires snapped thrice.
it was sheer luck that there was still enough daylight by the time the cranes managed to haul the bus up.
the rescuers broke open the windows and dragged the bodies out.
after that, it was a death march: body after body was being pulled as dusk finally settled.
till reports last came in, the count stood at 36.
the cm supervised rescue operations for nearly 15 minutes before heading to murshidabad medical college and hospital, where the bodies were being taken.
among the anxious survivors who thronged the hospital was mofizul islam, a schoolteacher from jalangi.
he had learnt the worst.
his wife sukhia mumtaz, 26, was on the bus, going to joykrishnapur abs high school, where she taught.
sukhia had joined barely a year ago.
she always took this bus from jalangi to her school, mofizul said.
she used to say this bus was perfect for reaching in time.
today was no different, only she will never return.
pritikona chatterjee was yet to find her brother.
my brother krishna das chakraborty, 40, had taken the bus from jalangi.
he was headed to the madhupur raja sasanka high school, where he is a teacher.
i still cant find him.
they told me there were none left in the bus to rescue.
so im here, she said, maintaining vigil as the body bags were being stretchered into the hospital morgue.
jhargram: sounds incredible, but the ruling trinamool congress could not find polling agents in 12 booths in belpahari which went to poll on monday.
the party has been muscled out by a fledgling tribal organisation  adim adivasi samanway mancha  with no previous political background, but has the blessings of tribal spiritual leaders, whose writ still runs in the tribal heartland.
handpicked indepenedent candidates under the banner of the mancha are contesting in all the 128 gram panchayat seats in belpahari.
the local majhis and marwas selected candidates from within the community and issued a diktat to everyone to support them, said nityananda hembram , disham paragana (the head of the majhis and marwas) of bharat jakat majhi pargana mahal.
we are not supporting any party or block.
the idea is to have locals running the local bodies, so that they can deliver more.
why would leaders in kolkata or delhi decide our fate?
there is nothing wrong in it, he said.
since early in the morning on monday, the mancha supporters guided the voters to the polling booths.
one among them, bablu murmu, said: ours is not a political party.
our primary aim is to help our candidates win the local body seats.
people here do not believe only in doles.
we want work.
so, the poll results, many feel, could reshape the political contours of this zone once again after 2011.
belpahari had been a maoist hotbed since the 80s and backed mamatabanerjee in the 2011 assembly polls.
trinamool sources, however, pointed out that bjp has been able to put up candidates and campaign even in the remotest areas of belpahari.
bjps jhargram district president sukhomoy satpati admitted: we have been able to put up candidates in zones where we had not contested before.
we did not face any resistance from the locals.
in fact, in some pockets, the support has been overwhelming.
a senior cpm leader, refusing to be named, said: the traditional cpm tribal support base, the mahato community, has aligned itself with the bjp.
this is particularly evident among the young people.
this is helping the bjp, but weakening us.
trinamool sources believe that the mancha has elements who were part of the now-disbanded pcpa, led by chhatradhar mahato.
the party has already inducted his wife niyati in their campaigning and is mulling a job-offer for his eldest son.
trinamools west midnapore district president ajit maity said, we had some problems in filing nomination in some booths in belpahari.
in the april 23 window provided by the hc, we had tried to make up for it.
we did have some problems here, but we are working to overcome it.
ahead of the elections, chief minister mamatabanerjee reached out to the tribal leaders  including hembram.
her efforts stopped the bharat jakat majhi pargana mahal from issuing any political diktat in favour of any party, but this didnt stop the local tribal leaders from doing it at the ground level.
this story is from december 16, 2018download the times of india news app for latest citykolkata: mayor firhad hakim on saturday came down heavily on a section of kolkata municipal corporation (kmc) officials for the delay in restoration and beautification of mayer bari , the abode of sarada devi located in bagbazar.
the beautification project was cleared by chief minister mamatabanerjee in 2013 and funds were sanctioned for creating a better infrastructure and ambience in front of mayer bari, which had earlier been listed as a grade i heritage structure.
sources said hakim expressed his displeasure over the slow pace of the project and asked a section of civic officials to give due importance to the project and finish the first phase within a month.
a meeting was convened at the kmc headquarters on saturday afternoon to discuss about the progress of the project.
hakim will visit the site on december 22 to oversee the progress of development project around mayer bari.
as per plans, the kmc will widen the road (udbodhon lane) in front of the building and create a garden as part of the beautification project around the building.
the space is now occupied by slum dwellers.
they will be shifted to two newly-built housing projects under a rehabilitation package.
we have already constructed two g + iii buildings for families of 85 slum dwellers, who will be shifted from in front of mayer bari.
once they are shifted, we will start the beautification work, said a kmc official.
once the entire rehabilitation package is complete, roads around mayer bari will be widened.
the civic body will also build a guest house to accommodate devotees, who will visit the place from different parts of the country and abroad.
this apart, 215 families of slum dwellers will be shifted in the next six months.
the real beautification work and strengthening of physical infrastructure will begin only after the rehabilitation of slum dwellers is over.
we have suffered a major delay in implementing the development-cum-beautification project because of a delay in taking decision about the rehabilitation project, said a civic official.
local trinamool congress councillor bapi ghosh, who was present at the meeting, said that once the rehabilitation package for the first phase is over, the beautification project would start.
tarak maharaj, who has been overseeing the project on behalf of mayer bari, hoped once the project was complete it would be beneficial for thousands of devotees who visit mayer bari every day.
kolkata: west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee has strongly opposed the shifting of population base from 1971 to 2011 by 15th finance commission while making fresh recommendations.
banerjee is the first chief minister in the country who has taken up the issue with prime minister narendra modi in a letter earlier this week.
in her letter, she argued that the population base shift will penalise those states, which have effectively implemented social and family welfare programmes in the last few years.
banerjee pointed out that the state, as per calculation, would lose between rs 22,000 crore to rs 35,000 crore from 2020-2025 only, owing to use of 2011 census population.
southern states have also raised voices against the shift of population base.
karnataka chief minister siddaramaiah has also said that the move, if considered, would affect the interests of the south and urged the states to resist it.
as per even conservative estimate, andhra pradesh would lose rs 24,340 crore, tamil nadu may lose rs 22,497 crore.
the figure for kerala and odisha would be rs 20,285 crore and rs 18,000 crore, respectively.
on the other hand, all the north indian states like uttar pradesh, bihar, rajasthan, madhya pradesh  incidentally ruled by the nda governments  would gain substantially.
sources said west bengal has started talking to other aggrieved states on this issue.
banerjee has written to the pm that she is getting worried as the 15th finance commission, soon after it has been set up, has started with a mandate of using the population data of 2011 while working on its recommendations.
the finance commission has done this without consulting the states, which is against the spirit of federal structure of the nation, mamatabanerjee has written.
the commission is a crucial constitutional setup which decides every five years the ratio in which central tax revenue should be divided among different states.
all the states and union territories in india are collectively allocated 42  of the central taxes collected each financial year.
the remaining 58  is for the centre to use for national purposes.
but the ratio in which the 42  gets divided among different states is decided by the commission.
banerjee has argued that the loss would be even more crucial for bengal because of its huge debt burden, a majority of which was inherited from the left front regime.
hyderabad: is chief minister k chandrasekhar rao going to odisha on a pilgrimage or to discuss politics with odisha chief minister naveen patnaik?
in what clearly appear to be efforts at cobbling up a front as an alternative to the bjp and the congress, trs leader and telangana chief minister k chandrasekhar rao said he will visit bhubaneshwar in the first week of may.
the cmo said the meeting is part of kcrs efforts to bring in a qualitative change in the countrys politics.
since the odisha legislature is in session now, naveen patnaik invited kcr to meet him in the first week of may and kcr agreed, the cmo said on tuesday morning.
however, patnaik had something else to tell the media later in bhubaneshwar.
as far as i know, telangana chief minister is going on a pilgrimage to puri.
on the way, hes paying me a courtesy call.
there will be no discussion on a federal front or anything to do with politics for that matter, he said.
naveen patnaik of the biju janata dal (bjd) is serving his fourth term as odisha cm.
odisha has 21lok sabha seats, of which bjd won 20 in the 2014 elections.
chandrasekhar rao had plans to fly to bhubaneshwar to meet him earlier, but had to put it off in view of the odisha assembly being in session.
the session began on april 11and got adjourned and is scheduled to meet again on april 19.
chandrasekhar rao, who floated the idea of a federal front to bring together various regional parties, has already met west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee of the trinamul congress in kolkata, and janata dal (secular) leader and former prime minister deve gowda and his son, former cm of karnataka, h d kumaraswamy in bengaluru.
chandrasekhar rao, who initially talked about a federal front comprising regional parties, later announced in bengaluru that the idea was to bring several parties on to a single platform based on their agenda for peoples welfare in the next elections.
he also spoke of formulating an agenda for the welfare of farmers.
though kcr is loathe to the congress being part of the front as the party is trs primary rival in telangana, mamatabanerjee has friendly ties with the congress in west bengal.
both leaders have put off discussions on this issue for a later date.
kolkata: doctors in west bengal called off their week-long strike on monday night after chief minister mamatabanerjee assured them of steps to scale up security at government hospitals in the state.
a spokesperson of the joint forum of doctors told reporters in kolkata that the doctors will return to work as they want to give the state government some time to implement the promises.
our meeting and discussion with the cm met a logical end.
we temporarily withdraw from our ceasework .
.
.
we expect the government to solve the issues as discussed in due time, he said after a meeting of the governing body at the nil ratan sircar medical college and hospital.
the announcement came after mamatabanerjee held a meeting with representatives of the striking doctors at the state secretariat.
the junior doctors of bengal had gone on strike on tuesday protesting assault on two of their colleagues by relatives and well wishers of a patient who died at nrs hospital last week.
the doctors' delegation apprised mamatabanerjee of the problems they have been facing at medical colleges and hospitals and said they fear for their safety.
west bengal health secretary, mos chandrima bhattacharya and other state officials were present in the meeting, besides 31 junior doctors.
the end of the strike came as a big relief to hundreds of patients as health services were paralysed across the state for a week.
we have decided in our governing body meeting that we will be returning to work as soon as possible, the spokesperson for doctors' forum said.
we want to thank the chief minister for giving us some time.
we want to give the state government some time to implement the promises they made to us.
we also thank the common people .
.
.
we also seek forgiveness from them who have suffered the most, he said.
the junior doctors also thanked the chief minister for visiting injured doctor paribaha mukhopadhyay at the hospital where he was undergoing treatment.
we are happy for that.
she had promised us and went to see paribaha at the hospital, the spokesperson said.
chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjeekolkata: the impasse over issuance of i-t notices to durga puja committees in kolkata has snowballed into a centre-state stand-off with the central board of direct taxes ( cbdt ) disputing the i-t notice claim and chief minister mamatabanerjee issuing a strongly worded rebuttal.
the war of words coincided with trinamool congress hitting the streets as a mark of protest.
a cbdt statement read that the reports on i-t notices were factually incorrect.
no notice was issued to the durga puja committee forum by the department this year.
it goes on to say that the i-t department had issued notices to about 30 committees under section 133(6) of the income tax act, 1961 in december 2018.
these notices sought details of tax deducted at source (tds) on payments made to contractors engaged by the puja committees.
the cbdt statement, which was released on tuesday, read, many of the committees complied and furnished tds evidence as well as deposit of the same into the government account.
it says it also held an outreach programme for eight committees on july 16, 2019, to explain the provisions of tds.
the cbdt claimed it was done to ensure that the contractors and event managers pay their taxes within the stipulated time.
commenting on the puja tax, terming it as puja jiziya tax , mamatabanerjee countered: i-t authorities sent notices to puja committees last year regarding event management including dhaki, purohit, small and village artisans for collecting tax from them through puja committees by way of tds, which is as good as terrible disaster scheme.
this is, undoubtedly a huge burden on them.
she further said: the cbdt clarification that no notices have been issued for this year makes little sense.
it is only obvious that for pujas held this year, notices will only be issued next year, which is as per their scheme of tax assessment.
so, the clarification itself proves that the imposition of tax very much stands.
this is an attack on our culture.
i do not know whether this is being done knowingly or unknowingly, but it is certainly of bad taste, especially when people of all religions, caste, creed participate in durga puja.
any such taxation should be totally withdrawn.
several puja committees joined the protest on tuesday.
debasish sarkar of santoshpur trikon park said they had received the i-t notice.
they asked us to deduct tds against payment above rs 30,000 to vendors.
we were told to have tan.
saroj bhowmik of babu bagan sarbojonin added: how can i ask for receipt from a flower seller or a dhaki?
durga puja is being held for last 300 years.
why did you send the notice now?
professor subrata chatterjee (c) with tmc leaders at the collegedownload the times of india news app for latest citykonnagar: chief minister mamatabanerjee on thursday morning called up subrata chatterjee, the bengali professor of konnagars hiralal pal college, who was assaulted on wednesday, and urged him to attend college, assuring him of safety.
the trouble broke out after a fourth semester examination on wednesday when some students were taking selfies and had an altercation with some alleged trinamool chattra parishad tmcp ) activists.
chatterjee, who had intervened, was assaulted.
banerjee told the professor that action would be taken against those who attacked him.
soon after the call from the cm, uttarpara police swung into action and arrested two persons  sandip pal and bijay sarkar  both former students of the college.
however, teachers of the college did not attend classes on thursday, protesting against the attack on chatterjee.
later, dilip yadav, president of hooghly district trinamool, along with prabir ghoshal, mla of uttarpara, and gopal roy, district president of hooghly tmcp, met chatterjee at the college and apologised to him for the assault.
they assured him that all the accused would be arrested.
chatterjee said there were 1,500 students in the college and none of them attacked him, rather some of them tried to save him.
my family members felt humiliated and asked me to leave the job.
after the cms assurance, i decided to attend college on thursday, he added.
but, chatterjee alleged that a councillor of konnagar municipality and his associates were trying to create disturbance in the college.
he said the councillor was also involved in the attack.
if i name him, my job would be at stake, he added.
yadav said the accused councillor, tanmay deb, has been identified and show-caused.
if he fails to give a satisfactory reply, action would be initiated, he said.
principal srikanta samanta said: we are hopeful after the cms assurance.
members of maharashtra association of resident doctors during a protest to show solidarity with their counterp.
.
.
read morekolkata: the impasse in west bengal showed signs of easing as agitating doctors said late saturday night that they were open for talks with west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee to end their stir, but they would decide on the venue of the meeting later.
they had earlier in the evening turned down an invite for a closed-door meeting with mamatabanerjee at the state secretariat and had instead asked her to visit the nrs medical college and hospital for an open discussion to resolve the impasse.
late on saturday night, the joint forum of junior doctors held a press conference.
we are open for dialogue always.
if the chief minister extends one hand we will extend 10 of ours .
.
.
we are eagerly waiting to break the deadlock, the spokesperson said.
the agitating doctors said they would wait for their governing body to decide on the proposed venue for the meeting.
the agitating doctors had also turned down banerjee's request saying there was no honest effort on her part to break the deadlock.
we are eagerly waiting to start our duty, but from the chief minister's side there is no such honest initiative to find a solution (of the ongoing problem), he had said earlier in the night.
the agitating junior doctors also rubbished her claims that a few of their colleagues visited her at the state secretariat.
banerjee, during a press conference at the state secretariat, had urged the agitators to resume work and said her government has accepted all their demands.
the ministry of home affairs ( mha ) issued an advisory seeking a report on the stir.
but she reacted sharply to it and said such advisory should be sent to states like uttar pradesh and gujarat where several murders are reported since the last couple of years.
bengal governor kn tripathi wrote to mamatabanerjee advising her to take immediate steps to provide security to the medicos and find out a solution to the impasse.
banerjee later said that she has spoken to the governor and apprised him about the steps taken by the state government to resolve the impasse.
she also said her government has not invoked the essential services maintenance act (esma) even after five days of the strike by the junior doctors.
we have the laws, but we do not want to use them.
.
.
we are not going to take any stringent action against any of the agitating junior doctors and hamper their career, she told a news conference after the agitators did not turn up for a meeting at 5 pm.
the strike began on monday night when two junior doctors of nrs hospital were injured in an attack by relatives of a patient, who died.
banerjee said, on friday, she waited for the junior doctors for five hours.
and today, i cancelled all my programmes for them.
you must show some respect to the constitutional body.
on the mass resignation of the doctors across the state, she said it was not legally tenable.
if the junior doctors think i am incapable, they can always talk to the governor or the chief secretary.
.
.
or the commissioner of police, she said.
earlier, mamatabanerjee , while addressing the press at the state secretariat, left it midway, claiming that a few junior doctors have appeared there in order to meet her.
in its advisory, the mha said it has received a number of representations from doctors, healthcare professionals and medical associations from different parts of the country for their safety and security in view of the strike in west bengal.
union health minister harsh vardhan asked states to consider enacting specific legislation for protecting doctors and medical professionals from any form of violence in the wake bengal assault on junior doctors.
patients in delhi faced hardships for the second consecutive day as protest by doctors, in solidarity with their striking colleagues in kolkata, spread to several government hospitals, which could not join a nationwide stir on june 14.
the opposition bjp, cpi-m and congress in bengal lashed out at mamatabanerjee for not being serious in resolving the impasses over doctor's strike and asked her to resolve the crisis.
grievance box at nrs hospitaldownload the times of india news app for latest citykolkata: the grievance redress cells, as suggested by chief minister mamatabanerjee during her meeting with junior doctors, already exist in all the five government medical colleges in the city.
there are complaint boxes at the hospitals while a counter functions there in daytime for people to bring forward their complaints.
hospital authorities admitted that these grievance cells need to be revamped for better communication with the families of patients.
there has to be a unit absolutely dedicated for grievances and it has to be manned 24x7 so that people can seek help, get information about their patients conditions and inform the authorities about their grievances, said an official at rg kar medical college.
the grievance counter located near the emergency wing at this hospital is open only during the day.
at medical college and hospital, toi tried to call a number, displayed for people to lodge their complaints.
but none attended the call.
the complaint boxes cannot be called grievance cell.
this can be used as feedback from patients or families.
when a patient and his or her family are in distress, it would be ridiculous to ask them to write down their grievances and drop it in the box, said a senior faculty member at calcutta national medical college as the chief minister asked the health department officials to set up proper grievance cells, hospitals are planning to revamp the existing system.
for example, they are planning to make a person available at the cell round the clock, put up signages indicating where the unit is located, give patients updates to families and put up the contact number of the person who will deal with grievances.
the existing system has several loopholes.
we need to haul up the system so that patients families can get their grievances heard by the hospital authorities.
we will be working once we get a nod from swasthya bhawan about the modalities on such a cell, said an official at medical college hospital.
according to sources in the state secretariate nabanna, the cm and pm meeting is scheduled at 4:30 pm on wednesday.
i go to new delhi very rarely.
i do not go anywhere because i am having some responsibilities here.
we have to go to new delhi for some administrative reasons because it is the capital, the parliament is there, the president, prime minister all stay there that's is at times we need to go there.
this is a routine work, the tmc supremo said.
this time i am going to talk about funds that are due to west bengal.
i will also highlight issues like change of west bengal's name.
will also talk about matters like merger of public sector banks, issues with air india, bsnl, railways where there are several problems.
after centre's refusal to clear the west bengal governments proposal to change the name of the state to bangla saying the move required constitutional amendment, mamatabanerjee had in july last sent a letter to the prime minister raising the issue again and urging him to expedite the matter.
i would again request you to kindly accept the wishes of the people of west bengal, as enshrined in the resolution of the west bengal legislative assembly and in the proposal of the west bengal cabinet, to rename our state as 'bangla' in english, hindi and bengali.
this re-christening will be in consonance with the history, culture and identity of our state and will reflected the aspirations of our people.
i would request you to kindly get this amendment done accordingly in the current session of the parliament, reads an excerpt from the letter.
her missive to modi came after minister of state for home affairs- nityanand rai- had informed the lok sabha that the union government had not given its go-ahead to the name changing proposal of the west bengal.
banerjee earlier in the day greeted the pm on his 69th birthday.
the meeting has heated up political scenario here as mamatabanerjee has been harshest critic of modi and the bjp since parliamentary poll.
she did not attend modi's swearing-in in may when he took over charge for the second time and stayed away from the niti aayog meeting in june.
the last time mamatabanerjee and modi met was at the visva bharati university convocation at shantiniketan on may 25, 2018.
the meeting assumes significance as it will be held at a time when several leaders of the ruling trinamool congress and former kolkata police commissioner rajeev kumar are under cbi scanner in connection with the saradha ponzi scam.
the saradha group of companies had allegedly duped lakhs of people to the tune of rs 2500 crore, promising higher rates of returns on their investments.
xmas gift pushes park street fun quotient a few notches higher times news networkkolkata: park street got off to a rocking start to christmas celebrations as hard rock cafe threw open its doors for the public at park mansion.
the entry of the global brand has brought excitement on kolkatas fun street.
it has added a zing to the party spirit with crowds already spilling over the heritage tea room at flurys and restaurants mocambo, peter cat and bar-b-q.
old-timers as well as youngsters are excited at the arrival of the caf that is expected to revive the tradition of live music at restaurants.
between 1960s and 1980s, several restaurants on park street, like magnolia, blue fox, trincas, tavern, mocambo and moulin rouge played live music.
now, trincas is the only joint that still offers live music to patrons.
the entry of hard rock will add variety and is expected to raise the bar.
the multilevel 5,540sq feet caf sports a vibrant bar and a live entertainment space that will give the unique, local music scene a new arena for performances.
music lovers are sure to drool over the hand-picked memorabilia adorning the cafes walls  a stylish cowboy hat worn by john lennon, rock guitarist jimi hendrixs scarf, mesh gloves worn by prince during his purple rain tour and lady gagas bustier worn in 2008.
restaurateurs on park street feel the global brand would attract more visitors.
nitin kothari, owner of mocambo and peter cat, said, it is the most wonderful thing to happen.
i have been to the hard rock cafe outlets in new york, tokyo, london and dubai.
it is really nice that it has come up on park street.
it will ensure that others too raise the level of food and service.
others, like kothari, are also looking forward to the park street christmas celebrations to get under way on friday.
chief minister mamatabanerjee will inaugurate the celebrations at 5.
30pm by lighting up a 23-feet christmas tree at the entrance of allen park.
the archbishop of calcutta, thomas d'souza, will then bless the christmas crib.
christmas carols will be presented on the occasion by the archdiocesan bengali choir and the assembly of god church choir.
singing stars usha uthup, michelle manuel and bengali band krosswindz will then take the stage.
anglo-indian mla michael shane calvert said, on saturday, the festivities will begin at 2pm with the christmas pageant followed by carols and live music.
it will then take a two-day break before returning on december 26 and will continue till december 30.
kolkata: google on sunday dedicated its doodle to noted author and social activist mahasweta devi on her 92nd birth anniversary.
google india wrote on twitter, with courage flowing through her pen, she created powerful prose.
celebrating writer and social activist mahasweta devi on her 92nd birth anniversary.
the acclaimed writer and social activist had died at the age of 90 in july 2016.
chief minister mamatabanerjee also paid her tribute.
she said, remembering mahashweta di on her birth anniversary.
we miss her very, very much.
the author had lent her support to mamatabanerjee with the call for poriborton (change) ahead of the 2011 assembly polls in bengal which brought an end to the three-and-a-halfdecade of left rule.
the doodle, incidentally, depicted mahashweta devis contribution to literature and her work with the tribal community.
apart from her literary work, devi was also known for her social work for the rights of tribal communities in west bengal, bihar, jharkhand chhattisgarh and madhya pradesh.
the multiple award winner was best known for her works like hajar churashir maa, chotti munda evam tar tir, rudali and jhansir rani.
with over 100 novels and over 20 short stories collections, mahasweta devis work primarily focused on social issues and common people.
born in 1926 in dhaka to well-known poet manish ghatak and dharitri devi, also a writer and social worker, mahasweta devi grew up in a political and literary environment.
after graduating in bachelor of arts (hons) in english from the patha-bhavana vishvabharati university, santiniketan, she also completed her master's degree in english from calcutta university.
interestingly, google also released three sketches  drafts  of the doodle before firming up the one appearing today.
all drafts chose to highlight devis work for the downtrodden, among others.
google had in 2017 similarly celebrated iconic bengali artist jamini roys 130th birth anniversary.
on april 14, 2017, doodle marked pohela boishakh , the first day of the bengali calendar.
later in the same year the doodle celebrated the life of prolific bangla writer humayun ahmed.
this story is from october 27, 2018image used for representational purpose onlydownload the times of india news app for latest citykolkata: the extortion season seems to have set off ahead of kali puja , with an organizer in south dum dum sealing at least eight shops at natun bazar, apparently angry that the traders had refused to give in to their demand of subscriptions, ranging from rs 10,000 to rs 40,000.
an 'extortion' threat in the name of puja chanda spreads panic among the dum dum traders despite chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjee's instructions that such strong-arm tactics must be curbed.
a group of 'extortionists' raided at least eight shops in south dum dum on thursday evening, demanded rs 10,000 to 40,000 from the shop owners in the name of kali puja chanda(subscription), threatened them with dire consequences if they dared to refuse to pay and finally sealed those shops as they refused to pay them the hefty amount as puja chanda.
the shopkeepers on friday morning detected the shutters of their shops were sealed with m-seal (sealant) that blocked the keyhole of all the shutters.
then the shop owners knocked at cops' door to open their shops.
police later arrested three persons, the members of a local club.
the traders of natun bazar near dum dum cantonment at ward no 4 in south dum dum municipality on friday morning launched an agitation to protest against the incident.
fearing attempt on their life, the agitators also put up a road block demanding police protection to run their business in the area.
according to a local sources, all the accused are associated with rabindranagar natunbazar welfare society (rnws) that organises kali puja in every year.
chandan kundu, the owner of a sweetmeat shop said, the youths demanded rs 40,000 from him.
i had paid them rs 2000 as kali puja chanda last year but they demanded rs 40,000 this time.
i pleaded them repeatedly that i couldn't pay it and urged them to take rs 3000.
but they didn't pay any heed to my request and threatened me before leaving my shop.
on friday morning, i rushed to my shop to find its shutter sealed with m-seal plaster that fixed the keyhole, kundu said.
another shop owner, a rice trader santosh das said, in last year, i was asked to pay rs 1000 but i managed to pay them rs 500.
but this time they asked me to pay rs 5000 as puja chanda.
when i refused to pay it, they tried to force me to pay.
as i turned down their unjustified demand, they sealed my shop with fixing the keyhole on the shutter.
samir guha, who runs a fast-food centre at natun bazar, alleged that he was threatened with harm as he refused to pay rs 10000 as puja chanda.
the door of my shop was also sealed.
though we could reopen the shop with the help of police, but we are afraid of further attack.
guha said.
police arrested three accused identified as vivekananda dey, tapu biswas and manik das.
sources, however, said, all the accused allegedly owing allegiance to ruling trinamool congress are associated with rnws and trinamool councillor gopa pandey, a cic(health) member in south dum dum municipality is also named in the puja committee banner.
gopa devi, however, said, the law will take its own course.
if somebody is found guilty of forcing someone to collect puja chanda in the name of puja committee, we asked police to take stern action against them.
ananda roy, dcp, zone ii, barrackpore commissionerate, however, said, after checking cctv footages we have already identified three accused and arrested them for making nuisance in the area .
this story is from february 14, 2019delhi cm arvind kejriwal, national conference's farooq abdullah and west bengal mamatabanerjee at the 'save d..
.
read moremake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
new delhi: in a bid to increase popular confidence in the fledgling opposition alliance, satraps from the anti-bjp camp met late on wednesday evening and decided to have pre-poll alliances and a common minimum programme.
it was felt that poll pacts and a programme of governance would enhance the credibility of the combine given the scepticism that the coming together of different parties was only to contest polls against bjp.
congress president rahul gandhi , trinamool congress chief mamatabanerjee , tdp chief chandrababu naidu, aap leader arvind kejriwal and national conference's farooq abdullah met at ncp chief sharad pawar's residence for detailed discussions on the way forward for the combine.
the presence of rahul and kejriwal on one platform is significant in the wake of speculation if congress and aap can forge an alliance to take on bjp in the capital.
earlier in the day, rahul and pawar held a separate meeting to thrash out seat sharing in maharashtra.
pawar said the distribution of seats had been finalised though he refused to give details.
the evening meeting came on the day the opposition held a joint rally at jantar mantar to protest against the injustices of the modi government.
the leaders felt a need to further strengthen their newly formed ties which have anti-bjpism as the glue.
later, rahul said, we will work together to defeat bjp.
he, however, said there was no decision on poll tie-ups in bengal and delhi.
goghat: after remaining dormant in trinamool politics for a while, mamatabanerjee 's one-time man friday mukul roy made a comeback, leading a huge rally on tuesday at goghat in support of the tarakeswar-bishnupur railway project.
goghat has, in the recent past, witnessed violent resistance to the project by some fishermen owning a large chunk of an 18-acre fish farm at bhabadighi.
addressing the rally , roy said: i want to see work on the project start in three months.
i urge those among you who have not accepted compensation cheques for acquisition of the fish farm to go and take them.
you too will benefit from the project.
he added: if all those present here place a handful of mud into the pond, the water body will be filled up.
this is a dream project of mamatabanerjee who initiated the project as railway minister.
some fishermen with sta kes in part of the bhabadighi fish farm have refused compensation cheques for acquisition of the pond.
delegations of the left, congress and bjp have visited bhabadighi and campaigned in favour of those opposing forcible acquisition of the fish farm for the 82.
5km railway line.
a left team led by cpm's bikash ranjan bhattacharyay and cpi's bharati mutsuddi was allegedly attacked by trinamool men.
earlier, mamatabanerjee had declared at a public meeting in hooghly she would not tolerate opposition to the project.
the cm had also declared the state would provide an alternative land where a fish farm could be dug up.
taking on the opposition's stance on the project, roy said, the bjp is opposing this central project when it should be supporting it and cooperating in its execution.
bjp hooghly district president bhaskar bhattacharya said, our state president dilip ghosh will visit bhabadighi soon.
we will not allow the fish farm to be filled against the wishes of poor fishermen of bhabadighi.
midnapore: the highest land and mining-related revenues in bengal come from two backward districts  west midnapore and birbhum.
among the states 11 backward districts, they have contributed rs 109.
46 crore and rs 98.
09 crore respectively to the rs 947.
40-crore state earnings this year on this account.
after west midnapore and birbhum comes east burdwan.
the maximum income came from cess on minor minerals (ordinary sand, stones used in buildings, stone chips and limestone), adding up to rs 351.
83 crore a year and accounting for 37  of the states land revenue.
district land revenue officials, who were felicitated by the state government on wednesday for raising resources, said the income under the minor minerals head comes from sand mining in riverbeds, production of stone chips and other building materials from licensed stone quarries and from mining of limestone in parts of north bengals alipurduar.
this part of the cess is rising when there has been a fall in direct land revenue collection after the state government announced khazna relief to farmers, an official said.
economist aviroop sarkar is not surprised that backward districts contribute the most to bengals land and mining revenues.
the figures reaffirm the inverse relationship land and mining revenues have with the average income of people in the district.
this is true for chhattisgarh as well.
in other districts of bengal, the state earns much more from gst because of better economic activity there, sarkar said.
motorists on the way to santiniketan in birbhum have come across trucks and excavators on the ajay riverbed lifting and loading sand.
similar activities go on in full swing on the damodar riverbed at kamalpur ghat and the barakar riverbed at chakri ghat in purba burdwan.
even as revenues have increased from licensed sand mining, locals point to a huge spurt in illegal sand mining in these districts.
according to a district land official, digging the riverbed beyond 200 cubic feet is illegal.
local sand mafias, with patronage from political parties and a section of police, use excavators on the riverbed, throwing rules to the wind.
they overload trucks with sand and make a fast buck.
illegal sand mining has become a money-spinner in rural bengal, the official said.
the same holds true for the 22 stone quarries in birbhum district.
many lack licences to operate, an official said.
another interesting feature in the state revenue figures this year is the rise in the sale of non-judicial stamp papers in darjeeling that comes to around rs 32.
1 crore.
this could be an indication of property and businesses changing hands in the hill town.
kolkata: a day after tmc supremo mamatabanerjee directed party leaders to give back the money in case they had taken bribe from beneficiaries of government schemes, elected representatives faced public ire in various parts of the state on wednesday with the people demanding return of the cut money.
angry people gheraoed tmc leaders and elected representatives of panchayats and municipalities in the districts of birbhum, malda, purulia and bankura.
they demanded that the trinamool congress leaders return the money allegedly taken from them to provide them benefits of various schemes of the government.
they (tmc leaders) should return the money they have taken from us.
these are government schemes for us.
these are our rights.
why should we give cut money to avail benefits of those schemes?
said a protestor at ilambazar in birbhum district.
the protestor, along with others, was in a sit-in demonstration outside the residence of a local tmc leader.
a similar incident took place at barjora in bankura district where local people shouted slogans against tmc members in the panchayat and demanded immediate return of the bribe they had allegedly taken from them.
a huge police contingent went to the spot to control the situation.
i do not want to keep thieves in my party.
if i take action they will join some other party.
some leaders are claiming 25 per cent commission for providing housing grants to the poor.
this should stop immediately.
the cm had also said corruption victims could write to the chief minister's office directly.
the tmc leadership declined to comment on the protest, but the bjp and the cpm took potshots at the ruling party.
this is people's outburst against the tmc.
the people are fed up with the cut money and syndicate culture of the tmc in the state.
such protests will increase in the days to come, bjp state president dilip ghosh said.
cpm central committee member sujan chakraborty said since 2011, west bengal has been known for syndicate culture brought in by the tmc.
in west bengal, 'syndicate' means the business run by people allegedly enjoying political patronage, who force promoters and contractors to buy construction materials, often of inferior quality at high prices.
meanwhile, a tmc leader was arrested in malda district on the charges of corruption, police said.
sukesh yadav, the pradhan of mahanandatola gram panchayat, was accused of embezzling around rs one crore from the funds of the mgnrega.
yadav claimed that he has been framed.
new delhi: west bengal chief minister and trinamool congress chief mamatabanerjee shared a special relationship with bjp leader sushma swaraj from the days that the two leaders were part of former prime minister atal bihari vajpayees cabinet in the first nda government, in which the tmc was a coalition partner.
the two leaders had spoken over phone just two weeks ago, it is learnt.
what they discussed is not known, but it is unusual for mamatabanerjee to engage in a conversation with swaraj at a juncture when the bjp is engaged in vicious political battle to overthrow the tmc government in west bengal.
both the leaders however had a lot in common as far as their political careers are concerned.
they started very young in their political careers in their respective home states and established themselves on their own as towering political personalities without any political legacy to back them.
hence, it is no wonder that the two leaders had found common ground to bond beyond their political ideologies.
banerjee was one of the first political leaders to react to swarajs passing away on tuesday night.
at 11pm on tuesday, mamatabanerjee tweeted: deeply saddened, shocked at the sudden passing away of sushma swaraj ji.
i knew her since the 1990s.
even though our ideologies differed, we shared many cordial times in parliament.
an outstanding politician, leader, good human being.
will miss her.
condolences to her family/admirers.
on wednesday, mamatabanerjee sent party mp derek o brien on her behalf to the departed leaders funeral and also to the residence of sushma swaraj to pay homage to her.
this story is from november 10, 2018jds suprmo hd devegowda and chief minister hd kumaraswamy welcome andhra pradesh chief minister n chandrababu .
.
.
read moredownload the times of india news app for latest cityvijayawada: despite all the euphoria, the anti-bjp front may not see the light of day just yet.
all the forces and parties opposed to narendra modi-led bharatiya janata party regime may  for the time being  not coalesce into a front on the lines of united front in the past, but continue to work towards unity by holding joint rallies and public meetings.
with several contenders for the post of prime minister, the only way to keep the anti-bjp parties united is by holding joint public meetings across the country.
any move to stitch up a front and elect a chairperson can dilute the unity.
it is this formula that andhra pradesh chief minister and tdp national president n chandrababu naidu is taking to various political parties and seeking their approval, said top tdp sources.
the main purpose of this formula being worked out by naidu is to ensure that the anti-bjp forces remain as one and not drift away owing to differences within them.
with rahul gandhi, mayawati and sharad pawar being prime contenders for pms post, it is felt that the efforts at holding together the anti-bjp front is the best way forward.
the pm contender issue can be taken up at the time of formation of the new government, the sources said.
though a clear road map for the general elections is yet to pan out, it is learnt that the anti-bjp forces or parties which are vocal against the bjp will hold rallies and public meetings across states and highlight the misrule of the bjp government.
all the leaders who have similar ideologies will take part in these meetings at their convenience, sources averred.
taking a first step towards formalising this evolving formula, a public meeting will be held in karnataka soon, which will be addressed by state cm hd kumaraswamy and attended by naidu.
west bengal cm and tmc president mamatabanerjee is also planning to hold a public meeting for which all non-bjp leaders would be invited.
west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjee.
(ani)kolkata: west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on friday criticised the manner in which former union minister p chidambaram was sent to tihar jail in the inx media case.
the central government should have shown him minimum respect, she told the state assembly here.
i don't know what is there in the chidambaram case.
law will take its own course.
but what was the purpose of keeping him tihar jail like an ordinary prisoner?
a delhi court had on thursday sent former union finance minster p chidambaram in judicial custody till september 19 in the inx media case.
the court allowed chidambaram to carry his medicines to the jail and directed that he be kept in a separate cell considering that he has z-security.
banerjee mooted the idea during a meeting at nabanna with principals, medical superintendent-cum-vice-principals and heads of departments of medical colleges as she took stock of the state health services.
the cm seemed concerned that young doctors preferred working at corporate hospitals to the public health services.
she suggested to check if campus interviews, like the ones carried out at engineering colleges, are possible at medical colleges, said the head of a department at r g kar medical college .
at present, the state recruits government health service doctors annually.
aspirants have to apply once a notification is issued and then, go in for an interview.
but given the lucrative offers from corporate hospitals, most junior doctors prefer not to go in for government jobs.
apart from campus interview, we suggested a hike in the salary to retain junior doctors, said a medical college principal.
a house staff at a state hospital in bengal gets rs 33,000, much lower than that paid in many other states, including bihar .
junior doctors play a vital role in running government hospitals, especially at night and at the emergency wards, where they are often assaulted by irate families of patients on the rampage alleging negligence in treatment.
but, said a the health official, these very junior doctors were underpaid, compared to the services they offered.
another health department official pointed out campus interview would definitely help quicken the recruitment process for junior doctors but it would not attract too many applicants if the pay was not increased.
poor pay, tremendous workload, long working hours and the transfer policy are the reasons why most junior doctors tend to stay from the government health service, said a post-graduate student at calcutta medical college.
for a medical student, it is mandatory to go in for a one-year internship at a government hospital before he/she is awarded the mbbs degree.
after that, they can stay back for twoyear housestaffship at the state hospital or migrate to a corporate hospital.
but once they get into a pg course at a government medical college, they are bound to serve the government health sector for three years after completion of the course.
the campus interview was only a suggestion.
there will be discussions about its feasibility and feedback from stakeholders will be considered before a final decision is taken, said an official at swasthya bhawan.
this story is from february 16, 2019download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
the kolkata municipal corporation has taken up a comprehensive water augmentation scheme to achieve supply of 100 per cent filtered water to kolkatans.
the idea is to ensure that by next one year the civic body is enabled to reach filtered water in every nook and corner of the city.
currently, residents in large areas depend on ground water as source of drinking water.
mayor firhad hakim on friday announced that rs 406 crore will be spent in production of filtered water and laying water pipelines to reach the same to households which now are dependent on ground water.
hakim was presenting the kmc budget for 20192020 financial year.
over dependence on ground water in different parts of the city has often led to outbreak of enteric diseases.
besides, over withdrawal of ground water leads to depletion and it may further lead to arsenic contamination in ground water.
it is learnt that mamatabanerjee had particularly pointed out the plight of residents of tollygungejadavpur belt and also wanted the civic body to focus on large areas located off eastern metropolitan bypass.
accordingly, the kmc water supply department swung into action.
the first major project that the civic body conceived was that of construction of a water reservoir with a capacity to store 3 million gallon filtered water every day.
currently, jai hind water treatment plant at dhapa has the capacity to produce 30 million filtered water daily.
however, the kmc could not tap the optimum capacity of the water treatment plant for want of booster pumping stations or laying of pipelines to areas located off em bypass.
according to a water management plan, the kmc water supply department will set up several booster pumping stations and underground reservoirs at kasba, anandapur, patuli, pachannagram along em bypass to enable residents of these areas get filtered water from jai hind water treatment plant at dhapa.
the civic body will also need to lay water pipelines in some of these areas to reach the benefit of reaching filtered water.
these measures will ensure that besides residents of em bypass, residents of raja subodh mullick road (jadavpur, gangulibagan, baghajatin) get treated water.
similarly, the kmc has decided to set up a booster pumping station at garia and augment the capacity of an existing booster pumping stations at bansdroni.
this is an attempt to reach filtered water to large areas of gariabansdroni belt.
with an objective to provide filtered water to metiabruz, garden reach, kidderpore and ekbalpore, the civic body has planned to augment the capacity of wattgung water treatment plant and construction of two booster pumping stations at kidderpore and metiabruz.
for residents of joka and behala, the kmc has planned construction of two booster pumping stations.
the kmc water supply department has also good news for some residents of bhowanipore, lake gardens and dhakuria.
the civic body has planned construction of three booster pumping stations to offer them filtered water instead of ground water.
picture used for representational purpose onlykolkata: days after chief minister mamatabanerjee pulled up former mayor of howrah rathin chakraborty for appointing contractual staff without the permission of the finance department, the state municipal affairs department issued a stricture warning to all the urban local bodies (ulbs) not to appoint any casual workers on monthly remuneration basis without the approval of the state government.
in a letter to the chairman of the 118 municipalities and the commissioner of the six municipal corporations, principal secretary of municipal affairs department subrata gupta wrote, it has come to notice of the state government that some urban local bodies (ulb) have in the past recruited staff beyond sanctioned staff pattern and without the prior approval of the government.
this is a serious departure from the extant rules and procedures and directed not to engage such staff even if the ulb proposes to pay them from their own resources.
citing irregularity of some ulbs by diverting project funds to pay these staff, the letter clearly stated that the posts were not sanctioned by the west bengal municipal affairs department, cannot be paid from the grants provided by the government for the purpose of payment of salaries.
the letter also pointed out that such recruitments lead to legal challenges because the staff recruited without prior sanction would cannot be provided service benefits and post-retirement benefits and they often move the court.
this has creates embarrassing situation for the government.
the issue came to the fore when chief minister mamatabanerjee pulled up former mayor of howrah municipal corporation rathin chakraborty over appointment of the 419 contractual staff without finance department's approval during the administrative review meeting of howrah district on august 19.
the cm had made it clear that no development funds could be diverted for paying the remuneration of staff.
the chief minister has also ordered an enquiry to see whether the municipalities are using the funds according to the rules laid down by the finance department.
kolkata: the much-awaited academy of indian football icon baichung bhutia on wednesday got a green signal from the west bengal government and it will come up in siliguri.
the former india captain said getting land would not be an issue and he is now looking forward to setting up a world class facility with three artificial turfs in siliguri.
the academy will have three artificial turfs and will have top coaches to train carefully-chosen talented footballers, bhutia said after his meeting with north bengal development minister gautam deb at writer's building.
it will also have world class facilities like swimming pool, gymnasium which can be used for other sport.
bhutia, who also owns a club united sikkim fc, said he would rope in top coaches in the world for the upcoming academy.
top football coaches would be available for the academy and it would have world class facilities in four to five years time.
we will carefully choose the trainees, he said.
asked why he chose siliguri, bhutia said, the target is north bengal and northeast.
siliguri is the biggest football hub in bengal after kolkata which already has good facilities, he said.
the north bengal development minister gautam deb said bhutia has written about this in a letter to chief minister mamatabanerjee who is away in delhi at the moment.
we have agreed in principle to have the academy in siliguri.
the details of this would be finalised after the cm comes back.
it will be named as the north bengal football academy, deb said.
while doctors may get a quarter of the bill generated from private beds at sskms woodburn ward, the government plans to set up a cancer facility at sskm and take over the underutilized police hospital to add to the citys healthcare infrastructure.
sskm hospital authorities have already introduced pay-beds in woodburn ward, charting a middle path between private healthcare facilities and governments free healthcare.
here a patient has to pay for beds, investigations, medicines and surgery.
sskm doctors will attend to patients here, the cm said.
while doctors could get 25  of the billed amount, the rest would go into hospital development, partly cross-subsidising patients in other wards treated for free.
the woodburn ward has been a hit since it opened in its new avatar in may-end.
people who have been to this ward say it looks like a five-star hotel.
the cm said the health department would take over the kolkata police hospital.
i have asked the health secretary to take over the kolkata police hospital and utilise its infrastructure that remains grossly unused.
keep 50  of the beds reserved for the police and open up the other half for public, she said.
banerjee also announced the plans for a cancer hospital on the land opposite sskms emergency section.
we have identified the land opposite the emergency at sskm.
i will hand over the land to the health department, the cm said, urging doctors to find ways to improve treatment of cancer patients.
we are yet to come up with a treatment procedure to cure stage-iii, stage-iv cancer patients.
doctors advise chemotherapy but that is no answer to their ailment.
it reminds me of subrata maitra, himself a doctor.
he felt pain in his brain and took admission to a hospital.
he could take one or two chemotherapy before he died.
gautambabu, please explore if there is some medicine or treatment in other countries, the cm told oncologist gautam mukherjee.
the cm also inaugurated the new trauma care centre at sskm, sending out a message the government had consistently been expanding superspeciality facilities.
we spent rs 100 crore to set up the trauma care centre.
it is one of the best in the country and has all modern equipment.
we have sanctioned 760 posts for running the centre, she added.
banerjee said the government was not merely focussed on the tertiary sector.
we have set up 20 medical colleges, added 28,000 beds in hospitals.
we have set up more than 300 sncus and 70 snsus that helped us bring down infant mortality.
i have asked to upgrade 43 speciality hospitals to super-speciality facilities, she added.
nadia: the bjp on saturday claimed that its worker was allegedly lynched by tmc activists in west bengal 's nadia district for chanting 'jai shri ram'.
the tmc leadership termed the allegation completely baseless and said the bjp worker was beaten up by locals as he had misbehaved with women after getting drunk.
krishna debnath (26) who hailed from nabadwip area was allegedly beaten up on wednesday night and admitted to a local hospital.
he was later shifted to a hospital in kolkata, where he died friday, the saffron party claimed.
the police confirmed receiving a complaint and said a probe into the incident is on.
state bjp president dilip ghosh demanded the immediate resignation of west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee from the post of home minister as she has completely failed to perform her duties in maintaining the law and order situation in the state.
he also alleged that the tmc government in the state has let loose a reign of terror in bengal and people who chant 'jai shri ram' are either killed or are thrown into jail.
with the death of krishna debnath we have lost 19 of our activists since the lok sabha results.
it is shameful that our party workers are being killed for chanting jai shri ram slogan, bjp leader mukul roy , who met the man's family, told reporters.
the local bjp blocked the road at nadia demanding immediate arrest of the culprits behind the alleged lynching.
they accused the tmc workers for being directly involved in the crime.
senior nadia district tmc leader gouri shankar dutta denied the charge, saying it was completely baseless and politically fabricated.
this is a baseless allegation.
the person was beaten up not for chanting jai shri ram but for misbehaving with women after getting drunk.
our party workers are in no way involved with the incident, dutta said.
new delhi: with bjp sounding the election bugle, the tussle for who will lead the opposition bloc is getting sharper.
while congress has conveyed to partners that it is not amenable to anyone seeking to change the leadership of the opposition grouping that, as upa, successfully ruled delhi for a decade, trinamool congress chief mamatabanerjee has made it clear that she is not ready to play second fiddle.
this, even as tmc mps are ready to attend a meeting of opposition parties, convened this week by congress parliamentary party leader sonia gandhi .
according to sources, the congress leadership had asked for convenient dates from mamatabanerjee to set up the meeting so that she could attend it, but she has asked her partys parliamentary leaders sudip bandopadhyay and derek o brien to attend.
while tmc remains part of the opposition group that mamatabanerjee herself enthusiastically initiated along with congress and others during the presidential election in 2017, she has been changing tack on accepting congresss leadership since rahul gandhi took over as party chief and congress improved its position in the gujarat polls.
at a meeting of the opposition called by ncp chief sharad pawar on monday, congress said a formal discussion should be called by sonia since she is still the upa chairperson.
the message was aimed at keeping the status quo amid signs that the maratha strongman was seeking to step into a vacuum of sorts that appeared with the slackening of opposition activities in the last few months.
pawars decision to convene a brainstorming session came barely two days after he banded opposition parties together in mumbai to lead a save the constitution march on republic day.
congress turned out in full strength but its membership was limited to state leaders, contrary to left satraps going from delhi.
earlier in the day, pawar pulled aside rahul after the presidents joint address to parliament and held an intense discussion with him.
when the formal opposition meeting is called this week, it will be attended by sonia gandhi and rahul.
it would be a different level, a senior congress leader said after the meeting at pawars residence on monday.
this story is from january 19, 2019preparation for tmc's saturday mega rally, at brigade parade ground in kolkatawest bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee meets with dmk president mk stalin and sp chief akhilesh yadav at a city hotel in kolkata, friday (pti)make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
kolkata: west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee 's anti-bjp united india rally at brigade on saturday will have representation from most non-nda parties across the country, with leaders arriving in kolkata on friday for the big event.
the ruling parties of odisha and telangana, bjd and trs respectively, are the only big non-nda parties that will not be part of the rally .
among the leaders who have confirmed that they would attend the rally are sharad pawar (ncp), akhilesh yadav (sp), satish mishra (bsp), chandrababu naidu (tdp), m k stalin (dmk), h d deve gowda and his son h d kumaraswamy (jd-s), mallikarjun kharge and abhishek manu singhvi (congress), arvind kejriwal (aap), farooq abdullah and his son omar abdullah (national conference), tejashwi yadav (rjd), hemant soren (jmm) and sharad yadav (loktantrik janata dal) besides bjp rebels yashwant sinha, shatrughan sinha and arun shourie.
most of them had arrived in kolkata by friday evening .
however, beyond the broad agreement that narendra modi's government needs to be unseated, every party is anticipating the situation to be fluid for some time.
the ambivalence over the emerging opposition front was reflected in congress chief rahul gandhi's decision not to attend the rally but send kharge and singhvi for the event.
he wrote a letter to the west bengal chief minister, saying: i extend my support to mamatabanerjee di on this show of unity and hope we send a powerful message of a united india together.
while the call for opposition unity has been given, there is no clarity on who will lead the front against modi.
this was inherent in akhilesh's remark soon after landing here.
desh naye pradhan mantri ka intezaar kar raha hai (the country is waiting for a new prime minister), he said, but refused to name the future pm.
congress and its allies would like to be the biggest bloc within the opposition space.
but the decision to send kharge and singhvi, congress leaders in kolkata said, kept options open.
they said that on its part, trinamool congress - along with sp and bsp - would like to emerge as an opposition axis by collectively having a sizeable presence in the next lok sabha.
and the post-poll situation might be such that congress would not be able to ignore the sp-bsp-tmc bloc, they explained.
banerjee herself met all the leaders on friday evening and the encomiums followed.
deve gowda, who has run a third front government at the centre, commended banerjee's efforts.
i would like to congratulate madam mamatabanerjee for the pains she has taken to bring opposition parties together, said former arunachal pradesh chief minister gegong apang, who left bjp earlier this week.
calling mamatabanerjee a great leader, apang, who will also attend the brigade rally, announced that he would float his own party.
but the overwhelming response from the opposition parties at the national level contrasted with the opposition's response in banerjee's own west bengal, where the left front chose to stay away from saturday's rally despite their strong anti-bjp stance.
bengal state congress president somen mitra said there was no question of attending the rally because he did not get an invite.
both biju janata dal and telangana rashtra samithi will not be part of the rally as they don't want to share dais with congress.
we would stick to our policy of equi-distance from both the congress and the bjp.
we are more concerned about odisha's development, rajya sabha member and bjd spokesperson pratap keshari deb said.
the west bengal bjp called banerjee's kolkata rally a circus.
the party's state unit president dilip ghosh said, all the formers - retired and tired - politicians who have little footing in their own states are coming for the rally.
people in their own states have rejected them.
they are coming to kolkata to hog the limelight.
we will see the circus tomorrow.
kolkata: press council of india chairman justice (retd) markandey katju believes that present day journalists should take a leaf out of 19th century bengali writer sarat chandra chattopadhyay on how to educate readers while entertaining them.
he also wants chief minister mamatabanerjee to ask president pratibha patil to posthumously bequeath the nobel prize on the writer.
he later clarified that he meant the bharat ratna.
speaking at an interaction organized by the public relations society of india in kolkata on monday, the former supreme court judge, heaped praise on sarat chandra for writing against caste system and women's oppression.
pointing out that similar issues afflict the society today, katju said india was passing through a transitional phase from feudal and agricultural society to modern industrial society.
in this situation, the indian media has a solemn duty which is to help india get over this transition period faster .
it can do this by propagating modern, rational, scientific ideas, he said pointing to the glorious role played in europe by great writers like voltaire, rousseau and others.
today, the media doesn't delve into real issues like poverty, unemployment, dowry deaths etc.
instead, it devotes 90  of the coverage to entertainment.
incidentally, justice katju has written to the prime minister, seeking more teeth for pci to not just admonish errant journalists and newspapers but also take punitive action against them if they failed to heed to warnings.
kolkata: the bulletproof car and the pilot van were withdrawn from mayor and minister sovan chatterjees motorcade while he was on his way to office on wednesday after his security status was downgraded from z+ to z category.
the surprise action  following the recommendation of the state directorate of security  triggered a daylong drama with chief minister mamatabanerjee initially dismissing the development that was later backed up by the state police.
chatterjee felt slighted the way the decision was carried out without any prior intimation.
he could smell that something was on the cards when the security guard at his residence left the place on tuesday night.
i do not know why my security cover was beefed up months ago.
i dont have any clue why it has been downgraded.
those who are assigned to look after the security issues can only say why they did it.
i would only expect them to provide me security, he said.
\chatterjee got emotional and said he valued trust and respect much more than anything else.
i was not born a mayor.
i came to politics as grassroots activist and have gone through many ups and downs.
i got injured several times, but have never bothered about my personal security.
at present, i am going through a personal crisis.
my family life is in a mess.
i had to leave my ancestral home and am now staying in south kolkata.
even my enemies dont deserve to go through what i am going through now, the mayor said.
sovan, whom mamatabanerjee lovingly calls by his nickname kanan, doesnt read much into the sudden slide in his security status.
chatterjees security was upgraded by two notches months ago to z+ from y category on the ground that he had a life threat.
asked if he smelt a conspiracy in the surprise move, the mayor said: i dont see anything right now.
in the assembly, however, the cm said: who said that sovan chatterjees security cover has been downgraded?
he enjoys z category security along with two other ministers, bobby ( firhad hakim ) and aroop ( arup biswas ), because they have to tour the districts.
i enjoy z+ security, the cm said.
the answer came from lalbazar , a little later.
the security status of the kolkata mayor has been changed from z+ to z category based on the recommendations of the directorate of security that reviews the security status of vips from time to time, additional cp iii supratim sarkar said.
sarkar also added that the security status of ministers arup biswas and firhad hakim has been upgraded from y to z category.
this story is from december 10, 2018andhra chief minister chandrababu naidu picked up efforts to unite the opposition from where tmc chief mamatabanerjee .
.
.
read moremake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
new delhi: a day before parliaments winter session opens, opposition parties will meet on monday to work out a joint strategy to take on the ruling bjp in next years lok sabha polls.
andhra pradesh cm and tdp chief n chandrababu naidu, who played facilitator to bring anti-bjp parties on one platform, along with congress leaders and cpm general secretary sitaram yechury have been coordinating between 20-odd parties and non-bjp chief ministers to ensure most states are represented at the meeting.
naidu has called his outreach a political compulsion to save democracy.
naidu, yechury and congress leaders called up chiefs of other parties and invited them for the delhi conclave, a preliminary meeting where a road map on the future course will be drawn up.
those expected to attend the meeting are congress leaders rahul and sonia gandhi, naidu, west bengal cm mamatabanerjee , delhi cm arvind kejriwal, leaders of cpi and cpm, dmk chief m k stalin, rjd leader tejaswi yadav, national conference leader farooq abdullah, ncp chief sharad pawar, jd(s) leaders h d devegowda and kumaraswamy, jmm, jan vikas morcha leaders from jharkhand and rlds ajit singh.
invitations have also gone out to sps akhilesh yadav and bsps mayawati.
there is a buzz about disgruntled nda ally upendra kushwaha of rlsp showing up at the opposition meeting.
non-bjp chief ministers  amarinder singh of punjab, pinarayi vijayan of kerala and n narayanasamy of puducherry  have also been invited.
apart from taking up issues like farmers distress, rbi, cbi, collapse of democratic institutions, rafale deal and economic distress against the government, the parties will also decide on a joint floor strategy for the winter session.
picking up from where tmc chief mamatabanerjee left, after her initial efforts to forge opposition unity during the presidential elections in 2017, naidu has broadened the canvas.
the opposition parties put up a show of strength in bengaluru in may at the swearing-in of h d kumaraswamy as karnataka cm.
while stalin met sonia on sunday, mamatabanerjee is expected to call on the former congress chief to invite her for a joint opposition rally in kolkata on january 19.
dmk will host a rally in chennai this month at the unveiling of m karunanidhis statue.
naidu will host a rally in amaravati and kumaraswamy will host one in bengaluru next month, showcasing opposition unity across the country.
kolkata: chief minister mamatabanerjee on tuesday threw her weight behind the three-language policy, saying this method would enable them (read schoolkids in bengal) to reach regional, national and international standards.
bengal respects all languages and languages of all states.
our three-language formula shows how we really do.
.
.
india is a vast country and the strength of our nation is unity in diversity.
we must respect every mother tongue and also give every regional language its importance.
we believe in the freedom of choice and the three language formula, mamatabanerjee wrote on her facebook page.
students have the freedom to take any language of their choice as a first language, second or third language.
if the student choses bengali , hindi, english, urdu , gurmukhi, nepali, alchiki as the first language, he/she may opt for two other languages of their choice.
one of the three languages has to be bengali, she added.
according to sources, the chief minister had taken exception to some complaints made by parents that the schools were not offering bengali as an optional subject even if they wanted so.
a party leader said, the cm was surprised to note that some schools chose to stay open on rabindra jayanti .
if other states could do it why not bengal, she had asked.
download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
malda: though bodies of his three elder brothers, who died in a blast at a carpet weaving factory at ups badohi on saturday, are yet to reach home at maldas enayetpur, yousuf momin took the hs exams on tuesday.
with family and neighbours waiting for his brothers, gaffar, suvan and israfils bodies, no one really asked him about his papers.
undeterred, yousuf sat down with his books for the next paper on tuesday evening itself.
no way i could study at home since saturday.
amid tears, everyone is waiting for my brothers bodies.
i wrote my exam, nevertheless.
i dont know how i fared but i was committed to taking the exams as my elder brothers wished me to complete my hs, something they could not owing to poverty, yousuf said.
he heard the bodies would reach on tuesday night, but he has no time to lose as the next paperthat of englishis only a day away.
a sleepy village, enayetpur has been waiting for the bodies of the nine blast victims since saturday.
chief minister mamatabanerjee sent rs 2 lakh as compensation for the kin of each victim.
a malda district administration team was also sent to bhadohi on saturday night to bring back the bodies after post-mortem.
arrangements are being made for a mass burial on wednesday.
minister firhad hakim visited the victim families to hand them compensation cheques.
kolkata: humanity is religion, said chief minister mamatabanerjee while inaugurating the park street festival at allen park on friday.
banerjee seized the opportunity to tell the gathering how the centre had rejected bengals tableau themed on unity is harmony from the tableau exhibition at the republic day parade on delhis rajpath.
our tableau couldnt find a place in the exhibition.
is it because we conceived it on the unity is harmony theme?
its an insult, the chief minister said, reminding everyone about the sense of bengali identity that had developed with tagore, nazrul islam and ramakrishna.
she then linked it with the contemporary.
we couldnt showcase our tableau on the kanyashree theme in 2015 when it has been acclaimed all over the world, she said.
this is not the first time the centre shot down tableau ideas from bengal.
the vajpayee government did it in 1999, a year after the pokhran nuclear test in 1998, when the jyoti basu government had proposed a tableau on nuclear non-proliferation.
since then, the left front government didnt send tableaux to delhi till 2011.
banerjee renewed the procedure after she came to power in 2011.
the centres cold shoulder to bengals tableau has come as a shock to the mamatabanerjee government, when tableaux from bengal won the first prize in 2013 and 2016.
bengals tableau on durgotsav was hugely appreciated in 2017.
but then, the themes in all these three years were noncontroversial  chhau dance (2013), banglar baul (2016) and dugogotsav (2017).
however, like basu, mamatabanerjee used the centres rejection as evidence of a vindication of her alternative narrative to hindutva.
it pains us when people are beaten to death in the name of religion.
it is an attack on harmony, she said.
taking it forward, mamatabanerjee demanded a national holiday on christmas, when all states have declared a public holiday on that day.
india so far has three national holidays  republic day, independence day and gandhi jayanti.
the centre should reconsider the list, the cm said.
even if it makes hardly any difference between a national holiday and a public holiday when christmas is being observed in all states, banerjees raising the demand offers a sharp contrast to the yogi adityanath governments silence on right-wing outfit hindu jagran manchs threat to christian schools in aligarh against celebrating christmas.
bjp leaders, however, saw a political motive in the states theme selection.
governments in bengal  both left and trinamool  tried to stir up a controversy, particularly before lok sabha elections, said bjp general secretary sayantan basu.
this story is from february 2, 2019file photo of west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjee.
download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
durgapur (west bengal): bjp national secretary rahul sinha on saturday stated that west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee 's posters were deliberately being put above prime minister narendra modi's banners in durgapur.
this shows there is no democracy in the state, he said.
speaking to ani, sinha said: just 50-70 metres away from the meeting venue of prime minister narendra modi in durgapur, west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjee's posters were deliberately being put above the prime minister's banners.
this is proof that there is no democracy in west bengal.
responding to a question if the bjp has taken any action against the matter, sinha said, when one of our workers protested against such activities, he was attacked.
we have lodged a complaint with police.
we believe that the prime minister's meeting will be historic and successful.
last month, the vehicles used for ferrying people were vandalised by miscreants outside the venue of bjp president amit shah 's public rally in east midnapore district, following which, the party supporters had staged a demonstration, condemning the attack.
bjp general secretary kailash vijayvargiya had also warned trinamool congress supremo mamatabanerjee that bjp workers will not be cowed down after violence marred the rally of shah in the state.
new delhi: in what could spell fresh trouble for the proposed teesta water sharing pact between india and bangladesh, west bengal cm and trinamool congress chief mamatabanerjee pointed out to prime minister narendra modi on thursday the problems the state faces for sharing river waters with the neighbouring country.
mamata's meeting with the pm was to discuss fund allocation and other issues faced by the state.
she submitted a three-page memorandum which focussed on problems that bengal faces because of bangladesh.
she urged modi to take up the issues with dhaka.
mamata's concerns over bangladesh is a clear pointer that the cm is unlikely to agree to the pending teesta water sharing treaty easily.
she had made her displeasure clear to modi and visiting bangladesh pm sheikh hasina recently, saying that the teesta pact in its present form was not acceptable to bengal.
mamata is learnt to have told the pm that bengal's experience of sharing ganga water with bangladesh is not good, as water shortage at the farakka barrage causes the ntpc-run thermal power plant to shut down occasionally and the two ports in the state are impacted adversely.
she complained about reduced flow of water from rivers like atrayee, tangon and punarbhaga that flow into bengal from bangladesh because of barrages and dams built by the other side and also about severe pollution from bangladesh flowing into bengal's churni river in nadia district.
she also asked the pm to take up with dhaka the issue of malda mangoes on which bangladesh has doubled the import duty.
they have stopped sending hilsa and now they are imposing heavy duties on mangoes, she said.
karnataka elections 2018 majority mark 113leads + wins bjp104 inc78 jd(s)+38 oth2 total222 / 224 disclaimer : on may 12, 2018, voting was held in 222 out of 224 seats.
* supreme court will resume hearing on congress-jd(s) plea against karnataka governor's decision to invite bjp to form government in the state today.
* bjp leader b s yeddyurappa has been sworn-in as the karnataka chief minister on thursday, may 17, 2018.
* the supreme court on may 17 refused to stay yeddyurappa's swearing-in as karnataka cm after congress-jd (s) combine made a last-ditch attempt to stall the saffron party's surge in the southern state* congress mlas and leaders gather at karnataka vidhan sabha to protest against yeddyurappa's swearing in as the cm of karnataka*we will form the government with the support from jd(s), says siddaramaiah after the meeting at ashoka hotel in bengaluru*west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee said that the karnataka governor should call the congress and the jd(s) to form the next government*union ministers jp nadda and dharmendra pradhan made observers for legislative party meeting to be held tomorrow in bengaluru*the bjp legislature party to meet tomorrow in bengaluru*congress president rahul gandhi thanks party workers and leaders for their dedication and untiring hard work in support of the party*pm narendra modi, addressing party workers at bjp headquarter, extends his condolences to the families of deceased in varanasi bridge collapse*this is the 15th consecutive election where bjp is going to win: party president amit shah*prime minister narendra modi thanks the people of karnataka for steadfastly supporting bjps development agenda*the coalition has 56 per cent vote share, and the governor has no option but to invite us to form government: congress leader randeep surjewala*congress and jd(s) leaders meet governor; siddaramaiah says extending unconditional support to jd(s)*bjp parliamentary board to meet at 7pm at party headquarters in delhi*congress leader m veerappa moily says jd(s) and congress have enough numbers to form the government in karnataka* bs yeddyurappa meets governor, stakes claim to form government in karnataka* bjp's chief ministerial candidate bs yeddyurappa says he along with union minister ananth kumar will meet karnataka governor this evening to stake claim* three of bjp's ministers -- jp nadda, dharmendra pradhan, and prakash javadekar -- have rushed to bengaluru.
* leads + wins at 4.
24pm:- bjp: 104- congress: 78-jd(s)+: 38- others: 2* chief minister siddaramaiah submits his resignation to the governor of karnataka.
* bjp's chief ministerial candidate bs yeddyurappa, in a press conference, thanks the party karyakartas for helping bjp emerge as the single-largest party in karnataka.
* congress is trying to subvert popular mandate under which the people of karnataka have rejected their party: bs yeddyurappa* under the leadership of pm modi and amit shah, people have rejected congress and accepted bjp.
the 'janaadesh' is with bjp, says yeddyurappa.
* the people of the state have defeated the siddaramaiah government and the last five years of congress government under him.
he lost himeself from chamundeshwari constituency: bs yeddyurappa* reports suggest that the karnataka governor has agreed to meet political leaders only after the election commission comes out with the final results.
* hd kumaraswamy, son of jd(s) leader hd deve gowda, has won from both the constituencies where he contested: ramanagaram and channapatna.
* since kumaraswamy has let go of one of his seats, the new majority mark is 111.
* siddaramaiah has won from badami constituency.
* bs yeddyurappa refused to comment on congress-jd(s) alliance.
* final results are not known yet.
we will decide on the future course once all the results are out: bs yeddyurappa, bjp's chief ministerial candidate* congress leader dk shivakumar has said he is in touch with leading independent mlas in the state.
* congress offers support to jd(s)+ to form a post-poll alliance, with the chief ministerial candidate of jd(s)'s choice.
* jd(s) has dominated the constituencies that are most impacted by the cauvery dispute, with leads+wins adding to 28.
* bjp's r ashoka has won from padmanaba nagar constituency.
* bjp's chief minister candidate bs yeddyurappa has won from his constituency shikaripura.
* trends at 2.
10pm show congress leads + wins at 73, bjp leads + wins at 106, and jd(s)+ leads+ wins at 41.
* bjp's nagendra secures 51,683 votes in chamraja constituency, defeats vasu (who secured 36,743 votes) of congress by a margin of 14,940 votes.
* hassan district has been put under tight security following following fear of post result violence.
* trends at 1.
30pm show congress leading on 73 seats, bjp on 107 seats, and jd(s)+ on 40 seats.
* both central and coastal karnataka have shown to favour bjp, with the party leading on 18 seats in coastal areas, and 24 seats in central parts of the state.
* congress, on the other hand, is leading on three seats in coastal karnataka, and 11 seats in central areas.
* congress candidate from mangaluru, ut abdul khader, has won.
* jd(s) heavyweight sharada puryanaik loses his shimoga rural seat to bjp's kb ashok naik.
* latest trends at 12.
52pm show congress leading on 71 seats, bjp leading on 109 seats and and jd(s)+ leading on 40 seats.
* in areas marred by the mahadayi river dispute, bjp has managed to establish a lead in 8 seats.
congress is a close second, currently leading on 5 seats of the area.
* bjp leader ks eshwarappa is leading in shivamogga constituency.
* we would like to thank all the voters of karnataka who stuck by the agenda of development: nirmala sitharaman* cm siddaramaiah loses from chamundeshwari constituency.
* in areas marked by the cauvery dispute, jd(s)+ is leading on maximum seats: 27.
* leads show bjp has gained 28 seats in constituencies marked by agrarian crisis.
* trends at 10.
59am show bjp as the single-largest party, leading on 121 seats.
congress is considerably behind at the moment, with leads in 59 constituencies.
jd(s)+ is leading on 40 seats.
* congress local leader dk shivakumar is leading in his constituency kanakapura.
* in both sc and st constituencies across karnataka, bjp is leading on maximum seats.
* vokkaliga community of karnataka has come out and voted for jd(s)+ in large numbers.
trends show that the party is leading on 25 seats in the vokkaliga dominant region of karnataka.
* bjp inches close to the majority mark of 113, is now leading on 111 seats.
* jd(s)+ is ahead on 27 seats in the old mysuru area.
* in areas of karnataka marked by an agrarian crisis, bjp and congress are tied, each leading on 27 seats.
west bengal cm mamatabanerjee banerjee.
(ani)kolkata: after manipur and rajasthan , the west bengal government is set to enact a law in the current session of the assembly to make lynching an offence punishable with life imprisonment and a rs 5 lakh fine.
the proposed law, titled the west bengal (prevention of lynching) bill, 2019, while incorporating the supreme courts guidelines, makes conspiracy and rumour mongering offences punishable with prison terms.
it also calls for witness protection and compensation for victims.
in july 2018, a supreme court bench of then chief justice dipak misra , justice a m khanwilkar and justice d y chandrachud termed lynching a horrendous act of mobocracy and asked the centre and states to take steps in this regard.
the sc had also urged them to control hatred and inciteful speeches on social media platforms.
chief minister mamatabanerjee , too, had repeatedly been speaking of tougher laws on lynching and rumour mongering.
the bill asks the state dgp and the kolkata police commissioner to appoint a nodal officer for periodic assessment of local intelligence inputs on potential flashpoints.
it also mandates that each such case will be probed by an officer not below the rank of inspector.
the bill seeks to makes it mandatory for the investigating officer to inform the trial courts on protection of witnesses and informants.
any allegation of threats, coercion or inducement to the witnesses too must be brought to the notice of the court within 24 hours.
the proposed law also makes provisions to punish people obstructing the legal process, disseminating offensive material or instigating hostility.
it says that if anyone is found guilty of assisting, preventing or interfering with the arrest of the accused, the person will punished with imprisonment that may extend up to three years and a fine of up to rs 1 lakh.
apart from this, it proposes a one-year jail term and a fine of rs 50,000 for publishing, communicating or disseminating offensive material by any method  physical or electronic; this brings into its ambit social media platforms.
the proposals also include a jail term of up to three years, with a fine of up to rs 1 lakh, for anyone responsible for encouraging hostility against a single person or a group of people.
the state government is keen to stop any kind of mob violence leading to lynching.
the proposed law directs the ocs of police stations to identify vulnerable zones and take all reasonable steps to prevent lynchings.
as per the bill, the state dgp will appoint a coordinator not below the level of inspector-general (ig) and, in the case of kolkata, the police commissioner will appoint a nodal officer not below the level of additional commissioner of police.
the nodal officer will monitor and take steps to prevent lynchings in the state and kolkata.
they will hold regular meetings with the concerned officers and monitor social media posts to anticipate and prevent incitement.
according to the bill, the state government, apart from giving protection to the victim, will also provide legal assistance to the victim and the person can choose any advocate from those enrolled in the legal aid panel under the legal services authorities act, 1987.
the state will also provide free medical treatment to the victim and provide compensation as per the compensation scheme.
kolkata/siliguri: the performance of granthan sengupta, who topped in the hs with a score of 496, is the best from humanities in recent memory but he is not the only one to shine from the stream this year.
there are five others from humanities who have made it to the top-six, sowing hopes of careers beyond engineering, medical or reasearch in science subjects.
for granthan, it wasnt easy to pursue his dreams.
when i scored well in madhyamik, everybody, including my teachers, wanted me to take science but i was determined to study humanities because i wanted to become a history professor, he said.
ditto with cooch behars joydeep bhowmik, who ranked fourth, and south dinajpurs nayonika roy, the sixth rank-holder.
wanted to pursue with humanities because of their sheer passion for english.
i want to become a professor in english.
i love it, joydeep said.
passion for humanities might be reason for this historic performance but academicians believe this is possibly not the only reason.
a change in evaluation pattern, introduction of mcqs, very short answer type questions (vsaqs), projects and question-cum-answer booklet pattern have increased the opportunity to score more marks in humanities.
others believe that good students are opting humanities nowadays, and this is yielding better results.
i congratulated the toppers and talked to some of them to know about their aspirations.
it is a new trend that many toppers are willing to study subjects like history, english and law.
the success of humanities students reflects the studentfriendly evaluation pattern.
in every arts subject, 20 marks are allotted to projects and it is internally evaluated.
though it started four years back, mcqs and vsaqs are being evaluated on a question-cum-answer booklet.
as a result, students are almost getting full marks.
in a 80-mark question paper, almost 50  is allotted to the question-cum-answer booklet, said saugata basu, the secretary of government school teachers association.
earlier, students with average or below par intelligence opted for humanities.
to ensure parity between curriculum, science syllabus has now become vast and books are voluminous.
in comparison to humanities, science text books have almost 30 times more pages.
as a result, many students decide to give up science and opt for humanities, physics teacher arindam nandi.
another teacher from ju pointed out that many move to humanities since they prefer not to take national engineering or medical entrance examinations, which is organized by the central boards.
its a presumption that science is for bright students.
i think the changing trend is encouraging.
its a recognition of the fact that students can go on to have great careers in different fields, instead of becoming doctors or engineers.
now there are many openings and career options, which is perhaps encouraging bright students choosing humanities, said nilanjana gupta, a teacher of the english department in ju.
this story is from february 15, 2019delhi cm arvind kejriwal (file photo)download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
new delhi: the bjp on thursday dubbed chief minister arvind kejriwals statement on the supreme court verdict anarchist and contemptuous, and asked other opposition leaders if they agreed with what the cm said.
the language kejriwal has used for the supreme court shows that he has no respect for the constitutional institutions.
his statement is anarchist and a clear case of contempt of the supreme court, said bjp spokesperson sambit patra patra said it is surprising that the leaders of the so-called grand alliance like mamatabanerjee , sharad pawar, rahul gandhi and farooq abdullah were silent on kejriwals statements.
the leaders who are claiming to be in alliance should clarify if they agree with kejriwal, patra said.
after the verdict, kejriwal said it goes against democracy and his government would seek legal remedy.
patra said kejriwal was the cm of an elected government but the language he used was not only insulting to the sc but also a huge blow to the authority of constitutional institutions.
the highest court of the country has decided that lgs views will have supremacy over the chief ministers in case of a deadlock but kejriwal has flatly refused to accept the verdict, he said.
the bjp's delhi unit welcomed the verdict and said it was a slap on the face of urban naxals like arvind kejriwal.
why does kejriwal want to go beyond the constitutional remit?
he should now focus on work after this judgment, delhi bjp chief manoj tiwari said.
he also said kejriwal should respect the constitution and learn from former cms like madan lal khurana and sahib singh verma.
he also went on twitter and said, mr cm, you as the head of a state should uphold the constitution the most.
bjps vijender gupta said, there should no scope for confusion or conflict and the aap government should humbly accept the supreme court judgment.
everyone knows, as the old gag puts it, that half the time in government is wasted, but no one knows which half.
indian voters, turned cynical by experience, are rarely in a hurry to believe that the political class can be a force for the good.
but when they find a national government with purpose, pace, direction, not only is it in a hurry but also confident about horizons, it is logical that the initial electoral chemistry has begun to mature into alchemy.
there was enough reason for cynicism in 2014.
a decade of sinking growth and exploding corruption had stripped the electorate of hope, and drained out any illusion.
the corrosive by-product of frustration is intense anger.
but in a charismatic eight-month election campaign, narendra modi transformed the mood from despair to optimism about the future.
the problem was that change cannot come at the speed of magic.
stunned opposition parties, demanding instant delivery, fanned a backlash with a ferocity that, in hindsight, only confirms how anxious they were about their immediate relevance.
however, prime minister modis nerves are dipped in steel.
in less than three years, trust has returned to the grassroots; self-belief is back in the air.
that was confirmed in up.
elections are a natural barometer in democracy.
but there is also much to learn from corners where elections are neither in process nor even imminent; where the storm has not yet broken, but fresh winds are beginning to whisper.
quiz question: which part of british india did not become independent on 15 august 1947?
answer: maldah, bengal.
a magistrate from what was then east pakistan was administrator for two days, till 17 august, before the tricolour was unfurled to end confusion (other disputed territories were either european colonies like goa, or princely states like hyderabad; not part of british india).
the reason was demographic.
maldah is a muslim-majority district adjoining bangladesh, watered by a generous ganga before it splits at farakka into hooghly river while the other tributary decants across the eastern border.
maldah has history; perhaps too much of it.
it is mentioned in puranic texts as gour, capital of ancient bengal, and remained as the seat of power through the famed pala dynasty, and then into the era of sultanate and mughal nawabs.
since the 1950 general elections maldah has been consistently loyal to congress.
i visited maldah in mid-april for a political foray into a small township called gazole, a modest cluster of shops and homes serving a large rural hinterland.
it would be immodest to call the gathering at our public meeting a crowd.
between the partisan and the curious, the number could not have been more than 2,000.
bengali voters are the vociferous centre of a noisy democracy, but they take their time over any decision.
a good place from where to observe any shift in thinking is the dais at a public meeting.
an audiences mind is visible through eyes, gestures, a silent nod or loud applause.
it was clear to me that another churn has begun, although how far it travels depends on both the predictable and the unforeseen.
but if maldah is in play, you can be certain that any stronghold is no longer very strong.
objectively speaking, voter stability is a bit baffling, given the stagnant rural economy, disparity and rising aspirations.
sectarian loyalties of course play their role.
but if a seven-decade status quo is now wobbly, there is one primary reason: corruption.
corruption switched from background resentment in bengal to foreground anger thanks to a sting operation, relayed continually on television, which showed trinamool mps and state ministers taking bribes and stuffing cash into their pockets.
mamata mamatabanerjee , who has always claimed to live on high moral ground, startled people by publicly justifying this blatant bribery in her usual belligerent manner.
this became, for voters, collateral evidence for rumours that her close relatives were on the take in a growing culture of malfeasance.
the current talk is that her high-pitched rage against demonetisation was fuelled by loss of stashed currency.
corruption was a game changer in 2014, but that game now seems to be the semi-final.
the finals will be in 2019.
interestingly, opposition leaders with highest profiles are currently stumbling through this swamp.
congress, with its familiar repertoire of in-laws and out-laws, is led by a dynasty that has added financial manipulation and asset transfers in the national herald to its woes.
lalu prasad, already convicted, is back under scrutiny while his political heirs are beset with accusations of receiving property through gifts and ghost companies.
mayawati has to worry about allegations of extortion just made by her trusted aide, naseemuddin siddiqui.
a senior minister in the delhi government, kapil mishra, is ripping apart the faade of virtue around arvind kejriwal.
the voter is witnessing something unusual.
the era of cosy back-scratching between elites is over.
no one lives above the law.
colourful personalities like vijay mallya are discovering that money does not buy immunity.
the voter welcomed demonetisation because it was part of the same narrative.
best of all, there are no allegations against the present government, in sharp contrast to the congress decade before 2014.
this systematic and sustained mission segues easily into the larger story of good governance, with rapid elimination of harsh poverty as its central objective.
indias poor believe that corruption is theft of public money.
massive investment into social welfare is beginning to change their lives.
they believe the pm when he says that the first fruits and largest share of growth must go to those who need it most, the impoverished.
and they know that narendra modi has no time to waste.
howrah: chief minister mamatabanerjee on monday ordered an audit of municipalities across bengal to examine if funds to civic bodies are being properly utilised and municipalities are conforming to finance rules.
banerjee hinted at stern action against chairpersons if found guilty.
the cm was upset with the appalling civic conditions at howrah purano bustee on round tank lane, adjacent to foreshore road, where she paid a visit on monday before coming to the howrah administrative meeting at sarat sadan.
i found 400 slumdwellers using two toilets in the bustee.
what are the councillors doing?
she asked.
sailesh rai, councillor of ward 29 under which this bustee falls, has been jailed in a murder case.
the chief minister asked municipal affairs minister firhad hakim to inspect the slum and draw up a development plan.
where are the bustee development funds going?
why are they still living in kuchha structures when we have made pucca structures in kolkata bustees?
we have also given them ownership, she added.
the cm was also unhappy with the performance of howrah municipal corporation , now placed under an administrator.
outgoing mayor rathin chakrabarty, before demitting office in december 2018, had engaged as many as 419 casual staff who have now become a burden to the state government.
a mayor or a chairman cant do whatever he likes.
he should not take up projects or engage people without the finance departments concurrence.
i follow this principle.
you should also follow this.
all municipalities must be audited to see that funds are being properly utilised, the cm said.
banerjee gave a piece of her mind to minister arup roy because the bustee comes under his assembly constituency.
many hindi-speaking slumdwellers do not have ration cards.
i want to know why they didnt get ration cards when the government has arranged for digital cards.
was the survey properly done here?
she said.
the underdevelopment of howrah slums and the rising resentment have paved the way for bjp in these areas.
bjp is far ahead of trinamool in ward 29 and making deep inroads in other areas.
kolkata: the countrys first floating market in a metro will be unveiled by chief minister mamatabanerjee in patuli on wednesday.
an official said 114 boats will house the market on a 500-metre long and 60-metre wide waterbody .
it has been set up by the kolkata metropolitan development authority (kmda) for rs 10 crore on the lines of the floating markets in thailand.
on tuesday, 228 vendors, who will be rehabilitated and accommodated in the boats, were selected via a lottery process.
the selected sellers, who have been doing business for more than 20 years, had stalls at the nearby vip patuli market that has been dismantled.
two sellers will sit on one boat, while customers will take a wooden pathway with several entry points to approach the sellers.
there were mixed reactions among traders, though.
while some said that they were hopeful that their business would be as usual in the new venue, some were apprehensive over getting customers.
i have been selling fish at patuli market for the last 25 years.
i think this is a good arrangement, said arati sardar, who has been allotted boat 105b .
she starts around 1am from her canning residence to reach the market.
ramen mondal and krishnachandra naskar, who have been given boats 94a and 102b respectively, said that they would bank on the customers curiosity quotient and loyalty.
local residents and those from panchasayer, santoshpur and garfa, who used to visit the vip patuli market, were excited.
i think this floating market will be popular and will attract many, said s k mandal, a resident of santoshpur, who had come to the spot with his wife and daughter on tuesday to see how the floating market was looking like.
it looks good.
the only thing that bothers me is that the water here is stagnant.
the market needs to be maintained properly and a proper garbage collection procedure should be in place, said ashis sanyal, a lcoal resident.
there are certain concerns, though.
we are not used to boats, we do not know swimming.
there is little chance to stand and interact with customers.
with no customer allowed on the boat, i am worried how i can assure them of the quality of the product since they wont be able to touch the products, said biltu paik, a vegetable vendor and a resident of bagha jatin.
police said they were bothered about four issues  safety of the customers and sellers in case they fall in 8-ft deep water, absence of basic fire-fighting mechanism, structural strength of the pathways and absence of cctvs.
kmda engineers at the site said lifebuoys and life jackets have been arranged from a bangur facility and kept at the market office.
this story is from february 6, 2019make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
purulia/bokaro: uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath addressed a public meeting at purulia's bhangra on tuesday following high drama on both sides of the bengal-jharkhand border along nh-60a, with mamatabanerjee government refusing permission for his chopper to land in the state for the second time in last three days.
on sunday, yogi had to address a rally in balurghat in south dinajpur district via phone after the trinamool government refused permission for his chopper to land near the meeting ground.
but yogi had come prepared on tuesday to face a similar situation with bjp building as many as seven helipads in the neighbouring jharkhand , where it is in power.
yogi landed in barmasiya village in jharkhand's bokaro district.
from there, he drove down to bhangra, a distance of 29 km, in a convoy of over 20 vehicles along with national security guard commandoes.
once inside bengal, not a single bengal police vehicle or personnel from the state police was deployed for yogi's security.
instead, crpf jawans - who travelled in two trucks half km ahead in the convoy - were deployed.
yogi's itinerary was crafted by bjp's senior leadership to counter any move by bengal government to foil his plans.
earlier, bokaro district administration had zeroed in on a ground in nagenmoad of chas block.
but it changed the venue to barmasiya in adjacent chandankyari block a couple of hours before the landing.
a district administration official said they had changed the venue after receiving a message that mamata's nephew abhiseikh mamatabanerjee was holding a rally at bartaad that falls on the route which yogi was supposed to take earlier.
the administration changed the plan to avoid a possible clash between tmc and bjp supporters.
dc bokaro shailesh kumar choursiya and sp p murgan were present at the spot.
the road from barmasiya to bengal-jharkhand border was virtually turned into a fortress with heightened security.
at bhangra, yogi began his speech paying tribute to ramakrishna paramhansa, swami vivekananda, rabindranath tagore and bankim chandra chattaopadhyay.
attacking the mamatabanerjee regime, he said: the trinamool government has failed to deliver the goods handed over by the modi government to the poor.
trinamool men have taken away the money for building home under the prime minister ayas yojna.
the state government has turned out to be government of scams.
expressing concern over the plight of bjp workers, yogi said: bjp workers are being tortured in this state.
it is time that we give them a befitting reply.
bjp will throw the trinamool goons out of bengal.
once the city of elegant bungalows steeped in history, the city of joy is on the verge of turning into another indian suburb sans character.
scores of stately villas that lined elgin road, rowdon street, ballygunge, prince anwar shah road, bhowanipore and moore avenue have been torn down in the past decade to make way for monolithic steel and concrete structures.
once the few bungalows that have survived the onslaught disappear, pune's fate may well befall kolkata.
a pristine colonial town till not so long ago, pune has been plundered in the past 10 years and is today an extension of suburban mumbai.
in kolkata, hundreds of colonial buildings were demolished in a mad race to ape the development in other cities till awareness on heritage dawned a decade ago.
till then, efforts taken to preserve heritage localities comparable to lutyen's delhi and mumbai's parsi districts like bandra had been conveniently overlooked.
but what has sent alarm bells ringing again is the blatant manner in which villas and bungalows continue to be demolished in prime locations to accelerate the transformation to a highrise city.
the city i knew as a child and the kolkata of today are very different.
the city's built heritage - the buildings and the architecture from which the city imbibed a character - is being brutally decimated.
every time i return to kolkata, i see a few more bungalows have been leveled to make way for tall buildings.
the regularity with which it is happening is frightening.
we must take a call on whether we want to model ourselves on london, paris, berlin or any other european city that has evolved organically while preserving its built heritage, or go down the route of kula lumpur, hong kong, and pune, which have destroyed their historical character in favour of anonymity and consumer centres, remarked writer amit chaudhuri, who is among the many individuals perturbed by the drastic 'change' to the cityscape in recent times.
the worry is not without reason.
in the past five years, kmc has given its nod to more highrise developments in the city than in the previous 15.
while the cap on floors count in densely populated pockets was 10 till a few years ago, sky is the limit now.
sports commentator and writer kishore bhimani, who lives in south kolkata's posh sunny park address, recalls how elegant villas with luxuriant lawns that were there in the entire belt is now pockmarked with tall buildings that stand like scarecrows.
ballygunge park, queen's park, ballygunge circular road or ballygunge place.
ditto with elgin road and rowdon street.
these were charming residential neighbourhoods with no highrises.
as one traveled north, one encountered another kind of charm in the hustle and bustle of chitpore and bagbazar.
elgin road and rowdon street have now turned into neon-lit commercial hubs.
even sunny park, a cul-de-sac, has become a commercial area with a health club, a music school and an art gallery.
now there are plans to build a g+20 apartment block in one of the plots.
the area will be completely ruined, he rued.
in the adjoining queen's park, the only bungalow that stands is set to disappear with a realtor purchasing the prime property to develop luxury apartments, each worth over rs 10 crore.
four such buildings have already sprung up within 1-km radius and are in various stages of completion.
construction on another 26-story building is fast progressing.
even alipore, the city's ivory tower, isn't unscathed.
a strictly 'bungalows-only' zone where families of the creme-de-la-creme of india inc. reside, a 30-story building is underway.
anita gurbaxani, an alipore park road resident, is appalled at the mammoth development opposite the house.
when she moved into the locality 15 years ago, there was greenery all around.
the area was a haven for birds.
since then, buildings have mushroomed, and trees and birds disappeared.
all she gets to see these days are leaking drain pipes that stain the rear portions of buildings.
now she is set to lose even the view of the sky.
the giant building will overshadow the neighbourhood.
it will rob us of our privacy and freedom, she fumed.
town planners and heritage experts feel there is an urgent need to revisit the heritage policy and view it holistically.
nearly 1,000 buildings of historic, cultural or architectural significance have been protected by enlisting them as heritage properties.
but civic officials have failed to use heritage as a tool for urban planning.
localities that had bungalows do not have adequate infrastructure for highrise developments.
yet, demands on water, waste and traffic are being thrust on them.
designate sections of the city as heritage zones to preserve kolkata's character.
it has happened in dalhousie.
include more precincts like chitpore and bhowanipore, said gm kapur of indian national trust for art & cultural heritage (intach).
the suggestion of earmarking high-value areas like ballygunge, rash behari and alipore as lowrise zones does not find resonance with realtors.
they argue that the idea is undemocratic and unviable.
how can one deny a land owner the right to develop?
land is so expensive in these areas, lowrise developments won't make economic sense, reasoned realtor pradeep chopra.
incidentally, mumbai has enforced it along the marine drive where three storied bungalows have survived the initial skyscraper onslaught.
it's illegal to sell old buildings for them to be destroyed in the uk, something that chief minister mamatabanerjee , with her interest in 'london', might investigate urgently, added amit chaudhuri.
chopra also argues that by developing vertically instead of horizontally, developers are helping preserve the city's greenery.
the volume of construction has not gone up.
by building vertically, we are leaving more space for lawn, playground and car park, chopra said.
but then why not leave the city proper alone and build highrises at new town to the east of the city and kona and budge budge to the west and south-west?
realtors say so long there is demand for a premium address, developments in ballygunge, alipore and other parts of south kolkata will continue.
pradeep sureka, a prominent member of confederation of real estate developers' association of india (credai), an umbrella body of realtors, feels pressure on land in the city proper will persist till there is further clarity on land policy.
we are fine with the government's policy that builders buy land at market rate.
but the government must facilitate by repealing laws like urban land ceiling act and allow friendlier conversion policies so that builders are encouraged to venture out, said sureka.
there are many instances of villa owners being coerced by builders to sell as there are of families selling off on the own account after falling on bad times or partition of property.
either way, the epitaph for bungalows has been written.
in the goliath versus david battle, there is no doubting which way the odds are tipped.
but there are some like saumish chandra roy of nuddea house who have the stomach to fight the odds.
our family is determined to preserve the heritage, said saumish chandra roy, who resides in the 150-year-old ancestral villa on bright street.
a decade-and-a-half ago, there were many bungalows with corinthian pillars.
now, it cuts a lonely figure amidst the concrete jungle.
in the 1980s and '90s, we faced a lot of pressure from realtors.
there would be subtle hints to sell out and crude attempts to grab the property.
things came to such a pass that we kept a german shepherd to ward off intruders, saumish recounted.
his son manish takes pride in the ancestral property.
he recalled a phrase his grandfather saurish, the last raja of nadia, had uttered when he visited the royal calcutta turf club (rctc) for the last time.
unable to reconcile with noveau riche replacing the gentry in the stands, he escorted me out on that winter day three decades ago.
'exit pink gin.
enter paan masala!
' he had muttered, seeing vulgar wealth stamp over the measured tread.
back then, manish had wondered what his grandpa had meant.
in the years that followed, the meaning soon dawned on him as bungalows in the vicinity were gobbled up by strangers.
now, nuddea house is an alien in its home turf.
keshpur: nearly four weeks after a management graduate chiranjib hazra (30) died in sydney, his family at keshpur in west midnapore was on wednesday left with no option but to give their permission to the indian consulate in the australian city to cremate his body there.
hazra will be cremated at 1pm on thursday, sydney time.
the consulate and a funeral service firm, with which hazras family had constantly been communicating, had told them they would not be able to fly the body back home as it was fast decomposing.
none of the family members, on the other hand, had a passport to visit australia.
hazras body was found at his rented room on january 26.
ever since they learnt about his death, his family, especially chiranjibs brother-inlaw anup samanta, had been demanding that the indian consulate there coordinate with the australian authorities and make arrangements to fly hazras body back home.
locally, the family had tried knocking on the doors of chief minister mamatabanerjee and west midnapore dm as well, but to avail.
hazras friend in sydney, nitish patel, reportedly told sukanya, elder sister of the deceased, that he had contacted the local police but did not receive any cooperation.
the cops apparently denied nitish even a chance to see his friends body.
the consulate and the funeral servic e firm had requested if at least one member of the family could be in sydney for hazras funeral there.
but, without a passport, they replied they would not be able to travel there.
the consulate and the funeral service company then sought the familys permission to cremate hazra in sydney.
hazras brother-in-law samanta has finally emailed the consulate that they should go ahead with cremation in sydney.
the consulate wrote back, saying the permission would have to come from hazras father, chittaranjan.
the father emailed the consulate and the funeral service firm around 10.
38am on tuesday, giving the nod for the rites in sydney.
the family received an email from the funeral service at 10.
06 am on wednesday that arrangements had been made to cremate chiranjib at 1 pm on thursday, sydney time.
despite repeated efforts and knocking on various doors, we could not bring him back for his last rites.
the indian government and the australian authorities were not at all helpful, one of the family members rued.
malda: chief minister mamatabanerjee on friday called up the 36-year-old widow of rajkumar ray , the presiding officer whose mutilated body was found near railway tracks in raiganj a day after the monday polling.
the chief minister assured her of a government job, an ex-gratia payment of rs 5 lakh and family pension and repeatedly assured her of a comprehensive cid probe.
the cm spoke to arpita for several minutes in the afternoon.
it had its effect.
arpita - and her family - gave up their demand of not receiving ray's body unless they get the detailed post mortem report.
arpita, who had lodged a murder complaint before, had apprehended that the administration might alter the post mortem report.
assured by the cm, arpita received the body of her husband and decided to take it to her in-laws' home in siliguri's phansidewa.
hemnanta ray, arpita's brother-in-law, said, my 72-year-old father priyanath ray is eager to see my brother for the last time.
moreover, we were assured that post mortem report would not be changed.
arpita, on her way to siliguri, told toi that the chief minister had personally assured her all possible help.
apart from sanctioning rs 5 lakh immediately, she assured us that we will get the compensation sec was to give.
she promised me of family pension and a government job.
moreover, she assured that proper investigation into my husband's death would be done.
i have faith on her and have agreed to receive the body.
ray (42), who was a government school teacher at rahatpur high madrasa, had been deployed as a presiding officer at the sonapur basic school poll booth at itahar under raiganj subdivision, north dinajpur.
he went missing from election duty and his body was found a day later on the railway tracks near sonadangi off raiganj.
ray's wife had lodged a police complaint alleging that her husband was kidnapped from the polling booth and murdered.
the cid team has already begun its probe, interrogating the victim's wife, the doctors who had done the post mortem and visiting the place where ray's body was found.
nusrat jahan (photo: ani)kolkata: west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee called for religious harmony and togetherness on thursday as she inaugurated the iskcon rath yatra festival here, the largest in the city.
banerjee, who was flanked by newly-elected mp nusrat jahan and her husband nikhil jain, said, togetherness and tolerance for all faiths is the real religion.
urging people to embrace peace and unity, the chief minister wished well for everyone on the occasion and chanted jai jagannath , jai hind and jai bangla before the chariot-pulling ceremony commenced from the albert road centre of the international society for krishna consciousness (iskcon).
sporting a lime green saree, red bangles, a mangalsutra and vermilion, jahan took part in the rathyatra rituals along with tollywood actor soham and her entrepreneur husband, who was wearing white kurta-pyjama.
in west bengal, we participate in festivals irrespective of caste, creed or religion.
bengal symbolises amity, the mp from basirhat said.
jahan was heavily trolled recently for wearing vermilion and sporting a mangalsutra at her oath-taking ceremony in parliament.
slamming the critics, the mp had tweeted, saying she represented an inclusive india.
.
.
which is beyond the barriers of caste, creed and religion.
earlier too, jahan and another newly sworn-in trinamool congress (tmc) mp, mimi chakraborty , came under fire for wearing western outfits to parliament.
both jahan and chakraborty are actresses-turned-politicians.
on thursday, the basirhat mp conveyed her gratitude to iskcon for inviting her to the rathyatra celebrations and extended her best wishes to all.
we should all move ahead together and learn to live together.
.
.
jai jagannath, she told the gathering.
iskcon spokesperson radharaman das had, on july 2, thanked jahan for accepting the invitation as a special guest for the inauguration of their 48th rathyatra ceremony.
nusrat jahan represents a new india .
.
.
an all-inclusive india.
respect for others' religious beliefs and participation in their festivities will make india great again.
this is what india stands for and youngsters like nusrat jahan are showing the path forward, he said.
banerjee, during her address, said a huge ceremony was also being held at the mayapur chandrodaya temple, the global and spiritual headquarters of isckon, on the occasion.
a religious township would be coming up soon on a 700-acre land adjoining the newly-built temple at mayapur, the tmc supremo added.
the chief minister is scheduled to participate in another rath yatra celebration at mahesh in hooghly district later in the day.
chennai: the all india football federation (aiff)'s national training centre of excellence is already in the pipeline and the federation is in dialogue with germany football association (dfb) for assistance in setting up its dream project.
it was learnt that aiff senior vice-president subrata dutta met former germany captain and project head of dfb national academy oliver bierhoff and dfb general secretary friedrich curtius among others on the sidelines of spobis - europe's sports business meet - last month in dusseldorf to discuss the possibility of using dfb's knowledge in building the training centre.
the training centre will be the home of the indian national team, junior and women's teams.
we will provide the players everything - from physical training to swimming pools to classrooms to mental conditioning.
germany, too, is building such an academy in frankfurt and bierhoff is in charge of the project.
so the idea behind the meeting was to discuss how to conceptualise and go about building the centre.
we want to exchange ideas and know-how, dutta told toi on sunday.
the training centre will be built on the outskirts of kolkata after the west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee promised 10 acres of land.
dutta, who shared his views on the current state of indian football at spobis, said that the discussion with bierhoff was fruitful.
bierhoff was open to welcome an aiff delegation to frankfurt to show his plans and ideas.
they also wanted to help with dfb's medical and science lab, dutta said.
lucknow: rajan mittal , who had a controversial stint as pwd chief engineer and then as managing director of bridge corporation in the akhilesh yadav regime, had tried to defend himself by blaming the tragedy on strong winds dislodging the beams and the administrations failure to divert traffic near the site.
this angered cm yogi, who is learnt to have ordered his immediate sacking, before the first report by the inquiry committee was released.
differences between chief minister yogi and his deputy and pwd minister keshav prasad maurya have grown after the flyover collapse.
yogis public promise to make state roads potholefree also boomeranged.
however, a stubborn maurya retained his blueeyed boy rajan mittal as acting managing director of up rajkiya nirman nigam , the biggest construction agency of the state.
this, even after his sacking from bridge corporation.
maurya had given the tainted engineer dual charge of bridge corporation and rajkiya nirman nigam, even though he had no expertise in construction of bridges and his career graph spanned only the road sector.
the two construction agencies have a combined annual turnover of rs 1 lakh crore and this is linked to mittals expertise in working with system, which in government parlance means keeping bosses happy.
earlier, no engineer ever held these twin top positions.
mittal was a pliable officer and was once close to samajwadi party bosses and even served in etawah , the backyard of then ruling yadav clan for three years.
he held cream postings in other places too during the sp regime.
as allegations of corruption in allotment of work mounted, then chief minister akhilesh yadav sacked him.
but, maurya re-instated him as managing director of bridge corporation.
it was mittals inexperience in constructing bridges that cost him heavily when two 300-tonne cement beams fell upon crawling traffic in varanasi on tuesday.
it was big embarrassment to the pm as the opposition reminded him of his words when a bridge caved in kolkata and he went hammer and tongs against chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjee.
now, its to be seen whether chief minister yogi adityanath will be able to strip his deputy maurya of dual charge of two construction agencies or will he contend with part action against a tainted engineer rajan mittal.
file photomake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
kolkata: bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on monday accused the centre of ignoring intelligence inputs before the pulwama terror attack.
centre had received intelligence inputs before the attack.
why didnt the government do a routine route check before moving the force?
why did it turn down a crpf request to airlift jawans?
she asked, mocking the pms shadow battle ahead of the general elections.
is it a surgical strike or simple warmongering?
she asked.
kolkata: the infrastructure leasing and financial services limited (ilfs) on monday made a detailed presentation at writers' buildings on its plans to develop a 480-acre waterbody in rajarhat new town into an eco tourism park.
hidco chairman-cum-managing director debasis sen said monday's meeting was aimed at coming up with a project plan.
it was attended by senior officials of the urban development department and hidco.
ilfs was engaged in preparing a plan and the survey has been completed.
it has already submitted an inception report and made a presentation on the proposed plan today, he said.
the final report will be placed before chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjee.
according to plans, the huge waterbody and its surroundings will become a vast open recreational spot where eco tourism will be developed on the lines of nalban.
water sport facilities, food stalls, pedestrian plazas and other developments are on the cards at the spot.
after coming to power, it was the chief minister who instructed hidco authorities to develop the 480-acre waterbody into an eco tourism venue.
her convoy was passing through rajarhat when she noticed the huge waterbody.
hidco authorities later found it lying in utter neglect.
the previous left front-run hidco board had planned to develop waterbodies but nothing was done.
the hidco authorities are also working on setting up many children's parks in rajarhat new town.
we are working on a plan to set up children's parks in the township, sen said.
at present, several multistoried residential complexes are coming up in rajarhat.
though most of these complexes will have parks and open spaces, not much has been done so far to develop the open green spaces in the township.
hidco is also working on plans to give rajarhat an aesthetic, clean and green look.
the authorities had earlier asked developers of residential complexes in rajarhat new town to suggest beautification programmes for the township to make it a futuristic smart city.
we held our second meeting on this recently, an official said.
kolkata: the officer-in-charge of shyampur police station in howrah, suman das (44), who was critically injured in a mob attack, was discharged from the hospital after almost two months on wednesday.
though doctors said he would need another two to three months before he can go back to work, the cop with a never-say-dieattitude wants to resume duty at the earliest.
das was attacked by a mob in the wee hours of january 6, when his team was looking for a wanted criminal on court orders.
the attack neither killed me, nor my spirit.
im a cop and such incidents wont deter me from taking criminals on in future.
give me two weeks and ill be back to donning my uniform, das told toi hours before being discharged.
hit by iron rod and other sharp weapons, das suffered a massive head injury.
initially he was taken to belle vue clinic and shifted to institute of neurosciences kolkata (ink) on january 10.
he suffered a brain injury.
his skull was fractured and the brain fluid was leaking.
but we were positive.
also, the mans fighting spirit helped a lot in the treatment process, said ink chairman robin sengupta after the attack, das went in coma for 15 days and required ventilation support as his entire life side was paralysed.
two surgeries were conducted after doctors stabilised his condition.
the assaults impact damaged the brain stem rendering him comatose for almost two weeks.
thankfully, we salvaged him.
he still has problem with vision, speech and walking, thus, he needs to undergo therapy at home, said dr dipendra pradhan , who led the team of neurosurgeons which operated on das.
das joined the police force in 2,000 and was posted in shyampur police station for the last three years.
chief minister mamatabanerjee had called up the ocs wife sumita to assure all assistance and the best medical services.
we were told by the other hospital the chances of my husband pulling off was just 10  to 15 .
but i was optimistic he would make it.
were thankful to the cm, ink and all police officers who stood by us, wife sumita told toi.
dass left hand and legs are still weak.
with physiotherapy and other rehabilitation programmes, he would start walking gradually.
besides head injury, das developed severe chest infection which was taken care of by intensivists.
were hopeful he would be able to go back to work in another two to three months, said ink ceo john vasiloudis.
on children's day, mamatabanerjee showered blessings on all children and said various schemes like 'sabuj shree' and 'shishu sathi' have been rolled out by her government for their welfare.
my love and blessings to all children on the occasion of #childrensday.
from #shishusathi to #sabujshree, we have several schemes for the welfare of children.
they are the future of our society.
we must take care of them, mamatabanerjee wrote on her twitter handle.
children's day is celebrated on different dates in different countries.
in india, it is celebrated on november 14 on the birthday of jawaharlal nehru.
nehru, who was fondly called 'chacha nehru', was known for his love for children.
kolkata: a section of the trinamool congress is pitching for a sporting choice for one of the rajya sabha seats that the party will have to fill up next month.
senior trinamool leaders say the two names that are doing the rounds are those of former india cricket captain sourav ganguly and former india football captain bhaichung bhutia.
chief minister mamatabanerjee is likely to meet the party's core committee on friday to firm up the names of five candidates for the june 8 polls.
six rs members from bengal, including four from the trinamool, are due to retire from the upper house on august 18.
the poll has been brought forward because of the presidential polls and the numbers that the trinamool has in the state legislature gives it an opportunity to send five members to the rs (out of the six from bengal).
a senior mp said ganguly had already been sounded out but the cricket association of bengal president remained non-committal.
he told toi from sydney on thursday: i am in australia at the moment and am unaware of any such development.
hence, i cannot comment on this issue.
ganguly's cab term ends in july.
banerjee may renominate the party's rs leader, derek o'brien, the party's deputy leader, sukhendu sekhar ray, and its trade wing state president dola sen.
that leaves her with room to nominate two more.
we believe she will nominate a prominent national-level sportsperson for the fourth slot and the fifth is likely to go to a politician, the mp said.
the cm may or may not formally announce the names of the five candidates at the core committee meeting itself.
the last date of nomination is may 28, giving her a week to decide.
but, since she is leaving for delhi mid-week, we expect the announcement may be made before that, a party leader said.
the mp, who claimed to have spoken to ganguly a few weeks back, said: he (ganguly) wants to remain in cricket administration.
he is enjoying his cab stint and feels an active political role may turn to be an impediment for him in the longer run.
given the apex court and subsequent lodha committee recommendations, politician-turned-cricket administrators are taking a backseat.
given all these complications, bhutia could be a far easier choice for the party.
bhutia has already contested the 2014 lok sabha polls from darjeeling and was the trinamool candidate from siliguri in the 2016 assembly polls.
he lost both times but senior leaders said his grit and determination had the trinamool leadership, including the chief minister herself, impressed.
the party's better-than-expected municipal poll results in the hills have also stoked expectations that it may send a local to the parliament to effectively counter the gjm's aggressive gorkhaland posturing.
bhutia remained unavailable for comment.
trinamool insiders said former bureaucrat debabrata bandyopadhyay may not be nominated again.
the senior mp is in his mid-80s and is ailing.
he has been informally conveyed the party decision, a party mp claimed.
it was bandyopadhyay's seat that was most likely to be replaced by a sportsperson, insiders said.
the party's stellar show in the 2016 assembly polls gives it a chance to send one more member to the rs, effectively making it the fourth-largest party in the upper house.
the opposition can safely send one mp to the rs, where it now has the congress's pradip bhattacharya and the cpm's sitaram yechury.
cm mamatabanerjee banerjeedownload the times of india news app for latest citykolkata: chief minister mamatabanerjee has sent flowers and a handwritten note, thanking the five senior doctors, who helped facilitate the talks between her and the junior doctors.
the group comprises gastroenterologist and sskm hepatology head avijit chowdhury, veteran physician sukumar mukherjee, mch cardiothoracic surgery head plaban mukherhee, sskm rheumatology head alokendu ghosh and sskm general surgery head makhanlal saha.
even as chief minister mamatabanerjee met prime minister narendra modi in new delhi to discuss just development and not politics, bjp workers upped the ante back home, fighting a pitched battle with police on the streets for close to three hours and paralyzing the heart of the city for the entire afternoon.
a bitter critic of the modi government, mamatabanerjee shed her usual aggression in the national capital on thursday , but didn't take the bjp bengal unit's offensive lightly .
hitting out at the hooliganism on the city's roads, the cm claimed bjp and cpm were in a competition to outdo each other.
cpm and bjp are engaged in a fierce competition over who will occupy the no.
2 spot in bengal politics.
they have no real issues.
they are destroying public property , burning state vehicles, she said.
in kolkata, state bjp leader rahul sinha was quick to come up with a reply.
the mamatabanerjee government is scared of the saffron surge in bengal.
the cm has only given vent to this fear.
we are not fighting for the no.
2 position in bengal, we are aiming for the no.
1position, sinha said.
: in what could spell fresh trouble for the proposed teesta water sharing pact between india and bangladesh, west bengal chief minister and trinamool congress chief mamatabanerjee on thursday pointed out to prime minister narendra modi the problems the state faces for sharing river waters with the neighbouring country .
mamata's meeting with the pm was to discuss fund allocation and other issues faced by the state.
during the meeting, she submitted a three-page memorandum which focused on problems that bengal is facing because of bangladesh.
the cm urged modi to take up the issues with dhaka.
mamata's concerns over bangladesh is a clear pointer that the cm is unlikely to agree to the pending teesta treaty easily .
she had made her displeasure clear to modi and visiting bangladesh pm sheikh hasina recently , saying that the teesta pact in its present form was not acceptable to bengal.
mamata is learnt to have told the pm that bengal's experience about sharing ganga water with bangladesh is not good, as water shortage at the farakka barrage causes the ntpc-run thermal power plant to shut down occasionally and the two ports in the state are impacted adversely due to heavy silting and lack of flow of water.
she complained about reduction on flow of water from rivers like atrayee, tangon and punarbhaga that flow into bengal from bangladesh because of bar rages and dams that have been built by the other side and also about severe pollution from bangladesh flowing into bengal's churni river in nadia district.
banerjee has also asked the pm to take up with dhaka the issue of malda mangoes on which bangladesh has doubled the import duty .
they have stopped sending hilsa and now they are imposing heavy import duty on mangoes, she said.
bangladesh traditionally consumes around 70  of mangoes produced in malda district.
while there was speculation about mamatabanerjee could bring up the issue of a consensus candidate for the up coming presidential election, the trinamool chief told reporters that it was a good decision by the then vajpayee government to make apj abdul kalam a consensus candidate, but she didn't find it fit to take up the issue with the government now.
it is for the prime minister to decide, she said while replying to questions.
asked about violence against workers of opposition parties in bengal, the cm said, there is no violence in bengal, it is only political and it is propagated by cpm-led left parties and now also by bjp as the two are vying for the second and third positions in the state.
this story is from february 3, 2019pm narendra modi at the thakurnagar rally on saturdaythe barricades to the left of the stage started giving way when many of the rallyists climbed the poles and cross-barricadesdownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
thakurnagar/durgapur/falakata: prime minister narendra modi on saturday kicked off the bjps home-stretch campaign in bengal with a rally in thakurnagar, 70 km north of kolkata, after offering prayers at the temple of harichand thakur (the matua sects leader in undivided bengal) and meeting matua matriarch barama binapani devi.
the wooing of the matuas  who number about 74 lakh in bengal and make up a substantial part of bengals 1.
8-crore scheduled caste population  before the rally tied up with one of the main thrusts of the pms 17-minute speech, which focused on the proposed citizenship law.
the matuas can influence results in at least five lok sabha constituencies spread over three districts (nadia, north 24 parganas and south 24 parganas) and one of the matua mahasanghas key demands has been post-partition citizenship rights for every community member.
modis strong pitch for the proposed citizenship law for persecuted minorities who come to india from neighbouring countries would have a lot of resonance in the stronghold of the matua community, most of whom have come from the erstwhile east pakistan since the 1950s.
bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee , too, has courted this community assiduously.
one of baramas daughters-in-law, mamatabanerjee thakur, is the trinamool mp from bongaon in north 24 parganas.
another one of baramas sons, manjul krishna thakur, has been a minister in banerjees cabinet.
but manjul krishnas sons are now firmly with the bjp, with the youngest (santanu thakur) being one of the main organisers of modis saturday rally.
modis helicopter landed at a helipad near thakurnagar shortly after noon.
prayers harichand thakurs temple were followed by a visit to barama binapani devis residence at thakurbari, where the pm sought her blessings as the matriarch  who celebrated her 100th birthday last year in cm banerjees presence  sat on her couch.
modi then went to the rally ground, where he started his speech in bengali.
thakurnagar has been witness to social movements to see people as equals.
i am honoured to have come in touch with barama, he told the crowd.
he soon switched to the issue of post-partition violence on minorities in indias neighbouring countries: hindus, sikhs, jains and parsis were forced to leave their homeland in pakistan, afghanistan and bangladesh following communal tension.
these people should get their rightful place in india.
i would urge the trinamool congress to support the citizenship (amendment) bill.
people belonging to hindu, sikh, parsi and jain communities fled from pakistan, afghanistan and bangladesh.
should not they be given citizenship here?
that is why we have brought in the citizenship amendment bill in parliament and i want to ask the trinamool congress to support it so that it can be passed easily and people can get their rights, modi said.
the bill, he said, would bring justice and respectability to those who faced religious persecution.
he is the first pm to have visited barama.
it is a day of pride for us and the community is rejoicing, santanu, sanghadhipati of the all-india matua mahasangha and a third-generation member of the thakur family, said.
union home minister rajnath singh, who addressed another bjp rally in falakata in north bengals alipurduar district, took up the related allied issue of cross-border infiltration.
india would use the comprehensive integrated management system on the lines of israel to seal the indo-bangladesh border in bengal and assam .
we sought land to put up a fence along the border.
but bengals role has been negative.
so we will use technology.
we aim to finish infiltration and the cross-border crimes, singh said.
modi also took a swipe at the oppositions january united india rally in kolkata under bengal cm banerjees stewardship.
those who assembled in kolkata had a frightened look on their faces because of this chowkidar.
those at each others throats four years ago are now embracing each other, modi said.
the pm addressed another rally in durgapur, 170 km northwest of india, where he said trinamool congress leaders were afraid of cbi probes into scams.
arre didi, why are you afraid if you have not done any wrong?
when i was in gujarat (as cm), they (the cbi) interrogated me for hours.
the upa government in new delhi made the cbi do whatever it wanted.
but i never thought of throwing the cbi out of the state, modi said, accusing the trinamool of being a triple t party focusing solely on trinamool tolabaji tax.
santiniketan: visva-bharati acting vice-chancellor sabujkali sen said on thursday that from next year, the university will hold convocations annually.
this years convocation, scheduled on friday, is happening after a gap of five years.
it will also be 10 years since the prime minister, who holds the chair of chancellor, will be present to award degrees.
these gaps wont be there anymore, the acting vc said.
manmohan singh was the last pm to have attented the convocation, in 2008.
ours is the only central university that has the pm as its acharya(chancellor).
the others have the president as the acharya.
in a recent communique to central universities, the president had said that it is mandatory for all to hold annual convocations.
we will try to follow that from now on, sen said.
this time, chief minister mamatabanerjee will share the convocation dais with pm narendra modi and bangladesh pm sheikh hasina.
siddhartha shankar ray was the last cm to attend the vb convocation.
in the past, mamatabanerjee had attended the convocation as mp, when rajiv gandhi was prime minister.
all vvip dignitaries will participate in the convocation procession and walk about 50m before climbing on to the dais.
while all other traditions of the convocation, such as songs from the vedas and upanishads, and ashram sangeet, will be performed, the ritual of awarding the symbolic chhatim leaf (saptaparni) to every successful student will not happen this time.
the pm will, however, award a chhatim leaf to the vc to commemorate the occasion and as a symbolic gesture.
after the one-and-a-half-hour convocation that will start at 10.
30am, modi, hasina, mamatabanerjee and governor keshari nath tripathi will go to inaugurate the bangladesh bhavana.
this complex has been set up with funds from the bangladeshi government, and will be inaugurated by hasina.
just like we have the cheena bhavana for chinese studies and nippon bhavana for japanese studies, we will now have the bangladesh bhavana, which will enhance the cultural and educational ties between the two countries, sen said.
ministers of foreign affairs, culture and education will be present at the inauguration.
a special publication, bangladesh, thakurbangsha o rabindranath, will be released on the occasion.
this charts the dates of tagores bangladesh visits, when he was taking care of his familys zamindari.
kolkata: the quest kodiak seaplane that prime minister modi flew from sabarmati river in amhedabad to dharoi dam in north gujarat to cap off the gujarat election campaign could be the vehicle on which chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjees dream of reviving andal, cooch behar and balurghat airports rests.
spicejet is close to finalizing a deal to purchase 100 quest kodiak aircraft to fly to such airports and to places that dont even have an airport.
two and a half months before modi took the flight, japanese company setouchi holdings inc that owns quest kodiak held land trials with a quest kodiak over durgapur in early october and stopped overnight at kazi nazrul islam airport.
the single-engine, 11-seater plane flew in from nagpur and landed at andal on october 2 and took off for guwahati the next day.
though modis flight has sparked a debate on whether it violated the special protection group guidelines requiring vips to travel only in twin-engine aircraft, it has given the japanese aircraft company a big fillip as it couldnt have asked for a more high profile demonstration flight.
the technical stop at andal was part of the land plane demonstrations.
setouchi holdings inc executive md go okazaki had said the firm would go in for seaplane demonstration to bag the $400 million 100 plane deal with spicejet.
spicejet chairman ajay singh had said with the ability to land in a small or confined space, smaller fixed wing aircraft are perfect flying machines that can effectively connect the countrys remote cities and airstrips.
while andal has a full-fledged runway where narrow bodied jet aircraft like boeing b 737-800 or airbus a319 and a320 can operate, cooch behar has a shorter airstrip that can be used by small aircraft like quest kodiak.
balurghat, too, has problems in handling larger aircraft but can become operational with the 11-seater plane.
amphibious planes have the ability to take off and land from places that do not have landing strips and where no runway exists thus reaching areas where there is no other mode of transport.
these smaller fixed wing aircraft can land on water bodies, gravel and grass.
doctors' protest at nrs medical college and hospital in kolkata.
(toi photo by amit moulick)new delhi: the stir by junior doctors protesting assault on two of their colleagues at a hospital in kolkata assumed nationwide proportions friday with government doctors from various states expressing solidarity and resorting to agitations.
the protests began after a patient's relatives assaulted the doctors at nrs medical college and hospital in kolkata on sunday night.
the doctors have demanded chief minister mamatabanerjee 's unconditional apology and set six conditions for the state government to withdraw their four-day-long stir that disrupted healthcare services across west bengal among other things, they are are pressing for more stringent laws to protect them from such assaults.
the indian medical association (ima) launched a three-day nationwide protest from friday to express solidarity with the doctors and called for a strike on june 17 with withdrawal of non-essential health services.
in delhi, scores of doctors at several government and private hospitals held demonstrations by boycotting work, marching and raising slogans.
they also met union health minister harsh vardhan and apprised him of the medical fraternity's demand of ensuring safety and security of doctors in face of any violence in hospital premises.
in a letter to mamatabanerjee , the union minister has urged her to ensure an amicable end to the protests and provide a secure working environment for doctors.
around 4,500 resident doctors in maharashtra, including some 2,800 in mumbai, went on a one-day strike.
the maharashtra association of resident doctors (mard) had declared that junior doctors at government hospitals in the state will not perform surgeries or attend to out-patient departments (opds) between 8 am and 5 pm friday.
in hyderabad and other places in telangana, junior doctors staged protests against the assault at major state-run hospitals, including gandhi hospital and osamania general hospital in the city, p s vijayender, a leader of the junior doctors association in telangana, said.
in jaipur, doctors at the sms government hospital wore black bands and helmets to express solidarity with their protesting colleagues in west bengal.
doctors from other districts of rajasthan also took part in the token protest, according to a report.
in raipur, around 400 junior doctors of dr b r ambedkar memorial hospital, raipur - the biggest government hospital in the state - staged a protest from 8 am to 2 pm in premises of the medical facility.
the services at the state-run goa medical college and hospital (gmch) at panaji and its facilities across the state were partially affected friday as several doctors went on a one-day strike.
in chandigarh, over 1,200 resident doctors at the postgraduate institute of medical education and research (pgimer) held a demonstration to express solidarity with their protesting counterparts in kolkata.
in coimbatore, over 100 doctors staged a dharna in front of the government hospital to protest against the assault of a junior doctor in kolkata.
the doctors, including women, belonging to the local chapter of indian medical association (ima) and tamil nadu government doctors association raised slogans.
the state tourism department said that chief minister mamatabanerjee had herself taken a lot of interest in p.
.
.
read moredownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
kolkata : if things go according to plans, your favourite durga puja will soon get a world heritage status from unesco.
the state government has prepared a dossier to pitch for the status and will introduce it to unesco officials as they visit the city for two days from thursday.
while durga puja will vie for the intangible heritage crown, the state government will also pitch for the world heritage tag for bishnupur in bankura  the cradle of bengals terracotta temples.
a team from unesco will be in the city to meet state representatives from across the country and also that of all south asian countries and seek preliminary applications from them about tangible and intangible heritage of their respective states and countries.
the granting of heritage status for ahmedabad city is a case in point.
the unesco visit is being partnered by the state tourism department.
the unesco team will advise the state representatives about how to pitch the applications properly, because inappropriate applications in the past have often weakened their cases.
it would be interesting to note that earlier the state government had pitched for dalhousie square, bishnupur and shantiniketan for the world heritage tag, which is still eluding us.
officials in the state tourism department said that chief minister mamatabanerjee had herself taken a lot of interest in pitching for an intangible heritage status for durga puja .
enthused by the excitement that the durga puja procession on red road had elicited in the last two years, which was her own brainchild, the cm had asked the tourism department to pitch for the crown for the festival.
we are preparing a dossier on durga puja explaining its history, its myriad traditions and socio-economic importance that has transcended all boundaries said state tourism secretary, atri bhattacharya.
we are also preparing the papers for the terracotta temple dotted bishnupur and hope that we are able to make it this time, bhattacharya added.
the west bengal heritage commission will also be part of the official representation that will meet the unesco officials that day.
heritage conservationist, partha ranjan das, who will represent the commission that day said that he will refresh the demand for dalhousie and a slice of north kolkata for the world heritage tag, when asked to make his submission.
it will be relatively easier to present the case for dalhousie because of the nature of buildings, but we must try to push for north kolkata too, especially from college street to sovabazar rajbari because that region has distinct architectural features typical to the citys heritage.
the tag will also help to push for stringent laws on heritage preservation, das added.
this story is from november 28, 2018firhad hakim (file photo)download the times of india news app for latest citykolkata: the last-moment nod from raj bhavan to the kolkata municipal corporation (amendment) bill saved the day for trinamool congress, clearing the decks for urban development minister firhad hakim to file his nomination for the mayors post on wednesday.
the bill was passed by the state assembly last week and the governors assent to it was necessary to pave way for an outsider to contest for the kolkata mayors post.
trinamool seniors had been holding their breath all through the day on tuesday before state advocate general kishore dutta called on governor keshari nath tripathi in the evening and finally got his go-ahead after a scrutiny of the bill for an hour.
the amendment to the kmc act, 1980, was crucial for firhads nomination, because section 6 of the act provides that the elected members of the corporation shall elect from among themselves the mayor and the deputy mayor.
under the prevailing act, no person other than an elected councillor is eligible to contest as mayor and deputy mayor.
the amendment bill allows a person from outside to become the mayor.
he, however, has to get elected within six months from the date of his appointment as mayor.
the opposition said the amendment goes against the constitutional provisions.
former urban development minister asoke bhattacharya cited article 243 r(1) to argue that the constitution provides that all members of kmc have to be elected.
this story is from december 15, 2018west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee (file photo)today is international tea day.
in #bangla, we have allocated more than rs 1000 crore for the welfare of tea garden https://t.
co/zbhxbcsqfm  mamatabanerjee (@mamataofficial) 1544838130000download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
banerjee, in a twitter post on international tea day, said her government has also been providing 35 kg of rice at rs 2 per kg to the tea garden workers.
today is international tea day.
in #bangla, we have allocated more than rs 1,000 crore for the welfare of tea garden workers since 2011.
we give 35 kg rice at rs 2 per kg, electricity, and water supply for free to tea gardens, she tweeted.
the state government is considering the prospects of tea tourism as well, the cm added.
the international tea day is observed since 2005 in tea-producing nations, including india, bangladesh , sri lanka, nepal, vietnam and indonesia , among others.
this story is from january 3, 2019download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
kolkata: commute in the city is set to be put on the fast lane with the inauguration of a number of flyovers and elevated corridors this year.
working on chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjees vision of upgrading the citys transport system with better connectivity, kmda officials said the flyoversproposed and those almost readywould help ease congestions and cut down on travel time considerbaly.
one of the most-awaited project is the ramp connecting the maa flyover with theajc bose road flyover, which is scheduled to be ready by the end of this month and is likely to be thrown open to the public by march.
the 1.
1-km-long ramp, which will branch off from maa flyover near the topia police station and run over the congress exhibition road and nasiruddin road, will offer a 9-km uninterrupted drive from the em bypass through the ajc bose road flyover to the racecourse.
now, west-bound vehicles taking the maa flyover on em bypass have to get down at the park circus seven-point crossing and travel a few metres before they can access the ajc bose road flyover.
officials in the urban development department, which is monitoring the project, said police would carry out trial runs for traffic management once the ramp was ready before finalising a traffic circulation plan.
once the ramp is ready, eastbound vehicles, heading for the bypass, can through the day take the maa flyover from park circus seven-point crossing, a link that stays opens only from 10pm till 9am now.
the other elevated corridor that the city is waiting for is the 6.
8-km-long jinjirabazar flyover, kolkatas second longest flyover after maa, which is likely to be inaugurated by march.
kolkata metropolitan development authority (kmda) officials said the elevated corridor would offer an uninterrupted drive from taratala road to budge budge, without having to get caught in the congestions on the road below.
apart from these two projects, which are set to make commute easier and faster for kolkatans, a few more possibilities are also being explored.
the kmda is currently working on the feasibility study and preparing a detailed project reports on two proposed flyovers, one at the ruby crossing on em bypass and another from ultadanga to girish park and also on a ramp from the maa flyover that will be built over syed amir ali avenue and ballygunge phari.
if the proposed flyover from ultadanga to girish park materialised and the vivekananda road flyover was rebuilt and joined with it, it would be a swift link between howrah-burrabazar side and ultadanga, majorly reducing travel time.
going by the proposal, an arm is also supposed to branch off from kankurgachi to bengal chemicals off em bypass, which would be a two-way ramp to travel to and from howrah.
the kmda also plans to start work on two flyover projects, one from dhakuria to the jadavpur sulekha crossing and another at sector v, over college more.
the authorities floated tenders for both last year.
a protester at bhatpara, north 24 parganas, on fridaydownload the times of india news app for latest citykankinara: trouble-torn kankinara remained on the boil throughout friday  a day after two persons were killed  after residents chased cops and engaged in a pitched battle as they carried bodies of the dead to their homes.
there was heavy bombing in the area all through thursday night despite the prohibition on movement of vehicles and internet use in the area.
governor keshari nath tripathi on friday once again appealed for peace.
not only in bhatpara, but in the entire state there is a need to keep peace, the governor said after chief minister mamatabanerjee gave a 72-hour deadline to cops on thursday to ensure normality returns to bhatpara.
angry residents and bjp supporters shouted slogans against police as they carried the dead to their homes on friday.
heavy brick-batting ensued, prompting policemen to beat a retreat.
police had to burst tear gas shells to disperse the crowd.
sensing trouble, mp arjun singh and his son and bhatpara mla pawan asked the crowd to calm down.
as the rally went past west ghosh para road, police kept a distance while keeping a vigilant eye.
tension was brewing since morning as reports of the late-night bombing poured in from nayabazar, kachhari road and rustam gali  near the epicentre of thursdays clashes.
locals complained that miscreants had a free run throughout the night despite the prohibitory orders at bhatpara, kankinara and jagaddal.
a dud socket bomb was found near kankinara bazar.
police responded by tightening security at kachhari road but could do little to quell the tension.
people weari-ng black badges on sleeves took to the roads shouting insaaf chahiye.
they returned even after cops pushed them away into the lanes.
on friday morning, bjp workers scuffled with police in front of the barrackpore police commissionerate barrackpore mp arjun singh, who flew down to kolkata on thursday night, submitted a petition demanding a fair probe into the killings.
i have cctv footage of cops opening fire on people.
i will submit them in court, singh said.
he had also announced compensation of rs 10 lakh to each of the victims families.
by afternoon, cops had arrested as many as 14 people in connection with thursdays clashes.
bjp is sending a three-member delegation, including mps s s ahluwalia, satya pal singh and v d ram, to the trouble spot.
the delegation, which is scheduled to reach bhatpara on saturday afternoon, will submit a report to party president amit shah .
in kolkata, bjp took out a rally from murlidhar sen lane to protest the killings.
bjp leader rahul sinha demanded a cbi inquiry into the deaths.
internet services were suspended from kalyani to belgharia to stop rumours and misinformation since thursday evening following an order from north 24 parganas district magistrate chaitali chakrabarti.
this led to a virtual closure of activities at shops and malls that depend on centrally connected servers.
locals had to move out to avail internet and get essential work done.
kolkata: chief minister mamatabanerjee has planned to set up a state highway authority along the lines of the national highway authority of india (nhai) to improve roads in the state.
the cm admitted that the roads that are not under the control of nhai are in terrible shape and that she wants to improve connectivity in rural bengal.
so she discussed the need for setting up this agency with the dms, sps and some ministers at a meeting at town hall on friday.
she alleged that the previous left front government did not even pay the dues to the contractors which the present government now has to cough up.
as the previous government did not spend on roads, they are in terrible shape, the cm said.
the state highway authority will construct roads on a public-private-partnership basis.
several states already have their own road development corporations.
the pwd maintains the state highways in bengal but often due to funds crunch, road repair is affected.
once there is a separate agency for road development and maintenance, there will be funds for it and thus, road repairs can be done in a better way, said an official.
bihar and tamil nadu has already road development corporations for setting up infrastructure in the states.
already the pwd secretary ajit ranjan bardhan has slready been to patna to learn about the functioning of the bihar agency.
the highway authority will also be responsible for lighting up roads and improve infrastructure.
thus it will be help to improve infrastructure in rural bengal and thus road links will improve and it will help in setting up industries in remote areas by developing connectivity.
it will work on approach roads, build sheds and temporary dwellings in case of calamity.
the agency will also organise funds for similar projects and it will also liaise with banks, mutual funds, individuals for financial resources.
this agency is also expected to commercially develop land along with building roads and bridges.
kolkata: chief minister mamatabanerjee on friday evening inaugurated the kolkata christmas festival by switching on the lights on the christmas tree outside allen park.
the lights flickered to life accompanied by a loud cheer from revellers who had already alighted on park street to ring in the yuletide spirit.
even before the official start of the festival, people had taken up the better part of park street.
cops worked overtime to keep the selfie-crazy groups of boys and girls on the pavement.
the pubs and eateries already had people waiting in queues.
banerjee shared the message of unity and humanity, saying: jesus christ is synonymous with humanity.
perhaps this is why we also call christmas baradin.
people from all walks of life, irrespective of faith and belief, celebrate this festival.
the message of christmas is to include everybody.
our government started the christmas festival because we want everybody to come here and experience joy.
we celebrate all festivals.
i have been attending the midnight mass every year along with all my officials, the chief minister said.
archbishop of kolkata most reverend thomas d souza said: let us take a pledge to protect all people irrespective of their caste and creed.
all of us are children of one god.
we are one family.
let us all come together and celebrate the festival of joy, prayers and peace.
we thank chief minister mamatabanerjee for making the christmas festival possible.
on december 23, there will be a pageant by school children, in which close to 50 schools will participate.
this will be followed by singing of carols.
there will also be a choir.
the festival will take a break on december 24 and 25.
when it resumes on december 27, there will be several events including baul songs, concerts and pageants.
the festival and visit to park street has become a permanent fixture for us during this time of the year.
from digging into cakes to meeting up with friends over some hot coffee and clicking pictures, there is something for everybody, said joyneel ghosh , who was at park street with his friends.
this story is from january 30, 2019download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
kolkata: around 90 acres of land, comprising 18 plots, is set to be allotted in bengal silicon valley after the state cabinet decided to relocate all it, ites and telecom firms, operating out of or having land in bantala, to the new town it hub.
the housing infrastructure development corporation (hidco) has floated expression of interest (eoi) for the second phase of land allotment at bengal silicon valley.
with two campuses and more than 7,000 employees working there, cognizant has the biggest operational facilities at bantala at present.
apart from cognizant, hcl has a small-scale operational unit there.
besides, a few other it companies have land at bantala but they have not developed any operational facility.
according to the list, of the 18 plots to be allotted, one has the highest cover area of 25 acres, while that of the rest ranges from one acre to 6.
5 acres, adding up a total size of 89.
489 acres.
the plots, located in action area ii e, would be give out on a 99-year, lease-hold basis.
like the first phase, the special promotional price for it companies will be rs 4.
7 crore per acre as a one-time lease premium.
this would be valid for three years and will be reviewed by the state thereafter.
according to the cabinet decision, any it or telecom company, which has land at bantala and wants to come within the state land value adjustment and exchange of land property scheme to shift its facilities to new town, can apply to the eoi to get a plot at bengal silicon valley.
hidco last year allotted about 74 acres for the first phase, when firms, such as reliance jio, tcs, capgemini and firstsource applied.
initially, 100 acres were earmarked for bengal silicon valley it hub that was unveiled by chief minister mamatabanerjee last year.
later, another 100 acres were added, following instructions from mamatabanerjee , given the demands.
hyderabad: a day after telangana chief minister k chandrasekhar rao positioned himself nationally, coining a new concept of 'people's third front' against bjp and congress , he claimed support was pouring in from across the political spectrum.
speaking at a public meeting at his camp office in hyderabad, kcr said he received calls from west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee , former jharkhand chief minister hemant soren, six mps from maharashtra and jana sena chief pawan kalyan, seeking an alternative front against congress and bjp.
telugu desam party, which had threatened to pull out of nda over poor budgetary grants to andhra pradesh, couched its support to its telugu counterpart in telangana, by saying states are at a disadvantage in the current dispensation.
tdp spokesperson rajendra prasad said the party is keeping an eye on the development.
we agree with kcr on this issue.
andhra pradesh is bearing the brunt of the crisis.
on saturday, trs president kcr reiterated his decision to enter national politics with a clear mind and notwithemotion.
when i launched the telangana movement, people had doubts about its result.
but finally, our commitment paidoff, hesaid.
the cm declared he would play a key role in national politics to usher change.
he also said he would meet various party leaders and was ready to lead thethird front.
addressing party workers on sunday, kcr said, west bengal cm mamatabanerjee called me this afternoon and conveyed support.
she agreed with me that there was a necessity for qualitative change in countrys politics.
mamata said shewillwork with me.
soren also expressed solidarity with kcr and welcomed his decision to play a key role in national politics.
also, six mps from maharashtra, several intellectualsexpressedsupport to thechief minister.
trs leaders and people from across state gathered at his residence on sunday.
priests, representatives from brahmin community, clerics, representatives of muslim organizations, christian and sikh representatives thronged thecmotoexpresssolidarity.
new delhi: in a huge setback for the national democratic alliance (nda), the telugu desam party (tdp) today formally decided to walk out of the coalition.
the decision comes after jaganmohan reddy-led ysr congress party moved a no-confidence motion in lok sabha against the bjp-led nda government over the issue of special status to andhra pradesh (ap).
here's how prominent leaders reacted to the pull-out:* bjp means 'break janta promise'.
we will be moving a no-confidence motion against the narendra modi government in lok sabha on monday, said tdp leaders cm ramesh, thota narsimhan and ravindra babu in a media address.
* bjp has started to play its dirty games.
what they did in tamil nadu, where they encouraged smaller parties and created a rift within larger parties, now, they are trying to do similar things in ap, said tdp mp jaydev galla.
* bjp has cheated telugu people before, this time also they have succeeded in doing so, said ks jawahar, ap excise minister.
* i welcome the tdp's decision to leave the nda.
the current situation warrants such action to save the country from disaster.
we tried our best to be together but the present government ignored the sentiments & emotions of people of ap, emergency politburo was conducted in which the tdp president n chandrababu naidu took decision to withdraw from the nda, said ys chowdary, tdp mp in rajya sabha.
* cpi(m) supports no-confidence motion being brought against the bjp government.
its betrayal of the promise of special status for ap is inexcusable.
its all-round failure and evasion of parliamentary accountability needs to be highlighted, said cpi(m) leader sitaram yechury.
* my party will support the no confidence motion in lok sabha today.
modi government not only failed to implement state reorganisation act but it also failed to fulfill the promise of providing employment to youth.
the party is also responsible for injustice to muslims, said president of aimim asaduddin owaisi.
* tdp's decision to quit was inevitable after its mischievous propaganda against the centre as they are seeing a defeat for themselves in 2019 & they want to use this as an alibi to really retrieve lost political ground.
.
people of ap have now realized that the tdp is resorting to lies to cover up its inept & inert governance.
questions are being asked in ap as to why ap cm took 4 yrs to realize that this is not working.
far from being a threat, the tdp's exit is a timely opportunity for the bjp to grow in ap.
for us it will prove to be the next tripura, said gvl narasimha rao, bjp's national spokesperson.
*  we have been supporting special category status for ap since the beginning.
we want that people of ap to get justice, said mallikarjun kharge, leader of the congress party in lok sabha.
* our party will support no-confidence motion against the centre by the tdp & ysr congress party, said ap congress committee president n raghuveera reddy.
* will see what happens in parliament, which party chooses to go which way.
in a way it is election year & every state has demands & issues, it is not right for us to comment on it.
it is a custom, before actual elections, there is always a rehearsal in parliament, said union minister mukhtar abbas naqvi * aiadmk will support no-confidence motion if center fails to constitute cauvery management board, said former aiadmk mp kc palanisamy.
this story is from february 4, 2019delhi: rishi kumar shukla takes charge as the director of central bureau of investigation (cbi).
https://t.
co/9cm1gqk2ke  ani (@ani) 1549256397000make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
new delhi: newly-appointed cbi chief rishi kumar shukla took charge of the probe agency monday, officials said monday.
shukla, a 1983-batch ips officer, took charge at a time when the agency is busy in a dirty battle of turf war with the kolkata police which has spiralled into a political slugfest between the centre and west bengal government.
rk shukla, ips, took over charge as director of the cbi this morning, cbi spokesperson nitin wakankar said.
the arrival of 58-year old shukla, a former dgp of madhya pradesh and an intelligence bureau veteran, as a full- fledged director is likely to bring some sort of order in the agency that has moved the supreme court to challenge the action of west bengal government in ponzi scam cases.
a perplexed interim cbi chief m nageswara rao was seen scrambling resources to counter the state police's action which not only detained a cbi team which went to question kolkata police commissioner rajeev kumar, but also cordoned off the agency's office at cgo complex in salt lake city.
chief minister mamatabanerjee had started a dharna on sunday evening protesting against the alleged highhandedness of the centre and insults meted out to her by prime minister narendra modi and bjp chief amit shah.
banerjee's reaction was triggered when a team of cbi officials arrived unannounced at the doors of the kolkata police chief to question him in connection with saradha and rose valley scams.
the investigations in these cases have been sped up in the run up to general elections with the agency recently questioning a close aide of mamatabanerjee at his residence.
the team was stopped by west bengal police personnel and they were bundled into a police vehicle and taken to a police station.
the west bengal police took the action as the agency officials failed to produce any warrant, state police officials said.
this story is from november 15, 2018representative imagedownload the times of india news app for latest citykolkata: the prison to prison migration of jail inmates from alipore to baruipur , which began on wednesday with the shifting of the first batch of inmates, marks the beginning of a great shift that can transform the skyline of posh alipore.
the unlocking of around 120 acres of the prison complex, bigger than 21 football fields, in the heart of the city will make way for housing projects in a neighbourhood where apartments sell for rs 12,000-15,000 per sq feet.
the proposal is part of the green city-clean city project that can make room for apartments with all modern facilities.
the city will look better once the project in place with accommodation facilities for many, the cm added.
mamata has already asked the state urban development department to prepare a project blueprint.
residents here will get a bonus as hospitality and healthcare facilities have already applied for land in the area, which has a state-of-the-art convention centre soujanya, along with an open air theatre uttirna.
a 2,000 seater auditorium dhana dhanya is coming up in the neighbourhood.
the national library and alipore horticulture garden are two landmarks of the area.
the proposal has come as a windfall for real estate developers.
the unlocking of the idle asset will also fetch big revenue for the government as land price in this locality is over rs 1 crore a cottah.
the cm during inauguration of the soujanya convention centre a fortnight ago had told the audience that she has start 4ed identifying idle assets in the city and will draw up a plan for the city's beautification.
nandu belani, president of the bengal chapter of confederation of real estate developers association of india (credai), welcomed the development.
the idea to have a real estate project cashing in on an idle asset is a sound move, belani said.
however, he and other realtors were unwilling to comment on the proposal to shift alipore zoo as the area was a green zone and attempts to develop it would court unnecessary controversy.
the cm announced the proposal soon after the first lot of 50 convicts from alipore central correctional home entered baruipur central correctional home on wednesday.
the convicts, some of whom have spent upto 35 years at alipore jail , were brought to their new home at baruipur.
among the 50 are md.
nasib alais naso who has been serving a life term for the last 35 years for the 1984 murder of dc port of kolkata police.
another lifer, siddique sardar of bhangor, has so far served 16 years at alipore for getting his wife murdered by a hired killer after he suspected her of having an extra-marital affair.
sardar wrote his m.a. exam from jail in 2010 and passed.
bird-lover sankar jaswara, also a lifer, has served 21 years at alipore jail for murder.
seven months ago, jaswara rescued an injured bird after a storm from within the alipore jail yard.
he was released on parole soon after and took the bird to a veterinary doctor for treatment.
the cm inaugurated the new jail by pressing a button from her office at nabanna.
the convicts apart, assembly speaker biman mamatabanerjee , state jails minister ujjal biswas and director-general (jails) arun gupta were present at baruipur.
more convicts will be brought to the baruipur jail from alipore in phases, said gupta.
the inauguration was followed by a cultural function at which some convicts also performed.
the inauguration marks the opening of the first phase of the baruipur jail project.
work on the second phase will hopefullybe completed by march-end, added gupta.
while the first project's first phase was built at a cost of rs 70 crores, the second phase is coming up with an allocation of rs 98 crores.
the new jail has a hygienic kitchen and toilets.
the kitchen is equipped with modern machines like large cookers for rice and rotis.
explaining the facilities, a jail official said, the new jail will also have an upgraded security arrangement.
for instance, the boundary wall of the jail is 25 feet high compared to alipore jail's 20 feet boundary.
moreover, there is another 15 feet wall around this wall, acting as a second security ring with several watchtowers all around to prevent prisoners from escaping.
there are many more cctv cameras to keep an eye on prisoners.
kolkata: the gunshot death of the kin of an independent candidate in the troubled zone of bhangar on friday, barely 24 hours after the calcutta high court compensation- for violence writ on officials, prompted a damage-control exercise led by chief minister mamatabanerjee herself.
hafijul molla, kin of one of the independents who have mounted a surprising challenge to tmc in bhangar, was shot in the head by tmc supporters and died on the way to a nearby health centre.
banerjee, in an interview to a bengali tv news channel a couple of hours after the incident, mentioned trinamool's most prominent face in bhangar - arabul islam - by name.
i came to know arabul islam did something in bhangar.
i have asked police to arrest the culprits, she said.
the rest of the state administration, too, scurried to maximise forces.
in one district, purulia, it meant calling back even home guards and constables deployed as personal security for ministers, district and sessions judges, political leaders and industrialists.
even civic volunteers have been trained to aid cops.
west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee alleged on friday that there is a threat to her life and police is enquiring into it.
she even said that the suspects had done a recee at her kalighat home and a supari (contract) has been paid for it.
while stressing she doesn't fear for her life, the cm also indicated she has already handpicked successors to fill in her absence in the party and the administration.
in an interview to a private tv channel, she said, i have been repeatedly told by police to change my home.
i do not fear death.
i have been targeted several times.
i have never disclosed this either to my party or to my family either.
jj hospital in mumbaidownload the times of india news app for latest citymumbai: more than 40 ,000 doctors in maharashtra are boycotting work on monday as part of a strike call given by their apex body ima in support of their agitating colleagues in west bengal, an official said.
doctors, from various government and private hospitals in the state, are mainly boycotting the opd (out-patient department) and other non-essential health services, he said.
the indian medical association (ima) earlier gave the strike call for monday, with withdrawal of non-essential health services across the country in the wake of the recent assault on doctors in west bengal.
over 40,000 doctors and other medical practitioners in maharashtra have decided to support their colleagues in west bengal who are protesting against their chief minister mamatabanerjee , an ima official here said.
however, the emergency services will not be affected and those already hospitalised will continue to get all the necessary medication and attention, he said.
the opd services have been suspended at various hospitals in support of the strike call, ima maharashtra's honorary secretary dr suhas pingale told pti.
junior doctors in west bengal are on strike since june 11 after two of their colleagues were attacked and seriously injured allegedly by relatives of a patient who died at the nrs medical college and hospital in kolkata.
in a show of solidarity, medical practitioners across the country have decided not to work, leaving patients in the lurch.
the ima has demanded a comprehensive central law in dealing with violence on doctors and health care staff.
security measures and the determinants leading to violence should also be addressed, it said earlier in a statement.
exemplary punishment for perpetrators of violence should be a component of the central law and suitable amendments be brought in the indian penal code (ipc) and code of criminal procedure (crpc), the ima said.
the medical body launched a four-day nationwide protest from friday and wrote to union home minister amit shah, demanding enactment of the central law to check violence against health care workers.
this story is from february 14, 2019the crowds arrived at jantar mantar in buses and held placards saying the centre was fascistdownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
new delhi: the remove dictatorship, save democracy rally organised by aam aadmi party at jantar mantar on wednesday not only saw members of various opposition parties but also a large number of women turning up to listen to solution to their problems provided by the leaders on the podium.
to make the rally a success, aap had mobilised its frontal organisations and supporters from various assembly constituencies.
the crowds arrived in buses at the venue and held placards with slogans saying the central government was fascist and it should be overthrown through the democratic process.
i left my grocery shop in the hands of my wife to come here, said mukesh gupta, an aap supporter from wazirpur, who remained attentive to the speeches of the leaders throughout the rally.
for rehana ansari, an aap worker from seelampur, jantar mantar reminded her of the 2011 anti-corruption movement that she claimed went on to oust the upa government from the centre.
she got nostalgic with the loudspeakers, the placards and the enthusiasm of supporters.
the large led screens showing images of leaders from different parties, including congress, made many in the audience feel that together the opposition parties would pose a stiff challenge to bjp.
if the opposition parties contest together in states where they are strong, they will be a huge challenge to bjp, said mohan singh from badarpur.
others, however, were sceptical that the opposition parties would remain united till the lok sabha elections.
though many in the audience found the speeches of some leaders boring and dull, the crowd got dozes of enthusiasm when well-known faces arrived at the venue.
dozens in the audience donning aap caps got enthusiastic when west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee arrived on stage.
later, some of them divulged that though they were wearing aap caps, they were not party workers.
around 350 people from kolkata have come to attend the rally.
we are tmc supporters, said dinbandhu seal from kolkata.
a couple of women who were leaving the rally early said that they had to do household chores and could not stay there any longer.
unable to get food, some left the venue to attend a small protest march by a muslim outfit that was offering biryani to its supporters.
h s sharma, another person at the rally, was seen walking with several placards hanging from his neck giving details of all the corruption cases the country has witnessed since independence.
i want to make the youth aware of the scams that have occurred in the past, he said.
kolkata: with 48 hours to go for the first trinamool congress rally since it came to power, the maidan got ready for yet another assault.
on tuesday, the maidan saw heaps of construction material being dumped on the grass.
workers took over with hundreds of bamboo poles and barricades being put up along with a giant three-tier stage that has been erected for trinamool congress' martyrs' day rally on july 21.
the scale of preparation indicated a grand show, something that the city hasn't seen for a long time.
while it has raised concerns about the maidan being polluted, trinamool leaders promised a green show.
due care, they maintained, had been taken to ensure minimum damage to the grass and to check littering.
the giant stage - bigger than anything that the maidan has seen in recent rallies - doesn't dig into the ground.
it rests on iron props instead, that are not entrenched in the grass.
bamboo poles have been used to reinforce the iron support, but they have been tied to the props to reduce damage to the grass.
numerous barricades have been erected to facilitate audience movement during the rally.
they have, however, been firmly dug into the grass.
about 35 poles, too, have been dug into the ground for the speakers and lights.
according to an estimate, the maidan could be left with more than 10,000 holes after thursday's rally.
collapsible gates, bamboo and plywood gates and a shed being put up at the rear of the stage could inflict further damage.
we are making sure that the holes aren't big and could be filled up easily.
since this is the monsoon, the damage to the grass won't be a major one and it would soon grow back.
the stage has been erected on iron props to make it stable and to lessen damage to the greens, said nirmal majhi, trinamool mla.
leaders subrata bakshi, mukul roy and tapas ray supervised the arrangements at the maidan along with majhi.
chief minister mamatabanerjee herself paid a visit to the venue to oversee the arrangements on tuesday.
while the speakers, including mamatabanerjee , will be on the top tier of the dais along with trinamool state and union ministers and mps, councillors and mlas will occupy the middle tier.
families of those killed in political violence, including the kin of july 21 martyrs, will occupy the lower tier.
the families of those slain at nandigram, singur, netai and sainbari will all be there, added majhi.
more than half a dozen giant screens are being put up to beam the images of the rally.
around 25 ambulances will be stationed at the maidan and in the adjoining areas for emergencies.
medical camps with doctors and nursing staff are being arranged as well.
singur: the statue of tapasi malik, who was allegedly raped and murdered by cpm men on december 18, 2006, was unveiled by trinamool congress leaders partha chatterjee, mukul roy, kalyan bandyopadhyay and rachpal singh at singur on sunday.
however, the absence of party chief mamatabanerjee left a large number of singur farmers disappointed.
they all came to hear from didi on the return of the farm land.
the cm, whose mother passed away on saturday, could not attend the programme.
the trinamool leaders asked the farmers to be patient.
we have won in the first round.
there are two more rounds - the division bench of the high court and the supreme court.
it's only matter of time nowabout some time before the transfer of lands to their rightful owners, said mp kalyan bandyopadhyay.
the statues of tapasi malik and another martyr raj kumar bhuin, were unveiled at the paddy field opposite to tapasi malik's house.
other leaders echoed him.
didi often asks me how long it might take to return farmers' land.
it is always in her mind.
she how fast we can fulfil the promiose we made to the farmers of singur, said union minister mukul roy.
partha chatterjee said, people of singur are brave.
they withstood the assault of the cpm, but never gave up their fight against illegal acquisition of land.
the farmers of singur - who have suffered a huge loss this year following a bumper crop and low price - were, however, disheartened.
we wanted to hear something positive about the return of the land which are now lying idle in the tata's aborted nano project site.
but none of the leaders could say anything specific.
we expected didi will tell us something.
but that did not happen, said ananda ghosh of ghoshpara, who had to part with seven bighas of land is lying in the project site.
nilima bag, another land-losers, was also disappointed.
i have to make ends meet by doing odd jobs.
i can't send my children to school anymore.
during the kali puja, we received rice from the trinamool.
now even get going has become very difficult.
we only hope that didi will do something for us.
only she knows our problems.
tapasi malik's father, monoranjan, said: had didi not come to singur, the farmers could never rise in protest.
i have no doubt that we will eventually win the battle.
the fact that the farmers of singur are not well is reflected in banks' assessment also.
farmers are not even conscious about the kishan credit card.
they could avail soft loans.
mamata mamatabanerjee (file photo)kolkata: west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on tuesday wrote to prime minister narendra modi to stall and reverse the process of corporatising ordnance factories in the interest of national security and the country's defence.
her missive comes in the backdrop of the centre's bid to corporatise all the ordnance factories of the country, including the ordnance factory board (ofb), which has its headquarters in kolkata.
the ofb with its 41 factories, nine training institutes across the country and about 1.
6 lakh officers and employees has often been called the fourth pillar of the indian defence apparatus which produces a vast range of arms and equipment for the armed forces, she wrote.
i am shocked and surprised to know that this vital pillar of the country's defence and this key industrial initiative for our land is now being contemplated to be subjected to a sudden exercise of degovernmentalisation, for which there has been not even an iota of stakeholders' consultations uptill now, she said.
describing the reported step as an extremely sensitive and urgent issue, mamatabanerjee also spoke of the importance of the ofb, which manufactures arms and ammunitions for the country's armed forces.
i have been receiving reports regarding a decision that the government of india has apparently been taking to corporatise all the ordance factories including the ordnance factory board, with its headquarters in kolkata.
its has also been suggested that this will finally lead to privatisation of these great national assets, mamatabanerjee wrote.
the west bengal government has not received any inkling of discourses that have led to such inexplicable initiatives by the government of india, mamatabanerjee wrote in her letter.
i would, therefore request you to kindly stall and reverse this process of corporatisation and privatisation in the greatest interest of the national security and defence of our country, she stated.
banerjee, a strong critic of the bjp, said the country's industrial policy has gradually been made more and more friendly to the private players in the market.
but there are some core and strategic areas where the state is yet to abdicate its paramount role.
i urge you to kindly keep that role of national custidianship unaffected in future too, she wrote.
various committees constituted by the ministry of defence (mod) have suggested the corporatisation of the ofb to enable it to function under its own board of directors.
employees of the ordnance factory at tiruchirapalli (oft) staged a protest against the centre's decision at trichy on monday.
this story is from november 8, 2018rahul gandhi alleged -            -    -   https://t.
co/loxm6kmmpt  rahul gandhi (@rahulgandhi) 1541675193000demonetisation was a big money laundering projectmake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
new delhi: union finance minister arun jaitley staunchly defended the demonetisation drive on thursday after several opposition leaders, including congress president rahul gandhi and former prime minister manmohan singh , made a scathing assessment of the move on its second anniversary.
hitting back at the opposition for criticising demonetisation, jaitley said the prophets of doom have been conclusively proved wrong with india retaining its position as the fastest growing economy for the fifth year in a row.
earlier today, former prime minister manmohan singh had said that scars and wounds caused by the ill-fated and ill-thought exercise are getting more visible with time.
the senior congress leader said that the second anniversary of note ban is a day to remember how economic misadventures could roil the nation.
later, congress presidentthat note ban was a planned brutal conspiracy and a shrewd scheme to convert the black money of prime minister narendra modi's suit-booted friends.
launching a counter-attack after singh's criticism, the bjp fired off 10 questions to the congress, asking why it finds merit in protesting every anti-corruption measure of the narendra modi government.
why does the congress find merit in protesting against every anti-corruption measure of the government of india?
what do they fear?
why is it that wherever black money is there, the congress is not far behind?
the bjp posted on twitter.
what sort of politics and anti-development mindset the congress has that opposes a bold move that has widened the tax base, it asked.
the ruling party further queried if the congress can name even one stringent measure aimed at eliminating corruption and black money it took during the upa government.
is the congress living in a state of denial that it cannot see the surge in gdp numbers, the 'ease of doing business rankings' and global competitiveness index?
why are they unhappy that india's economic prowess is being recognized world over?
the bjp asked.
apart from congress, several other opposition parties too targeted the government.
aam aadmi party (aap) convener and delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal questioned the rationale behind the modi government's note ban move and termed it as a self-inflicted deep wound on the indian economy.
west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee alleged that the demonetisation move was initiated for the benefit of a handful of people, saying the common men were the worst sufferers.
congress's spokesperson anand sharma, at a press conference, said thatthe dmk called the move a one-man made disaster for the country with the economy getting hit irreversibly.
responding to the critics, jaitley, in a facebook post, said that note ban has strengthened the economy and increased the government resources to fund poverty alleviation and infrastructure development programmes.
what has happened to 'prophets of doom' who said india's gdp will decline by at least 2 per cent.
for the fifth year running, india will be the fastest growing (large) economy in the world.
it is continuing to happen.
so prophets of doom have been proved wrong and conclusively proved wrong, he told reporters here.
earlier, jaitley in a facebook post said demonetisation has helped in formalising the economy, expanding tax base and earmarking more resources for the poor.
jaitley further said, even when there was global stress, we still manage to have respectable growth rates and we had the courage because of leadership of the prime minister.
.
.
we took decisive steps and these steps which are not economically correct have helped the system in the long run, and the long run in this case does not mean generations, he said.
the finance minister said that demonetisation has favourably impacted tax system, digitisation and formalisation of the india economy.
of course, there is a long distance we still have to cover and i am certain in the coming years the advantage of these movements in the right direction will strengthen the india economy, he said.
a host of union ministers including prakash javadekar, dharmendra pradhan and radha mohan singh hailed modi for demonetisation and attacked the opposition for criticising the move.
the modi government on november 8, 2016, demonetised high value currency notes of old 500 and 1000 rupees, constituting 86 per cent of the currency in circulation.
kolkata: left front members in the west bengal assembly on friday staged a walkout in protest against the remark of chief minister mamatabanerjee on thursday that cpm was behind the rumour of poison in drinking water at nodakhali in south 24-parganas.
the walkout was preceded by noisy scenes in the house.
either the government should prove the charge or the chief minister should withdraw it.
but they are saying nothing.
our struggle would continue, senior cpm legislator anisur rahaman told newspersons after the walkout.
the walkout was also in protest against the refusal by speaker biman mamatabanerjee to allow discussion on an adjournment motion submitted by cpm members on crisis faced by farmers in the state.
the opposition members carried placards like save farmers and kolkata will be london, but farmers are in a deep plight.
rahaman said the government was also silent on the hooch tragedy.
they are not saying anything about treatment of the people who are in hospital.
nor are they saying anything on who is responsible for the hooch deaths.
ministers are making statement on the subject without any notice.
a potato farmer in dhupguri in north bengal committee suicide because of falling prices of potato, it was stated.
in burdwan, paddy farmers were in a crisis as they were not getting the minimum support price for paddy.
farmers were even throwing away their paddy.
left front legislators felt there should be an immediate discussion on the plight of farmers as this could lead to a serious situation in the state.
make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
kolkata: an anti-war march by human rights organisation apdr was attacked in the city on wednesday by a group of men who accused the rallyists of being sympathisers of terrorists.
the association for protection of democratic rights or apdr alleged that the bjp and the rss was behind the attack, both of which denied the allegations.
chief minister mamatabanerjee condemned the attack and asked police to take action.
apdr activists carrying placards and shouting slogans demanding peace between nations in wake of the pulwama terror attack was to cover a 2.
8 km distance between college street and esplanade in the heart of the city this afternoon.
a massive police contingent was guarding the march.
when the rally reached the jan bazar area, few men carrying national flags blocked its way and shouted slogans against apdr activists, accusing them of being sympathizers of pakistan and anti-national elements.
they also allegedly heckled the rallyists and asked them to go to pakistan.
the police then intervened and removed the men from the spot.
apdr activist sujata bhadra said, the bjp and rss are behind the attack.
we condemn it.
we are not afraid of this government (at the centre).
we have every right to present out views.
we hope police will take stern action against such criminals.
terming the allegations baseless, rss leader jishnu basu said, it has become a fashion to blame us for everything.
jan bazar, where the attack took place, is a minority-dominated area.
if in that area apdr is attacked then it proves that nationalist people are against the propaganda of apdr, basu said.
echoing basu, bjp state president dilip ghosh said, when the entire country stands united in fight against terror, any organisation that takes out such a rally ought to face such backlash from the masses.
banerjee, while talking to reporters at state secretariat nabanna, said she has asked police to take stern action against those responsible for the attack.
kolkata: presidency university will soon get the centre of excellence tag, a status above the other state universities.
the tag is likely to be part of the new presidency university bill to be placed in the assembly soon.
the proposal was mooted in a meeting of the mentor group chairman sugata bose and west bengal higher education council chairman sugata marjit on friday.
the duo has been assigned to prepare the draft bill.
the tag once cleared by the government will help the university to offer better facilities to scholars applying for the teaching posts from january 15.
however, their pay packet will be on par with those of teachers in other state universities.
the existing council will be dissolved to make way for a governing body as named in the draft bill once it gets through.
though the state government has given a go-ahead for the university to advertise for recruitment, it is yet to decide on better emoluments as was suggested by mentor group chairperson bose to attract high-quality scholars from the country and abroad.
the government has already decided to stick to the existing payscale on offer for teachers in other universities.
however, since chief minister mamatabanerjee has already decided to award the varsity with the status of centre of excellence, a special fund can be allocated to presidency university.
hence, the faculty members can expect better pay, said chairman of state higher education council sugata marjit.
marjit also incorporated some of the suggestions of the mentor group chairman in the draft bill that would now be sent to the education department.
i shall now send it to education minister bratya basu.
he will modify and approve the draft that will be handed over to the mentor group.
after discussing among themselves, the final draft will be handed over to the education minister who will then place it in the cabinet, added marjit.
much on the lines of other universities, in presidency too students will have no place in the proposed university governing body.
we are planning to keep students representatives in the faulty councils in which they will have a role of play, said marjit.
non-teaching staff will however have a representation in the governing body.
the mentors will continue as part of the governing body.
the chancellor in consultation with the chairman of the presidency university mentor group will nominate mentors not less than five to the governing body, the draft reads.
we never arrested a single person.
we will not take any police action.
health services cannot continue like this.
i am not going to take any stringent action.
let good sense prevail, she said at a press conference today.
mamata said her government continously tried to find a solution to the impasse, but the agitating doctors refused to hold talks with her.
we've accepted all their demands.
i had sent my ministers, principal secretary to meet the doctors, waited for 5 hours to meet doctors' delegations yesterday as well as today, but they did not come.
you have to give respect to the constitutional body, she said.
she added that even after five days of strike by the junior doctors, the state government did not invoke the esma (essential services maintenance) act or take any action against the medicos.
the chief minsiter's statement comes hours after agitating doctors turned down an invite for a closed-door meeting with her at the state secretariat, raising apprehension about their security.
the doctors instead asked mamatabanerjee to visit the nrs medical college and hospital for an open discussion to resolve the impasse.
we feel highly insecure and apprehensive regarding our representatives' meeting with the chief minister behind closed doors.
that is why we are not sending any representatives to the chief minister's office to attend the meeting, said a spokesperson of the joint forum of junior doctors after holding a governing body meeting.
on friday too, the agitating junior doctors had declined to attend a meeting called by mamatabanerjee at state secretariat, nabanna, saying it was a ploy to break their stir.
the doctors, who are protesting against the assault on two of their colleagues at nrs medical college and hospital, had on friday sought unconditional apology from mamatabanerjee and set six conditions for the state government in order to withdraw their stir.
meanwhile, resignation by senior doctors continued in support of their protesting colleagues.
over 300 medicos across various state-run medical college and hospitals have resigned from their services.
s jaishankar with his bangladeshi counterpart a k abdul momendhaka: the process of documenting and identifying illegal immigrants in assam is india's internal matter, external affairs minister s jaishankar said here on tuesday, days after new delhi voiced its concerns over the illegal immigration from bangladesh to the northeast.
jaishankar's remarks came after he held talks with his bangladeshi counterpart a k abdul momen here on issues like the long-pending pact on the teesta water sharing and the rohingya crisis.
jaishankar is in dhaka on a two-day visit, his first to bangladesh after taking over the charge of external affairs minister.
jaishankar said that he had a fruitful interaction with his bangladeshi counterpart.
jaishankar in a joint press conference with momen said that the national register of citizens (nrc) in assam is india's internal matter amid concerns in bangladesh, bdnews reported.
home minister amit shah early this month raised with bangladesh india's concerns over the illegal immigration from bangladesh to the northeast.
the issue was flagged before bangladesh home minister asaduzzaman khan at the 7th meeting of india-bangladesh home minister level talks (hmlt) held in new delhi.
jaishankar's remarks came ahead of the publication of the final list of the nrc in assam on august 31.
when the draft nrc was published last year, 40 lakh names were excluded, leading to a huge political controversy.
assam and other northeastern states have been facing the problem of influx from neighbouring bangladesh through the porus border.
jaishankar also said india's position and commitment to the pending teesta water deal remained as it was, bdnews quoted jaishankar as saying.
the teesta deal was set to be signed during the then prime minister manmohan singh 's visit to bangladesh in september 2011, but was postponed at the last minute due to objections raised by west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee teesta water is crucial for bangladesh, especially in the leanest period from december to march, when the water flow often temporarily comes down to less than 1,000 cusecs from 5,000 cusecs.
on water sharing, he said water resource is an important subject for bangladesh and we look forward to making progress to find a mutually acceptable formula from 54 shared rivers.
we are ready to make a start wherever possible.
we have a position you are aware of that.
we have a commitment on that position and that does not change, he said when asked to comment specifically on the teesta, indicating new delhi's previous position that it is ready to sign the deal once the west bengal government agrees to it.
they also discussed the rohingya issue and agreed on their safe, speedy and sustainable return to myanmar.
bangladesh, which is facing a big influx of rohingya muslims from myanmar, is seeking enhanced india's support in handling the crisis by mounting pressure on myanmar to take back the refugees who have taken shelter in the country.
according to the united nations, over 7,45,000 rohingya muslims have fled myanmar's rakhine state into bangladesh following serious human rights abuses.
however, myanmar denies the allegations.
jaishankar said connectivity between the countries has been increased on all routes and we would like to step up this partnership.
on energy cooperation, he said both countries have stakes in each other's success.
on trade, he said, the progress would be made at a pace which is comfortable for bangladesh.
jaishankar said india operates the largest consular service in dhaka and we want to make it seamless.
our partnership with bangladesh remains an example what neighbours can do together, he said, adding that prime minister narendra modi is determined to ensure partnership remains a role model in south asia.
momen said he was excited as he had a very good meeting with jaishankar.
we more or less came to a consensus on all issues, he said, without naming the issues on the agenda.
earlier, jaishankar started his official engagements on tuesday by paying respects to bangladesh's founding father bangabandhu sheikh mujibur rahman at the 'bangabandhu memorial museum' in dhanmondi.
lucknow: uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath on wednesday had a dig at the sp-bsp alliance saying their talaq was formalised with the people giving no importance to their propaganda.
the talaq of the (samajwadi party-bahujan samaj party) alliance has been formalised.
the people have proved they will back whosoever works for the development.
no amount of propaganda will help, the chief minister said, speaking on the supplementary budget presented in the state assembly on tuesday.
the chief minister did not spare the collapse of the country-wide, anti-bjp mahagathbandhan (grand alliance) either, sought to be propped up by west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee in the run-up to the 2019 general elections.
elections were held in uttar pradesh in seven phases and there was no violence but every phase in west bengal saw violence.
this is the difference, he said.
the 'gatbandhan and mahagatbandhan' which were emerging in the state and the country have all been defeated, he added.
the chief minister attributed the bjp's victory on 64 out of 80 seats in the state in the lok sabha elections to the confidence of people in his party.
this is the power of the democracy and it needs to be identified, he said.
in his intervention on the debate on supplementary budget in the assembly, the chief minister also referred to the successful holding of the kumbh in allahabad earlier this year, saying the fair secured international recognition.
he said several records were set this year in the kumbh fair, which changed the perception of the state across the globe.
ambassadors of 72 countries hoisted their national flags in the kumbh area giving it a global identity.
there were participation by 187 countries in the fair, he said.
