;;-0.6369;;also read: rahul gandhi slams sampitroda over 1984 riots remarkto a question about the bjp's controversial decision to field malegaon blast accused sadhvi pragya singh thakur from bhopal, shah strongly defended the decision.
;;-0.7184;;also read: sampitroda apologises for remarks on sikh riots, says his words twisted due to his 'bad hindi'thakur has been pitted against veteran congress leader digvijay singh.
;;0.0;;he also claimed that the recent 'hua so hua' remark by congress leader sampitroda had rubbed salt on the injuries of the sikhs.
;;-0.7845;;rahul babas advisor sampitroda came up with the nave suggestion that we should have treated the terrorists who killed our 40 crpf jawans as young lads gone wayward and engaged them in talks.
;;0.3612;;by aninew delhi: drawing a comparison between german dictator adolf hitler and prime minister narendra modi, indian overseas congress chief sampitroda on saturday said the prime minister, too, made nationalism an issue like hitler.
;;0.0;;follow our election coverage herethe bjp president also targeted congress leader sampitroda , a long-time gandhi family advisor and a key aide of the gandhi scion.
;;-0.6369;;by online deskindian overseas congress chief and aide of party chief rahul gandhi sampitroda on friday said that he was misrepresented over his jo hua toh hua remark over the 1984 anti-sikh riots and expressed regret over the controversial statement.
;;-0.7506;;we demand that sonia gandhi and rahul gandhi must apologise for the worst comments made by sampitroda which has hurt the people of the country, union minister prakash javadekar told the media here at his residence in delhi.
;;0.0;;it is relevant today because it is an unsolved saga of atrocities and if atrocities and genocide against sikhs are not relevant than tomorrow sampitroda will say partition is not relevant, ethnic cleansing of kashmiri pandits is not relevant.
;;-0.5106;;by anidharamshala(hp): indian overseas congress chief sampitroda on thursday brushed off 1984 anti-sikh riots saying happened in 1984, so what.
;;-0.3612;;at the press conference, sampitroda also criticized the prime minister for his remarks on late prime minister rajiv gandhi.
;;-0.2023;;on the controversial remarks made by sampitroda and mani shankar aiyar, he said these were blown out of proportion and were non-issues.
;;0.128;;the initiative, 'young india facebook live series', launched last month, has so far featured ghulam nabi azad, manish tewari, jairam ramesh, ajay maken, sampitroda among others, and efforts are on to bring rahul gandhi to the platform, indian youth congress (iyc) spokesperson amrish pandey said.
;;-0.7964;;by express news servicenew delhi/chandigarh: under fire for his comments on the 1984 anti-sikh riots, congress leader sampitroda on friday accused the bjp of twisting his words, while his party, mindful of the possible damage that the alleged insensitive comments could cause to its poll prospects in delhi and punjab, distanced itself from his remark.
;;-0.8658;;also read | rahul gandhi slams sampitroda over 1984 riots remarkprime minister narendra modi led the bjp offensive, saying pitrodas remark, reflected the character and arrogance of the congress.
;;-0.2732;;by ianskhanna (punjab): congress leader sampitroda , who had courted controversy for his remark in connection with the anti-sikh riots of 1984, should be ashamed and must apologise to the nation, party president rahul gandhi said on monday.
;;-0.1531;;harpeet bajwa byexpress news serviceprime minister narendra modi on friday slammed the congress over the remarks made by sampitroda on the 1984 anti-sikh riots, saying his words reflected the character, mentality and intention of the party.
;;-0.8519;;expressing himself in total disagreement with congress leader sampitroda controversial remarks that if the 1984 riots happened, they happened, so what, amarinder said if pitroda had actually said this, it was shocking.
;;-0.5719;;by ptidharamshala(hp): congress leader sampitroda on thursday said the bjp-led government at the centre had failed on all sectors and challenged prime minister narendra modi to a debate with him as he is also a gujarati.
;;0.0;;also read| happened in 1984, so what: sampitroda on anti-sikh riotslikening the proposed nyay scheme with the mgnrega, pitroda said the minimum income scheme would kick-start the rural economy.
;;-0.6249;;describing indian overseas congress chief sampitroda as gandhi's guru, shah said pitroda suggested for talks with pakistan and terrorists.
;;-0.5106;;owaisi was reacting to modi slamming congress president rahul gandhi's advisor sampitroda for his remark on the anti-sikh riots.
;;-0.5106;;bjp's it cell head amit malviya also referred to congress leader sampitroda , in the spotlight for his hua to hua remark on the 1984 anti-sikh riots.
;;-0.3818;;upset that sampitroda was getting all the attention, the irrepressible mani shankar aiyar pulls pitroda's foot out of his mouth and puts it in his.
;;-0.128;;bhubaneswar: the bjp on friday intensified its demand for removal of sampitroda from the post of technical advisor of odisha government following his appointment as chairman of overseas department of congress.
;;0.34;;bhubaneswar: technology advisor to odisha government sampitroda on wednesday resigned from the position amidst a growing controversy over his appointment as the chairman of overseas department of the congress party.
;;-0.4215;;he ridiculed congress leader sampitroda for saying that some boys had committed mistake and dropped bombs, and there should be talks.
;;0.6705;;accompanied by kerala congress leader oommen chandy and indian overseas congress chairman sampitroda , gandhi was welcomed to loud cheers from the labourers gathered in the camp.
;;-0.7717;;modi, at the rally, also slammed congress leader sampitroda over his 'hua to hua' remarks on 1984 anti-sikh riots, saying it reflected the congress's arrogance.
