;;0.8979;;he poked gentle fun at some by underlining their presence in the hall, and equally, and emphatically, praised those like sampitroda and nandan nilekani for breaking out of the constraints of politics and babudom to make an idea become a reality on the ground.
;;0.0;;telecom policy at a separate meeting, the state government decided that a telecom policy would be formulated by this month end under the guidance of telecom wizard sampitroda , who has been appointed as the technical adviser to the state government.
;;0.0;;(bishwarup dutta) calcutta, july 16: mamata banerjee today announced that sampitroda would be her governments chief adviser on bengals resurgence.
;;-0.3818;;bjps it in-charge amit malviya tweeted: upset that sampitroda was getting all the attention, the irrepressible mani shankar aiyar pulls pitrodas foot out of his mouth and puts it in his.
;;-0.3818;;upset that sampitroda was getting all the attention, the irrepressible mani shankar aiyar pulls pitrodas foot out of his mouth and puts it in his.
;;-0.8316;;damage control: congress leader sampitroda at the golden temple source: @sampitroda sampitroda remark about the 1984 anti-sikh riots  hua toh hua  was blown out of proportion by the bjp and a section of the media to harm the congresss prospects in poll-bound delhi and punjab.
;;-0.4767;;three words - huwa toh huwa - taken out of a soundbite of sampitroda compelled the congress to issue an explanation in the context of the 1984 anti-sikh riots after narendra modi and the bjp's leading lights gunned for the technology entrepreneur and policy maker who is part of rahul gandhi's team.
;;0.4019;;any remark made to the contrary, 'including shri sampitroda is not the opinion of the party.
;;0.4019;;any opinion remark made by any individual to the contrary including sampitroda is not the opinion of congress party' pic.
;;-0.6705;;thousands of sikhs were killed on the roads of delhi and when that issue is raised, then sampitroda , who is a veteran politician, reacts as 'huwa toh huwa'.
;;0.4019;;aiyar's comments have come at a time the congress is already facing the heat for the hua toh hua comment by sampitroda , a party leader believed to be close to rahul gandhi.
;;-0.1779;;congress president rahul gandhi on wednesday asked sampitroda to apologise for using the phrase hua to hua (what happened has happened) in connection with the anti-sikh riots of 1984.
;;0.4019;;any opinion or remark made by any individual to the contrary, including shri sampitroda , is not the opinion of the congress party.
;;0.128;;the congress has already launched the process of preparing the people's manifesto and a team led by technocrat sampitroda and manifesto committee chief madhusudan mistry are meeting various sections of society to understand their concerns and pick ideas from the ground.
;;0.3612;;he has been hailing those like sampitroda who have made it big despite coming from very backward castes.
;;0.0;;rahul, who was accompanied by kerala congress leader oommen chandy and indian overseas congress chairman sampitroda , told the workers: you have illuminated the names of every religion, every state and every caste.
;;0.0;;that technician sampitroda headed the committee to monitor the campaign.
;;0.0;;the panel is headed by sampitroda , who is the adviser to the prime minister on public information infrastructure and innovations.
;;0.3818;;national innovation council chairman sampitroda is expected to deliver the inaugural address of the event.
;;0.3612;;the report mentioned that sampitroda , the former head of the national knowledge commission, had assured sugata bose, the chairman of the mentor group, that presidency would be connected with the national knowledge network on a priority basis.
;;0.0;;telecom expert sampitroda will chair both panels.
;;0.4019;;yet others pointed to the hua-toh-hua statement of sampitroda over the 1984 anti-sikh riots, but the congress did better in punjab than most other states.
;;0.0;;the government has approached sampitroda to head the two committees  one for software and the other for hardware.
;;0.5267;;sir  it is admirable that the congress president, rahul gandhi, has rebuked sampitroda for his callous comment on the 1984 anti-sikh riots (unlike puppys fan, courage to correct mistake, may 11).
;;0.1027;;kajal chatterjee,sodepursir  it is a constructive step in indian politics that rahul gandhi has asked sampitroda to apologize for his comment.
;;-0.4215;;he ridiculed congress leader sampitroda for saying that some boys had committed a mistake and dropped bombs, and there should be talks.
;;0.4939;;gandhi portal new delhi (pti):a web portal on mahatma gandhi was launched by national innovation council chairman sampitroda on the freedom fighters 66th death anniversary on thursday.
;;-0.4767;;according to national knowledge commission, which was formed by the central government in 2005 and headed by sampitroda , which aims at increasing the gross enrolment ratio (ger), these universities have some set goals.
;;0.7184;;picture by bishwarup dutta sampitroda pegged a b-schoolers dollar dream to show fresh graduates at iim calcutta on friday why the haves must support the have-nots.
;;0.0772;;we want to use this tool to rethink about education, said nic chairperson sampitroda , a telecom and computing innovator who had helped transform indias telecom sector and guided indias technology missions during the late 1980s.
;;0.3818;;modi said the rajasthan government had suppressed the incident thinking hua toh hua (so what if it happened) - an allusion to a phrase congress politician sampitroda had used recently in reference to the 1984 anti-sikh pogrom, for which rahul gandhi asked him to apologise.
;;0.6486;;congress president rahul gandhi on monday publicly rebuked party functionary sampitroda , saying he should apologise for his hua toh hua (whatever happened, happened) remark about the 1984 anti-sikh pogrom.
;;0.4019;;congress leader sampitroda interacts with party workers, during the ongoing lok sabha polls, in shimla, friday, may 10, 2019.
;;-0.6652;;but sampitroda , one of congress strategists, will be in public memory for some time for saying hua toh hua when the anti-sikh riots were mentioned.
;;-0.6705;;new delhi, march 25: sampitroda , a key adviser to the prime minister, today accused the government of failing to implement any higher education reforms in the past five years and asked it to act now.
;;0.0;;5 lakh crore, a report by the panel, led by technocrat sampitroda , said today.
