;;-0.128;;(file)the bjp workers staged a demonstration here today demanding immediate removal of sampitroda as technical advisor to the odisha government.
;;-0.296;;senior advocate ramesh gupta, who appeared for sonia, rahul and others, told the court that summons have not been served on accused sampitroda as he stays in the usa now.
;;0.0;;(source: express file photo)odisha government on announced that it was bringing in telecom wizard sampitroda as its technology adviser for development of telecom, electronics, it, ites sectors of the state.
;;0.34;;the only presence that has been registered was at a programme focussing on it in west bengal at a city hotel,where a video-recorded message of sampitroda was played for two consecutive days.
;;0.0;;the congress is likely to field technocrat sampitroda as one of its two candidates for the rajya sabha polls from gujarat, scheduled to be held on march 23.
;;-0.128;;earlier, bjp workers had staged a demonstration here on may 14 demanding immediate removal of sampitroda as technical advisor to the odisha government alleging there existed an unholy nexus between the bjd and the congress.
;;-0.1779;;mounting a sharp attack on senior congress leader sampitroda over his so what remark on 1984 anti-sikh riots, prime minister narendra modi friday said it showed the character and mentality of the grand old party.
;;0.4019;;any opinion remark made by any individual to the contrary including shri sampitroda is not the opinion of the congress party, the statement said.
;;0.4939;;at the plenary session at apeejay campus,sheikh sarai,where the workshop was held,chief guest sampitroda praised the innovations displayed by the students and said the idea of a design workshop had provided a unique platform for indian students.
;;0.0;;the trip to the southeast asian countries is being organised by the aicc overseas cell headed by technocrat sampitroda (source: aicc) the trip to the southeast asian countries is being organised by the aicc overseas cell headed by technocrat sampitroda (source: aicc)the trip to the southeast asian countries  ahead of the aicc plenary session in new delhi from march 16 to 18  is being organised by the aicc overseas cell headed by technocrat sampitroda , who had also organised gandhis visits to the us and west asia earlier.
;;0.25;;advertisingalso read | intercepts, awacs photos: iaf underlines it got pakistan f-16when you have people like sampitroda and farooq abdullah and other congress leaders, distrusting their own government and their own armed forces, obviously you are going to strengthen the hand of the people and the parties, and the countries, who are harbouring terrorism, the bjp leader said at a press conference when asked about khans remarks.
;;0.6705;;co-accused sampitroda appeared before the court, which granted him bail on a personal bond of rs 50,000 with one surety of the like amount.
;;0.7184;;the trip, organised by family friend sampitroda , is an opportunity to interact with nris, perhaps partly for fund-raising.
;;0.7096;;others, however, say it was sampitroda who first mooted the idea, inspired by the us democratic party convention.
;;0.0;;rahuls long-time mentor sampitroda is rumoured to be a possible rajya sabha candidate.
;;-0.7906;;indian overseas congress chairman sampitroda on thursday strongly defended his comments with regard to terror strikes in pulwama and air strikes in balakot, accusing the media of amplifying the falsehood propagated by bjp leaders against me.
;;0.4215;;they have a helpful guide in the form of the report of an expert committee headed by sampitroda , submitted earlier this year.
;;0.128;;missing pitrodasome time ago, rahuls key adviser sampitroda toured gujarat, talking to party workers to select points for the partys manifesto.
;;0.0;;these designers,most of them nid alumni,claim they have even contacted sampitroda to get their views heard.
;;-0.3818;;also read | completely twisted, misrepresented: congress sampitroda apologises for 1984 riots remarkseveral congress leaders were responsible for these murders, but congress is today saying hua toh hua.
;;0.0;;when sampitroda came to the varsity,we flashed the information on these digital signages and many students went to listen to him.
;;0.0;;in a similar exercise, telecom entrepreneur sampitroda had interacted with residents of five cities of gujarat, namely vadodara, ahmedabad, rajkot, jamnagar and surat, ahead of the two-phased assembly elections there last year.
;;0.0;;he plans to launch his movement on october 2, mahatma gandhis birthday, from sabarmati ashram, ahmedabad, along with sampitroda and kartikeya sarabhai, son of the late scientist vikram sarabhai.
;;0.4404;;pleased to have met prime minister of singapore lee hsien loong this morning along with sampitroda and milind deora, gandhi posted on facebook with some photographs.
;;0.34;;rti records also show that five honorary doctorates were conferred on technocrat sampitroda , who served from 2005 to 2009 as chairman of the national knowledge commission, advising then prime minister manmohan singh on policies for educational institutions and research.
