;;0.5106;;the vascsc board of governors has some impressive names, including sampitroda as chairman, director of the institute of plasma research p k kaw, director of isro's space application centre r r navalgund and senior officials of the state and central governments.
;;0.5927;;the high command had proposed the names of sampitroda and janardhan dwivedi, but siddaramaiah opposed them on the grounds that it would be better to elect locals in a poll season.
;;0.5859;;technocrat sampitroda and shaktisinh gohil are among probables for the two seats congress can win in gujarat.
;;0.5927;;the high command had proposed the names of sampitroda and janardhan dwivedi, but siddaramaiah opposed them on the grounds that it would be better to elect locals in a poll season.
;;0.0;;congress may pick pitroda for rajya sabhafor one of its two rajya sabha seats, the gujarat congress may nominate sampitroda , the usa-based technocrat and close aide of late prime minister rajiv gandhi.
;;0.0;;it said young indian was founded on november 28, 2010 with sampitroda and suman dubey as the sole shareholders.
;;-0.5106;;it was during his recent visit to dharamshala that indian congress overseas chief sampitroda had said hua toh hua while referring to the 1984 riots.
;;0.0772;;ahmedabad: while sampitroda has been a force behind congresss peoples manifesto, a number of members of bjps cyber army are nrgs.
;;0.4019;;jaipur: sampitroda believes india needs to democratise information to help innovations happen.
;;0.6486;;in a bid to spur innovation in key sectors of the economy, singh had given his nod to set up the nic headed by telecom czar sampitroda , with special focus on micro, small and medium enterprises for 2010-20, last year in august.
;;0.0;;gowda was in the city on invitation of amol deshmukh, also a member of the aicc research unit, who had done groundwork assisting sampitroda in the build-up to recent gujarat elections.
;;0.0;;the first chief guest who was expected to visit the university was sampitroda , advisor to the prime minister of india on public information infrastructure & innovations.
;;0.2732;;i had a discussion with sampitroda who cited an example of the media sector in france where 700 companies have come together to create a cluster and they bid for projects as a single entity.
;;0.0;;incidentally, technocrat sampitroda is chairing both the it committees - on software and hardware - of the state.
