by ptinew delhi: senior bjp leader prakash javadekar on saturday accused the aam aadmi party (aap) of dropping anti-corruption crusader anna hazare like a hot potato after coming to power.
a day ahead of the lok sabha polls in delhi, javadekar showed a purported video of hazare, in which the activist claimed that delhi chief minister and aap supremo arvind kejriwal after coming to power has not once met him.
hazare, in the video, can also be heard saying that power and money can make people do anything.
earlier (during the anti-corruption movement) he (kejriwal) used to say that he will not take salary.
his mind has distracted since he got power.
the aap emerged from hazare's anti-corruption movement in 2011, but when they got power they dropped hazare like a hot potato, javadekar alleged.
in late 2012, kejriwal and a number of other leaders of the movement announced the formation of the aap to fight the 2013 delhi assembly elections, but hazare decided not to join them.
also read| its going to be a positive pro-incumbency vote: prakash javadekarjavadekar also sought an answer from kejriwal on claims of aap west delhi candidate balbir singh jakhar's son who said the aap supremo sold the seat for rs 6 crore to his father.
today, the aap and kejriwal need to answer.
his (jakhar's) son has alleged that rs 6 crore was paid for getting the ticket and similar charges were levelled during the rajya sabha elections.
kejriwal cannot remain silent, he has to answer, he said.
follow our election coverage herethe union hrd minister also sought an apology from kejriwal for blaming the bjp for an attack on him during a roadshow.
everytime he (kejriwal) gets attacked he blames the bjp, but it turns out that the man behind the attack comes from his own party.
so these are the dramatics that he engages into.
he should apologise to the bjp, he said.
javadekar also questioned the silence of kejriwal over the recent controversy surrounding congress leader sam pitroda's so what remark on the 1984 anti-sikh riots.
the whole country condemned the comments of pitroda but he remains silent on the issue, he said.
javadekar was joined by delhi bjp president manoj tiwari in attacking kejriwal, who said he worries about the safety of jakhar's son.
new delhi: a delhi court on saturday asked congress president sonia gandhi, party vice-president rahul gandhi, and other leaders to respond to a fresh plea of bjp leader subramanian swamy seeking certain documents from the party and associated journals limited (ajl) in the national herald case.
besides the gandhis, metropolitan magistrate lovleen also issued notices to other party leaders including motilal vora, oscar fernandes, suman dubey, and sampitroda seeking their replies within two weeks, and posted the matter to october 4.
swamy has sought documents relating to a loan given by the congress to the ajl, the holding firm of the national herald, saying these were necessary for the purposes of trial in the case.
he also sought certain documents from the registrar of companies (roc) which were filed by the ajl and papers from the department of income tax (dot) in relation to income tax returns filed by ajl.
the documents sought from the ajl included authorisation by the members of the ajl to borrow monies in excess of its paid-up capital and free reserve of the ajl, relevant extracts from the books of accounts of ajl during the period of loan and documents by which the loan was converted into shares in the books of the ajl.
swamy, in his plea, also sought the documents from the congress in the year in which the loan was written off.
the application was filed by swamy after the delhi high court set aside the trial courts orders summoning documents and the balance sheet of the congress party for 2010-2011, holding that they were passed without hearing the opposite side and that the lower court orders violated the principle of natural justice and the right to life and liberty under the constitution.
swamy has accused them of allegedly conspiring to cheat and misappropriate funds by just paying `50 lakh by which young indian, a company formed in 2010 and owned by sonia, rahul, vora and fernandes, obtained the right to recover the `90.
25 crore which the ajl owed to the congress.
but the ajl had `2000 crore properties.
the congress leaders misappropriated control of the ajls assets without paying any money to its shareholders, swamy had alleged.
a delhi court on saturday asked congress president sonia gandhi, party vice-president rahul gandhi, and other leaders to respond to a fresh plea of bjp leader subramanian swamy seeking certain documents from the party and associated journals limited (ajl) in the national herald case.
besides the gandhis, metropolitan magistrate lovleen also issued notices to other party leaders including motilal vora, oscar fernandes, suman dubey, and sampitroda seeking their replies within two weeks, and posted the matter to october 4.
swamy has sought documents relating to a loan given by the congress to the ajl, the holding firm of the national herald, saying these were necessary for the purposes of trial in the case.
he also sought certain documents from the registrar of companies (roc) which were filed by the ajl and papers from the department of income tax (dot) in relation to income tax returns filed by ajl.
the documents sought from the ajl included authorisation by the members of the ajl to borrow monies in excess of its paid-up capital and free reserve of the ajl, relevant extracts from the books of accounts of ajl during the period of loan and documents by which the loan was converted into shares in the books of the ajl.
swamy, in his plea, also sought the documents from the congress in the year in which the loan was written off.
the application was filed by swamy after the delhi high court set aside the trial courts orders summoning documents and the balance sheet of the congress party for 2010-2011, holding that they were passed without hearing the opposite side and that the lower court orders violated the principle of natural justice and the right to life and liberty under the constitution.
swamy has accused them of allegedly conspiring to cheat and misappropriate funds by just paying `50 lakh by which young indian, a company formed in 2010 and owned by sonia, rahul, vora and fernandes, obtained the right to recover the `90.
25 crore which the ajl owed to the congress.
but the ajl had `2000 crore properties.
the congress leaders misappropriated control of the ajls assets without paying any money to its shareholders, swamy had alleged.
congress vice president rahul gandhi speaks at the launch of commemorative edition of national herald newspaper in bengaluru on monday.
bengaluru: aicc vice-president rahul gandhi on monday accused the nda government of muzzling freedom of expression and trying to force the media into silence.
speaking at an event organised to release a commemorative edition of the congress party newspaper national herald, rahul gandhi said the dalits are being beaten up, minorities are frightened and bureaucrats and journalists are not being allowed to speak the truth.
the government is trying to silence everyone.
those who speak the truth are being pushed around,'' he said.
referring to his visit last week to madhya pradesh when he was not allowed to enter the state to meet the families of farmers who died in police firing, rahul gandhi said, when i asked the policemen under what law they were stopping me from entering the state, they told me there was no law but they were only carrying out orders.
that is the situation in the country today.
quoting soviet poet yevgeny yevtushenko, he added, when truth is replaced by silence, the silence is a lie.
the congress veep said, everybody knows what the truth is.
but they are scared to say it.
vice-president mohammad hamid ansari released the national herald commemorative publication to celebrate 70 years of india's independence.
efforts to revive the newspaper started amid a legal battle launched by bjp leader subramanian swamy, who has filed a criminal complaint against congress president sonia gandhi, rahul gandhi and others.
in his private criminal complaint, swamy accused the gandhis and others of conspiring to misappropriate funds by paying only rs 50 lakh through which young indian pvt.
ltd obtained the right to recover rs 90.
25 crore, which its publisher, associate journals ltd (ajl), owed to the congress party.
the gandhis and the other accused -- motilal vora, oscar fernandes, suman dubey and sampitroda -- have denied the allegations levelled against them.
the delhi high court had recently declined to stay the income tax proceedings against young india ltd in the national herald case.
rourkela: the eighth convocation of biju patnaik university of technology (bput) saw awarding of 32,051 under-graduate and post-graduate degrees on friday.
delivering the convocation address, director-general of council of scientific and industrial research (csir) and union secretary to the department of scientific and industrial research, dr girish sahni, said people-centric and nation-centric thrust to science, technology and societal pursuit have been the cornerstone of institutes like csir, bput and most other temples of learning.
as institutes, we are driven by the dream of economic inclusiveness and empowerment of the people of india.
he said position of global leadership cannot be achieved without trained human resources.
while urging the young technocrats to have passion, perseverance, compassion and empathy, he said character built up on the foundation of moral and ethical values is the most important trait for success.
he recalled the dictum hire for character; train for skill.
odisha governor and bput chancellor s c jamir said opportunities for engineers, computer professionals and other technocrats are abundant.
he said education in engineering cultivates ability to solve problems and advances in engineering field have been central to human progress.
we are now a fast growing economy.
we face significant challenges of poverty alleviation, urban migration, climate change and other issues.
engineers will be needed to tackle these challenges.
bput vice-chancellor s s patnaik spoke about the universitys thrust on industry-academic integration, demand driven curriculum, transparent examination system, quality education and alternative platform of learning using social media.
the convocation was marked by conferring honorary dsc degree on dr sahni and sampitroda in absentia.
a total of 28,036 degrees for 2015-16 in barch, bpharm, btech, mpharm, msc, mtech, mba, mca, march and mba(part) along with 4,015 backlog degrees and three phd degrees were given.
by ptinew delhi: a vitriol-filled campaign ended friday for the sixth and penultimate phase of lok sabha polls to be held in 59 constituencies in six states and delhi with barbs flying thick and fast as leaders made every effort to sway voters in their favour.
on sunday, elections will be held in 14 seats in uttar pradesh, 10 seats in haryana, eights constituencies each in bihar, madhya pradesh and west bengal, seven seats in delhi and four in jharkhand.
in 2014, the bjp had won 45 of these seats, the trinamool congress 8, the congress two and the samajwadi party and the ljp one seat each among others.
prime minister narendra modi once again led the bjp's campaign holding several rallies and stepping up his attack on opposition parties, particularly the congress.
bjp chief amit shah, congress president rahul gandhi and a host of union ministers among others canvassed for their party candidates in the past few days, undertaking whirlwind tours of constituencies.
also read| mamata and chandrababu naidu hold closed-door meeting on mahagathbandhan future coursemicrophones fell silent and weeks of high-octane poll campaigning by parties came to end on friday evening in the national capital as the 48-hour silence period kicked in from 6 pm ahead of the lok sabha elections.
all seven parliamentary constituencies in delhi will go to polls on sunday.
as many as 164 candidates are in fray in the polls, which are largely been seen as a three-way contest among the bjp, congress and aap.
follow our election coverage hereprominent candidates in the contest include, veteran congress leader sheila dikshit, olympian boxer vijender singh, union minister harsh vardhan, cricketer-turned-politician gautam gambhir and atishi from aap.
in uttar pradesh, the candidates whose electoral fate will be decided include sp president akhilesh yadav and union minister maneka gandhi.
of the 14 constituencies going to polls in the state, the bjp had won 13 in 2014 with azamgarh being the only exception from where sp patron mulayam singh yadav had been victorious.
in haryana, union ministers krishan pal gurjar and rao inderjit singh are seeking re-election while former chief minister bhupinder singh hooda is once again entering the race to the lower house.
the high-voltage electioneering saw a galaxy of leaders from the ruling bjp and congress campaign for their respective parties in haryana.
also read| 2016 jat agitation may swing votes in rohtakmodi and amit shah also campaigned in the state on friday, with the prime minister addressing a rally in rohtak, considered as stronghold of the hooda family, where he raked up the 1984 anti-sikh riots issue.
delhi chief minister and aap national convener arvind kejriwal campaigned for the jannayak janata party-aap alliance candidates while bsp supremo mayawati sought votes for her party and its ally loktantra suraksha party.
in the 2014 lok sabha polls, the bjp had contested in eight seats and won seven while the saffron party's then ally hjc had fought two bit losing both and inld winning two seats and congress one.
the congress has re-nominated its sitting mp from rohtak, deepender singh hooda, son of bhupinder singh hooda.
hectic electioneering also came to an end in west bengal.
the polls in this phase will cover jangal mahal - the forested region of bankura, west midnapore, jhargram and purulia districts which used to be a maoist hotbed during the erstwhile left front regime.
also read| purulia tribals switch from twin flowers to lotusseats where elections will be held on sunday are tamluk, kanthi, ghatal, jhargram (st), medinipur, purulia, bankura and bishnupur (sc), where an electorate of 1,33,69,749 will decide the fate of 83 candidates.
all these seats were won by the tmc in 2014.
curtains also came down on campaigning for the third phase of polling in four lok sabha seats of jharkhand.
a total 66,85,401 voters of giridih, dhanbad, jamshedpur and singhbhum (st) constituencies are eligible to decide the fate of 67 candidates in sunday's election.
the jmm and the congress are part of the mahagathbandhan (grand alliance) in jharkhand.
polling for the first two phases in the state were held on april 29 and may 6.
the last phase will be conducted on may 19.
eight seats in bihar will go to polls on sunday.
all of these were won by the nda in 2014.
also read| an election of possibilities in biharwhile ram vilas paswan's ljp holds the vaishali seat, the remaining were won by the bjp, which has given up valmiki nagar and siwan in favour of chief minister nitish kumar's jd(u) and fielded its sitting mps from their respective seats.
union agriculture minister radha mohan singh is in the fray.
he is serving his fifth term as the mp from purvi champaran, earlier known as motihari.
a high-voltage campaign for the eight lok sabha seats in madhya pradesh, which includes bhopal constituency where senior congress leader digvijay singh is locked in a battle with bjp nominee and malegaon blast accused pragya singh thakur, also came to an end friday evening.
this will be the third phase of polling in madhya pradesh, with the first and second phases having been held on april 29 and may 6.
the last phase will be held on may 19.
also read| sam pitroda's 'hua to hua' remark on sikh riots shows congress' arrogance: pm modiwhile seven of these seats were won by the bjp in 2014, the guna constituency was won by the congress.
guna, one of the high-profile seats in this phase, would seal the fate of aicc general secretary and congress candidate jyotiraditya scindia.
union minister and bjp nominee narendra singh tomar is in the fray from morena.
by ptinew delhi: bjp president amit shah has slammed the congress over its leader sam pitroda's so what remarks on the 1984 anti-sikh riots, saying they have exposed its mindset and asserted it is under the narendra modi government that culprits were punished and families of victims compensated.
thousands of sikhs were killed mercilessly.
the then prime minister rajiv gandhi justified it.
no one was punished.
manmohan singh was made (by the congress) to apologise.
on thursday, pitroda, had dismissed questions about 1984 riots, saying hua to hua (so what), triggering a political furore that led to congress president rahul gandhi denouncing his comments followed by an apology from him on friday.
also read: congress distances itself from sam pitroda's remark on 1984 riotsshah spoke to pti before pitroda tendered the apology.
the bjp president said several congress governments at the centre did little to go after those behind the communal violence and added that they were punished by the modi government.
the riots, which had left thousands of sikhs dead, remain an emotive issue, especially in delhi, which was the worst affected city, and punjab, where the community live in very large numbers.
the bjp has sought to corner the congress over the carnage, as both delhi and punjab head for the lok sabha polls.
elections in the national capital will take place on sunday and in punjab on may 19.
also read: rahul gandhi slams sampitroda over 1984 riots remarkto a question about the bjp's controversial decision to field malegaon blast accused sadhvi pragya singh thakur from bhopal, shah strongly defended the decision.
he said she may be still an accused but the conspiracy she has been charged with has already been rejected by courts in other cases of terror in which right wing hindutva elements were blamed.
accusing the congress of manufacturing fake hindu terror cases to defame hindus for its vote bank politics, shah said courts have already rejected the theory and the bjp's decision to field thakur was the saffron party's satyagrah against the opposition party.
also read: sampitroda apologises for remarks on sikh riots, says his words twisted due to his 'bad hindi'thakur has been pitted against veteran congress leader digvijay singh.
targeting the congress, shah said people - allegedly linked to terrorist outfit let- arrested in samjhauta train blast case were released by the upa government and compensated as well, after investigators later claimed that hindutva elements were behind the terror.
a court, however, acquitted all accused, including hindutva activist swami aseemanand.
shah expressed confidence that the bjp will win more than 282 seats it had won in 2014, saying its number of seats and victory margins will increase with the party set to do well in regions where it had been traditionally weak.
by ptinew delhi: upa chairperson sonia gandhi and congress president rahul gandhi monday started cross-examination of complainant and bjp leader subramanian swamy in the national herald case.
the gandhis, through their lawyer, started cross-examination of swamy who had filed a private criminal complaint against them in the case.
swamy, in the complaint, had accused the gandhis and others of conspiring to cheat and misappropriate funds by paying just rs 50 lakh, through which the young indian (yi) private limited obtained the right to recover the rs 90.
25 crore that the associate journals limited owed to the congress.
all the seven accused in the case -- sonia gandhi and her son rahul gandhi, and congress leaders motilal vora congress leaders oscar fernandes, suman dubey and sampitroda and the yi -- have denied the allegations levelled against them.
by ptineemuch (mp): bjp chief amit shah thursday said that under the narendra modi regime, a bullet fired by pakistan will be met with a shell from india's side.
addressing an election rally here, shah sought to underscore the difference between the approach of the previous upa and that of the present nda government to national security.
the manmohan singh government did not say a word when terrorists from pakistan beheaded indian jawans, the bjp chief alleged.
on the other hand, the modi government carried out air strikes in balakot in the neighbouring country after 40 crpf personnel were killed in pulwama terror attack in february this year, he said.
modi is a man with 56-inch chest.
he gave orders to the air force and our fighter jets bombed balakot, destroying terror camps, shah said.
he alleged that the entire country celebrated india's retaliation in balakot, but pakistan and rahul baba (congress president rahul gandhi) and company were sad.
are they (terrorists) your (congress leaders') relatives?
they (gandhi and others) are sad because their vote-bank was sad, the bjp president alleged.
follow our full election coverage herereferring to congress leader and former technocrat sam pitroda's reported statement that india should hold talks with pakistan, shah asked the gathering whether they favored dialogue with pakistan or whether they wanted bombs dropped on terror camps after 40 indian jawans were killed.
bombs should be dropped, people replied.
rahul baba and (madhya pradesh chief minister) kamal nath, listen carefully.
if you want to talk to terrorists, do it.
we have no issues, shah said.
but this is a bjp government.
narendra modi is prime minister.
if a bullet is fired from pakistan, a (bomb) shell will be hurled in response (by india), shah added.
he also hit out at opposition leaders including sp chief akhilesh yadav and bsp supremo mayawati for questioning the balakot air strike.
by ptishimla: holding rajiv gandhi responsible for the 1984 anti-sikh riots, himachal pradesh bjp chief satpal singh satti on saturday said bharat ratna conferred on the late prime minister must be withdrawn to heal the wounds of the sikh community.
issuing a statement here, satti claimed that over 5000 sikhs were burnt alive in the country including the capital delhi and rajiv gandhi had justified it by allegedly saying that when a big tree falls, the earth shakes.
this statement of rajiv gandhi instigated congress workers to kill sikhs and no case was registered against the killers at rajiv's behest.
if some honest police officers registered a few cases, the congress ensured that the culprits were released, he said.
it was due to the efforts of prime minister narendra modi that senior congress leader sajjan kumar got life sentence for killing sikhs, the state bharatiya janata party chief added.
follow our election coverage heresatti slammed congress president rahul gandhi for appointing senior party leader kamal nath, who was responsible for the riots, as the chief minister of madhya pradesh.
he also claimed that the recent 'hua so hua' remark by congress leader sampitroda had rubbed salt on the injuries of the sikhs.
also read| sampitroda apologises for remarks on sikh riots, says his words twisted due to his 'bad hindi'pitroda, a close aide of rahul gandhi and overseas congress' head, on thursday said, 'hua to hua' (so what, it happened) about the anti-sikh riots.
he made this remark in response to a question on the riots by a newsman in dharamshala in himachal pradesh.
the previous congress government committed a crime by conferring the highest civilian award on rajiv gandhi posthumously, he said.
by ptinew delhi: over 200 delhi university teachers have issued a public statement condemning prime minister narendra modi for making derogatory and untrue remarks about former pm rajiv gandhi.
their statement came after modi in a rally on saturday targeted congress president rahul gandhi on the rafale issue and said your father was termed 'mr clean' by his courtiers, but his life ended as 'bhrashtachari no 1' (corrupt number 1).
narendra modi has lowered the dignity of the office of the prime minister by making derogatory and untrue remarks about the late rajivji, who made the supreme sacrifice in the service of the nation, the statement issued monday night and signed by 207 teachers read.
no prime minister has ever stooped to this level through such actions as has modi, it said.
the statement has also been tweeted by the gandhi family's close aide and congress leader sam pitroda.
the nation acknowledges the achievements of former prime minister rajiv gandhi, they said in the statement.
history records the deeds of the good and the noble, but rarely does it pay attention to the carping of lesser individuals, it read.
the statement had references to the 1999 kargil war and the telecommunication revolution when rajiv gandhi was prime minister.
when india beat back the invaders from kargil, our soldiers shouted slogans praising rajiv gandhi for the bofors gun even though rajivji had been martyred a decade ago, the statement read.
if our it companies earn, each year, billions of dollars in foreign revenue it is because of the farsighted wisdom of rajivji.
if india is connected as a nation through the advances in the telecom sector it is because of the policies and actions of rajivji, it said.
according to the statement, if train travel is so much more convenient today it is because of his (rajiv gandhi) acumen in computerising rail reservation.
the statement was also signed by former delhi university teachers' association (duta) president aditya narayan misra, two du executive council members, three academic council members, duta vice president and joint secretary, and a member of the varsity's finance committee.
new delhi: in a major relief to congress leaders, sonia and rahul gandhi, a delhi court on monday dismissed bjp leader subramaniam swamys plea seeking certain documents from the congress party and associated journals ltd (ajl) in the national herald case.
metropolitan magistrate lovleen rejected swamys application while giving him the last opportunity to submit the list of complainant witnesses in the case in which he has accused the gandhis and others of conspiring to cheat and misappropriate funds by paying just rs 50 lakh through which young indian pvt ltd obtained the right to recover rs 90.
25 crores which ajl owed to the congress.
court in its order observed, at the very outset, this court must observe that by using the terms verify/see/investigate, the complainant admits that he himself is not aware of the contents of the said documents.
in these circumstances, the prayer of the complainant is nothing but a fishing enquiry which is not permitted under the law.
.
.
this court feels that by seeking the documents, the complainant seems to enlarging the scope of present proceedings.
meanwhile, swamy is gearing up to move the supreme court challenging the order.
he tweeted, its a perverse order and i shall appeal.
the court has slated the next hearing for feb 10.
on swamys plea, the trial court had sought documents from ministries of finance and urban development, department of corporate affairs and income tax department and 2010-11 balance sheet of the congress party in the case, which were submitted by the inc and ajl on april 8.
but the order was stayed by the delhi high court.
swamy then filed a fresh application before the trial court seeking to summon of certain documents while the congress leaders and ajl sought the return of documents including its balance sheet, which had been submitted to the court.
the court had in 2014 summoned sonia, rahul, motilal vora, oscar fernandes, suman dubey and sampitroda as accused in the case besides yi and granted them bail in december 2015.
they were summoned for alleged offences under section 403 (dishonest misappropriation of property), 406 (criminal breach of trust) and 420 (cheating) (criminal conspiracy) of the ipc.
gandhis and other accused have denied the allegations levelled against them.
new delhi: congress president sonia gandhi and vice president rahul gandhi have accused bjp leader subramanian swamy of seeking fishing and roving enquiry in the national herald case by calling for certain documents from the party and the associated journals ltd (ajl).
the congress top brass has claimed before a delhi court that swamy wants to make out a new case against it by taking recourse of a fishing probe in the matter.
the gandhis, who along with leaders like motilal vora, oscar fernandes, suman dubey and sampitroda are accused in the case, have also opposed swamy's contention seeking summoning of income tax records from congress party and ajl, saying these entities were not accused and hence their records cannot and should not be disclosed for maintaining their confidentiality.
the vehement opposition to swamy's submissions was made in the written reply filed before the court by the gandhis and others before metropolitan magistrate lovleen.
they also sought dismissal of swamy's plea with exemplary costs.
swamy has accused them of allegedly conspiring to cheat and misappropriate funds by just paying rs 50 lakh by which young indian pvt ltd (yi) obtained the right to recover rs 90.
25 crore which ajl owed to the congress party.
all accused have denied the allegations levelled against them.
the court had issued notices to gandhis and the other accused and the company young indian pvt ltd on august 27, seeking their replies within two weeks.
the court has posted the matter for further hearing on october 4.
the complainant (swamy) has set up a particular case and it is his duty to prove the same.
however, the present application contemplates to create a situation where a 'fishing and roving enquiry' could be set into motion beyond the scope of averments made in the complaint and case set up by the complainant in case the application is allowed.
.
.
the complainant through this application is seeking to call for documents without divulging their necessity and desirability on the basis of the allegations made by him in his complaint.
thereby, the complainant seeks to access documents in an attempt to make out a new case, the reply said, adding that the endeavour of the complaint of not providing a list of witnesses also shows the malafide nature of the current application.
by ptishimla: punjab minister navjot singh sidhu wednesday called prime minister narendra modi the biggest liar, accusing him of not fulfilling his election promises.
the cricketer-turned-politician, who was briefly banned by the election commission from campaigning earlier, also called modi feku no.
1 suggesting that the prime minister makes empty boasts.
modi talks of hindutva but does not adhere to its principles, he said at an election rally at bilaspur in hamirpur lok sabha constituency.
my mother was a kshatriya.
she used to say raghukul reet sada chali aayi, pran jaye par vachan na jaye (one should keep promises even at the cost of death).
but he has not fulfilled most of the 342 promises he made during the last elections, he said.
meanwhile, union minister smriti irani attacked congress chief rahul gandhi during a rally at palampur in kangra constituency, saying, will rahul gandhi apologise to the nation for his guru sam pitroda's remarks on the anti-sikh riots.
follow our election coverage heresmriti irani also flayed the trinamool congress (tmc) for violence during bjp president amit shah's roadshow in kolkata on tuesday.
your vote will also enable modi to eliminate the autocracy of the tmc, she told voters.
the congress has fielded mla pawan kajal against himachal minister kishan kapoor from kangra.
former bcci president and three-time mp anurag thakur is contesting against sri naina devi mla ram lal thakur from hamirpur.
by ptisheohar (bihar): the country has moved from times when pakistan-backed terrorists used to walk inside our territory, killing our soldiers and mutilating their bodies evoking lucklustre response from the government, bjp president amit shah said monday and urged people to vote back narendra modi to secure the country from cross-border terrorism.
referring to surgical strikes first after uri terrorists attack and then in the wake of pulwama killing of 40 crpf jawans, the bjp chief said while the countrymen rejoiced over valor of armed forces, rahul gandhi led congress and his allies like lalu prasad's rjd had gone into mourning.
calling prime minister narendra modi the man with a 56- inch-chest, bjp president amit shah said people should vote him back to power for just one reason that he has made the country secure against cross-border terrorism.
addressing a rally at madhuban in east champaran district which falls under sheohar lok sabha segment, shah said your local mp rama devi has done a lot and enumerating these would take me long.
follow our election coverage herebut i would request you to forget all other things and vote for modi for just one reason.
that reason is, modi has made the country secure against cross-border terrorism.
you all can recall the times when pakistan-sponsored terrorists used to walk inside our territory, kill our soldiers and mutilate their bodies evoking a lackluster response from the government of mauni baba (a derisive reference to former pm manmohan singh) and rahul (gandhi) baba, shah said.
contrast that with the surgical strikes after uri.
pakistan did not learn its lessons and pulwama happened and they swiftly massed troops across the borders fearing another surgical strike.
but our narendra modi is a chhappan inch ki chhati wala mard (the man with a 56-inch chest).
he commissioned the air force to do the needful and the hideout of those responsible for pulwama was blown to smithereens in balakot, the bjp chief said evoking wild applause.
you people are rejoicing here at the description of the valor of our armed forces.
but rahul babas congress and his allies like lalu prasads rjd had gone into mourning.
they petulantly demanded a proof from us when all they had to do was to watch the pakistani news channels where the shock resulting from the air strikes was visible, shah said.
rahul babas advisor sampitroda came up with the nave suggestion that we should have treated the terrorists who killed our 40 crpf jawans as young lads gone wayward and engaged them in talks.
tell me, can we engage in discussions with such elements, the bjp president said evoking a resounding nahin (no) from the crowds.
rahul babas ally omar abdullah (national conference leader, former chief minister) has come up with the idea of restoring the post of prime minister for the state.
can a country have more than one prime minister!
these people are helping pakistan which has the agenda of snatching away kashmir from india, he said.
but let them understand very clearly, the bjp will thwart any such secessionist designs even if it ceases to be in power.
to cement the position of kashmir as an integral part of india we will root out (ukhaad phenkenge) article 370 when we return to power, the bjp chief whose party has promised doing away with the special status to the restive state in its manifesto, said.
during election campaign, i have got the opportunity to travel across the country and come across people speaking different languages and having varied customs.
at all places i have found the chants of modi!
modi!
modi!
modi!
it is evident that he is going to be back as the prime minister, shah claimed.
shah had reached the bihar capital late sunday night and is scheduled to cover the state with as many as five rallies during the day followed by another public meeting on tuesday.
the last two phases of general elections, which cover 16 lok sabha constituencies of the state where the total number is 40, are extremely crucial for the bjp which had won 12 of these.
by ptinew delhi: congress leader sampitroda monday reacted strongly to prime minister narendra modi's remark that former pm rajiv gandhi died as corrupt number 1, and said he cannot believe that a man from the land of mahatma gandhi would go to this level.
at a rally in uttar pradesh saturday, modi targeted congress president rahul gandhi, saying, your father was termed mr clean by his courtiers, but his life ended as bhrashtachari no 1 (corrupt number 1), modi had said.
on monday, pitroda told a press conference here, i cannot believe that a man from mahatma gandhi's soil gujarat would go to that level and make a comment on someone who died with great honour.
mahatma gandhi was born in the coastal town of porbandar in gujarat on october 2, 1869.
prime minister modi also hails from the state.
pitroda, a longtime gandhi family adviser and the indian overseas congress chief, also said, i had the privilege of working with rajiv gandhi when he was (party's) general secretary and then when he was the prime minister.
i just want people to remember that all the modern technology -- including cellphones - that we enjoy today came during the rajiv gandhi era.
he added that it was rajiv gandhi's political will that gave meaning to my life and the work i did in india.
pitroda is credited with being the architect of the telecom revolution in india under rajiv gandhi.
i am convinced that mr.modi is all shaken up based on the results of the first four phases (of lok sabha polls).
he will be more shaken up based on the results of the fifth phase.
at the end of the day, he really doesn't have much to talk about in terms of accomplishments, pitroda said.
as opposed to talking about your performance, they go attack people like rajiv gandhi.
what a shame that you have to get to that level.
i am very upset that a prime minister from mahatma gandhi's soil would go to this level, he added.
new delhi: the patiala house court will today hear a plea filed by rajya sabha mp and bjp leader subramaniam swamy in a case related to the national herald case.
in august, the court issued notices to congress party president sonia gandhi, vice-president rahul gandhi and five others on swamy's application seeking presentation of certain documents from associated journals pvt.
ltd (ajl) and indian national congress (inc) in connection with the national herald case.
the court had on march 11 given its nod to swamy's plea, seeking the balance sheets of the inc and the ajl for the purpose of investigation in this case.
in an application moved before metropolitan magistrate lovleen, swamy sought to summon the balance sheet, receipts, income and expenditure statements for assessment years 2010- 11, 2011-12 and 2012-13 of the inc, ajl and young indian pvt.
ltd. (yi)besides the congress president and her son, motilal vora, oscar fernandes, suman dubey and sampitroda are the other accused in this case.
swamy had accused sonia, rahul and others of conspiring to cheat and misappropriate funds by just paying rs. 50 lakh by which yi obtained the right to recover rs. 90.
25 crores which the ajl had owed to the congress.
by aninew delhi: drawing a comparison between german dictator adolf hitler and prime minister narendra modi, indian overseas congress chief sampitroda on saturday said the prime minister, too, made nationalism an issue like hitler.
pitroda's remark came in response to a question on paradoxical statements regarding the apparent destruction of the idea of india by modi and the bjp versus the saffron party making nationalism a key issue in the ongoing polls.
no, i don't think it's paradoxical, you could be a dictator and make nationalism as an issue.
you know who did that - hitler.
let's not confuse what i am talking about - attacking the idea of india from the viewpoint of firstly democracy which i believe has been hijacked.
secondly, freedom, of the fact that people are afraid to speak up bothers me.
thirdly, the truth that you start lying, you promote lies when you attack everybody individually, he said in an interview to ani.
follow our full election coverage heretaking a pot shot at modi's 56-inch chest remark, pitroda said the nation wants a prime minister who has some dignity, respect for others, a big heart and not a big chest.
he went on to say that a prime minister should be one who is accommodating, loving, caring, and compassionate and not somebody who lies, twist facts and creates fear among people.
how can the prime minister of a country who represents 1.
3 billion people just lie openly and live with it and keep repeating it?
it is a shame for me as a citizen that my prime minister had to get to that level.
why would my prime minister get personal?
i am a proud indian and i want my prime minister to have some dignity, some respect for others, big heart and not a big chest.
the prime minister should be one who is accommodating, loving, caring, and compassionate and not somebody who lies, twists facts, and creates fear, he said.
pitroda, a confidant of congress president rahul gandhi, said that a person who has a contrasting opinion on a particular matter cannot be tagged as anti-national.
when we talk about nationalism, everybody is a nationalist, just because i criticise something you can't say i am not a nationalist, we are all nationalists.
you may have a different opinion on something that's perfectly alright in a democracy.
just because you have a different opinion i can't start attacking you saying you are anti-national.
the nationalist idea is overdone and people now know that.
people know that the facts are very different, fact is you have not delivered, pitroda said.
when asked if bjp has made nationalism and national security the main issue in the ongoing polls, he said, true, but bjp made it (nationalism and national security) a national issue because they have nothing else to talk about.
they should talk about jobs, the economy, women's safety, farmers' issue.
they are talking about national security but are they actually doing well in terms of security?
i think we need to ask questions that people want to ask.
whenever you ask questions like we did last time, people react and the prime minster tweets and head of the bjp holds a press conference to answer.
in a democracy, you must ask questions, he emphasised.
by ptipanipat: bjp chief amit shah sunday said the nation's security will remain the saffron party's supreme priority as he attacked the opposition including the congress for allegedly demanding proof of the balakot air strikes.
addressing a rally here, shah also called upon the people to vote for the bharatiya janata party (bjp) as prime minister narendra modi had made the country secure.
there were only two countries who avenged the killing of their soldiers-- america and israel.
but modi ji has added the name of india in this list, shah said referring to the air strikes in pakistan following the death of 40 crpf jawans in pulwama.
shah lashed out at the opposition especially congress chief rahul gandhi for demanding proof of the air strikes.
everybody was celebrating it (balakot strikes).
but there was mourning at two places-- pakistan and rahul (gandhi) baba's office.
modi ji killed pakistan's terrorists but why were their (opposition) faces pale?
were they (terrorists) related to you?
asked shah.
they were worried about their vote bank, he said.
if you have any common sense, see pakistan tv channels and find out why people there were crying.
it will reveal what happened there, he said further.
follow our election coverage herethe bjp president also targeted congress leader sampitroda , a long-time gandhi family advisor and a key aide of the gandhi scion.
people of panipat, you tell me whether we should talk to them if our 40 jawans are killed?
, asked shah.
the bjp chief further said that the congress can continue sympathising with the terrorists but if any bullet is fired from pakistan, we will reply with a bomb.
there will never be a compromise on national security.
elections come and go but the bjp will never compromise on national security.
country's security will remain our supreme priority, he said.
attacking the congress-led upa rule of 10 years, shah alleged that soldiers deployed at the border used to be beheaded by pakistan but 'mauni baba', referring to former prime minister manmohan singh remained silent.
i can never forget the incident of beheading of hemraj (soldier) but mauni baba remained mum, he said.
after pulwama attack in which our 40 jawans were killed, there was anger across the country.
pakistan secured its border by deploying more soldiers and tanks in anticipation of another surgical strike.
but modi ji showed his 56-inch chest and the indian air force bombed balakot, he added.
on january 8, 2013, lance naik hemraj was beheaded by pakistan's border action team along the indo-pak border, triggering a nationwide outrage.
shah further told the gathering that the bjp government was committed to throw out all infiltrators and slammed opposition leaders including rahul gandhi, tmc chief mamata banerjee, ncp chief sharad pawar, cpi leader sita ram yechury among others for opposing the government.
you tell me should we not throw infiltrators out of our country.
modi ji brought national register of citizens (nrc).
assam has 40 lakh infiltrators, he said, adding that the opposition was worried about where the infiltrators will go and what will they eat.
rahul baba do these infiltrators who carry out bomb blasts and kill innocents here have human rights?
you do not have any concern for those who are killed.
these infiltrators are like termites and they should be thrown out, he said.
i want to tell you from this historic land of panipat that if you elect modi ji as pm again, each infiltrator from kashmir to kanyakumari and kolkata to kutch will be thrown out, he told the crowd.
shah also condemned national conference leader omar abdullah for suggesting that the nomenclature 'wazir-e-azam' (prime minister) and 'sadr-e-riyasat' (governor) will be brought back in the state if it is voted to power.
omar abdullah said he wants second prime minister in kashmir.
mar and congress are fighting polls in alliance.
i want to ask rahul baba whether he agrees with omar's remarks, shah said.
can there be two pms in one country?
friends they want to separate kashmir from the country.
but the bjp workers will never allow kashmir to be separated from india as it an integral part of india.
make us victorious.
we have promised that we will scrap article 370 (granting special status to j-k), he said.
seeking support for bjp candidate from karnal parliamentary seat sanjay bhatia, shah said: if modi ji is at the centre and manohar lal khattar is here, then haryana will progress.
we will make haryana number one state in the country.
shah also lashed out at the previous regimes in the state and accused the congress of indulging in corruption and the inld led by the chautalas of failing to curb lawlessness.
by ptishimla: bjp president amit shah sunday said article 370 that gives special powers to kashmir will be scrapped if narendra modi is elected as prime minister again.
addressing his first rally at chogan maidan in chamba district, shah said former jammu and kashmir chief minister omar abdullah said there should be another prime minister for the state whereas congress in its manifesto declared it will review afspa in kashmir and amend provisions of sedition law.
all this indicated their mindset but if the bjp comes to power again and modi becomes prime minister, article 370 will be removed for sure, he added.
follow our election coverage herethe bjp chief is campaigning in support of kangra bjp candidate kishan kapoor.
targeting the congress on the issue of national security, he said the manmohan singh led previous congress government did nothing when pakistan beheaded five india soldiers but under modi rule airstrikes were carried out in balakot.
targeting pitroda further, the bjp chief said, if you ask a question regarding the 1984 anti-sikh riots, the congress says 'hua to hua'.
if you ask a question regarding the 26/11 attacks in mumbai and migration of kashmiri pandits, congress says 'hua to hua.
'shah also noted that it was for the first time that the opposition has not made corruption an issue as it has been wiped out during the modi government.
counting various development works done in hp under the modi government, shah said, process is on to set up an international airport at mandi.
it will be done after modi government comes to power again at the centre.
hp cm jai ram thakur and veteran bjp leader shanta kumar were present in the rally.
congress has pitted sitting mla pawan kajal against hp minister kishan kapoor from kangra.
the bjp chief is scheduled to address two more rallies later in the day in hp's bilaspur and nahan in support of bjp candidates anurag thakur and suresh kashyap from hamirpur and shimla lok sabha seats respectively.
by online deskindian overseas congress chief and aide of party chief rahul gandhi sampitroda on friday said that he was misrepresented over his jo hua toh hua remark over the 1984 anti-sikh riots and expressed regret over the controversial statement.
what i meant was move on.
we have other issues to discuss as to what bjp government did and what it delivered.
i feel sorry that my remark was misrepresented, i apologise.
this has been blown out of proportion.
the statement i made was completely twisted, taken out of context because my hindi isnt good, what i meant was jo hua vo bura hua, i couldnt translate bura in my mind,  pitroda clarified.
earlier, the bjp demanded an apology from upa chairperson sonia gandhi and congress president rahul gandhi over pitroda's remarks.
we demand that sonia gandhi and rahul gandhi must apologise for the worst comments made by sampitroda which has hurt the people of the country, union minister prakash javadekar told the media here at his residence in delhi.
pitroda had on thursday brushed off the 1984 anti-sikh riots saying, it happened in 1984, so what?
on friday, pitroda accused the bjp of twisting and distorting facts from his comments to divide the people and hide its failures.
i acknowledged the pain of my sikh brothers and sisters during difficult times in 1984 and deeply feel for the atrocities that happened.
but these are things from past that are not really relevant to this election which is all about what did modi government do for the last five years.
rajiv gandhi and rahul gandhi will never target a group of people based on creed, he said in a series of tweets.
reacting to his clarification, javadekar said that pitroda's explanation was even more dangerous as he acknowledged the pain of the sikh community while saying that it was not relevant today.
when sikhs have not got justice how it is not relevant today?
it is relevant today because it is an unsolved saga of atrocities and if atrocities and genocide against sikhs are not relevant than tomorrow sampitroda will say partition is not relevant, ethnic cleansing of kashmiri pandits is not relevant.
he will say communal politics in shah bano case is also not relevant today.
it is relevant because these are issues faced by the nation and nation has to debate it during elections, javadekar added.
slamming pitroda for his remarks that late prime minister rajiv gandhi and rahul gandhi will never target a group of people based on creed, the union minister asked will he explain the justification of genocide by rajiv gandhi when he said when big tree falls, earth trembles.
is this not supporting genocide?
he asked.
by anidharamshala(hp): indian overseas congress chief sampitroda on thursday brushed off 1984 anti-sikh riots saying happened in 1984, so what.
on being asked to respond on the bjp's claim citing the nanavati commission report that the instructions for the violence had come from late rajiv gandhi who had taken up the post of prime minister after his mother indira gandhi was assassinated, pitroda furiously told ani, i don't think so, this is also another lie, and what about 1984?
you speak about what you have done in five years.
it happened in 1984, so what?
(1984 hua toh hua).
what have you done?
(ab kya hai '84 ka?
aapne kya kiya 5 saal mein, uski baat kariye.
'84 mein hua to hua.
aapne kya kiya?
).
follow our election coverage hereyou were voted to create jobs.
you were voted to create 200 smart cities.
you have not even done that.
you have not done anything that is why you keep talking here and there, he added.
also read| bjp and sad slam congress for sam pitroda's 1984 remarksearlier in the day, senior congress leader sheila dikshit expressed disappointment over bjp's allegation of rajiv gandhi's 'involvement' in the 1984 anti-sikh riots.
asked about bjp's claim, dikshit told ani, why would rajiv gandhi do that?
his mother had been killed, why would he instruct?
he was deeply hurt.
does the bjp act like this?
i am really disappointed.
it's on record of nanavati commission that probed the 1984 anti-sikh riots, the biggest genocide of india in which the government killed its own citizens, that instructions to kill came directly from the then pm rajiv gandhi's office, the bjp's had tweeted earlier today.
also read| debate with me, i am also a gujarati: sampitroda challenges pm modithe anti-sikh riots took place after the assassination of former prime minister indira gandhi.
according to official records, about 2,800 sikhs were killed across india, including 2,100 in delhi, during the pogrom that broke out after then prime minister indira gandhi was assassinated by her sikh bodyguards.
by ptinew delhi: a delhi court friday deferred to august 30 the cross-examination of bjp leader subramanian swamy in the national herald case filed by him against congress leader rahul gandhi, his mother sonia gandhi and others.
additional chief metropolitan magistrate samar vishal deferred the matter after an adjournment was sought by swamy, who said that he had to attend the parliament.
he informed the court that a whip was issued by the bjp directing all the members to be present in parliament for the union budget session.
the court has now posted the matter for further hearing on august 30.
the bjp leader is being cross examined by gandhi's lawyers.
swamy, in a private criminal complaint, had accused the gandhis and others of conspiring to cheat and misappropriate funds by paying just rs 50 lakh, through which the young indian (yi) private limited obtained the right to recover the rs 90.
25 crore the associate journals limited owed to the congress.
all the seven accused in the case -- sonia and rahul gandhi, vora, senior congress leaders oscar fernandes, suman dubey and sampitroda and the yi -- have denied the allegations levelled against them.
the gandhis, vora, fernandes, dubey and pitroda are accused of misappropriation of property, criminal breach of trust, cheating and criminal conspiracy.
by iansnew delhi: congress leader navjot singh sidhu on monday attacked prime minister narendra modi and the central government over what he called were their failed policies.
in an about hour-long press conference, sidhu claimed that most of the central government's schemes have failed to attract success and have been a failure.
sidhu alleged that schemes like mudra have been unable to help the youth as the average loan sanctioned in the scheme was only rs 46,000.
according to him, an rti information had revealed that barely 1 per cent of applications were able to receive loan above rs 5 lakh.
mudhra yojana, which modiji claims has helped the youth to set up businesses, has been a big failure as only 1 per cent of the applications could receive loans above rs 5 lakh.
the average loan amount has also been very low, said sidhu.
also read: nobody must say i was silent when india was being destroyed under pm modi, says navjot singh sidhuthe skill india, which modi promoted, had almost 40 per cent ghost entries, he said.
moreover, he claimed that the central government could not manage to fulfil the target of 40 crore trainees by 2020 and had only been able to train 41 lakh people our of which only 6 lakh had got jobs.
we believe that 40 per cent of the entries in these centres were ghost (entries) and this requires an investigation.
referring to the supreme court's observation, sidhu highlighted that the central government had been cleaning the river ganga at a very slow pace and the scheme had got only rs 6,000 crore of the planned rs 20,000 crore.
it was the supreme court's observation that the rate at which the government is cleaning the ganga it would take 200 years to make ganga clean again, sidhu said.
at the press conference, sampitroda also criticized the prime minister for his remarks on late prime minister rajiv gandhi.
how can someone who comes from gujarat, where mahatma gandhi came from, speak such things?
it shows modi has gone into a panic mode and knows that he is going to lose (the elections), pitroda said.
by express news servicekochi/thrissur : coming down heavily on congress president rahul gandhi for seeking evidence on indias airstrike at balakot, bjp national president amit shah on tuesday said the country will give a fitting reply to the terrorists and their supporters if they dare to attack india again.
when the entire nation was backing balakot airstrike, rahul gandhi was seeking evidence of military action from the government.
when the upa government ruled the nation for 10 years, terrorists were entering india and carrying out attacks.
but no action was taken.
when 40 jawans were martyred at pulwama, we retaliated with airstrikes destroying the terrorist camps.
if they fire a bullet, we will fire a missile.
bjp has zero tolerance for terrorists.
rahul gandhi and his friend sampitroda want talks with the terrorists.
there will not be any talks but only action if they attack, he said at the election rally in athani near aluva.
nda lok sabha chalakkudi candidate a n radhakrishnan handing over tender coconuts to bjp national president amit shah during the election campaign at athani near aluva on tuesday | a saneshhe said kashmir will remain part of india until life exists in each and every bjp worker.
taking a jibe at the congress president, he said when rahul gandhi demands poverty eradication, he should remember that his family ruled india and could not do anything.
he took on the cpm government on sabarimala issue and said bjp will be with ayyappa devotees like a strong wall.
i warn the communist government against its action in sabarimala and hurting sentiments of thedevotees.
more than 2000 devotees are still in jail and 32,000 were arrested by the government.
in our sankalp patra we have promised constitutional protection to sabarimala devotees.
bjp will stand with sabarimala devotees, he said.
amit shah lashes out at ldf govt for its lethargyhe also lashed at the ldf government claiming that due to the lethargy of the state government several projects allotted by the central government could not be implemented in time.
the state government could not complete the land acquisition for major projects like aiims, iit and kanjikode coach manufacturing facility.
for several projects, the state government has not issued a licence.
the cpm and the congress are blocking the development of kerala, he said.
he also slammed the human rights activists and said that no voice was raised against increasing mob lynching incidents in kerala.
the data reveals that in a year 225 mob lynching incident took place in kerala.
where are those champions of human rights?
why are they maintaining silence, he added.
earlier at thrissur, slamming chief minister pinarayi vijayan for the political violence in the state, bjp national president amit shah on tuesday said most political killings took place in pinarayis own district.
follow our election coverage herebjp and rss lost 120 of their workers in kerala to communist violence.
after pinarayi became chief minister, over 40 rss activists were killed.
of the political murders, most happened in his own district.
why is this happening?
who is protecting them?
shah said at the public rally here as part of the election campaign for ndas thrissur candidate suresh gopi.
he also used the report, filed by the high court-appointed amicus curiae that investigated the reasons and impact of last years devastating mid-august floods, to slam the pinarayi government.
when the narendra modi-led union government took up an array of developmental activities, the kerala government performed poorly.
this is evident in the amicus curiae report, which clearly points out that mismanagement of dams caused the floods that left hundreds dead.
the report also mentions the state government did not use the centres assistance efficiently during the disaster, shah said.
ndas efforts for keralashah also listed, along with their outlay, the various developmental activities the nda government took up for kerala.
they included the 64,000 crore for national highway development, rs 25,000 crore for vizhinjam, rs 16,600 crore via sagar mala project and others.
sabarimala invokedon the election commission notice issued to gopi for using the word ayyan in his campaign speech, shah said bjp will stand shoulder to shoulder with the devotees in their fight to protect the traditions of sabarimala.
several court verdicts remain unimplemented in this country.
then why is the pinarayi government keen on implementing only the sabarimala verdict?
will he do the same for other supreme court judgments, too?
he wondered.
suresh gopi speaksin a jibe at the agriculture minister and thrissur mla v s sunilkumar, gopi presented statistics to compare the agriculture scenario of kerala with the bjp-ruled states.
in states where bjp-backed governments rule, the rate of agricultural land is being increased by utilising barren lands for farming.
however, in kerala, the trend that they claim is happening is far lesser, he said.
gopi said the communist government which keeps on killing its political opponents will get its reply in the elections.
if a fair cbi inquiry is done on the political murders in the state, some parties will not have candidates left to field in the elections, he said.
iuml files complaint against shahkochi: the indian union muslim league (iuml), on tuesday, filed a complaint to the election commission against bjp president amit shah for his speech in which he referred to wayanad and other areas of kerala as pakistani territory.
the iuml requested the ec to initiate appropriate punitive measures including disabling all his social media accounts for making such baseless, malicious, irresponsible communal statements.
by ptiindore: prime minister narendra modi launched a sharp attack on congress president rahul gandhi on sunday, saying dynasty can take him to the top position of a party, but it doesn't bring vision and wisdom.
addressing a rally in indore, modi expressed confidence about his re-election, claiming that while there was anti-incumbency against the congress-led upa government in 2014, there is pro-incumbency now.
he said people from kanyakumari to kashmir have decided to re-elect his government.
follow our election coverage herehe said the congress's arrogance reflected in its senior leader sam pitroda's remark hua toh hua about the 1984 anti-sikh riots.
addressing the rally in indore, the commercial capital of madhya pradesh, the prime minister said that a mechanism would be put in place to strengthen start-ups.
my government has given importance to technology and transparency in the last five years.
we will strengthen the funding mechanism of start ups in the next five years, modi said, adding that india had become the third largest start-up ecosystem in the world.
by iansnew delhi: unlike in the bihar assembly elections, the muslim vote has split between the congress and the sp-bsp alliance in the lok sabha elections in uttar pradesh, former external affairs minister salman khurshid says.
in an interview with ians, he said prime minister narendra modi was changing the course of the debate during campaigning because he knew he is losing and is desperate.
khurshid, who contested from farrukhabad in uttar pradesh, said the muslim community in the sprawling state has not voted strategically as it did in the 2015 bihar assembly elections and that the votes have fragmented in several places.
muslim vote has varied.
it has gone very, very concentrated, it's gone to congress at some places.
at some places it is divided between the gathbandhan and the congress.
at some places it may have predominantly gone to the gathbandhan.
but muslims did not vote like they voted in bihar.
last time, bihar had voted strategically, there was no fragmentation, he said.
follow our elections coverage herethe congress leader said that the minority vote's fragmentation was a sad affair.
muslim voter is in two minds in many, many places, which is a sad thing because this is a parliamentary election and their future frankly lies with the congress or a national party.
fragmenting their vote is not such a good idea but you can't blame the voter.
the voter is concerned about local affiliations and other things, he said.
khurshid, a former uttar pradesh congress chief, said his was a closely contested battle.
i don't know how the dust will settle.
the congress leader also said that this time modi was not in control of the campaign as he was in 2014.
read: muslims silent but very tactical in uttar pradeshhe is changing course because he is desperate.
he knows he is losing and he is desperate.
you just compare the last campaign with this campaign.
he was in control of that campaign but he is not in control of this campaign, he said.
asked if congress' thrust on economic issues and those concerning the common man had been lost due to perceived name-calling towards the last phases of lok sabha polls, khurshid said his party had stayed on course.
till the time we fought our election, only core issues were there.
in later stages, modi had gone on to an extreme, one or two things have happened.
by and large, we have been able to stick to what we were doing.
.
.
i think we have stuck to our strategy, he said.
admitting that there had been some sparring between the leaders of the congress and the bharatiya janata party (bjp), he said the congress candidates were told by the leadership to stick to the manifesto.
modi was pushing it very hard but.
.
.
we stuck to our brief.
it was a fairly comfortable argument about the issues we raised and we got a good response.
he said the congress fought the election the way it had planned.
we have no regrets about anything having got out of our hand or gone wrong.
on the controversial remarks made by sampitroda and mani shankar aiyar, he said these were blown out of proportion and were non-issues.
the media blew them out of proportion and the party had no option but to take a position.
frankly (these were) non-issues.
these are things that have already happened.
whatever is the congress position on all these things is well known, khurshid said.
he said dragging something out of context was unfair.
modi pushes it, he is still saying it in his speeches and the media picks it up.
pitroda apologized, nevertheless, he (modi) is still going on.
(prashant sood can be contacted at prashant.
s@ians.
by ptiratlam: tearing into congress leader sam pitroda's hua to hua (whatever happened, happened) remark on the 1984 anti-sikh riots, prime minister narendra modi monday said people are now saying enough is enough in response.
he sought to dismiss claims by pundits and planted reports from delhi that there was no modi wave.
the wave is coming out from each home, he said.
addressing an election rally here in madhya pradesh, modi said in incidents like the bhopal gas tragedy and scams like cwg, 2g spectrum and coal allocation happened under the watch of the rahul gandhi-led party, which brazenly says hua to hua.
modi also reiterated his claim that the gandhis used warship ins viraat for picnic.
but when questions were raised about it, the congress said hua to hua, he added.
jawans died in terror and naxal attacks, but the congress kept saying, hua to hua, he said.
replying to a reporter's question on the 1984 riots, pitroda, a close aide of rahul gandhi and head of the overseas congress said last week, hua to hua.
follow our election coverage here'hua to hua' are not mere three words, they reflect the ideology and arrogance of the congress.
people are now saying 'enough is enough' in response to it, modi said.
'hua to hua' is the congress' answer to scams, he said.
these 'mahamilavati' people are saying 'hua to hua', but the country is now saying 'mahamilavati logon ab bahut hua' (enough is enough), he said, referring to the coming together of congress and like-minded parties against the bjp.
poor people who never got pucca houses, electricity, lpg and toilets during congress era due to its hua to hua casual approach are now saying enough is enough, modi said.
targeting the kamal nath government in mp over its failure to implement farmers loan waiver promise, modi likened people to god and said, the congress cheated god.
the congress has objections in raising the bharat mata ki jai slogan, he said.
without naming rahul gandhi, modi said the naamdar begins his speeches abusing him.
modi attributed the failure of senior congress leader digvijay singh, contesting the lok sabha polls from bhopal seat, to cast his vote to internal bickering within the party.
it also reflects the arrogance of the congress leader as when the entire country, including the president, myself and others went to vote, singh did not go to vote as he was afraid, modi said.
on the pm-kisan scheme, under which rs 6,000 per annum are transferred to the accounts of farmers who have less than five acres of land, modi said after the lok sabha polls, the five-acre condition would be removed, and more cultivators would be covered.
modi criticised the congress for neglecting tribals.
tribals exist in this country from the time of lord ram.
four generations of a family served as pm after independence but they couldnt see the tribals.
it was atal bihari vajpayee who set up a separate tribal ministry for tribals, modi said.
by aniballia (up): bjp president amit shah on thursday asserted that whether the bjp government stays or goes nobody can take kashmir away from india till party leaders are alive,omar abdullah said that kashmir should have a separate prime minister.
how can a country have two prime ministers?
these people want to separate kashmir from india.
rahul gandhi and omar abdullah should know that kashmir is india's inseparable part and till the day bjp's leaders are alive, nobody can take kashmir away from us.
reinstate narendra modi as our pm and we would remove article 370, he said.
follow our election coverage hereshah said that congress was thinking of removing sedition law which the bjp would never allow.
congress says sedition law will be repealed.
people like zakir naik who kept spreading terrorism have run away from the country fearing pm modi.
he says that he will return when a congress or gathbandhan government comes to power.
we challenge him to set foot on indian shores; if he does, we will surely put him behind the bars, he said.
he appealed the people of ballia to not vote for development but vote for national security.
we said that if you want to appease terrorists, you do it but we would never forgive those who disrupt peace within our borders.
if pakistan fires a bullet, we will surely bomb them.
he spoke about the development initiatives of the bjp government.
eight crore households have got toilets, 2.
5 crore houses have been made for the poor and 2.
35 crore people have got electricity for the first time in their houses.
under ayushman bharat yojana, 50 crore people have got the facility of getting upto rs 5 lakh for treatment of serious diseases, free of cost, he said.
he appealed to the people of ballia to vote for bjp.
we will make uttar pradesh the number 1 state in india with the help of modi-yogi jodi, he claimed.
elections to 484 constituencies stand completed in the first six phases.
the remaining seats amounting to 59 would go to poll on may 19 in the final phase of the elections.
the counting of votes will take place on may 23.
by ptinew delhi: in the run-up to the lok sabha polls next year, the congress' youth wing is holding a series of online interactions between senior party leaders and young voters through facebook live.
the initiative, 'young india facebook live series', launched last month, has so far featured ghulam nabi azad, manish tewari, jairam ramesh, ajay maken, sampitroda among others, and efforts are on to bring rahul gandhi to the platform, indian youth congress (iyc) spokesperson amrish pandey said.
the online interaction takes place on iyc's official facebook page every thursday at 6 pm.
sam pitroda was the first guest of the series launched on october 18.
guests to the programme pick questions sent by the users in form of comments of the facebook page and respond to it accordingly.
so far, six episodes of the online interaction have been conducted covering topics like aspirations of young india, freedom of press, demonetisation and youth and politics, pandey said.
the next guest in the series will be former delhi chief minister sheila dikshit, who will address women issues on the birth anniversary of indira gandhi on monday.
the live series is like a freewheeling chat where the youngsters and senior party leaders can interact in an uninhibited manner.
a direct interaction helps to put forward ideas in a better way, pandey said.
alleging that absence of an alternate voice is leading to monopoly of a specific ideology which needs to be countered, he said the series designed by the social media team of iyc has provided an opportunity to the youth to raise their voice and talk to leaders on every issue.
the series is helpful in building mutual understanding between the youth and the party.
we are also trying to bring congress president rahul gandhi to interact with the youth later on, pandey said.
by express news servicenew delhi/chandigarh: under fire for his comments on the 1984 anti-sikh riots, congress leader sampitroda on friday accused the bjp of twisting his words, while his party, mindful of the possible damage that the alleged insensitive comments could cause to its poll prospects in delhi and punjab, distanced itself from his remark.
also read | rahul gandhi slams sampitroda over 1984 riots remarkprime minister narendra modi led the bjp offensive, saying pitrodas remark, reflected the character and arrogance of the congress.
addressing a rally at rohtak in haryana on friday, modi said, yesterday, one of the tallest leaders of the congress said 84 ka danga hua to hua (so what if the 1984 riots happened).
do you know who this leader is.
.
.
he is very close to the gandhi family.
he keeps meeting them on daily basis and is their biggest confidant.
this leader was very good friend of rajiv gandhi and is the guru of congresss naamdar (dynast) president.
wondering if rahul gandhi will oust his guru, union minister arun jaitley said it was a matter of disgrace that the congress has no remorse over the killings of sikhs in 1984.
bjp and akali dal held a protest in amritsar against pitroda.
read here | sampitroda apologises for remarks on sikh riots, says his words twisted due to his 'bad hindi'the congress distanced itself from pitrodas comments and asked party leaders to be careful and sensitive in future.
stating that the congress had strived to ensure justice for the 1984 riots victims, its spokesperson randeep surjewala said the party continued to support the quest for justice and stern punishment for those found guilty in the anti-sikh riots, as also the subsequent acts of violence, including the 2002 riots in gujarat.
follow our election coverage herepitroda on his part accused the bjp of twisting his words to distort facts, divide us (congress) and hide their failures.
however, he added that things of the past are not relevant in this election.
by ptinew delhi: bjp leader subramanian swamy on friday objected to the lawyer for congress leader sonia gandhi for asking questions in hindi while being cross-examination in national herald case, saying he was a 'tamil'.
the exchange of words took place between swamy and senior advocate r s cheema, appearing for gandhi, before the court of additional chief metropolitan magistrate samar vishal, who was recording the cross-examination of the bjp leader who is the complainant in the case.
on being asked, dr swamy jis sadak pe indian express building bana (dr swamy, the road on which indian express building was built).
, swamy said, please speak in english.
you must remember i am a tamil.
english is the language of the court.
however, before the debate could escalate, the judge intervened, saying, both english and hindi are the languages of the court.
to this swamy said he only understood sanskritised hindi and not urdu-hindi.
however, cheema, thereafter, refrained from using hindi while cross examining swamy.
during the cross examination, swamy told the court that the office bearers of congress party were cheats while the congress workers were the victims of cheating.
the publication of national herald was later resumed from another site from april 7, 2016.
this was well after the summons in this case was issued on 26 june 2014.
therefore, it was an afterthought that despite 8 years elapsing, the publication was started.
soon after the closure of publication, the entire staff, journalists and workmen were given vrs, he said.
the publication was resumed because the dda and the ministry of urban affair have initiated litigation to acquire herald house, he added.
the bjp leader was being cross-examined in the national herald case filed by him against congress leader rahul gandhi, his mother sonia gandhi and others.
swamy, in his private criminal complaint, had accused the gandhis and others of conspiring to cheat and misappropriate funds by paying just rs 50 lakh, through which the young indian (yi) private limited obtained the right to recover the rs 90.
25 crore the publisher, associate journals limited, owed to the congress.
all the seven accused in the case -- sonia and rahul gandhi, vora, senior congress leaders oscar fernandes, suman dubey and sampitroda and the yi -- have denied the allegations levelled against them.
the gandhis, vora, fernandes, dubey and pitroda are accused of misappropriation of property, criminal breach of trust, cheating and criminal conspiracy.
by ptideoghar: asserting that the congress will be losing the lok sabha elections, prime minister narendra modi wednesday claimed that the party has fielded two batsmen to defend the naamdar (dynast).
in a veiled dig at congress leaders mani shankar aiyar and sampitroda , modi said they were tasked by the party to take the responsibility for the poor poll show.
one says 'hua to hua' ( it happened, so what) on the 1984 anti-sikh riots while the other, who has been behind curtains after abusing me during the gujarat elections, is again attacking me, the prime minister said.
while pitroda faced the wrath of congress president rahul gandhi for his remarks, aiyar in an article raked up his controversial neech remark against modi, saying his comments turned out to be prophetic.
the prime minister has often targeted gandhi, calling him naamdar.
follow our elections coverage hereattacking the congress leadership, modi said, what the rule by one family could not do in 55 years, the bjp-led government did in 55 months.
the country has seen development and there has not been a single taint on the government.
when i say this from babadham (temple town of deoghar) i feel proud that the people have given me the responsibility to head an honest government.
two-time bjp mp nishikant dubey is contesting from godda lok sabha seat, under which the temple town of deoghar falls, and facing jharkhand vikas morcha (prajatantrik) candidate pradip yadav, who is backed by the opposition grand alliance.
godda, dumka (st) and rajmahal (st) will be voting in the last phase of the lok sabha polls on may 19.
by ianskhanna (punjab): congress leader sampitroda , who had courted controversy for his remark in connection with the anti-sikh riots of 1984, should be ashamed and must apologise to the nation, party president rahul gandhi said on monday.
sam pitroda's comment is wrong.
for this, he should feel ashamed.
he has to apologise to the country, he said at an election rally in this punjab town.
gandhi said he called pitroda on the phone and asked him to issue an apology.
the congress chief was accompanied by chief minister amarinder singh at the rally in this town, which is known for the largest grain market in asia as it gets millions of tonnes of produce from punjab's agricultural fields.
the 1984 anti-sikh riots have been a sensitive issue for people of punjab, mainly the sikhs, and is likely to damage the congress' prospects in the state that will go to the polls in the last phase of the lok sabha polls on sunday.
follow our election coverage herepitroda, the indian oversees congress chief, had brushed off the 1984 anti-sikh riots by saying, hua toh hua (it just happened).
on may 10, he apologised saying that what he said was completely twisted and taken out of context because my hindi isn't good.
his apology came after bharatiya janata party leaders, including prime minister narendra modi, and sikh organisations slammed him for his comment.
harpeet bajwa byexpress news serviceprime minister narendra modi on friday slammed the congress over the remarks made by sampitroda on the 1984 anti-sikh riots, saying his words reflected the character, mentality and intention of the party.
addressing a rally at rohtak in haryana on the last day of campaigning in the state for phase vi of the lok sabha elections, modi said, the congress ruled the country for the maximum period and has been insensitive and arrogant which is reflected in the three words spoken by sam pitroda.
and what were these words?
they were 'hua to hua'.
follow our election coverage heremodi went on to add, one of the tallest leaders of the congress, who is the guru of rahul gandhi and was a friend of rajiv gandhi, said these words while speaking on the 1984 riots.
further hitting out at the congress, he said, we can very well understand the arrogance of those who run the congress in these three words.
hundreds of sikhs were burnt by putting petrol and diesel as tyres were put in their necks and the congress says 'hua to hua'.
taking strong exception to the prime ministers attempt to link rajiv gandhi with the 1984 riots, punjabchief minister capt amarinder singh threw the lok sabha battle hat back into modis ring by drawing a comparison with the godhra massacre, which took place under the latters chief ministership ingujarat.
it was wrong of modi to connect rajiv with the anti-sikh riots of 1984, amarinder said.
what if someone starts linking modi with godhra?
he asked, adding that it did not behove the prime minister of the country to stoop to such levels to win an election.
expressing himself in total disagreement with congress leader sampitroda controversial remarks that if the 1984 riots happened, they happened, so what, amarinder said if pitroda had actually said this, it was shocking.
the 1984 riots were a big tragedy and justice had yet not been meted out to the victims.
ifsome individual leaders were allegedly involved in the riots, they should be punished as per law, assertedamarinder.
pitroda said that an atmosphere had been created where people do not believe in facts, but lies that are being promoted on social media.
modi has misused the public money on self-promotion and advertisement, pitroda said, alleging that half of the budget of the beti bachao, beti padhao was spent on advertisement.
come, debate on issues.
have a debate with (congress chief) rahul gandhi and, if not him, then debate with me.
i am also a gujarati, patroda told reporters here.
rather than talking about the work done in the past five years, pitroda said, modi was drawing attention to the border, nationality of congress chief rahul gandhi and attacking former prime minister rajiv gandhi.
pitroda said the lok sabha election is the most important in the history of india, saying it is not a contest between the bharatiya janata party and the congress.
this election is about the future of india.
about what kind of nation we want, he said.
also read| happened in 1984, so what: sampitroda on anti-sikh riotslikening the proposed nyay scheme with the mgnrega, pitroda said the minimum income scheme would kick-start the rural economy.
the bjp government failed in its promise of providing 10 crore jobs in five years, instead 24 lakh government posts are lying vacant, pitroda said.
it also faltered on the promise of 100 smart cities.
they promised to double farmers' income, but it has declined.
the national debt has increased by 50 per cent.
budget on education has been cut from 4.
9 per cent to 3.
4 per cent, pitroda said.
by ptinew delhi: a delhi court saturday fixed january 8, 2019 for bjp leader subramanian swamy's cross-examination in the national herald case, filed by him against congress chief rahul gandhi, his mother sonia gandhi and others.
additional chief metropolitan magistrate samar vishal also deferred till the next date the order on an application moved by senior congress leader and an accused in the case, motilal vora, seeking to restrain swamy from tweeting about the case.
also read: national herald building lease: centre assures delhi hc status quo will be maintained till november 22in his application, vora has alleged that swamy is trying to influence the court proceedings with his tweets.
the bharatiya janata party (bjp) leader has denied the allegation and asserted that he has every right to tweet.
swamy, in a private criminal complaint, had accused the gandhis and others of conspiring to cheat and misappropriate funds by paying just rs 50 lakh, through which the young indian (yi) private limited obtained the right to recover the rs 90.
25 crore the associate journals limited owed to the congress.
the recording of swamy's statement as a complainant-witness in the case was concluded recently.
also read: no urgency in ajl's plea challenging centre's order ending national herald building lease, says hcvora had earlier told the court that swamy was indulging in character assassination of the accused by tweeting.
all the seven accused in the case -- sonia and rahul gandhi, vora, senior congress leaders oscar fernandes, suman dubey and sampitroda and the yi -- have denied the allegations levelled against them.
the court had summoned the accused on june 26, 2014.
on december 19, 2015, it had granted bail to sonia and rahul gandhi, vora, fernandes and dubey, who had appeared before it pursuant to summonses.
pitroda was also granted bail on february 20, 2016 when he had appeared in the court.
sonia and rahul gandhi, vora, fernandes, dubey and pitroda were summoned for alleged misappropriation of property, criminal breach of trust, cheating and criminal conspiracy.
by ptiparalakhemundi/ umerkote (odisha): bjp president amit shah monday slammed the congress for compromising with the national security by allowing the real culprits in the samjhauta express blast case go scot-free and accused the grand old party of trying to defame hindus by tagging them with terror.
shah also asserted that only the bjp under prime minister narendra modi's leadership is capable of providing a strong and decisive government which can keep the country's frontiers safe and crush terrorism.
with the odisha assembly polls being held simultaneously with the general election, the bjp chief attacked chief minister naveen patnaik, comparing his government with a fused transformer and called upon people to replace it with an efficient one by voting the bjp to power in the state.
rahul (gandhi) baba's party attempted to link the hindu community with terrorism.
it was a bid to defame hindus everywhere, shah said.
the bjp chief, who was on a day's visit to odisha, addressed two election rallies of the saffron party at paralakhemundi under the berhampur lok sabha constituency and umerkote in nabarangpur parliamentary segment, which will go to polls in the first phase on april 11.
mounting a scathing attack on the congress, the bjp chief said all the accused, including swami aseemanand, were recently acquitted in the samjhauta express blast case.
sixty-eight people, mostly pakistanis, were killed in a terror attack on samjhauta express in february, 2007.
unfortunately, the then congress government compromised with the national security by allowing the real culprits in the case to go scot-free.
these people have no concern for the national security, shah said.
follow our election coverage herethe bjp chief also slammed the congress, trinamool congress and the biju janata dal, accusing them of stalling the citizenship (amendment) bill from being passed in parliament.
i want to tell naveen babu and mamata didi that they tried their best to stall it, but narendra modi will again become prime minister and next time the citizenship (amendment) bill will certainly be passed for the benefit of many refugees, he said.
shah assured all hindu, sikh, jain and bengali-speaking refugees that the bjp, after coming to power again by winning the coming polls, will provide them indian citizenship by getting the bill passed in parliament.
the citizenship (amendment) bill, 2016, that seeks to provide indian citizenship to non-muslims from bangladesh, afghanistan and pakistan could not be tabled in rajya sabha on last working day in february and will get lapsed with the end of term of this lok sabha on june 3.
mounting a stinging attack on the congress, shah accused it of failing to contain pakistan-backed terrorism when it was in power, while the modi government has been taking resolute action against terrorism.
asking whether the country's frontiers need to be kept safe and secure, the bjp chief said after the pulwama attack carried out by pakistan-based jaish-e-mohammed, killing 40 crpf personnel, the modi government took a prompt decision to take revenge by undertaking balakot air strike.
even as pakistan was gearing up with its weapons and soldiers near the border, india gave a befitting reply as it was modi, who is at the helm and not 'mouni baba' (manmohan singh), he said.
effective air strike was carried out and terror camps inside pakistan were destroyed.
such decisive action can only be taken by bjp government, he said, adding that opposition parties, on the other hand, are speaking the language of pakistan which gives strength to terrorists.
taking a swipe at rahul gandhi, he said the congress chief bowed his head after the successful balakot operations as he was unable to digest our victory.
describing indian overseas congress chief sampitroda as gandhi's guru, shah said pitroda suggested for talks with pakistan and terrorists.
pitrodaji, this (talks) may be the policy of your party.
but, our policy is to retaliate and fire back with force when terrorists strike.
if terrorists fire bullets we retaliate by using bombs.
none other than modi can ensure so much importance to national security, he said.
turning to odisha, shah mounted a scathing attack on patnaik accusing him of being unable to speak odia language despite being in power for 19 years.
time has come for people of the state to choose an odia speaking and young chief minister who can steer the state on the path of rapid progress, he said.
alleging that corruption was all pervasive in odisha and unemployment was growing alarmingly, shah said people of the state must oust the bjd from power and also vote in order to ensure a second term for modi as prime minister.
stating that 2019 elections will change the fate of the country as well as that of odisha, shah said people of the state should bring a double engine government by ensuring victory of the bjp both at the centre and in the state so that speedy development can be experienced.
bjd govt adopted a step-motherly approach towards west and central odisha, for which these parts remained backward.
people of the state need to overthrow current dispensation and ensure a second term for narendra modi as pm, he said.
the assembly and the lok sabha polls in the state will be held simultaneously in four phases on april 11, 18, 23 and 29.
the bjp has set a target of winning at least 120 of the 147 assembly seats in odisha.
in 2014, the bjp had won 10 assembly and one lok sabha seat.
amit agnihotri byexpress news servicenew delhi: busy drafting a peoples manifesto and a futuristic agenda for governance ahead of the coming lok sabha polls, the congress has asked nris from all over the world to suggest ideas that can improve the countrys systems and institutions.
also read: nris can't vote online in lok sabha polls, election commission clarifiesthe indian overseas congress on friday opened two-day consultations in dubai, uae, with indians residing abroad on the changes they want to see back home.
the meet involved deliberation on nri involvement and participation in the areas of infrastructure, health, agriculture, education, food technology, fdi, public finance, employment, nri issues, science and technology in an inclusive manner to expedite growth and prosperity for all in india, ioc chairman sampitroda said.
the discussions with around 100 nris will end on february 23.
by online deskprime minister narendra modi asked voters at a rally in uttar pradesh's kushinagar on sunday if the army would take permission from the election commission before killing militants.
his remarks came after two militants were killed in jammu and kashmir's shopian in an encounter on sunday morning.
the election for jammu and kashmir's seven seats got over last week.
today terrorists were killed by our army in kashmir.
now some people are worried as to why did modi kill the terrorists when voting is underway?
they were standing in front (of the soldiers) with bombs and guns.
would my soldiers go to the election commission to ask for permission to shoot?
since i came to kashmir, every second or third day, clean-ups take place.
this is my clean-up operation, pm modi said while campaigning in kushinagar.
opposition kya khel bana rakha hai?
(what drama is the opposition enacting).
he said, adding that it was surprising to note that the opposition parties were saying that elections were on and the security forces were opening fire at militants.
follow our election coverage heremeanwhile, as campaigning for the lok sabha polls entered its final phase, prime minister narendra modi sunday predicted defeat of the opposition parties, saying the people were voting for an effective government.
opposition parties will fall flat in lok sabha polls.
this is because people are voting for an effective and honest government, he said.
attacking the sp-bsp alliance, modi said he had been the chief minister of gujarat more than the terms of akhilesh yadav and mayawati as uttar pradesh chief ministers combined, and there was no blot of corruption on him.
hitting out at bsp chief mayawati for her remarks on the alwar gangrape case, the prime minister asked her not to shed crocodile tears for the victim.
if you are serious, why don't you withdraw support from the congress government in rajasthan, he asked.
also read | bjp's 'guru-chela' to be out of power soon: mayawati and akhilesh yadaveven the congress government wanted to suppress the incident involving a dalit woman, he said, adding that the party thought hua toh hua, a reference to sam pitroda's remark on 1984 anti-sikh riots.
by ianshyderabad: aimim chief asaduddin owaisi on friday reminded prime minister narendra modi about the 2002 gujarat riots after the latter called the 1984 anti-sikh riots a horrendous genocide.
the member of parliament from hyderabad asked modi what would he call the gujarat riots.
sir @pmoindia so where the 2002 pogrom which happened under your tenure as cm and you failed in your constitutional oath to protect human beings, owaisi tweeted.
the all india majlis-e-ittehadul muslimeen (aimim) president pointed out that the accused in both the riots in 1984 and 2002 won the elections.
owaisi was reacting to modi slamming congress president rahul gandhi's advisor sampitroda for his remark on the anti-sikh riots.
on thursday, indian overseas congress chief pitroda had courted controversy by brushing off the 1984 anti-sikh riots by saying, hua toh hua (it just happened).
namita bajpai byexpress news servicelucknow: while spearheading bjps poll campaign in purvanchal for the last phase of the big battle of 2019, prime minister narendra modi played up the caste card at his two back-to-back rallies in ghazipur and robertsganj on saturday.
notably, robertsganj is the last (80th) and the only lok sabha constituency reserved for scheduled tribes (st) of uttar pradesh.
both ghazipur and robertsganj will go to polls in the last phase along with modi's constituency varanasi and 10 other seats on may 19.
raising the caste issue in the region where sp-bsp alliance is too banking on the caste arithmetic, modi targeted them by claiming that those who were seeking his caste certificate should know that he belonged the caste of poor.
the people of the mahamilawat recently started picking on my caste, i want to tell them that i belong to the caste of the poor of the country, he said at both the rallies.
read: what if someone links narendra modi with godhra massacre, asks punjab cm amarinderi provided housing, water facilities, and gas facilities to the poor because i belong to them, he added.
in the same breathe, he took a jibe at sp and bsp leadership accusing them of amassing wealth and promoting their respective families by attaining political stature in the name of their backward and dalit caste.
i have been gujarat chief minister for the longest time and have been prime minister for the last five years but there is not a single property listed in my name.
i have never made any money, neither for myself nor have i given any money to anyone in my family, he asserted adding that there were leaders of mahamilawati gathbandhan who had filled their bank accounts with wealth worth millions.
while making a fervent vote appeal for a strong government at centre, modi jumped to sampitroda hua to hua (it happended so it be) jibe to take on congress party accusing it of arrogance.
they are steeped deep in hubris.
they treat themselves as king and countrymen as their subject.
this is congresss instinct but also of sp and bsp.
there is a whole bunch of arrogant politicians who lack vision for the countrys development and compassion for countrymen, maintained the pm.
read: bsp wooing brahmins to ruin bjp's game in uttar pradeshtargeting congress government over the alwar gangrape case in his ghazipur rally, modi charged cm ashok gehlot of shielding the culprits in order to cover up the incident to arrest the prospectivedamage to the party in poll season.
they did not register the case for a week as they wanted to hide the incident from media glare during the polls.
instead of meeting out justice to the victim, they were bothered more about their votes.
this is their nyay, he said.
he even questioned the alleged silence of award wapsi gang over the issue.
paying tribute to the residents of ghazipurs gahamar village where every family has a person serving in indian army, modi referred to kumaraswamys statement that only those joined army who were poor and didnt have to eat.
isn't it an insult to our army?
will you not avenge such insult heaped on the armymen and the brave mothers gahmar who take pride in sending their sons to serve the nation?
asked the pm getting an affirmative response from the cheering corwd.
earlier in the day, the congress distanced itself from the so what remarks of pitroda about the 1984 anti-sikh riots and asked the leaders of the party to be careful and sensitive in future.
pitroda, a close aide of rahul gandhi and overseas congress' head, on thursday said, 'hua to hua' (so what, it happened) about the anti-sikh riots.
he made this remark in response to a question on the riots by a newsman in dharamshala in himachal pradesh.
i will be communicating this to him directly.
he must apologise for his comment, gandhi said.
also read| sampitroda apologises for remarks on sikh riots, says his words twisted due to his 'bad hindi'he noted that the 1984 anti-sikh riots were a needless tragedy that caused tremendous pain, and said justice has to be done and anybody guilty must be punished.
rahul gandhi said former prime minister manmohan singh has already apologised and so has former congress president sonia gandhi over the anti-sikh riots.
we all have made our position very clear and that is the 1984 happenings were a terrible tragedy and should never have happened, he said.
follow our election coverage hererahul gandhi had earlier said that he loved the people of punjab who have supported the congress in its hardest times and whatever pains the people of punjab, pains him.
he had also called for deepening the love between the people of punjab and the congress and its leaders, as the people had elected the party's government in the state.
sam pitroda's so what ('hua to hua') remarks about the 1984 riots kicked up a major political storm with the ruling bjp and prime minister narendra modi saying that this reflected the character and arrogance of the opposition party.
pitroda on his part accused the bjp of twisting the three words in hindi on the riots to distort facts, divide us(congress) and hide their failures and said things of the past are not relevant in this election.
namita bajpai byexpress news servicelucknow: a direct war of words broke out between prime minister narendra modi, while he was campaigning in uttar pradesh, and bsp chief mayawati over alwar gang-rape case on sunday.
while the pm hit out at the bsp chief for her remarks on the incident and asked her not to shed crocodile tears for the victim, the bsp chief shot back by questioning him on his stand over atrocities on dalits during his tenure as pm.
while addressing a poll rally in kushinagar on sunday, pm modi reacted to mayawatis statement over the alwar case asking her why didnt she withdraw support to gehlot government if she was honestly concerned about the plight of the dalit victim.
behenji you will have to answer why didn't you withdraw support to rajasthan's congress govt after a dalit daughter was gang-raped in the state?
you are shedding crocodile tears by only making statements, the pm pointed out.
he also took on the gehlot government accusing it of suppressing the case involving a dalit woman allegedly owing to congresss hua toh hua (it happened so it be) mentality repeating the reference to sampitroda two-day old remark on 1984 anti-sikh riots.
read more: alwar rapists should be hanged: mayawatihowever, responding to pms jibe in no time, bsp chief mayawati said that if appropriate action was not initiated to do justice to the victim, she would take an appropriate political decision.
if proper action is not taken in the alwar gangrape, i will take an appropriate political decision,  she said.
however, she questioned the pm why did he not resign after incidents like una and rohit vemulas suicide during his tenure as prime minister.
the pm addressed two back-to-back rallies at kushinagar and deoria parliamentary segments in up on sunday.
in deoria, pm modi predicted the defeat of the opposition claiming that the people had already taught a lesson to mahamilawati gathbandhan and congress during the last five phases of polling and sixth would consolidate their defeat for their politics driven by self and family interests.
this time people have voted for an effective, stable and strong government which can take tough decision as the need arises in national interest, he claimed.
also read: congress covered up alwar gang rape for poll gain, says pm modireferring to his governments initiative to take the war on terror to enemys territory, he raised doubt on gathbandhan leadership in dealing with terrorism sp and bsp dont have the courage to fight terror.
they have been soft on it during their respective regimes in up.
those who could not put a leash on hooligans in the streets, how will they take on terrorists.
tell me who among the leaders of mahamilawati bunch of 21 parties seems capable of dealing with terror strongly, the pm asked the gathering.
referring to the encounter in shopian district of jammu and kashmir on sunday morning, the pm hit out at opposition for raising fingers at firing on militants during polls.
he wondered in kushinagar if indian army jawans would take ecs permission before opening fire at militants they were standing in front (of the soldiers) with bombs and guns.
would my soldiers go to the election commission to ask for permission to shoot?
opposition kya khel bana rakha hai?
(what drama is the opposition enacting)?
since i came to kashmir, every second or third day, clean-ups take place.
this is my clean-up operation, pm modi said while campaigning in kushinagar.
notably, the shopian encounter took place on sunday morning during a cordon and search operation in the area located in terror-hit south kashmir.
the election for jammu and kashmir's seven seats got over last week.
also read: sc/st commission wants fir against 'negligent' copsthe pm also attacked congress for promising to remove sedition clause to give a free run to traitors and ease armed forces special power act (afspa) in j&k.
actually, congress has reduced to vote katuwa and nothing else.
congress ne pahley jawan ka sar katwaya (jawan was beheaded during cong rule), now the party has become 'vote katwa' (vote cutter), he said in deoria.
coming down heavily on corruption and caste politics, modi said the country had had enough of casteist, dynastic and corrupt governments in the past.
now people want development and resources to make their lives easier.
but those who chant 'remove modi, remove modi' do not have any vision for the nation, said pm modi in deoria.
also read: mayawati wants death penalty for alwar gang rape accusedfiring a salvo at gathbandhan leaders for allegedly amassing wealth betraying the poor and deprived of the country, the pm modi said he had been gujarat cm more than the terms of akhilesh yadav and mayawati as uttar pradesh chief ministers combined and there was no blot of corruption on him.
the pm also targeted the mahagathbandhan for picking up his caste issue saying those who were seeking a caste certificate from him were actually seeking caste certificate from the poor of the country thus heaping insult on them.
i was born in extremely backward caste.
but i am trying to the best of my capabilities to take the nation forward.
they should know that my only caste is poverty and it has been my inspiration to work for the emancipation of poor honestly and sincerely, he averred.
new delhi: a delhi court today dismissed bjp leader subramanian swamy's plea seeking certain documents from the congress party and associated journals ltd (ajl) in the national herald case filed by him against sonia gandhi, rahul gandhi and others.
metropolitan magistrate lovleen rejected swamy's application while giving him the last opportunity to submit the list of complainant witnesses in the case in which he has accused the gandhis and others of conspiring to cheat and misappropriate funds by paying just rs 50 lakh through which young indian pvt ltd (yi) obtained the right to recover rs 90.
25 crore which ajl owed to the congress.
besides gandhis, other accused-motilal vora, oscar fernandes, suman dubey and sampitroda denied the allegations levelled against them.
the court has now put up the matter on february 10 for pre-charge proceedings.
on swamy's plea, the trial court in its january 11 and march 11 orders had sought documents from ministries of finance and urban development, department of corporate affairs and income tax department and 2010-11 balance sheet of the congress party in the case, which were submitted by the inc and ajl on april 8.
however on july 12, delhi high court had set aside both the orders of the trial court saying they were passed in a casual manner and without application of mind.
swamy then filed a fresh application before the trial court seeking summoning of certain documents while the congress leaders and ajl sought the return of documents including its balance sheet, which had been submitted in the court.
in this application, swamy had sought documents relating to a loan given by the congress to the ajl, the holding firm of the national herald, saying these were necessary for the purpose of trial.
during the hearing on december 9, the counsel appearing for the accused had told the court that swamy was seeking a fishing and roving enquiry in the case by calling for documents from the party and the ajl as he wanted to make out a new case against them.
swamy, however, had termed the allegation as baseless and said his demand was legitimate.
the court had on june 26, 2014, summoned sonia, rahul, motilal vora, oscar fernandes, suman dubey and sampitroda as accused in the case besides yi.
it had on december 19, 2015, granted bail to sonia, rahul, vora, fernandes and dubey, who had appeared before it pursuant to summons.
pitroda was granted bail on february 20 when he had appeared in the court.
sonia, rahul, vora (aicc treasurer), fernandes (aicc general secretary), dubey and pitroda were summoned for alleged offences under section 403 (dishonest misappropriation of property), 406 (criminal breach of trust) and 420 (cheating) read with section 120b (criminal conspiracy) of the ipc.
new delhi: a court here on saturday issued notice to congress president sonia gandhi and her son and party vice president rahul gandhi in the national herald case on a plea filed by bharatiya janata party (bjp) leader subramanian swamy.
swamy has sought the balance sheet of 2010-2011 of the congress party and other documents relating to the company, associated journals ltd (ajl) in the case.
metropolitan magistrate lovleen asked the gandhis, party leaders motilal vora and oscar fernandes, suman dubey, sampitroda and young indian pvt ltd (yi) who are accused in the case, to file a reply to swamy's plea and listed the matter for october 4.
the delhi high court on july 12 had quashed an order of a trial court summoning the same documents besides others relating to herald house from the finance, urban development, and corporate affairs ministries, the delhi development authority and the registrar of companies.
the high court had observed that the order was passed without giving any notice or opportunity of hearing to the opposite side.
it had also directed swamy to move the trial court again with a similar plea.
swamy had filed a complaint about cheating in the acquisition of ajl, which published the national herald newspaper, by yi, a firm in which sonia and rahul gandhi each own a 38 per cent stake.
swamy had accused them of allegedly conspiring to cheat and misappropriate funds by just paying rs 50 lakh by which yi obtained the right to recover rs 90.
25 crore which ajl owed to the congress.
the delhi high court in december 2015 dismissed the plea of the gandhis to quash the summons issued by the trial court on swamy's complaint.
by ptinew delhi: after months of silence, congress leader mani shankar aiyar was back in the news on tuesday with an article justifying his neech jibe against narendra modi, and also calling him the most foul-mouthed prime minister the country has seen.
the article, published in rising kashmir and the print, drew sharp retorts from the bharatiya janata party, which called him abuser-in-chief and described his party as arrogant.
in the article, aiyar also slammed modi on a series of issues and asked, remember how i described him on 7 december 2017?
was i not prophetic?
in 2017, the former union minister called modi neech aadmi following which he was suspended from the congress party.
justifying that comment, aiyar said in his article, modi will, in any case, be ousted by the people of india on 23 may.
that would be a fitting end to the most foul-mouthed prime minister this country has seen or is likely to see.
remember how i described him on 7 december 2017?
was i not prophetic?
bjp spokesperson g v l narasimha rao put out a tweet saying abuser-in-chief' aiyar had returned to justify his 2017 'neech' jibe.
aiyar then apologized & hid behind poor hindi excuse.
now he says he was prophetic.
congr revoked his suspension last year for filthy outburst.
double speak & arrogance of @incindia on display again!
he said.
follow our election coverage herepak-crony aiyar has the audacity to call pm 'anti-national'.
nation knows that @narendramodi ji is the epitome of 'rashtra bhakti'.
aiyar is known for 'parivar bhakti' as a (political) slave of the dynasty.
it isn't surprising at all that all abusers are close gandhi confidants.
bjp's it cell head amit malviya also referred to congress leader sampitroda , in the spotlight for his hua to hua remark on the 1984 anti-sikh riots.
upset that sampitroda was getting all the attention, the irrepressible mani shankar aiyar pulls pitroda's foot out of his mouth and puts it in his.
reiterates and justifies his 'neech' comment for pm!
he said on twitter.
in the article, aiyar said he has found out why loathes jawaharlal nehru so much -- because nehru had a degree in natural sciences from the university of cambridge, and was convinced that to pull indians out of superstition, modern india must cultivate a 'scientific temper'.
this, aiyar said, drives hindutva supporters nuts because they like to believe the 'udan khatolas' of mythology were the earliest f-16s to be invented by hindus, and that hindu plastic surgery, not a transplant operation, is what led to an elephant's head surmounting lord ganesh.
both these stunningly illiterate claims come from the mouth of none less than the prime minister of our country, whose acquaintance with higher education has gone no further than lying about degrees from delhi and gujarat universities that he never got and who can obviously not tell a scientific proposition from a 'dhokla', aiyar wrote.
he also referred to modi's recent comment that he ordered the indian air force to strike at balakot despite heavy cloud cover because he believed that heavy cloud cover at the time would allow indian jets to evade pakistani radar.
this is to insult our brave airmen and, above all, the chief of air staff.
not one of them was so ignorant of the fact that radar is not a telescope whose vision can be clouded over.
radar is used precisely because, whatever the weather conditions, it can pinpoint incoming aircraft, aiyar asked.
did modi take his senior-most air force officers for fools that he could trot out such ridiculous unscientific rubbish before them?
and were they so pusillanimous that they dared not correct such a vacuous prime minister?
he wrote in the article, which comes as the long-drawn election process draws to a close with the final phase of voting scheduled on may 19.
aiyar wrote that modi needs to be warned that he is guilty of anti-national activity in trying to ride on the sacrifices of our army and crpf martyrs in a dirty election campaign; of defaming the indian air force by portraying them as complaisant idiots in his scientific illiteracy.
by ptisolan: prime minister narendra modi on monday accused the previous congress governments of using defence deals as an automated teller machine (atm) for the party.
addressing a rally in himachal pradesh's solan district, modi said: india was dependent on foreign countries for 70 per cent needs of the defence forces during the previous congress governments.
it had been deliberately done as defence deals were atm for the congress.
india had a 150-year-long experience of defence production when it became independent in 1947, whereas china had no such experience at that time, modi said.
follow our election coverage herebut now, china has become an exporter of defence production, whereas we are an importer because of the bad policies of earlier congress governments.
the prime minister said the bharatiya janata party (bjp) had tried to reverse it during the past five years, claiming that the defence production had been increased by 80 per cent.
pointing out to congress leader sam pitroda's remarks on the 1984 anti-sikh riots, he said: if you ask any question to the 'namdaar' (dynast) family, they say 'hua to hua' (it happened, so what?
).
modi accused the united progressive alliance (upa) dispensation of delaying the purchase of bullet-proof jackets for six years, which, he said, endangered the lives of the soldiers.
the prime minister urged first-time voters to vote for ensuring development of the country in the 21st century.
he claimed that had the upa government maintained the growth rate achieved during former prime minister atal bihari vajpayee's term, then it would have been much higher now.
on ayushman bharat, modi said the number of beneficiaries from the health protection scheme was more than the total population of usa, canada and mexico.
as many as 50 crore indians are provided free medical facilities up to rs 5 lakh per annum under ayushman yojana, he said.
he also praised chief minister jai ram thakur for exemplary implementation of the pm-kisan scheme.
modi recalled the days when he was in charge of the state for the bjp, saying he used to stroll on the mall road in solan and take 'chana' (chickpea) from vendors.
solan falls in the shimla parliamentary constituency, where the bjp has fielded suresh kashyap, while solan mla dhani ram shandil is contesting on a congress ticket.
the four seats of the state goes to polls in the last phase of the lok sabha election on sunday.
new delhi: the patiala house court on friday adjourned the plea filed by rajya sabha mp and bharatiya janata party (bjp) leader subramaniam swamy in a case related to the national herald.
the hearing on this matter will next take place on december 9.
in august, the court issued notices to congress party president sonia gandhi, vice-president rahul gandhi and five others on swamy's application seeking presentation of certain documents from associated journals pvt.
ltd (ajl) and indian national congress (inc) in connection with the national herald case.
the court had on march 11 given its nod to swamy's plea, seeking the balance sheets of the inc and the ajl for the purpose of investigation in this case.
in an application moved before metropolitan magistrate lovleen, swamy sought to summon the balance sheet, receipts, income and expenditure statements for assessment years 2010- 11, 2011-12 and 2012-13 of the inc, ajl and young indian pvt.
ltd.besides the congress president and her son, motilal vora, oscar fernandes, suman dubey and sampitroda are the other accused in this case.
swamy had accused sonia, rahul and others of conspiring to cheat and misappropriate funds by just paying rs. 50 lakh by which yi obtained the right to recover rs. 90.
25 crores which the ajl had owed to the congress.
by ptichandigarh: police on tuesday detained around 12 college students for selling modi pakodas wearing their degree robes near the venue of the prime minister's rally here.
we took 10 to 12 students in preventive custody.
however, they were released after the rally was over, sector 34 station house officer baldev kumar said.
the students wearing the robes were selling pakodas named after prime minister narendra modi and their degrees - engineer, ba and llb, near the venue he was to address a rally in support of bjp candidate kirron kher.
kher is contesting against congress nominee and former union minister pawan kumar bansal for chandigarh lok sabha seat, which will vote on may 19.
follow our election coverage herewe are here to welcome modi ji for giving us new employment under pakoda yojana.
we want to sell pakodas at modi's rally, so that he knows how great it is to sell pakodas for the educated youth, a woman protester said.
in january last year, modi had asserted in a television interview that people earning rs 200 a day by selling pakodas cannot be considered unemployed.
in an unrelated development in punjab's pathankot, 1984 anti-sikh riots victims protested outside the model town gurdwara against congress general secretary priyanka gandhi vadra's visit tuesday.
they protested against the controversial statement of senior congress leader sam pitroda's hua to hua remark, said ranjit singh, a protester.
bhubaneswar: the bjp on friday intensified its demand for removal of sampitroda from the post of technical advisor of odisha government following his appointment as chairman of overseas department of congress.
there is no point in keeping pitroda as the technical advisor after his appointment as chairman of congress overseas department, bjp spokesperson sajjan sharma told mediapersons here.
pitroda enjoys the status of a cabinet rank as technical advisor to odisha government.
he has, however, not availed any facilities and takes a token salary of `1 a month.
bjp state vice-president samir mohanty said there should be no doubt now about a nexus between bjd and congress with the recent appointment.
bjp will intensify its agitation till the removal of pitroda, he said.
the bjp leaders alleged that people of odisha have always suffered due to such alliances between the ruling party and the opposition.
on the other hand, bjd spokesperson amar prasad satpathy said pitroda is a respected person with wide experience in telecom engineering and should not be measured in political parameters.
congress chief whip tara prasad bahinipati said bjp should be happy that the state is getting the service of such a great technocrat.
bengaluru: congress vice-president rahul gandhi accused the nda government of muzzling freedom of expression in the country and trying to force everyone into silence.
he was speaking at an event organised in bengaluru on monday to release the commemorative edition of the national herald, india at a crossroads: 70 years of independence.
exuding confidence, the congress leader took on the narendra modi government, terming it dictatorial and exhorted people to fight against attempts to curb freedom of expression.
dalits are being beaten up, minorities are frightened, bureaucrats and journalists are not being allowed to speak the truth.
the government is trying to silence everyone.
those who speak the truth are being pushed around, he said, adding, do not be silent.
do not be afraid.
he said the words of his great-grandfather and former prime minister jawaharlal nehru, freedom is in peril, defend it with all your might, which is on the masthead of the national herald, are relevant even today.
vice president mohammad hamid ansari released the national herald commemorative edition and recalled the role played by the media in indias freedom struggle.
the commemorative publication is themed around 70 years of indias independence and includes articles that focus on the challenges facing the nation.
the contributing writers and commentators include rajmohan gandhi, sitaram yechury, pavan varma, sampitroda , p chidambaram, kancha ilaiah, jean dreze, christophe jaffrelot, among others.
the paper also features an interview of rahul with its editor-in-chief neelabh mishra.
by iansnew delhi: leaders of the bharatiya janata party (bjp) and shiromani akali dal (sad) on thursday attacked the congress and its leader sampitroda for the latter's remarks on the 1984 anti-sikh riots.
earlier on thursday, indian oversees congress chief pitroda brushed off the 1984 anti-sikh riots, saying, it happened in 1984, so what?
reacting to the comment, sad leader manjinder singh sirsa said that congress' anti-sikh mentality was clearly visible in pitroda's remark.
bjp leader prakash javadekar demanded that congress president rahul gandhi and upa chairperson sonia gandhi should apologise for pitroda's remarks.
javdekar said, today pitroda said a shocking thing which nobody could expect.
it is absolutely unacceptable and we, as a country, can not accept it.
sonia and rahul should apologise for his remarks.
follow our election coverage heresirsa, on the other hand, said that congress' mentality has not changed even after 35 years.
the congress has yet again proved that its mentality against the sikhs has not changed.
today pitroda said '1984 has happened, so what?
' he must have not lost anyone from his family.
sirsa further said, he (rahul gandhi) keeps on saying that his father (rajiv gandhi) and grandmother (indira gandhi) were assassinated.
and pitroda is saying so what if the riots happened.
six thousand people were killed in the anti-sikh riots.
our daughters and sisters were raped.
and now, instead of giving us justice, you have kept the culprits with you.
pitroda has proved today that gandhi family's heart is full of hatred against the sikhs.
by ptipaliganj (bihar): prime minister narendra modi on wednesday asserted that terrorism could be wiped out only by an aggressive strategy like the one adopted by his government and scoffed at the opposition for taking exception to making national security an election issue.
the mahamilavatis say national security is not an issue.
how can it not be one when so many common people lose their lives in terrorist attacks?
the perpetrators ought to be finished the way we did, by chasing them to their hideouts (ghar mein ghuskar mara), modi said in an oblique reference to the balakot air strikes.
addressing an election rally here under pataliputra lok sabha constituency, modi made an emotional appeal to the voters this is my last public meeting in the state during elections.
but i will be back with my development projects among you in my fresh tenure.
your love has made me confident of a victory.
but please do ensure, in the last phase, that the magnitude of the victory is handsome.
follow our elections coverage herethe prime minister also attacked the congress over sampitroda hua to hua remark and alleged that it reflected the opposition party's arrogance and unapologetic attitude about the 1984 anti-sikh riots.
he also came down heavily on lalu prasad's rjd, the congress ally in bihar which he did not mention by name, accusing it of using the support of caste for achieving power but thereafter promoting those within the family, ignoring the contributions of workers with potential.
he also attacked the rjd for having allegedly promoted criminalization during its stint in power and failure to come up with innovations aimed at improving the living standards of the poor.
bhubaneswar: technology advisor to odisha government sampitroda on wednesday resigned from the position amidst a growing controversy over his appointment as the chairman of overseas department of the congress party.
chief minister naveen patnaik accepted the resignation and thanked the former chairman of national knowledge commission for his contribution to the development of it sector in the state.
pitroda was appointed as technology advisor to odisha government last year, but it was the state bjp which dragged him into controversy by linking the telecom guru to the national herald case and then accusing that he played the link between congress and ruling biju janata dal (bjd) in the state.
the saffron party had questioned the tech gurus commitment to the state saying that he did not visit odisha even once after his appointment as technology advisor.
pitroda, on his part, had pooh-poohed the bjp for questioning his appointment and said he did not require bjps advice with his 50 years experience in telecom and it sectors.
however, the congress party last week appointed him as the overseas department chairman which gave the bjp more ammunition to attack both pitroda and bjd chief naveen patnaik.
the us-based pitroda was appointed as technology advisor on a month salary of re 1.
though he enjoyed cabinet rank, he had not availed any facilities.
however last week, the bjp had mounted attack on the telecom guru stating that his continuation even after appointment as overseas department chief of congress clearly exposed nexus between congress and naveen patnaik government in the state.
reacting to pitrodas resignation, spokesperson of state bjp sajjan sharma said the decision came very late.
the issue has exposed the nexus between naveen patnaik and congress chief sonia gandhi, he added.
it was sharma who had raised the issue last month.
by ptimedininagar: bjp president amit shah on saturday said that article 370 will be withdrawn from jammu and kashmir if the saffron party is voted to power again.
we will remove article 370 if you make narendra modi the prime minister again, shah said at a public rally here in palamau district in jharkhand.
shah said during the congress-led upa government, terror groups from pakistan used to target india continuously.
jawans were beheaded by terrorists also, he said.
we cannot compromise with the security of the nation.
pakistan wants to separate kashmir from india.
we will not allow it.
pakistan se goli aayegi to yahan se gola jayaga (if a bullet comes here, a shell lands there), the bjp president said.
follow our full election coverage herelaunching a scathing attack on national conference leader omar abdullah for his remarks on having a separate prime minster for kashmir, the bjp president said kashmir is an inseparable part of india.
should there be two prime ministers for one country?
shah asked the people.
the bjp has given the nation modi as prime minister and the security of the country has been strengthened ever since, he said.
when the nation rejoiced with sweets following the february 26 balakot air strike, a pall of gloom descended on the congress and pakistan, shah said.
he ridiculed congress leader sampitroda for saying that some boys had committed mistake and dropped bombs, and there should be talks.
by ptinew delhi: bjp leader subramanian swamy friday said in a delhi court that the officer bearers of the congress party were cheats in the alleged national herald scam and its workers were the victims of the cheating.
the bjp leader made the statement before additional chief metropolitan magistrate samar vishal while being cross-examined in the case filed by him against congress leader rahul gandhi, his mother sonia gandhi and others.
swamy, in his private criminal complaint, had accused the gandhis and others of conspiring to cheat and misappropriate funds by paying just rs 50 lakh, through which the young indian (yi) private limited obtained the right to recover the rs 90.
25 crore the paper's publisher, associate journals limited, owed to the congress.
besides sonia and rahul gandhi, other accused in the case are senior congress leaders motilal vora, oscar fernandes, suman dubey and sampitroda and the yi.
all of them have denied the allegations levelled against them.
the gandhis, vora, fernandes, dubey and pitroda are accused of misappropriation of property, criminal breach of trust, cheating and criminal conspiracy.
also read: 'ask only in english' - subramanian swamy objects to hindi questions during national herald case hearingsenior advocate r s cheema, appearing for gandhis, suggested during the friday's proceedings that swamy never claimed that the congress party was a victim of cheating perpetrated by the accused persons.
the bjp leader said, principal shareholders of young india are also officer bearers of congress party.
the congress party workers who collected the funds were cheated.
the congress party workers were the victim of cheating and officer bearers were cheaters.
he further said, the publication of national herald was later resumed from another site from april 7, 2016.
this was well after the summons in this case was issued on 26 june 2014.
therefore, it was an after thought that despite 8 years elapsing, the publication was started.
soon after the closure of publication, the entire staff, journalists and workmen were given vrs.
the publication was resumed because the dda and the ministry of urban affair have initiated litigation to acquire herald house, he added.
swamy denied that he had projected a picture of final and permanent closure in the complaint to buttress a false case and had intentionally culled out portion mentioning temporary closure of national herald.
by ptinew delhi: the bjp on saturday slammed a time magazine article, which called prime minister narendra modi divider in chief, as an attempt to malign modi's image, accusing its author of pursuing pakistan's agenda.
bjp spokesperson sambit patra told a press conference that article's author was a pakistani and that nothing better can be expected from pakistan.
he also took a swipe at congress president rahul gandhi for retwitting the story.
the piece, a sharp criticism of modi's leadership, has been written by aatish taseer, son of indian journalist tavleen singh and late pakistani politician and businessman salmaan taseer.
patra said several foreign magazines had written stories critical of modi in 2014 as well.
calling the prime minister a unifier, the bjp spokesperson listed a number of welfare measures started by the modi government to claim that the country was heading towards a new india under his reforming, performing and transforming agenda.
also read: pm modi's caricature features on time magazine cover with controversial headlinepatra also slammed congress leader navjot singh sidhu for his barbs at modi, accusing sidhu of making racist and sexist remarks.
taking a swipe at sidhu, patra said he keeps making all sort of loose statements but has not spoken a word against congress leader sam pitroda's so what remarks on 1984 anti-sikh riots.
pitroda, a close aide of gandhi and overseas congress' head, on thursday said, 'hua to hua' (so what, it happened) about the anti-sikh riots.
he made this remark in response to a question on the riots by a newsman in dharamshala in himachal pradesh.
patra claimed sidhu was targetting modi at the behest of madhya pradesh chief minister kamal nath who, he alleged was also involved in the riots.
sidhu at a poll rally had asked people to defeat kale angrez, in an apparent attempt to liken the modi government to the british rule before independence.
the congress leader had also claimed that modi was like a bride who makes noise from her bangles to give an impression that she was working hard but did not really work.
patra said these remarks showed the congress' mindset.
in a swipe at the opposition party over the italian origin of its former president sonia gandhi, he said the congress should not be very arrogant about its italian colour as this will disappear on may 23, when lok sabha poll results will be out.
the time magazine has featured prime minister narendra modi on the cover of its international edition with a controversial headline and a secondary one that reads modi the reformer as the country enters the final phase of the mammoth general election.
the american magazine's may 20, 2019 international editions - the europe, middle east and africa, asia and south pacific - feature the modi cover story with the main headline india's divider in chief while the us edition has a cover story on democrat elizabeth warren who is running for the white house in 2020.
the article also said the opposition congress party had little to offer other than the dynastic principle.
by ptidubai: taking a jibe at prime minister narendra modi, congress president rahul gandhi on friday told indian workers here that he wants to listen to their problems instead of telling his mann ki baat.
gandhi, who is in the uae on a maiden visit, was accorded a warm welcome by the indian diaspora at the dubai airport thursday.
he lauded the indian workers here for making the country proud by their hard work in the uae.
the congress president said his party was aware of the difficulties faced by the labourers and wants to help them.
i realise you face several hardships.
you work all day, send money to your family back home.
we want to talk to you, rahul said.
main yahan apne mann ki baat kahne nahi aaya hun.
main yahan aapke mann ki baat sunane aaya hun (i have not come here to speak my mind, i have come to listen to you), he said in his address at the jabel ali labour colony.
he was referring to prime minister modi's monthly radio broadcast 'mann ki baat' where he address the nation on various issues.
all these massive developments you see here, tall buildings, large airports and metro, would not have been built without your contribution.
you have given your sweat, blood and time for the development of this city and you have made indians of all backgrounds proud.
you have illuminated the names of every religion, every state and every caste, gandhi said while praising them.
he told them that he is a common man like them and would always stand by them.
the battle has begun.
and we are going to win, gandhi said, hinting at the 2019 general elections in india.
accompanied by kerala congress leader oommen chandy and indian overseas congress chairman sampitroda , gandhi was welcomed to loud cheers from the labourers gathered in the camp.
earlier, gandhi met with the business leaders in dubai.
at his meeting with business leaders and professionals in dubai, he interacted with prominent uae businessmen including b r shetty.
at the beginning of the day, gandhi and pitroda met with business leaders at a breakfast meeting.
the congress president had a meaningful interaction with members of the indian business and professional council in dubai, the twitter account of the indian national congress said in a tweet.
he also interacted with the punjabi community in dubai.
a construction worker from jabel ali labour colony said he wants to see gandhi leading india with compassion and care for all indians.
gandhi is also set to meet some uae ministers during his two-day visit to dubai and abu dhabi.
by ptihoshiarpur(punjab): prime minister narendra modi on friday criticised the congress for its 'historic blunder' that let kartarpur sahib, the final resting place of sikhism's founder guru nanak go to pakistan during partition.
addressing his first rally in punjab for the lok sabha polls, modi tore into the opposition party over its leader sam pitroda's remark on the 1984 ant-sikh riots.
a day earlier, pitroda had said 'hua to hua' (roughly translated as 'it happened, so what?
') when questioned by a reporter on the riots following the assassination of indira gandhi.
also read| sam pitroda's 'hua to hua' remark on sikh riots shows congress' arrogance: pm modiapart from the riots, modi touched upon kartarpur sahib, an emotive issue among the sikhs in punjab as the state goes to the polls in the last phase on may 19.
at the time of partition, barely a few kilometres away, our kartarpur sahib was snatched from us.
and because of the historic blunder by the congress, pakistan has got an opportunity to play with our sentiments, he said.
follow our election coverage herewhat is shameful is that when we came up with a solution for the kartarpur sahib corridor, congress 'darbaris' (courtiers) started praising pakistan.
this congress politics has promoted pakistan and pakistan-sponsored terror, he claimed.
modi was apparently referring to the controversy over punjab minister navjot sidhu's praise for pakistan prime minister imran khan over the setting up of a corridor which would allow indian pilgrims to visit the shrine across the border.
modi held the congress of guilty of another 'sin', referring to sharing of river water between the two countries.
punjab and other areas are in need of our rightful share of water which is flowing to pakistan, he said, apparently referring to the unutilised water from india's share under the indus waters treaty.
for 70 years, our farmers have been deprived of the rightful share of water, and previous congress governments did nothing about it, he added.
for 70 years, the congress failed to stop the flow of water to pakistan.
they were aware that farmers of punjab and haryana needed the water.
but they felt stopping the water from flowing into pakistan will 'upset their vote bank', he alleged.
i will not let a single drop of water which is our rightful share flow to pakistan.
i will ensure that the water reaches the fields of the farmers of punjab, he said.
modi described the bjp-shiromani akali dal alliance in punjab as a 'union of hearts'.
by ptichandigarh: prime minister narendra modi tuesday attacked the congress after its leader mani shankar aiyar reiterated his neech remark, saying the party has ruled the country for decades with this mindset.
he also said the nation was electing a strong government and was choosing from india first, than family first.
addressing an election rally here tuesday evening in favour of bjp candidate kirron kher, modi slammed aiyar, without naming him.
during gujarat elections, their confidante who had occupied an important position in their government said modi is 'neech'.
there was an outrage in gujarat and then, they (congress) pretended to throw him out of the party.
after some days, he was taken back, he said without naming aiyar.
also read | 'stand by every word': mani shankar aiyar defends his 'neech aadmi' jibe at pm modiwhat they did was wrong.
he openly says there was nothing wrong in abusing me.
namdaar's family and his friends ruled the country for decades with this mindset, modi said.
aiyar, in an article tuesday, justified his neech jibe against modi, and also called him the most foul-mouthed prime minister the country has seen.
modi, at the rally, also slammed congress leader sampitroda over his 'hua to hua' remarks on 1984 anti-sikh riots, saying it reflected the congress's arrogance.
when a confidant of namdaar's family makes such comments, then you can understand whose language he was speaking.
i can say with confidence that had the elections not been there in punjab, then namdaar would not have admonished him, he claimed.
modi was referring to congress president rahul gandhi rebuking pitroda for his comments and saying that the party's overseas unit chief should be ashamed of himself for the totally wrong remarks.
he (gandhi) would not have pretended to utter even a single word to him, he said.
when the elections will be over in punjab, he will again hug his 'guru' (pitroda), said modi.
he claimed that even when scams worth crore of rupees took place, congress was thinking 'hua to hua'.
also read | sampitroda apologises for remarks on sikh riots, says his words twisted due to his 'bad hindi'when a former railway minister's relative was indulging in corruption in recruitment, the congress was thinking 'hua to hua', he said in a veiled attack.
he was referring to the corruption charges against a nephew of former railway minister and congress candidate from chandigarh, pawan kumar bansal.
modi said the country was electing a determined and strong government and not one which is helpless.
it is choosing 'india first', than 'family first', not dynasty but development, he said, adding the nation was choosing those who had hit terrorists in their den.
modi also used a popular sport, cricket, to target the upa government.
follow our election coverage herehe said cricket had become a part of life in india, but in 2009 and 2014 when the congress-led upa government was in power, the tournament was shifted to another country during general elections as the then dispensation was unsure if it could provide security or not.
are lok sabha elections not going on now?
is the ipl not being played here, he asked, praising his government for ensuring that ipl goes on simultaneously with general elections.
besides ensuring smooth celebration of religious festivals, including navratri, easter and ramzan, after the announcement of elections, relief measures were also carried out in eastern part of the country, which was hit by cyclone fani recently, he said.
how is everything being managed at same time now, he asked the gathering.
modi also said that in 2014, the congress and their mahamilavati allies were not been able to digest the people's mandate and added that since he had assumed power, they were trying to insult all decisions taken by him.
he said that as a result of transparent policies of his government, eight crore fake beneficiaries of various schemes were identified.
when shops of so many middlemen have been shut by this chowkidar, it is causing them pain.
for our government, dbt means direct benefit transfer, but their dbt is direct bicholia transfer (to benefit middlemen), he said.
meanwhile, around 12 college students were detained by police for selling modi pakodas wearing their degree robes near the venue of the prime minister's rally here.
the students were selling pakodas named after modi and their degrees - engineer, ba and llb, near the venue he was to address the rally.
