chatterjee and pitroda at the meeting.
(pradip sanyal) calcutta, sept.
17: the core committee set up by the government to frame bengals information technology policy today decided to conduct a study to assess where the state stands.
at its first meeting, the committee also decided to set up eight working groups covering areas such as education and infrastructure to facilitate the growth of technology.
everyone here is complaining about infrastructure  roads, policies, power, logistics.
why would any company come here as opposed to bangalore, mumbai, pune or hyderabad?
if we want business to grow, we need people and we need to understand what we can offer them, said pitroda, who is also the adviser to the prime minister on public information infrastructure and innovations.
the working groups, to be set up in areas of e-governance, e-health, e-education, infrastructure and human resources, will hand in their reports in four to six weeks, he added.
i am not comfortable with an ad hoc approach.
we will first need to have a baseline.
this will serve as a benchmark and help incorporate the present state of it in bengal, pitroda said.
one working group will do a baseline for software and another for hardware.
we have worked out a programme.
to give inputs, we will need to do a lot more.
the inputs shall be incorporated in the states new it policy.
the core committee, formed by mamata banerjee to help bengal emerge as a top it destination, has infosys chairman emeritus n.r. narayana murthy as its chief mentor.
its members include former nasscom president kiran karnik, nasscom eastern region head suparno moitra and the chatterjee group president aniruddha lahiri, among others.
pitroda said that since land was an issue in bengal, the software industry should opt for vertical expansion by building high-rises and adding floors to existing offices.
he said the state was truly a gateway to the asia-pacific region.
it minister partha chatterjee, karnik and it secretary basudeb banerjee attended the meeting.
murthy participated through video-conferencing.
he stressed the need for infrastructure and a conducive atmosphere.
chatterjee alleged that the left government had done nothing to develop it infrastructure.
they provided land without setting up necessary infrastructure, he said.
a vision document for it in the districts is being prepared.
later, pitroda met law minister malay ghatak, finance minister amit mitra, chief secretary samar ghosh, health secretary sanjay mitra and officials of the chief ministers office at writers.
i also met (calcutta high court) chief justice j. n. patel and spoke on the modernisation of courts.
i met the chief minister last evening, pitroda said.
we are also focusing on health, education, building a knowledge city, job creation and skill development.
asked if he was consulted by the government on the ways to improve the fiscal situation, pitroda said: it isnt my job, but id be happy to help.
our special correspondentnew delhi: more than 500 students from top indian and foreign universities have applied for a four-week course in public policy conducted by the congress's national students union of india (nsui).
on monday, students from the national law universities, delhi university's law faculty, st. stephen's college, lady shri ram college, ramjas college, hindu college, iim bangalore, iim ahmedabad and various other iits and iims, imperial college london, harvard university, university of illinois at urbana-champaign, durham university, dartmouth college and singapore's lee kuan yew school of public policy will begin the future of india fellowship.
the fellowship is scheduled from june 11 to july 6 in delhi.
those selected will work on governance, economy, foreign affairs, technology and communication, elections, minority rights and reservations.
they will be guided by p. chidambaram, salman khurshid, sampitroda , jairam ramesh, ajay maken, k. raju, shashi tharoor, sachin pilot, rajeev gowda, meenakshi natarajan, p.l. punia and sushmita dev.
field visits have also been planned.
rahul gandhi elaborated his agenda for india at the plenary session of the recent meet of the confederation of indian industry in new delhi.
he read out the formal presentation and then, microphone in hand, answered a rather innocent question on centre-state relations by speaking substantively on his idea of a new, young and dynamic india of the immediate and long-term future and explained his work in progress.
it was riveting for the assembled captains of industry, diplomats, babus and politicians.
he poked gentle fun at some by underlining their presence in the hall, and equally, and emphatically, praised those like sampitroda and nandan nilekani for breaking out of the constraints of politics and babudom to make an idea become a reality on the ground.
it was after decades that a politician spoke of the leadership of ideas.
it was hugely refreshing to hear a young man converse rather than declaim and posture from the rostrum.
gandhi shared a set of serious and well thought-through ideas with the audience and attempted to provoke the corporates he was addressing into working towards an active, carefully calibrated, systematic and institutional public-private participation.
he dismissed the undue importance that is given to tinkering with change and to incremental gains.
he talked of inclusion as the most potent ingredient of growth, discarding the failed notion of the trickle-down effect that has kept india in limbo.
it was clear from his persona, his controlled passion and more that his idea of india is waiting to take off.
federal decentralization lies at the core of his political position.
we finally have a long-distance runner, a leader to counter the endless others who are politically and socially self-serving, insular and out of sync with a changing world.
that was the message that came across strong and clear.
it was an engagement completely devoid of the arrogance of status and power that is imposed on us by pompous leaders of all parties.
simple upshot needless to say, the electronic media were dumbstruck because they did not expect the articulation of gandhis idea of india as it came across the footlights, having damned him relentlessly as a man without an idea  in the political ring only because of his dna.
was their pre-planned response disturbed?
had they forgotten that the same dna that puts him in the ring also gives him an intellectual edge and a political commitment to india?
are they willing to step back and see what is happening around them that they may have ignored because it did not fit their package and the demands thereof?
the thin veneer of public relations and packaging that has invaded the politics of india over the last few decades was torn apart by gandhi, who spoke of fundamental issues, and he spoke from the heart.
the bharatiya janata party has gone into a futile attack with no ballast whatsoever, because there was nothing in gandhis interaction at the cii meet that merits an attack.
he spelt out the truth of the reality of india and his one-point agenda to correct it with equal participation from all sections of society.
so, the opposition goes on and on, using ineffective counterpoints, much like it has been doing for years.
industry, in general, was pleasantly surprised by gandhis interventions.
i am sure there will be those few exceptions with a strong bjp bias  people who will predictably hit out at him in the press.
the upshot was simple this conversation that gandhi had with industry was far more interesting than the predictable declamations of the past by other political leaders of all parties including the congress.
and what is most important  he was young and not an ageing, propped up mannequin.
chief minister naveen patnaiks attends an industries review meeting in bhubaneswar on friday.
telegraph picture bhubaneswar, june 3: the start-up policy of the state government will be implemented from this month, while a host of new industry-friendly policies will be put into effect by march next year.
these policies include plastic and petro-chemical policy, healthcare investment policy, pharmaceutical policy, automobile and auto component policy and textile policy.
all these policies will be formulated under vision-2015 to give a boost to industries sector, which has witnessed a slowdown in the recent years.
a few big projects, such as the steel plant of posco, have been a non-starter.
the decision to implement the new policies was taken at a meeting chaired by chief minister naveen patnaik today.
naveen advised the officials to project odisha as a major manufacturing hub in the eastern part of the country.
at present, manufacturing sector contributes 16.
7 per cent of the gross domestic product of the state.
the chief minister has asked his officials to make a significant improvement in the manufacturing sector during the next five years.
under the vision-2025, a target has been set for bringing investment to the tune of rs 2.
5 lakh crore and also for creation of 10 lakh jobs.
thirty nine projects with an investment proposal of rs 48,000 crore have been cleared during 2015-16.
emphasis was laid on development of infrastructure to help realisation of the projects at the earliest.
it was decided that a land bank would be created with one lakh acres and four industrial estates would be set up.
it was also decided in the meeting that the proposed national investment manufacturing zone and at kalinga nagar and petrochemical investment region in paradip would get clearance by october this year.
in another development, steps have been taken to woo investors by organising road shows at various places and investors' meet in bangalore, chennai and hyderabad.
the chief minister today asked the state government officials to expeditiously implement the policies prepared for textile, handicraft and handloom sector .
telecom policy at a separate meeting, the state government decided that a telecom policy would be formulated by this month end under the guidance of telecom wizard sampitroda , who has been appointed as the technical adviser to the state government.
a new business process outsourcing (bpo) policy would be implemented by the current year.
under the bpo policy, 10,000 bpos will be set up in rural areas.
narasingha mishra bhubaneswar, march 23: congress legislature party leader narasingha mishra has decided to surrender his security and the red beacon fitted to his official vehicle, taking a cue from the congress government, headed by captain amarinder singh in punjab, that ministers will not use red beacons in official vehicles.
mishra, who is the leader of opposition, enjoys the rank of a cabinet minister.
mishra said he had already communicated his decision to the state government.
he has written a letter to the chief secretary in this regard.
i will also not use the escort party provided by police during my official tours, he said.
only those in charge of maintaining law and order should use the red beacon on their cars while on duty.
there are 21 ministers in the state, including chief minister naveen patnaik.
there are 21 others, excluding the leader of opposition who enjoy the status of the ministers and are entitled to use red beacons and police escort.
non-political appointees - sampitroda , subrato bagchi, k. srinath reddy and r.n. das - who have been appointed as advisors to the government, too, are entitled to the privileges and perquisites of the ministers.
sources said that after the debacle of the party in the recent panchayat polls, mishra would like to make extensive visits to various parts of the state to strengthen the organisation.
people have developed an apathy towards ministers.
when the leader of opposition travels in his official vehicle, people mistake him to be a minister and stay away.
the purpose is to end the vip culture and also give the message that the congress is with the people, mishra said.
while mishra's party colleagues welcomed the move, bjd spokesperson d.s. mishra said there was no harm in people occupying high posts using red beacon-fitted cars and police security.
pitroda with mamata at writers.
(bishwarup dutta) calcutta, july 16: mamata banerjee today announced that sampitroda would be her governments chief adviser on bengals resurgence.
pitroda, the prime ministers adviser on public information infrastructure and innovations, met the chief minister at writers for over 75 minutes this afternoon and had, what he termed, a brief dialogue on parivartan (change).
after the meeting, pitroda said bengal a big state with big problems but he could act as a catalyst for development.
asked if he would come to calcutta several times to offer his guidance to the state government, pitroda said his heart and mind were in bengal.
in this age of communication, i dont really need to keep showing up physically for this purpose.
i am here in my heart and mind.
mamata lauded pitroda for bringing about indias communications revolution and said his guidance would not only help in the process of bengals resurgence but also present the state before the world in a better light.
his advice will be of great use to us.
he will not only help us on information technology but also as the chief advisor on bengals resurgence.
he will guide us on how the states image  with its culture, arts, knowledge, industry and commerce  can be presented before the world in a better way, the chief minister said.
pitroda said his partnership with the state government would be good and he would act as a catalyst in the development of sectors such as technology, education, innovation and health.
im in a hurry because i am 70 and i dont have much time.
she (mamata) is also in a hurry because she wants to do a lot of things, he said.
what has happened in the last 30 years is behind us.
we need a definite direction for the next 30 years.
we need massive change now in education, health and investment.
new delhi, june 16: the high cut-off marks set for admission to delhi university courses, such as the 100 per cent scores demanded by sri ram college of commerce, reflect a deep-rooted crisis in the field of higher education in india.
namely, a mismatch between the demand for, and supply of, quality institutions.
(see chart) india now has about 500 universities (roughly 300 government-run, 70 private and 130 deemed varsities) but needs four times this number, say government-appointed committees and experts.
but adding 1,500 universities isnt easy, especially keeping in mind how deemed universities are already enmeshed in controversy over their failure to meet quality norms.
the demand for quality institutions, meanwhile, keeps increasing every year because the number of students clearing their class xii boards keeps rising.
without a similar increase in the number of higher-education institutions, the race for admission to the small number of good colleges gets stiffer by the year.
what turns the rush into a stampede is that the students are interested in specific courses in particular institutions, because of the quality of education and job opportunities on offer.
when there is a limited number of quality institutions and the number of aspirants is increasing, the cut-off for admission has to be high.
the answer lies in expanding higher education with quality, said former delhi university vice-chancellor deepak pental.
the now-disbanded national knowledge commission (nkc) had suggested as far back as 2007 that india needed another 1,500 universities.
two years later, the committee for renovation and rejuvenation of higher education, headed by renowned academic yashpal, had quoted exactly the same figure.
these proposed 1,500 universities should be created by upgrading existing colleges that are good in teaching and research, yashpal had said.
this month, the university grants commission (ugc) suggested that autonomous colleges identified as colleges with potential for excellence be converted into universities.
the shortage of colleges means india has a poor gross enrolment ratio (ger), the percentage of the population in the 18-23 age group enrolled in higher-education courses.
the ger is just 14 in india, far below the global average of 23.
this means 86 per cent of the estimated 15 crore indians aged between 18 and 23 are out of the higher-education system.
the ger was about 10 per cent in 2005-06.
earlier, the countrys economy used to grow at just two to three per cent.
all the sectors, including higher education, failed to witness the required expansion.
now, since our economy is growing at eight to nine per cent, we need to focus on expansion of higher education with quality and equity.
at present, there is a gross mismatch between demand and supply in higher education.
in its approach paper on higher education for the 12th plan, the ugc has asked that the private sector be encouraged to set up higher-education institutions in partnership with the government.
it has also suggested introduction of a credit system and semesters to make it easier for students to switch universities.
an angry mani shankar aiyar on tuesday said he was being hounded by the media, which he said was trying to resurrect the controversy over his neech aadmi remark of 2017, and ordered reporters to go through his article fully instead of creating a false perception based on two lines.
the full article  published first in rising kashmir on monday, headlined on cloud nine of nationalism  condemned prime minister narendra modi for indulging in anti-national activity, spreading unscientific temper, insulting the armed forces, and suspected his lying was the outcome of a compulsive psychological disorder.
the congress quickly distanced itself from aiyars views.
the two lines which aiyar said are not the crux of the matter are: that (modis ouster on may 23) would be a fitting end to the most foul-mouthed prime minister this country has seen or is likely to see.
remember how i described him on 7 december 2017?
in the middle of the gujarat assembly election that day, aiyar had described modi as neech kism ka aadmi.
the prime minister promptly interpreted it as a caste slur.
the congress was rattled and suspended aiyar but many in the party felt modi managed to garner enough sympathy to add a few more seats to his stock.
the congress quietly revoked aiyars suspension last year, but he wasnt given any assignment.
in his latest article, aiyar re-ignited the neech debate by stating as the last line: was i not prophetic?
the timing of the new article, when the last election phase is days away, generated much curiosity as the bjp and modi pounced on his remark with full force.
congress president rahul gandhi anticipated the fallout and tweeted immediately: im pushing for a new language in politics.
lets fight each other brutally on issues.
lets fight hard on ideology.
but.
.
.
lets not use hatred and violence against each other.
its bad for india.
congress communications chief randeep surjewala disapproved aiyars remark, saying: hatred, abuse and violence can be modis weapons in politics but no congressman should stoop that low.
some people do this to remain in news but the congress does not support this tendency.
that is not our tradition.
modi may be blinded by rage and revenge and has been using abusive language.
but in the process, he annihilated political decency and the dignity of the high office he holds.
instead of giving sermons on decency, he should explain his own conduct.
he called sonia gandhi congress ki widhwa (widow), used expressions like pachaas crore ki girlfriend, patted himachal bjp chief who gave filthy abuse to rahul gandhi, called manmohan singh a pakistani agent.
amit shah compared opposition leaders with animals, surjewala added.
asked about the timing of the article, aiyar told the telegraph: read the article.
dont try to create a false impression using two lines.
in the article, aiyar referred to jawaharlal nehrus commitment to the task of creating scientific temper which he said was an expression that drives sanghis nuts because they like to believe the udan khatolas of mythology were the earliest f-16s to be invented by hindus, and that hindu plastic surgery, not a transplant operation, is what led to an elephants head surmounting lord ganesh.
both these stunningly illiterate claims come from the mouth of none less than the prime minister of our country, whose acquaintance with higher education has gone no further than lying about degrees from delhi and gujarat universities that he never got and who can obviously not tell a scientific proposition from a dhokla.
agreeing that educational qualification wasnt essential for good leadership, he wrote: but why lie about ones educational qualifications  or lack of them?
unless, of course, such lying is a compulsive psychological disorder.
he said modis cloud-&-radar logic in the context of the balakot air strike was to insult our brave airmen and, above all, the chief of air staff; aiyar also raked up the ins viraat controversy and argued that modi should have withdrawn his allegations after four of the senior-most naval officers clarified.
the bjp was quick to make the best of aiyars comeback bid.
the glee with which right-wing handles  many with chowkidar prefixed to their names  pounced on aiyars article was testimony to how much he was missed by modi bhakts in the 17th lok sabha elections after he gifted the bjp the chaiwala comment in 2014.
bjp rajya sabha mp gvl narasimha rao tweeted: abuser-in-chief aiyar returns to justify 2017 neech jibe at @narendramodi ji.
aiyar then apologized & hid behind poor hindi excuse.
now he says he was prophetic.
congr revoked his suspension last year for filthy outburst.
double speak & arrogance of @incindia on display again!
bjps it in-charge amit malviya tweeted: upset that sampitroda was getting all the attention, the irrepressible mani shankar aiyar pulls pitrodas foot out of his mouth and puts it in his.
.
.
reiterates and justifies his neech comment for pm!
upset that sampitroda was getting all the attention, the irrepressible mani shankar aiyar pulls pitrodas foot out of his mouth and puts it in his.
.
.
reiterates and justifies his neech comment for pm!
pic.
twitter.com/0oucjegjp3  chowkidar amit malviya (@amitmalviya) may 14, 2019aiyars low profile through this election season had spawned various whatsapp conspiracy theories.
rajya sabha mp swapan dasgupta made a reference to one of them in his tweet: welcome back my good friend mani shankar aiyar.
reassured that you werent there in balakot.
the bjp regretted your absence during the campaign but there is still the final over left.
prime minister narendra modi, addressing his last rally in bihar for this lok sabha election, on wednesday harped on his connection with lord krishna in what was seen as an effort to woo yadav voters.
people belonging to the yadav caste believe they are descendants of lord krishna.
i have a strong connection with the yaduvanshis as i come from gujarat, where dwarka is situated.
the community worships lord krishna and knows how to play the flute and when and where to strike with the sudarshan chakra, he said.
modis outreach  at paliganj, around 45km southwest of patna  was accompanied by an assault on the family  read party  that is believed to have the yadav votes in its pocket.
without taking the name of lalu prasad or any family members of the rashtriya janata dal (rjd) chief, modi said: they cheated the caste which gave them post and fame.
they did nothing for their caste men and when it came to giving important roles they didnt select anyone from their caste and opted for family members.
modi, accompanied by bihar chief minister nitish kumar and lok janshakti party chief ram vilas paswan, was canvassing for bjp candidate ram kripal yadav from the pataliputra constituency, patna sahib candidate ravi shankar prasad and chandeshwar chandravanshi, thejanata dal united candidate from jehanabad.
pataliputra has a sizeable number of yadav voters.
ram kripal was earlier with the rjd and had joined the bjp just ahead of the 2014 general elections after lalu prasad had turned down his request for a ticket from the seat.
ram kripal had beaten lalus eldest daughter, misa bharti.
this years battle is a replay of that contest, and lalus family members including wife rabri devi are campaigning intensively for misa.
the naamdaar (famous name or surname) family of the congress and the corrupt family from this place have acquired assets worth hundreds of crores.
after grabbing hundreds of acres of land they have got cut-off from land.
for them, poverty is just a word and they dont know the real meaning of the word, modi said.
the prime minister highlighted the 10 per cent reservation for economically weaker sections among the general category in what was seen as an effort to woo upper caste voters, who make up a sizeable chunk in patna sahib and jehanabad.
this is my last election rally in bihar, modi said at his 10th rally in the state in this election, and promised a vikaas ki ganga (flood of development) in his next tenure.
he accused the opposition of being soft on terrorism, and insisted that sampitroda hua toh hua remark reflected the congresss arrogance with regard to the complicity of its leaders in the 1984 anti-sikh riots.
in an apparent bid to woo the nishad (fishermen) community, whose cause the fledgling vikassheel insaan party claims to champion, modi said that in his next tenure he would unveil plans to ensure fishermen from bihar sell fish outside the state.
tathagata satpathybhubaneswar, april 20: bjd mp tathagata satpathy today dubbed the centre's decision to remove red beacons from official vehicles a joke and dared it to remove all a to z category security if it was serious.
decision to remove red beacon is a joke.
if serious let's see govt remove all a to z category security, he wrote on twitter through his official handle @satpathylive.
when traffic blocking stops, pilot & follow cars discontinued, real vip culture will start crumbling.
till then this a cosmetic show, he said.
replying to a tweet, satpathy said: damodardass ji wants to show he is anti vip culture.
he should remove security first.
bjd president and odisha chief minister naveen patnaik appeared to endorse the spirit behind satpathy's remarks.
in reply to a question about satpathy's tweets, he said: there is no harm in doing away with it (security).
naveen carries the least possible security despite he being eligible for z-plus cover.
following the centre's decision on wednesday, naveen had removed the red beacon from his official maruti esteem car and went back to his residence from the state secretariat in it.
all his ministers today came to the secretariat in vehicles that did not have beacons.
apart from his 20 ministers, the governor, speaker and deputy speaker of the odisha legislative assembly, deputy chairperson of the planning board and four advisors - sampitroda , subrato bagchi, k. srinath reddy and rabi narayan das enjoy ministerial perquisites, which included official vehicles fitted with red beacons.
nearly a dozen heads of district planning boards, too, enjoy ministerial ranks.
prime minister narendra modi on wednesday asserted that terrorism could be wiped out only by an aggressive strategy like the one adopted by his government and scoffed at the opposition for taking exception to making national security an election issue.
the mahamilavatis say national security is not an issue.
how can it not be one when so many common people lose their lives in terrorist attacks?
the perpetrators ought to be finished the way we did, by chasing them to their hideouts (ghar mein ghuskar mara), modi said in an oblique reference to the balakot air strikes.
addressing an election rally here under pataliputra lok sabha constituency, modi made an emotional appeal to the voters this is my last public meeting in the state during elections.
but i will be back with my development projects among you in my fresh tenure.
your love has made me confident of a victory.
but please do ensure, in the last phase, that the magnitude of the victory is handsome.
the prime minister also attacked the congress over sampitroda hua to hua remark and alleged that it reflected the opposition partys arrogance and unapologetic attitude about the 1984 anti-sikh riots.
he also came down heavily on lalu prasads rjd, the congress ally in bihar which he did not mention by name, accusing it of using the support of caste for achieving power but thereafter promoting those within the family, ignoring the contributions of workers with potential.
he also attacked the rjd for having allegedly promoted criminalisation during its stint in power and failure to come up with innovations aimed at improving the living standards of the poor.
boost was the secret of kapil devs energy.
but what has turned sharad pawar so energetic at the ripe age of 78?
the corridors of power in maharashtra are agog with pawars agility during poll season.
the maratha strongman addressed as many as 76 meetings during the campaign in maharashtra.
he did not choose to put his feet up even after the polls were over.
the leader of the nationalist congress party moved to drought-affected regions of the state as soon as voting ended.
that was not all.
he was involved in candidate selection for the ncp, held negotiations with the congress and played a key role in bringing secular parties together.
ncp leaders say that although pawar took the help of helicopters during his longer tours, he had instructed candidates to arrange for road travel in every constituency so that he could meet a large number of people in the villages.
even congress leaders from maharashtra admit that the wily politicians sincerity and commitment were quite remarkable this time.
the reason for the boost in pawars energy levels is obvious: he is one of the front-runners to lead a coalition government in the case of a hung parliament.
other regional leaders like mamata banerjee and mayawati may have more mps from their parties but sources say that the congress president, rahul gandhi, would prefer pawar to others if he agreed to merge the ncp with the congress.
the fact that pawar did not contest the elections himself is not a problem either; he is a rajya sabha member.
bjp leader shivraj singh chouhan at a press conference in bhopal on thursday, may 9, 2019.
(pti)the bharatiya janata partys slogan for the general elections is phir ek bar, modi sarkar (modi government once more).
but in madhya pradesh, the former chief minister, shivraj singh chouhan, seems to be pitching for laut ke aaye, shivraj sarkar (the return of shivraj government).
chouhan, who lost to the congress by a narrow margin in the december assembly polls last year, is believed to have smelt an opportunity for reclaiming the throne in the state if the bjp were to perform well in madhya pradesh.
he is campaigning hard for the lok sabha polls but more than 70 per cent of his speech at every rally is devoted to local issues.
he is repeatedly alleging how the congress has failed to fulfil the promise of waiving farm loans in 10 days, stressing that the kamal nath government was a lame dispensation that could fall anytime.
significantly, the appeal to return narendra modis sarkar to power comes only at the end of his speeches.
the bjp had won 27 of the 29 lok sabha seats in 2014.
however, this time, there are fears that the party could lose a dozen seats.
if the bjp manages to hold on to the state with a marginal setback, then chouhan can take credit for the performance.
a better-than-expected result combined with the return of the modi government at the centre could destabilize the congress government in the state.
that could be the opportunity that chouhan is looking forward to.
little wonder then that he does not want the modi-shah duopoly to remove him from the state.
lucky breakthe congress rebel, shakeel ahmed, was sailing smoothly in his madhubani constituency but misfortune struck barely 10-12 hours before voting started.
ahmed had defied the party leadership and violated the principles of coalition dharma by filing his nomination from his fief as an independent.
the congress had not taken any action against him.
the official nominee on behalf of the alliance belonged to a small outfit and ahmed thought that it would not be able to force the congress high command to act against him.
but a few congress leaders from bihar, led by the campaign committee chief, akhilesh singh, were determined to teach ahmed a lesson.
they kept pressurizing the high command to act against the rebel candidate.
surprisingly, a letter surfaced with the signature of motilal vora announcing ahmeds suspension on poll eve.
there was a twist in the plot though.
vora, who was the aicc treasurer earlier, does not have the authority to issue such a letter.
a number of people thus suspected that the letter had been forged.
but then the aicc gen-sec in charge of organization, kc venugopal, issued a letter endorsing voras decision, a fact that is being disputed.
the grapevine has it that the suspension has been managed without rahul gandhis consent and that ahmeds return to the congress is imminent irrespective of whether he wins or loses the polls.
some guys have all the luck.
damage control: congress leader sampitroda at the golden temple source: @sampitroda sampitroda remark about the 1984 anti-sikh riots  hua toh hua  was blown out of proportion by the bjp and a section of the media to harm the congresss prospects in poll-bound delhi and punjab.
pitroda tried to control the damage by visiting the golden temple and posting a photograph along with a message.
it remains to be seen whether this will be enough to stop the bjp and its patrons in the media from achieving their goal.
sanjay k. jhahardik patelnew delhi: the congress on thursday expressed confidence about winning the support of the hardik patel-led patidar anamat andolan samiti (paas) despite failing to clinch a deal at a late-night meeting.
a senior congress leader told the telegraph: the meeting went very well.
the paas understands our intention and both sides appeared keen to work together.
we have explained to them the options available under the constitutional framework and given them a formula in writing.
they will examine the proposal and get back in a couple of days.
congress leaders refused to divulge the exact proposals but said the existing obc quota will not be disturbed.
they admitted that patidar (patel) leaders insisted on obc status, which looked difficult.
paas convener dinesh bambhania, who led the delegation in the absence of hardik, also said the congress demonstrated the political will to accommodate their demands.
the meeting took place at the congress office in ahmedabad from 11.
30pm on wednesday to 2am on thursday.
while the congress had sent constitutional expert kapil sibal to explain the legal position and existing models in some states that have given reservation over the 50 per cent limit set by the supreme court, other leaders were also present.
they included bharatsinh solanki, shaktisinh gohil, arjun modhwadia and sidharth patel.
the congress is keen to resolve the issue before rahul returns to gujarat for his last three-day tour on saturday ahead of the assembly elections next month.
the congress is also finalising its manifesto and technocrat sampitroda on thursday interacted with different sections in gujarat to understand the aspirations of people that could be reflected in the document.
pitroda hinted at a larger focus on informal and unorganised sectors to create more jobs.
the patels' quota demand too has to be included in the manifesto.
bambhania, the paas convenor, said after the meeting: 'we have been given three options by the congress on reservations in educational institutions and government jobs.
the options will be kept confidential till we discuss it with hardik, community leaders, legal experts and then they would be placed before our community.
if the community accepts, we will convey it to the congress.
while the congress has already consolidated obc support with the induction of alpesh thakor and cannot afford to antagonise them by interfere with the existing quota scheme, it has walked the extra mile to accommodate the patels who too have firmly positioned themselves against the ruling bjp.
the congress knows there is no need to make outlandish commitments as hardik has few political options at this juncture.
three words - huwa toh huwa - taken out of a soundbite of sampitroda compelled the congress to issue an explanation in the context of the 1984 anti-sikh riots after narendra modi and the bjp's leading lights gunned for the technology entrepreneur and policy maker who is part of rahul gandhi's team.
the pitroda video was on some twitter handles yesterday.
on a reporter's question, pitroda was commenting on a bjp allegation that the anti-sikh riots after indira gandhi's assassination had the backing of the pmo in 1984 when rajiv gandhi was the prime minister.
pitroda dismissed this allegation as a lie.
arre aap toh roj jhooth bolte rehte yaar.
aaj hamare pe jhooth bola, kal aap pe jhooth bola.
aur aap log jhooth promote karte rehte hain (you tell lies every day.
today, the lie is about me, tomorrow it will be about you.
and you (journalists) promote these lies), he said.
after this, pitroda seemed to lose his cool a bit.
as if speaking directly to modi, he said: ab kya hai 84 ka?
baat toh kariye aapne kya kiya paanch saal mein.
uska baat kariye.
84 huwa toh huwa.
aapne kya kiya (now what about 84?
tell us what you did in the last five years.
talk to us about that.
what happened in 84, happened.
what did you do).
this morning, huwa toh huwa was all that was heard.
in a bite given to ani this afternoon in rohtak, the prime minister tarred the congress with the pitroda soundbite.
he said the comment was not about the thinking of one person, this was about the congress mindset.
woh teen shabd the huwa to huwa huwa toh huwa.
we can understand the arrogance of congress in these three words, he told the rally.
#watch: pm narendra modi to ani on sam pitroda's remarks on 1984 riots, reflects congress's mentality.
rajiv gandhi had said 'when a big tree falls earth shakes'.
they even made kamal nath incharge of punjab, now made him mp cm.
so don't take this as an individual's statement pic.
twitter.com/v3mojzmqye  ani (@ani) may 10, 2019the congress, which released a statement hour's after the prime minister's reaction, said: violence and riots are unacceptable and unpardonable in our society.
the party, the statement said, had stirved to give justice to the 1984 riot sufferers.
any remark made to the contrary, 'including shri sampitroda is not the opinion of the party.
in 2005, then prime minister manmohan singh had apologised for the anti-sikh riots in parliament, an unparalleled gesture by any government.
i have no hesitation in apologising to the sikh community.
i apologise not only to the sikh community, but to the whole indian nation because what took place in 1984 is the negation of the concept of nationhood enshrined in our constitution, he had said.
pitroda, born in a gujarati family in odisha, was known to be close to rajiv gandhi, whom the prime minister recently called bhrashtachari number 1.
he explained this evening that his hindi was not too good and he had wanted to say jo huwa bura huwa.
he said the party had taken some words out of the context and twisted it.
this is not the first time this election season that pitroda, who is the chairman of the overseas indian national congress, has faced political heat because of his comments.
in march, during an interview to news agency ani, he asked for proof of the success of the balakot airstrikes, and the bjp quickly pounced on this to make election hay.
congress party issues statement over sam pitroda's remark on 1984 anti-sikh riots.
states, '.
.
.
we continue to support the quest for justice for 1984 riot victims.
any opinion remark made by any individual to the contrary including sampitroda is not the opinion of congress party' pic.
twitter.com/yd1rxfycye  ani (@ani) may 10, 2019pitroda, going by his twitter posts, was in punjab on may 8.
his twitter timeline shows he was at the jallianwala bagh memorial and the golden temple that day.
the video bite appeared on social media the following day.
bjp spokesperson sambit patra said pitroda's words were insensitive and inhuman.
thousands of sikhs were killed on the roads of delhi and when that issue is raised, then sampitroda , who is a veteran politician, reacts as 'huwa toh huwa'.
84 doesnt mean anything to them, he said.
in an article, written for rising kashmir, mani shankar aiyar (in picture) also slammed modi on a series of issues and asked, remember how i described him on 7 december 2017?
was i not prophetic?
telegraph file picturecongress leader mani shankar aiyar was back in the news on tuesday with an article justifying his neech jibe against prime minister narendra modi two years ago, prompting the bjp to call him abuser-in-chief and his party arrogant.
in an article, written for rising kashmir, aiyar also slammed modi on a series of issues and asked, remember how i described him on 7 december 2017?
was i not prophetic?
aiyar's comments have come at a time the congress is already facing the heat for the hua toh hua comment by sampitroda , a party leader believed to be close to rahul gandhi.
the backlash on pitroda's comment compelled rahul to publicly rebuke pitroda in the middle of an election in punjab.
in 2017, the former union minister called modi neech aadmi following which he was suspended from the congress party, but it was revoked in august last year.
bjp spokesperson g.v.l narasimha rao tweeted in response to an article in the print saying abuser-in-chief' aiyar had returned to justify his 2017 'neech' jibe.
.
.
.
aiyar then apologized & hid behind poor hindi excuse.
now he says he was prophetic.
congr revoked his suspension last year for filthy outburst.
double speak & arrogance of congress on display again!
congress president rahul gandhi on wednesday asked sampitroda to apologise for using the phrase hua to hua (what happened has happened) in connection with the anti-sikh riots of 1984.
rahuls intervention and unequivocal message displayed a leadership quality so far not shown by prime minister narendra modi and marked an uncommon moment in an election season fraught with rancour and vituperative language.
asked whether he regretted the gujarat riots, modi had cited a puppy analogy six years ago.
the controversy broke at a time delhi and punjab are heading to elections on may 12 and 19, respectively.
i think 1984 was a needless tragedy that caused tremendous pain.
i think justice has to be done.
the people who were responsible for the 1984 tragedy have to be punished, the congress president said.
rahul, who was 14 when the riots took place, pointed out that former prime minister manmohan singh had apologised.
my mother sonia gandhiji has apologised.
we all have made our position very clear  that 1984 was a terrible tragedy and should never have happened, rahul said.
i will be communicating this to him directly.
he must apologise for his comment.
by then pitroda had spoken to reporters, but his statement was not as unequivocal as that of rahul.
pitroda said his statement was twisted out of context, adding: if their feelings are hurt, i apologise.
rahuls response  and that of manmohan and sonia earlier  was in sharp contrast with modis on the gujarat riots of 2002.
asked in 2013 by reuters if he regretted what had happened in gujarat in 2002, modi had underscored the clean chit given to him by a supreme court-appointed special investigation team.
he had added: another thing, any person if we are driving a car, we are a driver, and someone else is driving a car and were sitting behind, even then if a puppy comes under the wheel, will it be painful or not?
of course it is.
if im a chief minister or not, im a human being.
if something bad happens anywhere, it is natural to be sad.
sam pitroda on friday said his statement on the 1984 anti-sikh riots was taken out of context and twisted, and offered an apology if anyones feelings were hurt.
ab kya hai 84 ka?
baat toh kariye aapne kya kiya paanch saal mein.
uski baat karein.
84 mein hua toh hua.
(now what about 84?
talk about what you have done in the past five years.
what happened in 1984 has happened, pitroda, the president of the indian overseas congress, had told news agency ani on thursday evening.
pitrodas statement, in response to a question about narendra modi raising the anti-sikh riots in election speeches, was seized on by the bjp to attack the congress ahead of polling in delhi and punjab where the wounds of 1984 are still raw.
the congress distanced itself from the words, issuing a detailed statement in which it stressed that it supported the quest for justice for the victims of the anti-sikh riots, and stern punishment for those found guilty in this as well as subsequent violence, including the 2002 gujarat riots.
violence and riots are unacceptable and unpardonable in our society, the party said.
any opinion or remark made by any individual to the contrary, including shri sampitroda , is not the opinion of the congress party.
we advise all leaders to be careful and sensitive, the statement by congress media in-charge randeep surjewala said.
pitroda told the media that his words had been completely twisted and taken out of context because his hindi was not that good.
what he had meant to say was that what had happened in 1984 was bad, but that modi should speak about his own performance as prime minister.
if any feelings were hurt, pitroda said, i apologise.
through the day, the bjp harped on pitrodas words.
punjab is angry at the statements of congress leaders.
they will vote bjp-akali dal, the prime minister told an election rally at hoshiarpur in the evening.
earlier, at a public meeting at rohtak in haryana, he said the words hua toh hua reflect the character and mentality of the congress.
bjp president amit shah dug in with a tweet: agony of the entire sikh community.
suffering of all those sikh families killed by congress leaders in 1984.
attack on delhis secular ethos.
all summed up in these three words by sampitroda  hua to hua.
india will never forgive #murderercongress for its sins.
surjewala said that for the bjp, riots were a vote-garnering exercise in every election, and that the party did not care for ensuring closure or justice.
people should see through this machiavellian game of deception, distraction and distortion by shri narendra modi, he said.
punjab chief minister amarinder singh, who said it was shocking if pitroda had said those words, asserted that it was wrong of modi to link then prime minister rajiv gandhi to the riots.
the involvement of some individuals in the 1984 riots does not mean modi can implicate rajiv gandhi or the congress party in it, he said.
by the same yardstick, modi should also have been implicated in the gujarat riots.
singh continued: modi should not forget that the names of several bjp and rss leaders had figured in the 1984 riots fir.
the chief minister called for action in accordance with law against all those found guilty in the anti-sikh riots.
guwahati, jan.
27: the congresss decision to field sanjay singh, party mp from uttar pradesh, from one of the three rajya sabha seats in assam came in for sharp criticism in the state.
singhs nomination has not yet been formally declared but a senior minister told the telegraph tonight that singh, biswajit daimary of ally bodoland peoples front and assam pcc president bhubaneswar kalita are the three congress-fielded and backed candidates.
tomorrow is last date of filing nominations.
congress leaders in assam said singh, in his sixties, had to be placated after he threatened to contest from amethi against aicc vice-president rahul gandhi.
with kumar vishwas of the aam aadmi party already campaigning in amethi, the congress did not want to take any chance.
however, the opposition, the all assam students union and leading citizens came down heavily on the move to field singh.
agp working president atul bora said, it exposes the congresss age-old culture of cheating the people of assam.
it is shameful that the congress had to import leaders to represent assam.
bjp president sarbananda sonowal echoed him, were there no suitable candidate from assam?
it is ridiculous and insulting to the people of assam.
samujjal bhattacharjya, aasu advisor, said, we already have prime minister manmohan singh in the rajya sabha.
but he has done nothing for the people of assam.
what can we expect from sanjay singh?
the congress has converted the state into a dumping ground.
manmohan singh is being fielded from assam since 1991, which, too, had not gone down well till he became prime minister.
political analyst arupjyoti choudhury said, a representative of a state should have a fair knowledge of the state.
assam chief minister tarun gogoi responded by saying there was nothing wrong in fielding an outsider as long as he or she worked for the state.
aicc secretary bhupen kumar borah, while backing the move, said one should not misunderstand the congress because it is the same party which had made fakhruddin ali ahmed the president of india and d.k. barooah the aicc president.
both were from assam.
there was also a move to get former delhi chief minister shiela dixit and sampitroda fielded from assam but the state leadership put its foot down fearing criticism.
however, everybody backed off when it came to rahul gandhis poll prospects from amethi.
losing out in the bargain is former mp kirip chaliha, who was in the picture till last night.
sanjay singhs arrival this evening and chief minister gogois categorical statement soon after his meeting with party mlas this afternoon that he will back whosoever was fielded by the high command were broad hints about fielding the politician of royal lineage.
with the bjp, having five mlas, deciding to abstain, the congress (79)-bpf (12) combine, with help of the lone trinamul congress and two independents, has a strength of 94 in the 126-member house, enough to win the three seats in the february 7 elections.
the opposition could bag a seat only if it fields a joint candidate.
sanjay k. jharahul gandhi plays an instrument at patan in gujarat.
(pti)new delhi: rahul gandhi on monday promised a special package for dalits in the congress's gujarat manifesto with economic, social and legal guarantees for the community.
justice for the una atrocity should not be your demand.
it is a legal imperative.
it is not a gift by any government, it is your right, the congress vice-president said at a meeting with scheduled caste leaders in patan, referring to the thrashing of dalit youths who skinned dead cattle by cow vigilantes in una last year.
you meet our manifesto committee; articulate your concerns and expectations before them.
once our manifesto makes a commitment, it is my job to get them fulfilled.
the chief minister who doesn't deliver on the manifesto commitment will be removed, rahul added.
k.
raju, the chief of the congress's sc cell, told the telegraph that the party would hold a convention on dalit issues in gujarat ahead of the december 9 and 14 assembly elections.
when (dalit leader) jignesh mewani met rahulji, he said there are around 22 organisations working for the cause of dalits in the state.
we will call all of them, apart from activists who are fighting for social justice, to comprehensively deal with dalit issues in our manifesto.
the congress has already launched the process of preparing the people's manifesto and a team led by technocrat sampitroda and manifesto committee chief madhusudan mistry are meeting various sections of society to understand their concerns and pick ideas from the ground.
on monday, the team interacted with professionals, industrialists and academics in surat, following up on their meetings since november 9 in vadodara, ahmedabad, rajkot and jamnagar.
rahul has been insisting the manifesto should not be made by experts in closed rooms as the true concerns of the people could be reflected in the party's agenda only if they participate in a consultative process.
pitroda had a facebook session with the people of gujarat on november 6 before starting the interactive process.
pitroda, a native of gujarat, said on monday: there seems a consensus among the people that rampant privatisation under successive bjp governments has made quality education and healthcare inaccessible for the common man.
rahul has been saying that costly education and healthcare has affected dalits and tribals most.
at the patan meeting, rahul promised justice to dalits and tribals if the congress is voted to power.
the rss believes in manusmriti and talks of the constitution only under compulsion.
they want to maintain status quo in terms of caste.
i am against the caste system; a system that discriminates against people needs to be scrapped.
bhubaneswar, march 17: council of scientific and industrial research director-general girish sahani advised students of the biju patnaik university of technology to ensure that pride in their work did not take them away from the ultimate goal in life.
addressing the varsity's eighth convocation on its chhend campus, sahani today said students should not to be too concerned about their income but pursue knowledge with a sense of compassion.
students should have the software of empathy, because the hardware, which is the education degree, is not sufficient.
your responsibility starts now, and from now what you do will have a direct impact on the country's fortune, he said.
appreciating the large turnout of women in contrast to men, sahani said on a lighter note: we don't need women empowerment as the number of the girls here proves how much empowered they are.
count values, ethics, passion and humility as the main mantras of life, said sahani, who received honorary doctorate degree along with telecom guru sam pitroda.
speaking at the convocation, bput vice-chancellor shyam sunder pattnaik said: we have achieved industry-academic integration and our association with tech mahindra and sail is a step in that direction.
he added that the university had demand driven curriculum and introduced choice based credit system with minor and major specialisation.
in his speech, governor s.c. jamir encouraged students to pursue their dreams.
meritorious students were also honoured at the convocation.
shibali subhecha mishra of college of engineering and technology, bhubaneswar, won the arjun bhuyan special gold medal for being the best btech graduate, while best mtech graduate simadri badtya received the bhubanananda das gold medal.
in all, 32,051 degrees were awarded that included 24 gold medals to the toppers and three phds.
there is widespread dissatisfaction in the congress over the casual manner in which the election is being handled by rahul gandhi.
shutterstockpawan, meenakshi, divya, praveen, rajni, rajiv, lalitesh, jaiveer, bindu, sushmita, sam, kumar, bhalchandra, milind.
no, these are not members of a college team to participate in an essay-writing competition.
they are members of rahul gandhis election-management committees that would take on the battle-hardened army of narendra modi-amit shah in the general election barely 100 days away.
there is widespread dissatisfaction in the congress over the casual manner in which the election is being handled by rahul who was expected to put his best foot forward.
the congress has never been a disciplined cadre-based party and sniping has always been an integral part of its character but the difference is this general election is being seen as one with the potential to change the destiny of india.
although the party feels energised by rahuls own powerful campaign, majority of leaders believe he could have selected better commanders to lead the big battle.
of the three committees comprising 42 members, 11 have never contested any election and at least eight are one-term mlas or mps.
insiders believe at least 20 members on the three committees constituted to manage the most crucial election of post-independent india have no business being there.
they blame a few advisers who chose to induct their loyalists or lightweights instead of laying stress on merit and experience.
while experience in mass politics and electoral dynamics is indeed a factor, many leaders feel some inexperienced persons can be included on the basis of utility.
for instance, nobody objects to the inclusion of praveen chakravarty, who is heading the partys data analytics department, which will play an important role in the election even though he is new to politics.
rajeev gowda, who heads the partys research department, is also seen as a valuable addition.
there is no objection to members like jairam ramesh, a three-term rajya sabha member who hasnt contested any election, as he has been closely associated with planning and election management for decades.
but the inclusion of several others has caused anger and frustration among a large section of leaders.
their displeasure and disinterest may hurt the partys prospects at a time every drop is precious in filling the empty bucket.
asked how he was preparing for the election, a veteran lok sabha member said: i am not interested at all; even if i win again, power will be in the hands of rajya sabha leaders.
let them contest and win this time.
of the 42 members of the three committees, only four are from the lok sabha, while nine current and three former rajya sabha members have been inducted.
after ashok gehlot shifted to rajasthan as chief minister, the core group has eight members.
a.k. antony, ghulam nabi azad, p. chidambaram, ahmed patel and ramesh are all rajya sabha members.
mallikarjun kharge and k.c. venugopal are from the lok sabha.
another member, randeep surjewala, is an mla.
antony, azad, patel and chidambaram have been multi-term lok sabha members but have now withdrawn from electoral politics.
in the 19-member manifesto committee, apart from chidambaram, ramesh, bhupinder singh hooda, kumari selja, salman khurshid, mukul sangma, manpreet badal and tamrajdwaj sahu, most members are inexperienced.
the 14-member publicity committee has veterans like anand sharma, pramod tiwari and bhakta charan das, along with several greenhorns.
these committees were formed on august 25 when the party was fixated with the assembly elections.
the critics are by no means suggesting that young blood should not be given a chance.
for instance, changes in delhi a few days ago, when rahul brought back the 80-year-old sheila dikshit, have also triggered a debate on the choice of people.
a delhi leader said: logic has vanished from appointments.
while reverse movement towards dikshit shows the party has no faith in new leadership, haroon yusuf, who is hardly active in his area of chandni chowk, has been made working president.
devendra yadav has been made another working president; there are barely a few yadav villages while jats, gujjars and purvanchali voters have a significance presence in almost all the seats in delhi.
jatavs, the dominant scheduled caste community, have also been ignored.
gujarat leaders have already conveyed to rahul concern about the damage caused by inexperienced leaders.
one gujarat leader said: can you imagine shaktisinh gohil not being in the election-management committees while pawan khera, jaiveer shergil, rajiv shukla, kumar ketkar, sushmita dev, divya spandana, sachin rao, lalitesh tripathi, sampitroda , bindu krishna, rajni patil get in?
digvijaya singh is out, jyotiraditya scindia, ajay maken, kapil sibal, shakeel ahmed are out and meenakshi natrajan is in.
the party is in self-defeatist mode.
many leaders, including those who have been included, admit the composition of the committees reflects complete lack of application of mind.
they feel that personal loyalty and personal dislike dictated the inductions and exclusions.
some leaders hope a few changes will be made before it is too late.
new delhi, jan.
9: the congress has realised that its focus on the backward castes and muslims may be putting off upper-caste voters in uttar pradesh, particularly brahmins.
this has led rahul gandhi to change tack and invoke the memory of indira gandhi and rajiv gandhi.
rahul had so far avoided recalling his family legacy and chosen to speak about his stints at dalit homes.
he has been hailing those like sampitroda who have made it big despite coming from very backward castes.
but he has now been told that the brahmins, ignored by the congress even in candidate selection, have been gravitating towards the bjp.
so, during his tour of eastern uttar pradesh, rahul reminded the voters about indira gandhi.
he told the brahmins that the bjp was more interested in a tainted (babu singh) kushwaha to win over the backward castes than in clean and principled politics.
i am indira gandhis grandson and rajiv gandhis son.
i will not move from here until up changes.
i have not come here merely to win an election; i am here to change the state, whether it takes five years, 10 or 15 years, he said.
the congress knows it has to create a rainbow coalition of all castes because it does not have a dedicated support base.
unlike the bahujan samaj party (bsp), samajwadi party and the bjp, which have ruled the state at some time or the other in the past two decades and created vote bases, the congress has to start from scratch.
the party now wants to correct the impression that it is banking on muslims and non-yadav backward castes alone to revive its fortunes.
that the congress has won just around 20 of the states 403 seats in the last two assembly elections doesnt really reveal the extent of its misery.
what does is the number of seats where its candidates have forfeited their deposits.
while 334 candidates lost their deposits in 2002, some 323 did so in 2007.
this means that over 80 per cent of congress candidates have been receiving less than one-sixth of the votes polled.
the vote percentage paints a similar picture.
in 2002, the samajwadis, bsp and the bjp won 25.
37 per cent, 23.
06 per cent and 20.
08 per cent of the votes respectively, while the congress lagged far behind with 8.
9 per cent.
in 2007, the bsp led with 30.
43 per cent and the samajwadis followed with 25.
43 per cent.
even the bjp, with 16.
97 per cent following a slump, remained far ahead of the congresss 8.
6 per cent.
so, while its rivals need to either marginally improve or retain their support base, the congress needs to more than double its share to come into the reckoning.
the only benefit the party may have gained from its status as a complete outsider for such a long time is a kind of novelty value, especially among voters suffering from fatigue.
the congress leadership is moving cautiously.
while it has so far succeeded in running a powerful campaign, it is now trying to reach out beyond its stable to hunt for strong candidates.
the extraordinary step of reviewing 50 candidates based on inputs from the field resulted in a change of eight candidates yesterday.
now even the campaign strategy is being reworked keeping in mind the feelings of the upper castes, which do not expect the congress to follow the samajwadis or the bsp in brazenly wooing the lower castes.
veteran trade union leader souribandhu kar is being felicitated with the biju patnaik sramik bandhu samman along with other eminent trade union leaders at the may day celebrations in bhubaneswar on sunday.
pictuire by sanjib mukherjee bhubaneswar, may 1: the state government today felicitated four veteran trade unionists on the occasion of may day.
chief minister naveen patnaik honoured the all india trade union congress leader souribandhu kar, indian national trade union congress leader kishore jena, bharatiya mazdoor sangh's basanta kumar sahu and hind mazdoor sabha's rajendra prasad singh with biju shramik bandhu samman.
the four veterans were given rs 50,000 each along with a citation.
speaking at the state-level may day celebration event, naveen said: the workers have contributions at all levels of development.
describing them as the backbone of the society, the chief minister announced a new package for construction and other workers in the unorganised sector.
the package included rs 1.
5 lakh house-building assistance to construction and other workers under nirman shramik pucca ghar yojana, monthly pension to workers aged above 60 years and financial assistance up to rs 3 lakh for treatment of cancer, heart or kidney ailments.
these assistances are being given by the odisha buildings and other constructions workers welfare board.
the move of the state government to give sops to construction and other workers assumes significance since they constitute a major vote bank.
already more than 14 lakh construction workers have been registered and they have been given financial assistance to the tune of rs 150 crore, said chairperson of the board, subash singh, a veteran trade union leader himself.
announcing several welfare packages for construction workers and other unorganised workers, the chief minister said that pension at par with madhu babu pension yojana (mbpy) would be given to registered construction workers of 60 years and above.
besides, scholarships will be given to children of the families of construction workers studying in class viii at the rate of rs 2,000 a year, class ix rs 3,000 a year and class x rs 4,000 a year.
apart from this, an one time cash award of rs 10,000 will be given to meritorious class x students who pass with more than 90 per cent marks.
girls studying in class vi and vii will be given cash incentive of rs 2000 a year.
cash incentive to pregnant and nursing mothers will also be enhanced from rs 8,000 to rs 10,000 over and above the assistance given under mamata yojana.
a provision of rs 5 crore has been made for the implementation of programmes under unorganised workers social security act, said naveen.
he also gave away death benefits, financial assistance for daughters' marriage, children's education and purchase of construction tools.
bagchi assignment the newly-constituted skill development authority chief subroto bagchi formally took up his assignment today.
the it honcho is supposed to tour the districts shortly.
earlier, sampitroda had been appointed as technical adviser to the government.
calcutta, dec.
8: the bengal government hopes to unveil its it policy next year, principal it secretary basudeb banerjee said today.
we are ready with the draft policy.
we are hoping to unveil it by the beginning of next year.
it is just that we are waiting for the centre to unveil its it and telecom policy first.
our policy, which should be in line with the centres, will follow soon after, banerjee said on the sidelines of infocom 2011.
the draft policy was supposed to be ready by december, but banerjee said the delay by north block forced the state to reschedule its rollout.
he said bengal accounted for only $1.
5 billion of the total $88-billion it and bpo turnover of the country.
seven big farms, including tcs, cognizant and wipro, account for 95 per cent of the total turnover, while 170 small and medium enterprises contribute the rest.
the situation is going to improve once we are able to implement the ict policy, banerjee said.
the bengal government has formed a committee on it that includes infosys founder n.r. narayana murthy and sampitroda as the mentor and chairman, respectively.
the committee was entrusted with the task of drafting the blueprint of the policy.
former nasscom president kiran karnik, nasscom eastern region head suparno moitra and the chatterjee group president aniruddha lahiri are among the other members of the committee.
a woman takes a selfie with rahul gandhi as he arrives at dubai international airport late on thursday.
pticongress president rahul gandhi on friday told indian workers in dubai that he wants to listen to their problems instead of voicing his mann ki baat.
rahul, who is in the uae on his maiden visit, lauded the indian workers there for making the country proud through their hard work.
he said his party was aware of the difficulties faced by the labourers and wanted to help them.
i realise you face several hardships.
you work all day, send money to your family back home.
we want to talk to you, he said.
main yahan apne mann ki baat kahne nahi aaya hun main yayan aapke mann ki baat sunane aaya hun (i have not come here to speak my mind, i have come to listen to your heart), he said in his address at the jabel ali labour colony.
rahul was referring to prime minister narendra modi's monthly radio broadcast mann ki baat where he addresses the nation on various issues.
all these massive developments you see here  tall buildings, large airports and metro  would not have been built without your contribution, he said.
you have given your sweat, blood and time for the development of this city and you have made indians of all backgrounds proud.
rahul, who was accompanied by kerala congress leader oommen chandy and indian overseas congress chairman sampitroda , told the workers: you have illuminated the names of every religion, every state and every caste.
the congress chief said he is a common man like them and would always stand by them.
the battle has begun.
.
.
and we are going to win, he said, hinting at the upcoming general elections in india.
earlier, rahul met business leaders in the country.
a construction worker from jebel ali labour colony said he wants to see rahul leading india with compassion and care for all indians.
the congress president is also set to meet some uae ministers during his two-day visit to dubai and abu dhabi.
the congress working committee will meet on saturday morning amid speculation that rahul gandhi, who has taken cent per cent responsibility for the crushing election defeat, could resign as party president.
while rahul is expected to offer to step down, it is unclear whether the cwc  the highest decision-making body of the congress  will agree.
successive debacles in 2014 and 2019 have triggered unrest in the party and there are voices against rahuls leadership, even though the majority of leaders and workers believe he is the best bet.
contradictory signals were coming out on friday and the refusal of a large number of leaders to speak on the subject betrayed uncertainty.
off the record, some said business as usual was impossible and that only a substantial change would inspire confidence among workers and voters.
but the ordinary party workers, who expect the leadership to introspect honestly, are not in favour of looking beyond the family.
while some do wonder if priyanka would be a better choice, the majority want rahul to continue.
many leaders, on the other hand, are not speaking with clarity and are reluctant to defend rahul.
his own defeat in amethi has made rahul more vulnerable.
some leaders are indirectly mounting pressure on him by calling for chief ministers kamal nath and ashok gehlot to be held accountable for the routs in their states.
uttar pradesh unit chief raj babbar, odisha head niranjan patnaik and karnataka campaign committee chief h.k. patil have put in their papers.
former external affairs minister salman khurshids tweet suggested an internal churning: there are moments in history when faith must prevail over atmospherics.
when even intuition should not let you budge.
this is one such moment for people who trust rahul gandhi.
enormity of struggle cannot undermine value of our allegiance.
we shall overcome.
denying any rebellion in the party, general secretary avinash pande told the telegraph: rahulji has exposed narendra modis failures both outside and in parliament in the most effective manner.
he also rebuilt the party organisation and led a powerful campaign in the election.
there is no question of even considering a replacement.
he will continue to lead the party.
but this is not the overriding sentiment.
one leader said: we are not saying rahul is incapable and his role wasnt effective.
but what is the team he has made?
paid employees in his office have become more powerful than senior leaders with experience of three-four decades.
that technician sampitroda headed the committee to monitor the campaign.
one data analyst (praveen chakravarty) dished out political wisdom.
most senior leaders were kept out of the planning.
sources said sonia gandhis role would be critical andshe might act as arbiter.
but even if rahul continues, he will have to undertake major changes in the organisation and adopt a more consensual approach.
new delhi, april 30: the government today appointed rakesh kumar upadhyay as the chairman and managing director of state-owned telecom operator bharat sanchar nigam limited (bsnl).
he (upadhyay) will join office (of bsnl chief) today, said r. chandrashekhar, secretary at the department of telecom.
however, no decision on the appointment of the chief of mtnl, another public sector telecom entity, has been taken.
a search-cum-selection panel chose upadhyay, the cmd of telecommunications consultants india ltd, for the bsnl chiefs post.
the panel is headed by sampitroda , who is the adviser to the prime minister on public information infrastructure and innovations.
the other members include cabinet secretary k.m. chandresekhar, prime ministers principal secretary t.k.a. nair and nandan nilekani, chairman of the the unique identification authority of india.
upadhyay is a 1975 batch officer of the indian telecom services.
he holds a b.tech (electronics) degree from the institute of technology, banaras hindu university, and an mba (marketing management) degree from indira gandhi open university.
increasing competition and higher wage costs have affected bsnl and mtnl that have been consistently losing revenues and market share.
the sampitroda panel had considered at least three top executives from the private sector with experience in it and communications.
but they turned down the offer.
the government had hoped to bring in private professionals to revive the fortunes of bsnl and mtnl.
the post of bsnl chief has been vacant since august 2010.
humsufi in action at sk memorial hall during the programme organised by cimage college and (below) students enjoy on the sidelines of zonasa 2014.
pictures by ashok sinha and the telegraph magadh mahila college principal dolly sinha at the announcement of the bihar science conference.
picture by ashok sinha the dream of a destination city was the highlight of the final day of zonasa 2014.
national institute of technology, patna, played host to the annual architectural festival organised by the zonal body of national association of students of architecture.
the three-day event concluded on sunday.
architects srinivas murthi g. and debabrata ghosh gave students attending the festival valuable tips on design.
the star attraction was, however, french architect anne feenstra who shared with the participants his vision for patna.
he gave a presentation on patna 2050.
according to his vision, patna should be an organic city, full of vegetation and greenery.
besides, it should become a destination city when it came to tourism.
he also stressed the need for zeroing in on better rainwater harvesting methods.
serious lectures were not all that marked the annual event.
on sunday, students from close to 32 engineering colleges attending the event also had some serious fun  dancing to the tunes of different bollywood tracks.
perfect pitch humsufi, a band from calcutta, set the pitch for a perfect evening on saturday.
the occasion was the inauguration of navtez, a two-day programme organised by cimage college to welcome students of the new batch.
the band members presented sufi songs on the sk memorial hall stage.
song-and-dance routines and skits by the students added colour to the two-day event.
institution director medha agrawal lit the traditional lamp to start the programme after which humsufi members krishna and sayantan sang allah hun allah hun, damadam mast qalandar, jhule jhule lal, piya re piya re and teri diwani, bringing the audience to their feet.
if that was not all, another band member sagar left the audience spellbound playing 27 different musical instruments.
the institutions students were not to be left behind as they too gave scintillating performances.
santosh kumar, a bachelor of computer application student, and amit kumar, a bachelor of business management student, sang hai junoon from the 2009 film new york to applause from their mates.
director agrawal said the two-day programme was an opportunity for the students to showcase their hidden talents.
sunday saw a dandiya performance and painting competition being organised as part of navtez.
bachelor of business administration student surya kumar was chosen mr talented based on his performance in different competitions over the two days.
some meritorious students were also felicitated by college chairman basant agrawal, while few were handed cheques of rs 5,000 for their cent per cent attendance.
fashion beats navratri came to the campus of national institute of fashion technology, patna, in style.
the students matched steps to the beats of dandiya on september 27 at the institution.
dhol baje from hum dil de chuke sanam, tu mere agal bagal hai from phata poster nikla hero were some of the songs popular on the dance floor.
fashion could hardly miss a beat on the institute campus so the girls turned up in salwar-kameez, while the boys stuck to their sherwanis.
science boost come december, magadh mahila college will host bihar science conference, an international conference on science and technology from december 23.
a three-day event, the college will organise the event jointly with patna-based bbrains scholastic centre.
the theme for this years conference is innovations in science and technology and development.
national innovation council chairman sampitroda is expected to deliver the inaugural address of the event.
magadh mahila college principal dolly sinha said on saturday: the college is proud to host the international conference as it would witness participation of scientists and science research scholars from india and abroad.
the objective of the conference is to bring together experts from different fields of science on a single platform.
bbrains scholastic centre chairman vikramaditya said experts would discuss various sub-themes such as energy, food processing and conservation technology, agro-electronics, nano-technology, nano-electronics, solid waste management as part of the conference.
schoolchildren will also have science projects and models to see during the conference.
scientific adviser to prime minister s.e. hasnain, among other luminaries, is expected to attend the three-day conference concluding on christmas day.
want to report some event in your college?
tell ttbihar@abp.
the first report of presidency universitys mentor group has called for elimination of the distinction between honours and pass courses, setting up of wi fi-enabled hostels and reorganising departments to encourage interdisciplinary studies.
we propose that the current distinction between honours and pass courses be eliminated, the panel observed in its report submitted to the government on thursday.
presidency, like other universities, follows different syllabi for honours and pass courses.
the panel observed that instead of having two sets of classes in a single subject, it may be better to just have one set of classes on a particular subject or theme.
but students may need to take six semesters for pass and 12 semesters for honours courses.
stressing the need for more flexibility in the choice of subjects, the panel suggested that the students be allowed to switch subjects at the end of first year.
in an attempt to encourage interdisciplinary studies, the mentors mooted reorganisation of certain departments.
for example, physiology, botany, zoology, biotechnology, bioinformatics and biochemistry departments can be merged into biology department.
there is a special need to create spaces for people with unique talents in interdisciplinary expertise in and cutting across the humanities, social sciences and natural sciences.
the mentor group wants the universitys it capability to be enhanced with broadband connection and adequate wi-fi access points.
access to the network should be one of the highest priorities.
the report mentioned that sampitroda , the former head of the national knowledge commission, had assured sugata bose, the chairman of the mentor group, that presidency would be connected with the national knowledge network on a priority basis.
the university should take up the offer of being connected to the national knowledge network.
the group highlighted the need for augmenting electronic library resources.
presidency should join the digital library of india project initiative, the report said.
the initiative started in collaboration with carnegie mellon university, us.
the mentors suggested that a block in hindu hostel be reserved for girls.
presidencys girls hostel is now located in salt lake.
renovation of hindu hostel and making it wi fi-enabled are among the other recommendations.
hindu hostel inmates had complained to the mentor group about lack of net facilities.
in today's paper weekly features cities and regions archives since 1st march, 1999 calcutta weather temperaturemin : 25.
20c (-1)max : 27.
70c (-4) rainfall : 25.
20 mm relative humidity: max : 97.
00  min : 90.
00  sunrise : 5:1 am sunset : 6:22 pm today generally cloudy sky with one or two spells of rain or thundershower.
front page > calcutta > the city diary the city diary bengal invite for infosys founder infosys founder narayana murthy has been invited to be the chief mentor of the two committees that will formulate an it policy for the state.
we have invited murthy to guide this initiative for the improvement and expansion of the it sector in bengal, it and industries minister partha chatterjee said in the assembly lobby on thursday.
the chief minister had earlier agreed to the setting up of the two committees  one for software and the other for hardware development.
telecom expert sampitroda will chair both panels.
medical website two mumbai-based doctors on thursday formally launched an online consultation facility in calcutta to enable patients to seek opinion from 300 doctors in 22 countries.
ebraj shome, a facial plastic surgeon, and arbinder singal, a paediatric urologist, said their website www.
mediangels.com offered consultation in 85 superspecialities.
a person seeking consultation will have to register and select a doctor.
the charge for a simple case is rs 250 and for a complex one rs 750.
body found the body of a woman in her mid-20s was found on the city-bound ramp of vidyasagar setu on thursday morning.
there was a strangulation mark on the neck.
liquor was found in the stomach during post-mortem.
she had either given birth or had her pregnancy terminated recently, said an officer of hastings police station.
presi complaint presidency university has lodged a compliant with the calcutta polices cyber crime wing to investigate an alleged hacking of the institutions website.
the admission merit list had got published on the site on sunday, a day before it was to be announced.
we are investigating, said damayanti sen, joint commissioner of police, crime.
suicide bhaswati mjumdar, 60, was found hanging from a ceiling fan at her home in tollygunge.
husband mridul majumdar spotted the body.
he alerted police.
cops do not suspect any foul play.
congress president rahul gandhi reacts as he addresses a press conference on 2019 lok sabha polls results at the party headquarters in new delhi, thursday, may 23, 2019.
(pti)inexplicable.
that is what the congress rout is.
the party did not dream of a grand comeback for itself but had hoped the opposition collectively would gain enough support to dislodge narendra modi.
that hope lies shattered, as does the presumption that opposition unity is the right antidote to the modi magic.
unlike in 2014 when it hopelessly grappled with a fait accompli, the congress this time sewed up effective alliances and ran a focused campaign.
its expectation of winning around 130 seats appeared reasonable, but the party fell well short.
questions are being raised about rahul gandhis leadership but without convincing arguments.
after the partys worst-ever defeat in 2014, he had worked over the past five years to build a formidable challenge to modi.
the close fight in the gujarat assembly election, pragmatism in karnataka and victories in punjab, madhya pradesh, rajasthan and chhattisgarh demonstrated congress resurgence.
he drilled holes in modis image of personal integrity and his claims of development, and ran an issue-based campaign while the prime minister focused on pakistan.
rahul toured the length and breadth of the country, addressing more rallies than any leader of the ruling party or the opposition, and emerged as the main challenger to modi.
the congress produced a fine manifesto and the issues it identified for the campaign  unemployment, agrarian distress and the attack on institutions  had the endorsement of the entire opposition.
the nyay (minimum income guarantee) scheme was a potential game-changer, but there was criticism that word about it did not reach the masses.
party strategists deny that their arrogance was a hurdle in coalition-making.
alliances were worked out in bihar and jharkhand, yet they failed.
in tamil nadu the alliance with the dmk yielded results.
in delhi, the bjp vote share shows an alliance with the aap would have made little difference.
in maharashtra, the coalition with ncps sharad pawar worked effectively on the ground but failed.
another factor often cited in a defeat is the weakness of the local party organisation.
but the congress and its allies had a strong presence in karnataka, maharashtra, madhya pradesh, rajasthan, chhattisgarh, gujarat and delhi.
so what went wrong?
some are asking why inexperienced leaders like k.c. venugopal, rajiv satav and gaurav gogoi were given charge of states.
but states with strong local leaders  karnataka, delhi, madhya pradesh, rajasthan, chhattisgarh  also did not show results.
yet others pointed to the hua-toh-hua statement of sampitroda over the 1984 anti-sikh riots, but the congress did better in punjab than most other states.
a combative mamata banerjee and a seasoned sharad pawar both took a beating.
chandrababu naidu, mulayam singh yadav, mayawati, siddaramaiah, kamal nath, akhilesh yadav and tejashwi yadav  not one of them could come up with the winning strategy either.
the congress could not have fielded better candidates than digvijaya singh in bhopal, jyotiraditya scindia in guna, ajay maken in new delhi and bhupinder singh hooda in sonipat.
all lost.
the reasons are deeper and more complex.
while every leader privately referred to possible manipulation of evms and collaboration of the election commission, some acknowledged the partys failure to tackle the deadly mix of hindutva and nationalism deployed by the rss-bjp.
rahul highlighted his temple visits to dilute the false propaganda about the congress being anti-hindu, but did not adopt the narrative of majoritarian dominance.
he stuck to the secular narrative, seeped in constitutional values of equality and justice.
but that clearly found no takers in an environment in which pragya singh thakur is embraced and kanhaiya kumar is rejected.
rahul did not have the antidote to the lie that the congress was pro-terrorist and pro-pakistan.
the party did not know how to deal with a voter who believed livelihood issues should be ignored because modi had enhanced indias prestige in the world.
this propaganda about modi bringing india recognition was packaged as the governments biggest achievement.
the congress believed that facts would speak for themselves and that pointing to modis track record on foreign policy and national security would be enough.
it wasnt.
that a party cannot counter false propaganda is no excuse.
but there is no reason to think someone other than rahul would have been more effective.
the experienced digvijaya couldnt do it in bhopal, the shrewd arvind kejriwal couldnt in delhi, and the grounded shibu soren couldnt in jharkhand.
this is a problem indias political class will have to learn to grapple with.
calcutta, june 30: the bengal government will set up two advisory committees in information technology.
the government has approached sampitroda to head the two committees  one for software and the other for hardware.
an official announcement on the matter is still awaited, though industry sources claim that pitroda has agreed.
meanwhile, bengal industry minister partha chatterjee today said west bengal electronics industry development corporation limited (webel) would be restructured.
there will be a restructuring of webel.
it should concentrate on core areas, not on land or real estate, chatterjee said.
with the introduction of the state information technology policy in 2000, webel took on the role of a nodal agency supporting the government in all its e-governance projects.
it also ensures suitable infrastructure for prospective investors here, which is a primary source of its income.
besides webel is a single window for all services required by the it and the ites investors in the state.
our special correspondentnew delhi: the narendra modi government has opened up the bureaucracy for lateral entry at the joint secretary level to 10 posts, triggering concerns the move would institutionalise nepotism and subvert reservations.
the department of personnel and training (dopt) on sunday announced lateral recruitment to senior positions in government of india through an advertisement placed in several newspapers.
the 10 posts opened up are in revenue; financial services; economic affairs; agriculture, cooperation & farmers' welfare; road transport & highways; shipping; environment, forests and climate change; new & renewable energy; civil aviation; and commerce.
any graduate over 40, including officials from the same level in state governments or with 15 years of experience in psus, universities, private sector companies or international organisations, are eligible for appointment on a three-year contract with the provision for a two-year extension.
why are time-tested upsc and ssc being sought to be undermined?
to fill ias ranks with sanghis and undermine reservation too, in the bjp's last few months in office, cpm general secretary sitaram yechury tweeted.
lateral entry into the government has happened in the past, but usually only to bring in domain experts such as manmohan singh, montek singh ahluwalia, sampitroda or nandan nilekani.
since the ad is ambivalent on the nature or level of domain knowledge required, it is unclear what expertise the 10 recruits will bring to the job that career bureaucrats cannot offer.
questions have also been raised whether the move would stand legal scrutiny because the ad does not mention reservation for the scheduled castes, scheduled tribes and the other backward classes.
they have done the same for university professors as well, through similar devious methods.
this, when we need more affirmative action, not less, yechury said.
bjp mp udit raj, who took voluntary retirement from the bureaucracy to join politics, welcomed lateral entry but said it should factor in reservations.
dalit activist ashok bharti said: this is the beginning of nepotism in the bureaucracy; we will soon have ideologically committed officers like the spoils system in the us.
three nobel laureates will participate in the centenary session of the indian science congress, to be held in calcutta from january 3 to 7 next year.
the three nobel laureates who have confirmed their participation are taiwanese chemist yuan tseh lee from the university of california, scottish economist james a. mirrlees from trinity college, cambridge, and japanese chemist ei-ichi negishi from purdue university, said sibaji raha, the secretary of the indian science congress association.
s.r. srinivasa varadhan, the winner of abel prize (the nobel equivalent in mathematics), will also take part in the centenary session, to be held at various academic institutions in salt lake with calcutta university as the nodal host.
we are waiting to hear from three or four other nobel laureates whether they will be able to attend the session, said raha.
the general president for the centenary year of the india science congress association is prime minister manmohan singh.
he had attended the inception ceremony of the centenary session held at calcutta university on june 1.
the theme for the centenary session is science for shaping the future of india.
there will be 40-50 sessions, named after illustrious indian scientists such as meghnad saha, j.c. bose, s.n. bose, homi j. bhaba and p.c. mahalanobis.
the nobel laureates will address the plenary session and some other special sessions, talking about their areas of work.
the lectures will be for general audience and devoid of jargons, said raha.
india is poised to take a leading role in international collaborations in mega science projects.
cern director-general rolf heuer and the chief of the gsi helmholtz centre for heavy ion research, horst stocker, will be talking on indias participation in these mega science projects, said raha.
among indian speakers are the head of the scientific advisory council to the prime minister, c.n.r. rao, cambridge scientist n. swaminathan and sam pitroda.
the india science congress association owes its origin to the initiative of two british chemists  j.l. simonsen and p.s. macmahon  who believed that scientific research in india might be stimulated if an annual meeting of researchers could be arranged on the lines of the british association for the advancement of science sessions.
the first session of the association was held from january 15-17, 1914, at asiatic society under the presidentship of sir asutosh mookerjee, then vice-chancellor of calcutta university.
a total of 105 scientists from india and abroad had attended the session.
from the modest beginning, the association has grown into a strong fraternity of more than 10,000 members.
shruti nada poddar in todays desire-oriented world, goals are increasingly leading to individualism, greed, fear, insecurity, breakdown in relationships and violent societies.
yet, the human goal in essence is joy and fulfilment, satisfaction of wishes and desires, recognition of ones potential and self-actualisation.
this confused and unsustainable condition of humanity has compelled us to probe the following questions: l when the child enters this world, what are the psychological impacts on its consciousness?
l in the seeking of joy, fulfilment or self-actualisation, how does a child, student, woman or man act and operate as an individual and in collective contexts?
l how may we re-imagine living values in evolutionary world society?
l where may a person truly comprehend ones inner and outer tools for self-perfection and harmony?
l where individuals and groups may live in complementarity to make each other purna?
l where the power of love may prevail over the love for power?
it is while facing these deep questions that one recalls the words of swami vivekananda: our duty is to encourage every one in his struggle to live up to his own highest idea, and strive at the same time to make the ideal as near as possible to the truth.
the ascendance of an era of change and empowerment calls for a need to develop integral forms of learning that empower by stimulating physical, spiritual, mental and emotional development with innovation, creativity and love for all.
working for transformation, shruti nada poddar has been successfully developing and practising novel ways of teaching and mentoring internationally.
shruti foundation has been successfully organising the we asc world education culture congresses for the last few years with several celebrated speakers.
the calcutta events this month will commence with a special pre-congress living values seminar and retreat, in collaboration with the maini group, at raichak on ganges on january 12 to ideate on the development of the institute for living values.
the programme aims to ponder upon the applications of living values in education, mentoring and evaluation systems, bringing human values into living practices.
the ivth we asc world education culture congress, in association with the telegraph and life positive, will be held from january 13 to 15 in calcutta.
the congress celebrates the theme of purna taleem  living values in education culture supported by a vibrant gathering of distinguished speakers like karan singh, sampitroda , sonal mansingh, shovana narayan (kathak danseuse), shiv shankar mukherjee (former high commissioner to the uk, south africa and nepal), bickram ghosh (tabla maestro), shuvaprasanna (artist) and other educationists and creative heads of educational and cultural institutions.
the aim of the congress is to ideate on holistic learning/mentoring processes and creative content for formal and non-formal educational environments.
the dynamic speakers in the congress are encouraged to present their papers in various interactive ways, opening a range of possibilities of imagination, fusion and creation for each person present in the gathering.
the first she worldwide congress will be convened on january 15-16 with a vision to aspire, affirm and achieve an empowered self and loving value-oriented and enriched world family.
she worldwide is a thoughtful acronym for saluting her endeavour worldwide that works towards womens empowerment and encourages women throughout the world to come together and work as an effective and transforming global network, while creating local microcosms of endeavour.
the theme of the she worldwide congress is the feminine in an evolutionary world; a theme that connects with every woman and evokes in us certain emotions that can find its space in this congress.
the initiative will help develop a network that will bring together women of south asian subcontinent and work in the aspects of peace, leadership, health and wellness, skills training and capacity building and sustainable development.
according to shruti, every woman with passion and purpose is keenly invited to join hands with the organisation and work towards transforming the society as a better place to live in.
the congresses will be followed by shrutis internationally coveted nada vibronics  vibrational healing workshop  at the conclave on january 17.
january will mark the beginning of new ways of presenting, learning and interacting that are sure to stay in the minds of each participant in the congress.
rising high with a novel idea and openness to change, shruti foundation is facilitating new forms of learning and growth.
with a movement like she worldwide and the we asc education culture initiative, the aspirations and dreams of people are set high in a hope to transform the world within and beyond them.
for more information, visit www.
we-asc.org; www.
she-worldwide.org or write to shrutinada@gmail.com; we.
asc.
congress@gmail.com; or call chhavi garg at 958911357 or oindrilla dutt at 9831031101.
sir  it is admirable that the congress president, rahul gandhi, has rebuked sampitroda for his callous comment on the 1984 anti-sikh riots (unlike puppys fan, courage to correct mistake, may 11).
besides the 2002 pogrom against muslims in gujarat, the riots of 1984 are another such horrible blot on the history of independent india.
yet, the tallest leaders of the congress, sonia gandhi and manmohan singh, have at least issued public apologies for the failure to prevent the incident.
but has the bharatiya janata party expressed any degree of repentance for the gujarat carnage?
second, the congress made a sikh candidate the leader of the united progressive alliance government at the centre from 2004 to 2014.
this sent across a message of confidence to the community that was so badly affected by the 1984 riots.
but it is difficult to find even a handful of lawmakers from the muslim community in the bjp.
third, the congress has not made it a practice to ask for votes in the name of religion.
nor does it profess anti-sikh politics.
the saffron brigade, on the other hand, openly advocates the cause of hindus as if they are the sole inheritors of india, equates hindutva with nationalism and, in spite of the barbaric demolition of the babri masjid and its violent aftermath, shamelessly continues its rhetoric on the ram mandir and spews venom against the muslim community.
rahul gandhis courage to speak up against all that is wrong posits him as the humble, principled, accountable leader that indian politics needs at the moment.
kajal chatterjee,sodepursir  it is a constructive step in indian politics that rahul gandhi has asked sampitroda to apologize for his comment.
political leaders of all hues, in the heat of the moment, exceed limits of decency in their speeches.
but how many of them have the courage to apologize?
recently, rahul gandhi himself apologized unconditionally for having associated the political slogan, chowkidar chor hai, with the supreme courts rafale hearings.
when a public statement goes uncriticized, it sets a precedent.
if there is no reprimand from senior leaders, it is assumed that the remarks and acts are endorsed by them.
in the last five years, innumerable crimes have gone uncriticized across states.
far from issuing statements of condemnation, leaders have stooped to the extent of defending or glorifying these acts.
how else is one to interpret yogi adityanaths response to the lynching of a man by cow vigilantes, where he said that cows are as important as humans?
should not he too have issued an unconditional condemnation of the incident?
perhaps that would have discouraged mobs from committing similar crimes thereafter.
clearly, our leaders need to do more to improve the political discourse in india.
it is now up to the electorate to decide whether they want leaders who can own up to their faults or ones who arrogantly defend their transgressions and spell doom for the country.
shatabdi mondal,barrackporedark tradesir  recently, the prime minister, narendra modi, said that many members of the trinamul congress were waiting to join his party after its electoral victory (horse power, may 1).
such comments belittle the dignity of his office as well as undermine the values of democracy.
until now, leaders feared backlash from investigative agencies if they switched sides for money.
but now they know that the corrupt will be protected and the righteous victimized by the ruling dispensation.
jahar saha,calcuttasir  indias democratic values seem to be on the wane.
the fact that the prime minister is openly endorsing horse-trading is a matter of concern.
a leader of his stature is expected to have statesmanlike qualities.
values among the political class in general have taken a nosedive.
closer home, one is bombarded with loud campaigning in crass language.
unfortunately, it is this that generates claps and gets votes.
suman sankar dasgupta,calcuttacostly slipsir  the russian president, vladimir putin, tumbled on the ice hockey field recently.
putins fall has made a splash in the media.
national leaders often boast about their invincibility and beat their broad chests with pride, hoping to convince the common man that they are no less than gods.
however, events like putin falling flat on ice, or narendra modis demonstration of his knowledge about radar technology, can shatter the myth of their infallibility.
for discerning indians, this could be quite a potent message as the final phase of the general elections draws near.
calcutta, aug.
4: bengals new information technology policy is expected to be finalised soon, state it minister partha chatterjee, said here today.
he said the draft was being formulated and would be sent to chief minister mamata bannerjee for her approval.
we are trying to incorporate the present realities and make the policy more updated.
we will incorporate the best practices prevalent in it around the world and are seeking opinions on the same.
once the chief minister gives her approval, it will be sent to the chief mentor of our it committees on hardware and software, n.r. narayan murthy, and its chairman, sampitroda , who will again send it back to the chief minister, said chatterjee.
the present state it policy was formulated in 2003.
we will execute whatever we declare.
the base paper is being worked on now, he added.
the ministry has also sought a report on the software technology parks of india (stpi).
it will look into the details of the policies related to it.
based on the report, a proposal to extend the tax relief benefits under section 10a and section 10b of the income tax act will be forwarded by the chief minister to the centre.
the bengal government has identified the it sector as a key growth engine of the state, stressing that more activity is required to be done in hardware.
it has stressed on big ticket investments, reaching out to microsoft india.
microsoft had stated the benefits of cloud services that the state could avail of in its sme focus.
we are also trying to make the paperwork procedure less tedious and working to bring down the number of pages required to be filled from 56, chatterjee said.
sam pitroda, chief guest at presidency universitys first convocation, stepped out of derozio hall after the three-hour programme to take a walk around the 196-year-old institution with mentor group chairman sugata bose.
metro trailed them.
returning to the main building, pitroda saw a group of students squatting in the portico demanding immediate campus elections.
but the slogan-shouting group fell silent when pitroda and a train of teachers approached along the adjoining corridor.
why are the students staging a demonstration?
pitroda asked bose, who tried to suggest it was best ignored.
pitroda almost cajoled bose to say what it was all about.
having learnt what it was, he said: students shouldnt spend time in politics.
politics wont get them anywhere.
they should only study.
that should be their only goal.
pictures by sanjoy ghosh historian ranajit guha, the pioneer of subaltern studies, was conferred dlitt (honoris causa) at the convocation.
the 91-year-old who lives in vienna was too frail to fly but a message from him was read out by sugata bose.
guhas message (excerpts): i am honoured by the decision of presidency university to nominate me for an honorary doctorate degree.
i share the prestige that this academic distinction bestows on me entirely with the youth  that is, the younger generation of scholars who enriched my life as an intellectual and my career as a teacher, writer and researcher in four continents.
i recall my debt to youth on this occasion, because it is they who alone can best represent, that is, bring to presence the forward-looking hope and exuberance of my past spent as an undergraduate in presidency college from 1938 to 1942 some seventy years ago.
these were the years of that turbulent and difficult, yet rich and stimulating rite de passage which turned a schoolboy into an adolescent college student.
all this occurs to my ninety-year old memory in ironical contrast.
for this remembrance has no present nor indeed any future ahead in its perspective.
anchored in the past, it can only pick up shreds of experience left behind in times path.
people and events, friendships and addas, lectures and lessons, books read, involvement in politics and nationalist activities  all crowd into the narrow space that is only a weak and fading memory.
what stands out is the recollection of outstanding teachers and their formative influence on my young mind  sushobhan sarkars lectures on european history, gaurinath shastris teaching of sanskrit grammar and poetry, sasanka bagchis lessons on tagores works, tarapada mukherjis classes on english literature and so on.
now my alma mater, truly a bounteous mother as its name signifies in latin, has itself blossomed into a glorious university that is carrying on the rich tradition it has inherited.
i wish it all prosperity and success in fulfilling its mission in all fields of learning, teaching and research.
guha, an alumnus of the erstwhile presidency college, won ananda purashkar in 2009 for kobir naam o sarbonaam.
the spread starters vegetarian:  mochar chop hing aloobori tikki non-vegetarian:  gondhoraj maachh murshidabadi murgi bhaja main course  steamed rice narkel diye mug dal aloo posto phul kopi aam kasundi chhanar dalna bekti maachher paturi kancha lonka murgi desserts  mishti doi bhapa sandesh courtesy: oh!
bjp president amit shah on saturday said that article 370 will be withdrawn from jammu and kashmir if the saffron party is voted to power again.
we will remove article 370 if you make narendra modi the prime minister again, shah said at a public rally here in palamau district in jharkhand.
shah said during the congress-led upa government, terror groups from pakistan used to target india continuously.
jawans were beheaded by terrorists also, he said.
we cannot compromise with the security of the nation.
pakistan wants to separate kashmir from india.
we will not allow it, he said.
pakistan se goli aayegi to yahan se gola jayaga (if a bullet comes here, a shell lands there), the bjp president said.
launching a scathing attack on national conference leader omar abdullah for his remarks on having a separate prime minster for kashmir, the bjp president said kashmir is an inseparable part of india.
should there be two prime ministers for one country?
shah asked the people.
the bjp has given the nation modi as prime minister and the security of the country has been strengthened ever since, he said.
when the nation rejoiced with sweets following the february 26 balakot air strike, a pall of gloom descended on the congress and pakistan, shah said.
he ridiculed congress leader sampitroda for saying that some boys had committed a mistake and dropped bombs, and there should be talks.
calcutta, jan.
4: bengal is planning to have a single-window clearance for infotech (it) projects similar to the one set up for industrial proposals.
the state is also weighing a proposal to set up an it sub-committee or a task force and will study the feasibility of such a facility.
the it companies i interacted with today have stressed the need to have a single window for speedy clearance.
having representatives of multiple departments under one roof will enhance the convenience, bengal it minister partha chatterjee said at an interactive session at webel today.
chatterjee interacted with companies and stakeholders of the sector today to encourage entrepreneurship, discuss issues affecting the companies operating here and put key infrastructure in place to fuel growth.
as part of the new west bengal policy on information and communication technology, 2012 and west bengal ict incentive scheme, 2012, the state has set a target to achieve 15 per cent of the countrys ict revenue by 2020.
after assuming power, the trinamul-led state government had set up an it advisory committee led by n.r. narayana murthy of infosys and sampitroda as a member.
we also want to set up a technology bhavan which other states already have.
while things are yet to be finalised, this can come up on government land.
we have land available in sector v of salt lake and rajarhat.
everyone agreed that the it sector has prospects as it generates employment, chatterjee said.
the meeting today saw over 50 companies in conversation with the minister.
companies included tata consultancy services, cognizant, rolta and itc infotech.
it industry body nasscom was also present.
it secretary satish tewari, webel managing director prabir kumar das and other key officials of the it department attended the meeting.
marketing bengal as an ideal it destination was also discussed.
it was a good meeting and there will be a lot of thrust on it going forward.
there will be focus on the growth of local companies and setting up incubation centres, kalyan kar, co-founder and managing director of inthink, said after the meeting today.
the minister has said companies should participate to achieve greater e-governance.
the government will be creating necessary infrastructure in the city and beyond and focus on skills training.
a need to have a task force that will provide inputs and help to be in touch with the ground realities was also discussed, kar said.
indias uk mission london, jan.
31 (pti): the indian high commission in the uk ranks sixth on a list of foreign missions with unpaid dues of 3.
3million for a special fee charged on vehicles operating in central london.
according to figures released by transport for london, india owes the department congestion charge dues from february 2003 to january 2014.
the amount is a charge for a service and diplomats are not exempt from paying it, an official said.
the us leads the list.
art display new delhi (pti): select works by m.f. husain, gaitonde and bhupen khakar will be part of a sothebys exhibition here.
the works are set go under the hammer in london and new york in two auctions in late february and march, the auctioneers said.
pak rally islamabad (pti): forty vintage cars and 10 bikes from india will cross into pakistan next month for a motor rally as part of a friendship drive.
in the first such event, the vehicles will enter pakistan through the wagah border on february 13 and will be escorted by pakistani cars to the india show, a trade fair to be held in lahore.
ishrat papers new delhi (pti): the union law ministry has refused to give legal opinion to the cbi on whether sanction is needed to prosecute intelligence bureau officers in the ishrat jahan encounter case, citing insufficient documents.
dog project hisar (pti): haryana will be the first state to implement a sterilisation programme for dogs under the national animal welfare board.
some 20,000 people die because of rabies each year, the nawb chief has said, adding that there are about 30 million stray dogs in the country.
the rs 50-crore project will soon be implemented in other states also.
suicide slur meerut (pti): a bba student has allegedly committed suicide in meerut.
naveen singh, son of a railway police supervisor posted at ghaziabad, was found hanging in his home in jagriti vihar area on thursday.
crash claim new delhi, jan.
31 (pti): a motor accident claims tribunal in delhi has awarded a compensation of over rs 45 lakh to the wife, children and father of a man who died after being hit by a speeding car in september 2012.
it also awarded a compensation of rs 90,000 to the wife of ram sahai who suffered injuries in the accident.
sahai was hit by the car while crossing the road.
gandhi portal new delhi (pti):a web portal on mahatma gandhi was launched by national innovation council chairman sampitroda on the freedom fighters 66th death anniversary on thursday.
the portal targets children between 6 and 15 years and is available in english and hindi.
bsp mp new delhi (pti): delhi police have chargesheeted a bsp mp for allegedly raping a 42-year-old railway employee repeatedly for four years.
dhananjay singh, an mp from jaunpur, was arrested in november last year in connection with the murder of his maid and is now in judicial custody.
serial warning mumbai (pti):bombay high court has said it will stop the telecast of a television serial on gautam buddha if it hurts religious sentiments.
the court has, however, maintained that it will not intervene if the issue is trivial .
graft cuffs hyderabad (pti): ten government officials and revenue staff were arrested in kurnool on friday for allegedly misappropriating nrega funds to the tune of rs 23 lakh.
the accused issued jobs and student cards in the name of dead persons, said the cid, which is probing the case.
bahuguna dehradun (pti): vijay bahuguna resigned on friday as uttarakhand chief minister.
there have been speculation that union minister harish rawat has emerged as a strong contender to succeed him.
bahuguna said he was resigning on the directives of the congress high command.
vice-chancellor of central university of bihar janak pandey (centre) and other faculty members at the orientation programme on bit campus in patna on monday.
picture by jai prakash patna, aug.
1: the 2011-13 academic session of central university of bihar (cub) will begin tomorrow on the varsitys temporary campus at birla institute of technology, but with 60 vacant seats.
this year, 100 students have taken admission that is based on central university common entrance test (cucet) for eight disciplines the varsity teaches.
however, around 60 seats have remained vacant, as students who had applied for the admission test failed to meet the expectations of varsity standards.
during the orientation programme today, students were briefed on various rules and regulations that they require to follow during his course of study.
the students were asked to be regular in their classes as 75 per cent attendance is compulsory.
according to registrar mohammed nihal, cub has been established according to act of parliament in 2009 and the varsity cant compromise on education standards.
many subjects, including mathematics has only nine students against the total student strength of 20.
similarly, counselling psychology, a new course has received only six takers.
in bio-informatics, 12 students have taken admission, while five students took admission in statistics for this session.
nihal said: cub has some set standards and we cant compromise on quality.
however, this year there has been increase in number of students who have taken admission as last year there were only 82 students who had taken admission.
nihal added: despite our space limitations, this year, the number of students from outside states has risen from eight to 12.
cucet was held on june 18 and june 19.
this year, around 7,500 students appeared for the test, which was held in 36 centres across the country, while cub received 700 applications for 160 seats in eight courses.
the registrar added: the varsity for the first time since its inception in 2009 has selected 11 regular faculty members for five subjects, development studies, computer science, environmental science, mathematics and statistics.
the selection of 11 regular faculty members at cub is seen as an attempt by the varsity to give more stress on quality education to meet the standards of centre of excellence on the lines of which the varsity has been established.
earlier, cub vice-chancellor janak pandey while addressing students on the orientation progamme, said: cub is established with a purpose and its functioning is quite different from other state universities.
according to national knowledge commission, which was formed by the central government in 2005 and headed by sampitroda , which aims at increasing the gross enrolment ratio (ger), these universities have some set goals.
with globalisation, india and china have emerged as superpowers while the ger of students in the age group of 18 to 23, who have access to higher education in india is still less at 10 per cent, while in china, the ger it is 30 per cent, said pandey.
prime minister narendra modi on friday slammed the congress for its leader sam pitroda's reported remark on the anti-sikh riots, saying it showed the character and mentality of the party.
the remarks reflect the arrogance of the congress, he said addressing a poll rally on the last day of campaigning for the sixth phase here.
modi said, congress, which ruled for a maximum period, has been insensitive and that is reflected by the three words spoken yesterday.
.
.
these words have not been spoken just like that, these words are character and mentality and intentions of the congress .
and which were these words, these were 'hua to hua', said modi referring to pitroda's remarks made on thursday on anti-sikh riots of 84.
hua to hua, repeated modi and told the gathering that they must be wondering what the prime minister was saying.
we can very well understand arrogance of those who run the congress in these three words hua to hua, said modi.
yesterday, one of the tallest leaders of the congress speaking in a loud voice on 1984 said '84 ka danga hua to hua'.
do you know who this leader is, he is very close to the gandhi family.
.
.
this leader was very good friend of rajiv gandhi and guru of congress 'naamdar' (dynast) president, he said.
asked about the 1984 riots, pitroda had reportedly said: 84 mein hua to hua.
sam pitroda at iim calcutta on friday.
picture by bishwarup dutta sampitroda pegged a b-schoolers dollar dream to show fresh graduates at iim calcutta on friday why the haves must support the have-nots.
i know many of you will go for investment banks to earn.
i know your goal is to make a lot of money which is good.
but at some point of time you have got to make a decision.
enough is enough!
its time to give back now.
in india, those who are capable of giving back want to take more and those who want to give, have not much to give.
there is a disconnect, said the man who is credited with revolutionising the countrys telecommunication sector.
pitroda, the chairman of the national innovation council, was at the oldest b-school in the country on the occasion of its foundation day.
he told the management graduates to look beyond the goal of earning money and contribute for those at the bottom rung of the social ladder and explained why they need to focus on the underprivileged in the country.
if a bamboo cultivator says that his bamboo is not straightening, bring tissue culture to his doorstep.
if a brass foundry worker says his foundry is not working, redesign the foundry, he said, highlighting the importance of inclusive growth for the uplift of the poor.
the development needs to be sustainable, scalable and affordable.
pitroda said the iim graduates have a moral responsibility to look at the problems of the poor and not just the rich.
i find the best designer wants to go abroad after getting his or her degree .
this needs to be changed, he added.
the students should develop their own model of development rather than following a western one, he said.
they should bring forth their entrepreneurial skills to create jobs, not take away any.
the development needs to be sustainable, scalable and affordable.
the speech from the adviser to prime minister manmohan singh on public information, infrastructure and innovation inspired several students in the auditorium to vow to pursue the goals set by him.
i definitely want to give something back to society.
pitroda sir is a role model for us.
hailing from a very poor family he has achieved a lot.
we found his speech extremely inspiring, said sachin gupta, the student representative.
a student asked pitroda how they could negotiate the challenges of corruption and bureaucratic hurdles.
pitrodas message was simple: just fight it.
he also referred to the giant strides the telecom sector took in the 1980s under rajiv gandhi.
when he died, i lost my heart, said the man known to be close to the former prime minister.
new delhi, nov.
15: a government think tank has proposed a network of universities to allow students to pick courses from across disciplines from different institutions, permitting, say, an engineering student in bangalore to also study literature from calcutta.
the national innovation council has proposed that a high-speed, fibre-based broadband network that will soon connect more than 400 universities and academic institutions across the country should be used to pioneer the concept of a meta university.
the meta university will enable breaking down silos of academic disciplines and help students gain multi-disciplinary understanding, creating more rounded intellectuals for society, the nic has said in its first report released by prime minister manmohan singh today.
this would enable a student of astrophysics at the indian institute of science, bangalore, for example, to take up a course in comparative literature at jadavpur university, singh said, after releasing the nic report.
such creative reconfigurations are expected to create new minds conducive for innovation, singh said.
the high-speed broadband network linking educational institutions is expected to allow universities to share courseware, even lectures, with other institutions in the network.
students wishing to study across different institutions would have to first clear the competency levels required by each of those institutions, said r. gopalakrishnan, the member secretary in the nic.
while technology could facilitate a meta university, sections of the academic community say it is unclear how fast such a change could be introduced given what they say is an academic lethargy that has prevented the implementation of similar proposals made earlier.
the three indian science academies had more than two years ago jointly proposed changes to allow students pick courses across disciplines within the same university.
but even that has remained unimplemented today, said subhash lakhotia, a senior zoologist at the banaras hindu university, varanasi.
the university grants commission has also been discussing transfer of course credits across universities, but there is little progress, lakhotia said.
the idea of a meta university is very good  but the question is: are our universities ready to take this up?
i think a combination of incentives and force will be necessary to do this, he said.
a member of the nic said the union human resource development ministry had expressed enthusiasm for the meta university.
we expect only a small number of institutions to start with, but were hoping the number will grow over the years, the nic member said.
academic institutions that are already involved in distance education or make available their lessons and lectures through the internet are likely to be the earliest members of the meta university network.
charles vest, president-emeritus at the massachusetts institute of technology in the us, had first proposed the emergence of the meta university in a talk more than five years ago.
the nic has tried to tailor that idea of a collaborative platform to offer students in india what it says will be a customised learning experience.
prime minister narendra modi addresses an election rally for the lok sabha polls, in deoria district, on may 12, 2019.
(pti photo)prime minister narendra modi on sunday accused mayawati of shedding crocodile tears over the alleged gang rape of a dalit woman in rajasthan, prompting the bahujan samaj party chief to chastise him for dirty politics.
both modi and mayawati, who supports rajasthans congress government, had accused the state authorities of covering up the april 26 incident in alwar for political reasons, and of intimidating the complainants.
addressing an election meeting at kushinagar in uttar pradesh on sunday, modi said: please do not shed crocodile tears.
if you are serious, why dont you withdraw support to the congress government in rajasthan?
soon afterwards, mayawati hit back by demanding the prime ministers resignation over the atrocities on dalits under his watch.
modi is doing dirty politics.
the bsp will take an appropriate political decision (on withdrawal of support to the rajasthan government) in the absence of stringent and proper legal action in the case, she said in a media release.
but why is prime minister modi not taking moral responsibility for past incidents such as the una flogging, rohith vemula case or other atrocities on dalits?
cow vigilantes had publicly flogged several young dalits in una, gujarat, in july 2016.
rohith, a dalit phd scholar, committed suicide at hyderabad university in january 2016 after the campus authorities punished him following an abvp complaint and prods from the union hrd ministry.
the alwar complainant says she was travelling with her husband on a motorcycle on april 26 when the accused stopped the couple, took them to an isolated place, beat the husband and raped her in front of him.
her husband says he approached the police on april 30 but the cops registered the fir only on may 7, saying they were busy with the elections.
rajasthan voted on april 29 and may 6.
mayawati had on saturday accused the rajasthan government of hushing the matter up by terrorising the complainants family till the completion of polling in the state.
she had appealed to the supreme court to take notice and ensure prompt justice.
modi said the rajasthan government had suppressed the incident thinking hua toh hua (so what if it happened) - an allusion to a phrase congress politician sampitroda had used recently in reference to the 1984 anti-sikh pogrom, for which rahul gandhi asked him to apologise.
the prime minister claimed the alleged gang rape was the biggest example of how the mahamilawat (grand adulteration, modis coinage for the opposition alliance) works in rajasthan.
if you (mayawati) are so honest about the dignity of daughters, you should immediately write to the rajasthan governor and withdraw support to the congress government, he said.
to punish those who commit crimes against women, this chowkidaar (watchman) of yours had made provisions for capital punishment.
if the congress governments intention was right, it would not have suppressed the alwar incident.
congress president rahul gandhi on monday publicly rebuked party functionary sampitroda , saying he should apologise for his hua toh hua (whatever happened, happened) remark about the 1984 anti-sikh pogrom.
rahul, who had a few days earlier made similar remarks in an interview, voiced his latest censure at a rally in punjab, where pitrodas comment can hurt the congress during sundays election.
i called him and said, what you said is absolutely wrong.
apologise for this.
i am saying this publicly now, he told the hoshiarpur meeting.
i told pitroda, respect the pain in peoples hearts.
the guilty must be punished and will be punished.
at his next rally in the state, at khanna in ludhiana, rahul said: pitroda should be ashamed and apologise to the nation.
the crowds at both meetings applauded.
pitroda was telling an interviewer that prime minister narendra modi should focus on his performance instead of digging into the past when he responded to a query about the 1984 violence with hua toh hua.
congress leader sampitroda interacts with party workers, during the ongoing lok sabha polls, in shimla, friday, may 10, 2019.
(pti)the bjp, shiromani akali dal and modi grabbed the opportunity to attack the congress for defending genocide.
rahul immediately reprimanded pitroda, saying the remark was completely out of line and he should apologise for it.
pitroda did.
pitroda, a former technocrat who is not a politician, has been giving interviews and making political observations in election season.
he was close to rajiv gandhi and now heads the indian overseas congressalthough he lives in the us, he has been campaigning in delhi and is part of the congresss election management team.
he has now been asked to avoid talking to the media.
pitrodas casual remark about 1984 came at a time when delhi and punjab, home to a large number of sikhs, were still to vote.
delhi voted on may 12 and punjab will do so on may 19.
congress leaders in punjab and delhi were livid at pitrodas comment and complained to the central leadership.
punjab chief minister amarinder singh was the first to rap pitroda.
pitroda travelled to the golden temple in amritsar the day after his controversial remark and hailed the great religion of sikhism, but this wasnt enough to control the political damage.
rahul knows that even a slight shift in voting patterns could cost the congress several seats.
several congress politicians have been accused of involvement in the 1984 violence and have been convicted or are facing trial.
the party has expressed regret for the brutality several times.
it made manmohan singh, a sikh, the prime minister for two successive terms.
when it is time to eat humble pie, some shove it straight in, others with some resistance.
so it was this time too, when narendra modi came back with a thundering mandate.
perhaps the most direct in conceding the defeat of his hopes was ashoka university vice-chancellor and columnist pratap bhanu mehta.
in his column in the indian express, mehta wrote: the only authentic analysis of this election is two words: narendra modi.
everything else is irrelevant.
modi convinced the voters that he could write indias destiny.
and they were glad to outsource their destiny to him.
anybody who doubted that this was going to be the outcome, including this columnist, should eat humble pie.
like mehta, there were others whose hopes were dashed.
omar abdullah, who had tweeted his fear that not all exit polls could be wrong about modis victory, was in the mood to make a confession.
i just remembered to remove all the bookmarks on tweets saying save this for the 23rd of may.
i did & every single one of them was wrong.
i toyed with posting them now but that would be mean.
i just remembered to remove all the bookmarks on tweets saying save this for the 23rd of may.
i did & every single one of them was wrong.
i toyed with posting them now but that would be mean.
omar abdullah (@omarabdullah) may 24, 2019omar will be remembered, perhaps, not just for his biting tweets but also for saying that he wants a separate prime minister for kashmir.
but sampitroda , one of congress strategists, will be in public memory for some time for saying hua toh hua when the anti-sikh riots were mentioned.
as the results became clear, pitroda became sombre.
it is time to review, reflect and redirect our organization to build the necessary foundation for the future.
it is time for soul searching and deep understanding of what we need to do going forward with a focus on our values, culture, strategy, systems and lot more, he tweeted.
it is also time to change our selves individually & collectively to respond to the new reality of india.
sam pitroda (@sampitroda) may 23, 2019yashwant sinha, once a bjp senior leader who became a regular critic of modi, seemed to be in no mood for soul searching.
he warned abusers outright.
never mock a loser in a democracy.
it always entails a heavy cost on the winner.
the country has seen bigger electoral victories in the past but hubris has always led to defeat.
so, be warned abusers.
never mock a loser in a democracy.
it always entails a heavy cost on the winner.
the country has seen bigger electoral victories in the past but hubris has always led to defeat.
so, be warned abusers.
yashwant sinha (@yashwantsinha) may 24, 2019two first-time contestants who lost were in no mood to give up.
the cpis kanhaiya kumar, whose fight in begusarai against the giriraj singh was crowd-funded, made it clear in hindi verse that the fight is on now.
,   ,       -,  ,   kanhaiya kumar (@kanhaiyakumar) may 24, 2019prakash raj, who lost the bangalore central seat, had hoped on may 19that the voters would prove the exit polls wrong.
but he was wrong.
with the exit polls .
.
.
.
let some day dream that nightmare will come back.
but on 23 rd .
.
.
i believe citizens will prove it wrong.
with the exit polls .
.
.
.
let some day dream that nightmare will come back.
but on 23 rd .
.
.
i believe citizens will prove it wrong .
.
till then lets sing n celebrate.
.
.
what bapu ji taught us .
.
.
pls retweet n share  pic.
twitter.com/qao3wotjat  prakash raj (@prakashraaj) may 19, 2019four days later, he wrote about the solid slap that the election result had served him.
a solid slap on my face .
.
as more abuse.
.
troll.
.
and humiliation come my way.
.
i will stand my ground .
.
my resolve to fight for secular india will continue.
.
a tough journey ahead has just begun .
.
thank you everyone who were with me in this journey.
.
.
.
.
new delhi, march 25: sampitroda , a key adviser to the prime minister, today accused the government of failing to implement any higher education reforms in the past five years and asked it to act now.
pitroda, adviser on public information, infrastructure and innovation, said the government had delayed the reforms on the plea of discussions and consultations.
speaking at a conference of the vice-chancellors of state and central universities, he suggested that a recent higher education survey launched by the human resource development (hrd) ministry was a further waste of time.
he said the vice-chancellors in this room were well aware of the problems in higher education and didnt need a survey to enlighten them.
the imperative was not to hold surveys but to act.
pitroda expressed surprise at the delay in implementation of the reforms suggested by the national knowledge commission (nkc) and the yashpal committee on renovation and rejuvenation of higher education.
the nkc has given so many recommendations (between 2006 and 2009).
but nothing has been implemented .
inaction in higher education is a crime.
it is time to act, he said.
one of the recommendations of the nkc, set up by the prime minister, is to form an apex regulator, the independent regulatory authority for higher education.
the yashpal committee has made similar recommendations for an overarching body in higher education and research.
the nkc has also suggested the creation of 1,500 universities by 2015 and stressed changes in curricula in various subjects and the introduction of the credit system in indian universities.
pitroda said he was upset at the governments decision to conduct a higher education survey.
there is no need for a national survey.
this will further delay the implementation of reforms in higher education, he said.
the survey, being carried out by the national university of educational planning and administration, aims to create a database on higher educational institutions and their capacity.
as an alternative, pitroda circulated a list of 25 questions at the conference and requested the vice-chancellors to send their answers.
the vice-chancellors in this room know every issue in higher education.
i request you to give your inputs to the questions.
the summary will be given to hrd minister kapil sibal, pitroda said.
the questions relate to the universities infrastructure for teaching and research, their research outputs and their initiatives at innovation.
earlier, sibal had said the state universities faced several problems, including political interference.
vice-chancellors are appointed at the instance of the political establishment.
this must end.
if we really want our system to thrive, the academic world should be left free to its own devices in the hope that you create a future for the country, sibal said.
he added that university teachers should be assessed by their students.
the vice-chancellors conference aims at identifying development issues and challenges and the reforms agenda for higher education during the 12th five year plan period.
sonia and rahul.
(file picture) new delhi, may 12: the congress contested the impression of a setback in the national herald case today and accused the government of spreading disinformation with the sole intention of maligning the party.
abhishek manu singhvi, congress spokesperson and the senior lawyer representing the party in the case, said a writ petition had been filed in delhi high court raising jurisdictional issues over an income-tax department decision to reopen a five-year-old assessment.
the court recorded my statement and asked me to raise all these issues, including the objection to the jurisdiction, before the i-t department.
satisfied with the liberty given, i withdrew the writ, singhvi said.
the court today declined to stay the tax proceedings in the case, which involves sonia gandhi, rahul gandhi and others, and asked them to approach the tax authorities.
singhvi accused government agencies of spreading disinformation.
unsigned notes are being circulated by government agencies to spread disinformation about the case.
we have one note which carries a summary with distorted facts and lies.
it is astonishing that the government has no better thing to do than to malign its political rival.
it reflects their fear, insecurity and vindictiveness.
singhvi expressed dismay at some media reports suggesting the court had asked the tax department to investigate fraud in the case and others that indicated sonia and rahul would have to appear in court.
if the court has said so, i will tender an apology.
what is being reported is not true, it borders on contempt of court.
the government only wants to malign us and oblige its proxies who are fighting in the court.
the case is based on a private complaint filed by bjp mp subramanian swamy, accusing the gandhis and the others of conspiring to cheat and misappropriate funds belonging to associate journals, which ran the now-defunct national herald, by floating a company called young indian.
the other accused are motilal vora, oscar fernandes, suman dubey and sam pitroda.
the trial court had in 2015 granted bail to sonia, rahul and the others.
earlier today, a bench of justices s. muralidhar and chander shekhar had told singhvi: we are not inclined to entertain your writ petition.
it is better you withdraw it and approach the income-tax assessing officer.
in case it is still not satisfied, the company can move the court thereafter.
the bench did not ask the tax department to proceed against the gandhis.
young indian - a not-for-profit company in which some of the congress leaders have shares - had moved the court to have the proceedings stayed and the tax re-assessment for the assessment year 2011-12 quashed.
the income-tax department also opposed the petition on the ground that the firm had not approached the assessing officer and, hence, its plea was not maintainable.
although today's petition did not relate to the merits of the case, the bjp was quick to welcome the court's refusal to stay the tax proceedings.
union law minister ravi shankar prasad said: it would be in the gandhis' interest if they cooperated with the income-tax authorities.
the national herald, a congress-run newspaper, had become a sort of family concern, something which had never happened during jawaharlal nehru's time.
they must remember that this involves a serious ethical and moral issue.
there is an important question of propriety.
democracy runs on public morality.
singhvi, however, asserted that the congress was proud of its association with the herald as it was an important voice in the freedom movement.
he said young indian was registered under section 25 of the companies act, which bars profit for any individual and shifting of assets.
new delhi, feb.
27: indian railways will require more than rs 13 lakh crore over the next five years to modernise operations and make trains safer, according to a panel of experts.
the railways need to spend rs 8.
23 lakh crore over the next five years on upgradation and will require a central assistance of rs 2.
5 lakh crore, a report by the panel, led by technocrat sampitroda , said today.
another report submitted 10 days back by a panel, headed by anil kakodkar, former chairman of the atomic energy commission, said the railways would require rs 1 lakh crore every year to meet its safety requirements, including a central assistance of rs 5,000 crore annually, over a five-year period.
the budget for this fiscal had allocated rs 20,000 crore to the sector.
railway minister dinesh trivedi pitched for increased government assistance for the speedy implementation of measures to propel double-digit economic growth in the twelfth five-year plan (2012-17).
you cannot modernise the railways without safety, both go hand in hand.
for the economy to grow over 9 per cent during the 12th plan, the railways need to grow at least 10-12 per cent as it is the engine of growth, trivedi said.
the railway ministry hopes to secure a fair share of the $1 trillion, which the planning commission seeks to earmark for infrastructure in the 12th plan.
trivedi had told parliament that over rs 1 lakh crore was needed to clear the project backlogs.
while 50 per cent of the infrastructure needs of the next plan will be funded by public-private partnership, the rest will be funded by the government.
railways rightfully needs to have 10 per cent of that central assistance, as it is the key infrastructure sector, he said.
subhashish mohantybhubaneswar: to get past the cap on cabinet size and at the same time utilise eminent persons in administrative roles, chief minister naveen patnaik has accorded ministerial status to nine mlas and five professionals.
though the mlas have been accord ministerial status out of political compulsion, naveen choice of eminent persons is borne out of his necessity to seek their guidance in affairs of the state.
the latest entrant to the ministerial club is former mumbai police commissioner arup patnaik.
he has been assigned the task to spearhead naveen's dream project - the biju yuva vahini.
as executive chairman of the state youth welfare board, patnaik will nurture leadership, volunteerism, promote sports and sportsmanship and healthy living among youth.
patnaik will enjoy the status of a minister of state.
naveen had in the past appointed cardiologist and president of the public health foundation of india.
k. srinath reddy as health adviser.
similarly, technocrat and telecom expert sampitroda , mindtree co-founder subroto bagchi and former gujarat cadre ias officer rabi narayan das had been appointed advisers to the state government.
however, pitroda had resigned after the bjp dragged him into a row.
reddy and bagchi enjoy the status of cabinet minister.
bagchi is the chairman of the odisha skill development authority, while das is now state planning board adviser.
he enjoys the rank of a minister of state.
the involvement of these people has given us direction.
but a balance has to be made otherwise sometime the ministers will feel neglected, said a bjd mla.
speaking to the telegraph, patnaik said: i am still taking baby steps in politics.
i have been given a minister's rank, but let me do some work before i can talk.
former head of the political science department of utkal university surya naryan mishra said: a chief minister can accommodate 15 per cent of the assembly members as ministers.
but there is no bar on how many he can accord ministerial status.
as this is a recent development, no amendment has been made to the constitution to restrict the number of people with ministerial status.
prime minister narendra modi addresses an election rally for the last phase of lok sabha polls, in buxar, on may 14, 2019.
(pti photo)lambasting the congress over sam pitroda's hua to hua comment, prime minister narendra modi on tuesday charged that the remark was a reflection of the party's arrogance with which it has been shrugging off its misdeeds while it was in power.
the three words hua to hua (whatever happened, happened) uttered by the pitroda of the naamdaar (rahul gandhi) in front of tv cameras sum up their attitude.
this is the way they have brazened it out whenever their regimes have been discredited on account of corruption scandals, modi told an election rally in sasaram.
the nation is fed up and crying out ab bahut hua (now, enough is enough), he said, and added that people are fed up with the dynastic politics of the congress, their corruption and arrogance.
the message will be loud and clear on may 23 when counting of votes is scheduled, modi said, evoking chants of phir ek baar modi sarkaar from the crowds.
in an obvious dig at lalu prasad's rjd, he said the arrogance of the congress was on display when it imposed the emergency and humiliated jayaprakash narayan and in the way it had allegedly sought to erase the contributions of ambedkar from history.
modi accused the congress of genuflecting before pakistan-based terror during the years it ruled the country, seeking the bodies of terrorists after surgical strikes and air strikes carried out by our jawans and standing with the tukde-tukde gang.
these are also the reasons why the nation is saying ab bahut hua, he added.
calcutta, oct.
28: bengals new information technology (it) policy is likely to be finalised by december.
the present policy was framed in 2003.
it is possible that the it policy will be finalised by december, said bengal it minister partha chatterjee.
the state government under chief minister mamata banerjee has been focussing on wooing investments back into the state.
infotech has been identified as one of the key areas of focus.
chatterjee had earlier said the new policy was aimed at making the state a top destination for it and extending technology to smaller towns.
the government has also set up a core committee to prepare the new policy, which has infosys chairman emeritus n.r. narayana murthy as its chief mentor and sampitroda as the chairman.
the committee held its first meeting on september 17.
eight working groups were set up to cover areas such as e-governance, e-health, e-education, infrastructure and human resources.
these working groups will provide inputs to the new policy.
former nasscom president kiran karnik, nasscom eastern region head suparno moitra and the chatterjee group president aniruddha lahiri are among the members of the committee.
