bjp leader subramanian swamy.
bjp leader subramanian swamy.
a delhi court friday summoned the balance sheets of indian national congress (inc) and associated journals pvt ltd (ajl) that was sought by complainant and bjp leader subramanian swamy in connection with the national herald case in which congress president sonia gandhi and vice-president rahul gandhi have been named as accused.
accepting swamys plea, metropolitan magistrate lovleen sought the balance sheets of inc and ajl for the year 2010-11.
at the very outset, this court must observe that the documents referred to in the present application belong to two separate entities  inc and ajl.
by no stretch of imagination, the documents could be referred to as personal documents of accused persons accordingly, it is directed that the balance sheet of inc pertaining to the year 2010-2011 be summoned on filing of process fee for the next date of hearing, the magistrate ordered.
the court will now hear the matter on march 21.
share this article related article patiala house court to hear national herald case pleapatiala house court to hear national herald case plea sonia gandhi accuses subramanian swamy of seeking 'fishing' probe in national herald casesonia gandhi accuses subramanian swamy of seeking 'fishing' probe in national herald case national herald case: congress hopes delhi high court ruling will end bjp, subramanian swamys celebrationsnational herald case: congress hopes delhi high court ruling will end bjp, subramanian swamys celebrations national herald case: delhi high court sets aside trial court ordernational herald case: delhi high court sets aside trial court order national herald case: delhi court seeks congress balance sheetnational herald case: delhi court seeks congress balance sheet national herald case: subramanian swamy seeks financial details of congressthe order came after swamy, in his plea, sought summoning of balance sheets, receipts and payments accounts, income and expenditure statements for 2010-2011, 2011-2012 and 2012-2013 of the inc and ajl.
he had argued that these records were necessary to establish the method adopted by the accused for the purpose of extending loans to acquire ajl through young india (yi).
meanwhile, the court, while summoning the documents, said, the complainant submits, upon inquiry, that the assignment of loan was done by the accused persons on december 27, 2010.
in view thereof, the relevant records pertaining to the assignment of above-said loan by the congress party to yi are necessary for a just disposal of this case.
this court finds force in the submissions made by the complainant as under valuation of belongings of ajl is also one of the causes for which the accused persons are facing trial, it added.
in the national herald case, swamy has alleged that congress leaders were involved in cheating and breach of trust in the acquisition of ajl by yi, as assets worth crores had been transferred to yi.
he has alleged that yi, which has sonia gandhi and rahul gandhi on its board of directors, took over assets of the defunct print media outlet in a malicious manner to gain profit and assets worth over rs 2,000 crore.
apart from the gandhis, congress treasurer motilal vora, general secretary oscar fernandes, journalist suman dubey and technocrat sampitroda were also named in the case.
sam pitroda.
(file) sam pitroda.
(file)the bjp workers staged a demonstration here today demanding immediate removal of sampitroda as technical advisor to the odisha government.
alleging formation of an unholy nexus between the bjd and the congress in odisha, bjps state unit vice-president samir mohanty claimed pitroda was involved in the national herald case and he must be removed from the post.
pitroda was, however, not immediately available for the comment.
there exists an unholy nexus betwen the ruling bjd and opposition congress in the state which is not a good sign for the people, he said adding that the bjp would step up its fight to safeguard the interest of odisha.
the people of the state have always been suffering because of such alliance of the ruling party and the opposition, mohanty claimed as the slogan-shouting bjp workers alleged that the ruling bjd was using congress as a crutch for its survival.
the demonstrators also sought to know about pitrodas performance and contribution since he was made technical advisor to the state government.
bjp spokesperson sajjan sharma had earlier alleged that chief minister naveen patnaik had given pitroda a cabinet minister rank because of an internal tie-up between the bjd and the congress.
while bjd spokesperson dibyasankar mishra said that the bjp should wait for the court verdict in the case, state congress spokesperson sarat rout has rubbished bjps allegation.
b'differences between congress leaders over the issue of lal batti (red beacon) in vehicles when senior congress leader and former cm rajinder kaur bhattal who is also punjab manifesto committee chairperson, and its convenor manpreet singh badal had different opinions on the matter.
both the leaders, along with mp chaudhary santokh singh and dcc rural chairman jagbir singh brar, were in the city thursday for a series of meetings with over 25 trade organisations and dalit leadership to prepare a people-friendly manifesto.
asked if the congresss manifesto would promise to wipe out the vvip culture or red beacon vehicle culture for the elected representatives, manpreet replied, yes, it will be ended 100 per cent by the congress if voted to power and the same will be in our manifesto as well.
bhattal, on the other hand, remained non-committal and said, we cannot promise anything on red beacon culture at this moment.
we can only recommend to the congress high command and the final decision will be theirs.
announcing a series of measures aimed at the welfare of the punjab, the manifesto committee declared that if voted to power, the congress would bring over 30 such legislation to tackle the rising corruption, to streamline the bureaucracy and to take on the leaders owning benami lands worth crores.
manpreet badal said that in the manifesto they will promise rs. 51,000 for shagun schem, rs 2,000 old-age pension and job to one member of every family.
they assured to make the state self-dependent.
manmohan, pitroda to guide us: manpreetmanpreet singh badal said the punjab congress would send the manifesto proposal to the centre and that former prime minister manmohan singh and technocrat sampitroda would provide guidance in drafting it.
safai karmachari leader slams congsafai karmachari union leader chandan grewal attacked the congress leadership, saying that if the present government was responsible for the sorry state of dalits, congress was much more guilty.
when the congress was in power, it did nothing for us.
now you come to us for your interest.
we will support congress only if our all demands are put up in the manifesto.
b'the rail budget must spell out how it will attract private investmentunion railway minister pawan kumar bansal has a daunting task of locating resources for pulling back the indian railways (ir) from the brink of bankruptcy,for enhancing safety,implementing modernisation and augmenting capacities.
he also has to weed out projects of doubtful social relevance justified on grounds of equity.
the latter is easier said than done since the ir is also looked upon as an instrument of social policy for integrating the country,opening up remote areas to settlement and economic development and offering low fares for those who cannot afford to pay.
for these reasons,investments with less than market return cannot be entirely wished away.
since determining to what extent an investment will aid the disadvantaged has been a problem,the judgement of the minister has ultimately decided the issue.
as long as ministers ensured that investments in projects with less than market return did not undermine the irs financial stability,the outcome was good.
however,over the last two decades or so,railway ministers have been increasingly buffeted by the winds of coalition politics and have sought new political constituencies by extending sops in the form of concessions,and trains and projects in remote areas.
in fact,railway ministers have been able to use voters disparate objectives and the varied patterns of distribution of voting power to justify self-serving behaviour.
moreover,unlike private-sector firms,the central government can often tax its way out of financial difficulties.
this blunts the threat of financial distress and reduces its effectiveness in deterring railway ministers from uneconomical investment.
this has led to the diversion of scarce capital to projects or services that dont give adequate returns,forcing the ir to cut expenditure on replacement of over-aged assets,expansion and modernisation.
the impact of this shows in falling safety standards and poor service.
two committees to look into the funding needs of the ir  for modernisation and enhancing safety  were constituted in 2011 by then-railway minister dinesh trivedi.
the expert group for modernisation of indian railways,headed by sam pitroda,estimated that,for undoing the effects of severe and chronic underinvestment in railway infrastructure and modernising the system,rs 5.
6 trillion was required.
the high level safety review committee,chaired by anil kakodkar,held the irs poor financial health as one of the reasons for the drift in safety and estimated that,for modernisation and replacement of over-aged assets,a sum of rs 1.
03 tn was needed.
in addition to the sums estimated by the two committees,the ir needs a significant infusion of capital for capacity argumentation to meet the expected increase in traffic over the next five years.
the 12th five year plan estimates are rs 4.
43 tn,which makes for a total overall investment requirement over the next five years to be around rs 11.
06 tn.
the planning commission has agreed to provide a gross budgetary support of rs 3.
54 tn against the irs request of rs 10 tn,which leaves it with a substantial gap of rs 6.
49 tn to fund from internal and other resources.
the ir expects it can generate rs 2 tn from internal resources,and about rs 168.
5 billion from market borrowing,green energy and road safety funds.
the balance will have to come from state governments and through ppps.
however,despite all these efforts,the ir will still be left with a visible funding gap of about rs 1.
05 tn or nearly 10 per cent of the required investment.
bansal has the difficult task of covering this shortfall and removing institutional roadblocks that have prevented the ir from getting funds through the ppp route.
the irs experience in the 11th plan was far from satisfactory.
against the planned extra-budgetary support of rs 746.
5 bn,it was able to raise only rs 544.
6 bn  that is,a shortfall of 32 per cent.
one of the main reasons was the failure of the ppp initiative.
it could generate only 4 per cent of the total plan outlay,which is far less than what was achieved in other infrastructure sectors,such as,ports,80 per cent,telecom,82 per cent,electricity,44 per cent,airports,64 per cent and roads,16 per cent.
one of the reasons for the ppp initiatives failure was the lack of experience and the complex nature of obligation to customers.
there are also legal restrictions that dont allow core railway operations to be privatised.
despite these difficulties,there have been a few successful ppp projects,such as the viramgam-mahesana gauge conversion project,surendranagar pipavav rail project and the gandhidham palanpur railway project,which could be models for last-mile connectivity and core infrastructure industries.
it also shows that,with a clear policy framework for promoting private sector investment and fdi,it is possible for the ir to raise resources for its modernisation and expansion.
in fact,it should be quite easy for the ir to put in place effective policies as all decisions are taken by the nodal ministry.
in practice,however,the ir has found it most difficult to bring in policies conducive to private investment participation.
the big question is,will bansal spell out in his budget how he expects to get private sector participation,especially through the ppp route,in the face of dismal past performance?
in addition,will he spell out his thinking on how he judges the important issue of social equity in rail investment so that projects of doubtful social benefit are not funded at the cost of projects that can give market returns?
the stay has come as a relief to sonia, rahul and other congress leaders.
a delhi court, which had issued summons against congress president sonia gandhi, rahul gandhi and others, on thursday deferred till august 28 hearing in the case filed by bjp leader subramanian swamy in the matter pertaining to acquisition of national herald daily.
metropolitan magistrate gomati manocha postponed the matter after the counsel appearing for sonia gandhi and others informed the court that delhi high court had stayed the criminal proceedings pending before the trial court on wednesday till august 13.
senior advocate ramesh gupta, who appeared for sonia, rahul and others, told the court that summons have not been served on accused sampitroda as he stays in the usa now.
swamy requested the court to hand over the summons issued against pitroda to him so that he could serve it on him.
the court permitted swamys contention and fixed the matter for hearing on august 28.
renotify the matters on august 13.
till that time, the impugned order dated june 26, 2014 of the trial court against the accused shall remain stayed, justice v p vaish said.
the stay had come as a relief to sonia, rahul and others including congress treasurer moti lal vora, general secretary oscar fernandes, sampitroda and suman dubey who were asked to appear before the trial court today.
the congress leaders have challenged the lower courts summoning orders against them on a complaint of swamy alleging cheating and misappropriation of funds in the acquisition of the daily by young indian (yi).
pitroda is the only accused who, so far, has not moved the high court as the summons has not been served on him.
the high court has now fixed the matter for further hearing on august 13 when the counsel for suman dubey and swamy will argue their case.
while summoning the six as accused in the case, the trial court had held that swamy has established a prima facie case of cheating, misappropriation of funds and criminal breach of trust against them.
swamy had accused sonia and rahul gandhi and others of conspiring to cheat and misappropriate funds by just paying rs 50 lakh by which yi obtained the right to recover rs 90.
25 crore which the associated journals limited had owed to the congress party.
the accused persons were summoned under sections 403 (dishonest misappropriation of property, 406 (criminal breach of trust) and 420 (cheating) read with section 120b (criminal conspiracy) of the ipc.
b'officials said pitroda will work for vision 2036, a vision document for holistic development of odisha in next 20 years.
(source: express file photo) officials said pitroda will work for vision 2036, a vision document for holistic development of odisha in next 20 years.
(source: express file photo)odisha government on announced that it was bringing in telecom wizard sampitroda as its technology adviser for development of telecom, electronics, it, ites sectors of the state.
the odisha-born pitroda, who is credited with developing telecommunication and technology in india during mid-80s, has accepted the state governments offer, a senior official of the it department said.
the state government hopes that pitroda, first chairman of the telecom commission, would be able to bring more investments to the states struggling it sector.
pitroda would be granted the status of a cabinet minister, but he wont get a salary.
we had sent a request to him for accepting the offer of advisor (technology) to the state government.
he accepted the offer, said state it minister pranab prakash das.
officials said pitroda will work for vision 2036, a vision document for holistic development of odisha in next 20 years.
a native of titlagarh in balangir district, pitroda had recently visited odisha to release his autobiography dreaming big: my journey to connect india.
software exports from odisha clocked rs 2,564 crore in 2014-15, registering an 11 per cent growth while states like karnataka exported over rs 2 lakh crore in the same fiscal.
though odisha started it export in 1995, the growth has not stepped up while latecomers like kerala have raced past us, said manas panda, director of software technology park of india, bhubaneswar.
this is where pitrodas role is crucial.
his vast experience in telecom and knowledge of it sector would help the state in fast-forwarding development in it sector.
to promote investments in the emerging esdm (electronics system design and manufacturing) space, the state government is offering 25 per cent investment subsidy on capital investment for investors with investment exceeding rs 200 crore and offering employment potential of over 500.
if their project is financed by public sector banks, the state government would offer an interest subvention of five per cent, among others.
b'taking care of health by adopting simple precautions has become easier with the center for development of advanced computing (cdac) healthcare product,icare@home.
the produt,besides two other products,will be launched on friday,the 25th foundation day of cdac.
the product aims at empowering people with knowledge of primary healthcare.
the product will have features like disease risk predictor,educative health games,home remedies,primary care for minor ailments,diet and lifestyle according to constitution,interactive applications like body mass index,waist hip ratio,immunisation scheduler and expected delivery date.
they can be used on a desktop or kiosks.
as of now,it will be made available in four languages,english,hindi,bengali and assamese, said rajat moona,director general,cdac.
two other products,perso-arabic language suite and a suite of online sanskrit courses and resources have also been developed by the center.
while the perso-arabic language suite will help customers convert any website into urdu,kashmiri or sindhi,the sanskrit suite will help anyone to learn the language, added moona.
the products will be launched at chandrashekhar auditorium,inter-university centre for astronomy and astrophysics (iucaa) by sachin pilot,mos for communication and it.
sam pitroda,adviser to pm on public information infrastructure and innovations,will deliver the foundation day lecture,while prof devang khakhar,director,iit bombay will deliver the presidential address.
b'the idea of high-quality knowledge products available at such a ridiculously low price is seductive to our governments, for whom being digital is to be progressive and who see professors and higher education as liabilities to be got rid of.
(representational image) the idea of high-quality knowledge products available at such a ridiculously low price is seductive to our governments, for whom being digital is to be progressive and who see professors and higher education as liabilities to be got rid of.
(representational image)it is amusing to see an article fit for the advertisement section managing to find space instead in the ideas section of the indian express.
the article, titled a more democratic learning (february 16, 2017), tries to persuade us to buy an academic product micromasters in data and economics for development policy, a package of five online courses, leading to a degree from mitx.
it is low-priced, why, only a lakh for all but the richest indians (whatever that means) and much lower for those who can demonstrate that they cannot afford even this much.
the x factor needs to be noted, for mitx is a newly set-up degree-granting institution under the mit umbrella  but mitx is not mit.
the idea of high-quality knowledge products available at such a ridiculously low price is seductive to our governments, for whom being digital is to be progressive and who see professors and higher education as liabilities to be got rid of.
our colleagues in high-end institutions like mit and harvard tell third world youth that since your universities would never be able to appoint excellent academics as teachers, it would be better for you to register with start-ups like mitx, get access to the lectures of the brightest minds on earth and get credentials bearing their stamp.
this is exactly what the technology wizard from india, sampitroda , told graduating students of delhi university at their convocation four years ago: all we apparently needed were five excellent teachers in a discipline whose lectures should be made available digitally to youth worldwide, who would then be supported by facilitators.
he was envisioning a world without teachers, but apparently, not without knowledge.
companies like udacity, coursera and edx, which started producing massive open online courses (moocs) five years ago, presented themselves as benevolent knowledge givers helping educationally malnourished third world countries.
all you needed was an internet connection.
sceptics of moocs warned they were not going to remain free.
capitalism, after all, is not a philanthropic project.
what could be more democratic than deciding your own pace and having the freedom to choose from thousands of courses milling around in the digital world?
but these companies did not leave it to the judgement of students and teachers: they started lobbying with governments and university leaders in the us and outside to include them in their formal curriculum.
a licence fee was required.
some succumbed, others resisted.
the letter faculty members of the department of philosophy at the san jose state university wrote, refusing to include moocs of the celebrated harvard don, michael sandel, needs to be recalled.
the faculty wrote, the thought of the exact same social justice course being taught in various philosophy departments across the country is downright scary  something out of a dystopian novel.
departments across the country possess unique specialisations and character, and should stay that way.
universities tend not to hire their own graduates for a reason.
they seek different influences.
diversity in schools of thought and plurality of points of view are at the heart of liberal education.
do our departments have the guts to exercise their agency in the face of a government order?
we saw how all the universities fell in line when the university grants commission dictated that they had to use syllabi prepared by it, allowing only 20 per cent local content.
we do not also have heads of institutions like teresa a. sullivan, president of the university of virginia, who preferred to resign rather than bow down to the pressure by her governing board to introduce more market-savvy, cost-cutting measures.
she was brought back after the university community rose up for her.
the san jose teachers put the real intent of moocs very succinctly when they said, should one-size-fits-all, vendor-designed blended courses become the norm, we fear that two classes of universities will be created: one, well-funded colleges and universities in which privileged students get their own real professor; the other, financially stressed private and public universities in which students watch a bunch of video-taped lectures and interact, if indeed any interaction is available on their home campuses, with a professor that this model of education has turned into a glorified teaching assistant.
public universities will no longer provide the same quality of education and will not remain on par with well-funded private ones.
teaching justice through an educational model that is spearheading the creation of two social classes in academia thus amounts to a cruel joke.
it is very clear that there is nothing democratic about moocs; all that this seeks to do is to create two very distinct sets of higher education institutions.
one would hire the best minds and manufacture moocs with their help; the other would consume the high-quality product they market.
if this is democracy in education, one does not need to say more.
gag orderthe days of ram das meena,lands reforms commissioner,in the land and land reforms department,seem numbered.
last week,minister for commerce and industries partha chatterjee gave him a sound dressing down for speaking to the press on the issue of jindals.
you are sending a wrong message to the general public that we are anti-industry,which we are not, chatterjee reportedly told meena,who is being criticised in trinamool circles for speaking to the press too often.
missing mentorsthere is a curious case of two mentors on information technology in west bengal.
while the state government proudly announced that narayan murthy,former mentor of infosys,and sampitroda will be mentors of two committees on it in west bengal,it has not been able to fix an appointment with them in last two months.
the only presence that has been registered was at a programme focussing on it in west bengal at a city hotel,where a video-recorded message of sampitroda was played for two consecutive days.
however,in the 10-minute message,pitroda did not mention a word about west bengal but stressed on taking it to the panchayats.
now the state government will send a draft on its it policy to these two doyens of it industry at least have their stamp on it.
b'sam pitroda had also served as chairman of the national knowledge commission from 2005 to 2009 and as an adviser to former prime minister manmohan singh.
sam pitroda had also served as chairman of the national knowledge commission from 2005 to 2009 and as an adviser to former prime minister manmohan singh.
the congress is likely to field technocrat sampitroda as one of its two candidates for the rajya sabha polls from gujarat, scheduled to be held on march 23.
the last date for filing of nominations is march 12.
pitroda, who is credited with telecom revolution in the country and worked as an adviser on technology missions to late prime minister rajiv gandhi, was actively involved in the last two assembly elections in gujarat as chairman of the partys election manifesto committee.
he had also served as chairman of the national knowledge commission from 2005 to 2009 and as an adviser to former prime minister manmohan singh.
the party is yet to officially announce its candidates.
with a strength of 77 legislators in the assembly, the party can win two of the four rajya sabha seats that have fallen vacant.
rahul gandhi with mahila congress members in gujarat during a recent visit.
(source: inc) rahul gandhi with mahila congress members in gujarat during a recent visit.
(source: inc)empowering women in politics and increasing their participation in governance remains a global challenge for us women and the people who lead us.
rahul gandhi takes over formally as the president of inc today and i have no doubt that his vision for the party includes bringing more women to the forefront of congress politics despite the social and political challenges.
the recent decisions to appoint ranjit ranjan, sadho, asha kumari, varsha gaikwad, priyanka chaturvedi and divya spandana in key positions is an indication of his vision to put more women in important positions within the party.
in his first meeting with me as the mahila congress president, he had a very clear vision that mahila congress has two primary targets.
one was to ensure that mahila congress throws open the doors to women from the grassroots, especially women who had won panchayat and municipal elections in different states and prepare a pool of women leaders who could play an integral role in strengthening the party.
two, mahila congress has to emerge as an important voice on policy issues that impact women and children.
during the gujarat elections, the mahila congress played an important role in the framing of the manifesto for women and it was our job to make women activists meet sampitroda and madhusudan mistry, ensuring that the manifesto reflected the aspirations of the women in gujarat.
i dont know if such a kind of engagement and consultation has been done in other states before but the manifesto committee of gujarat on his instructions held a brain storming session with many women workers and activists on the issue of womens security, affordable education, housing and access to health care.
i have to admit that several journalists in gujarat questioned me about the minimal number of women getting tickets from both the congress and bjp.
it was a valid question but the role of women in politics is not only in the headcount of women contestants but it is also about making our voice count and it did in gujarat.
he met women workers separately before or after every rally telling them that the women of congress have the power to dismantle the chauvinistic politics of the rss.
i must mention sonia gandhi has played a significant role in pushing the agenda for empowering women.
the food security act gave women the ration cards in their name.
it broke the age-old tradition of the man putting food on the table.
i have rarely known an opposition leader to go on record reiterating her support for any bill.
her letter to the prime minister dated 20 september 2017 is a bold move where she assures the prime minister of the congress support to the reservation bill and demands that the bill is passed in the lok sabha given modis majority.
as she steps down rahul gandhis statement on 13th september at the mahila congress workshop that reservation for women in parliament and vidhan sabha is a must is an important statement given that the present government has put that agenda on the back burner despite its brute majority in lok sabha.
this bill invokes great ire for various reasons, sharing of seats and power with women is seen as an encroachment by many who dominate the field of politics.
passing the 73rd and 74th amendment to the constitution was an uphill climb and reservation in parliament and vidhan sabha will take greater conviction and will.
it will take a leader who will have to rise above mere symbolism of beti bachao and garner support across party lines to push this through both the houses.
empowerment is about many things, not just affirmative action, it takes determination and resolve of a different kind.
the present government till now is seen connecting the dignity of women to a gas cylinder (i.
e.
kitchen) which is actually a gender-neutral issue of clean energy.
the dole in the name of mandatory maternity leave with pay without any financial contribution towards it runs the risk of making women unemployable is an apt example of legislating to appease women without the application of mind.
i need not comment on how heavyweight women ministers in the government have been marginalised despite giving them important portfolios.
in a direct contrast to such symbolism, rahul gandhi is clear that affirmative action must not be delayed and he has already begun his concerted efforts to build a bigger pool of women leaders irrespective of the delay.
b'sam pitroda.
(file) sam pitroda.
(file)with wannacry ransomware virus attack reported from some places in odisha including hospitals, the bjp today slammed the naveen patnaik government questioning the absence of technical advisor sam pitroda.
the cyber attacks are being reported from several places in odisha.
the virus has affected the data systems of berhampur city hospital and purusottampur community health centre, spokesperson of bjps odisha unit, sajjan sharma told reporters here.
however, it is highly unfortunate that the state government appears to be indifferent to the problem, while pitroda, who had been appointed the technical advisor by naveen patnaik is missing at this crucial juncture, he said.
asking naveen patnaik to refrain from appointing nris to key positions, the bjp leader said the non-resident and non-working advisor should be removed from the post forthwith as he is of no use to the state.
the state government should also explain the whereabouts of pitroda, he said and alleged that naveen government had given pitroda a cabinet minister rank because of an internal tie-up between the bjd and the congress.
refuting the bjp leaders allegations, bjd spokesperson p k deb said the saffron party is trying to use the media to highlight non-issues.
another bjd spokesman amar satpathy said the crime branch of state police has launched an investigation into the cyber attack, while the it department has issued an advisory alerting government departments and all the district collectors regarding the ransomware threat.
earlier, bjp workers had staged a demonstration here on may 14 demanding immediate removal of sampitroda as technical advisor to the odisha government alleging there existed an unholy nexus between the bjd and the congress.
bjp leaders also sought to know about pitrodas performance and contribution since he was made technical advisor to the state government.
b'the congress targeted the backward within the backward in its manifesto for uttar pradesh,released tuesday.
its eye on ati-dalit,most backward and minority votes,it has promised to introduce or explore the idea of sub-quotas for these communities within larger existing quotas.
the manifesto said the party would consider a sub-quota for ati-dalits within scheduled castes,introduce a sub-quota for most backward classes,and aim at a sub-quota for economically backward minorities in up.
on economically backward minorities in the state,the party said the aim would be make the sub-quota commensurate with their population but did not give details beyond that.
but it promised to ensure timely implementation of the upas policy for 4.
5 per cent reservation for the backward within the minorities,which has been put on hold by the election commission in the states going to polls.
we will explore the idea of having a sub-quota for ati-dalits,the most oppressed within our scheduled castes,to give them more opportunities in government jobs and educational institutions, read the manifesto,which was released by party leaders salman khursheed and kapil sibal in the presence of sam pitroda,technology adviser to the prime minister and of late the partys obc face.
the congress,which has been criticising the mayawati government for constructing memorials from public funds,has proposed to embark on something similar.
it has promised to set up,across the state,religio-cultural centres for samajik sambhav in the memory of dalit icons sant ravidas,shiv narayan,sant valmiki,jagjivan das,daria sahab and nishad raj guhya.
rahul gandhi had visited the sant ravidas temple in varanasi two months ago.
apart from the potential sub-quota for ati-dalits in government jobs and educational institutions,other sops promised for sc/sts,obcs and minorities include free legal aid to all rural scs,who are faced with cases related to land,house and property related disputes,a revamp of dalit hostels,and an additional rs 10,000 to every sc/st girl on her marriage.
the party also promised to ensure that 25 per cent of the procurement by the up government would be from enterprises owned by sc/sts,obcs (especially most backward classes) and minorities.
this would be in addition to the existing preferential procurement policy of the upa government.
the promises include an interest-free loan without collateral for any girl student,or student from bpl,sc,st and obc community and a special mission to provide quality residential schools for poor children belonging to sc/st communities.
the manifesto promised to pursue the case for political representation for nine scheduled tribes,including kols,majhis,korwas,kuraus,dhangars,gonds,panikas,in elected bodies from panchayat to vidhan sahba and lok sabha levels.
criticising the mayawati government for corruption,the party promised to facilitate a complete and thorough cbi investigation into the charges of corruption in national rural health mission as well as mngrega and also appoint a health ombudsman for proper implementation of such schemes.
like the bjp,the congress too has promised to bring the chief minister under the purview of the lokayukta,besides instituting a code of ethics for all civil servants,ministers,mlas and mlcs to adhere to the moral standards.
on the issue of fragmenting up,the congress was cautious.
it has maintained only that if congress comes to power then it will ask the centre to appoint a second reorganisation commission as creating a new state is a complex issue.
countering bjps vision of a ram temple in ayodhya,the congress stressed an equitable solution to the babari masji dispute,saying all parties must abide by the verdict of the courts.
in august, the court issued notices to congress party president sonia gandhi, vice-president rahul gandhi and five others on swamys application seeking presentation of certain documents from associated journals pvt.
ltd (ajl) and indian national congress (inc) in connection with the national herald case.
(pti photo) in august, the court issued notices to congress party president sonia gandhi, vice-president rahul gandhi and five others on swamys application seeking presentation of certain documents from associated journals pvt.
ltd (ajl) and indian national congress (inc) in connection with the national herald case.
(pti photo)the patiala house court will today hear a plea filed by rajya sabha mp and bjp leader subramaniam swamy in a case related to the national herald case.
in august, the court issued notices to congress party president sonia gandhi, vice-president rahul gandhi and five others on swamys application seeking presentation of certain documents from associated journals pvt.
ltd (ajl) and indian national congress (inc) in connection with the national herald case.
watch what else is making newsthe court had on march 11 given its nod to swamys plea, seeking the balance sheets of the inc and the ajl for the purpose of investigation in this case.
in an application moved before metropolitan magistrate lovleen, swamy sought to summon the balance sheet, receipts, income and expenditure statements for assessment years 2010- 11, 2011-12 and 2012-13 of the inc, ajl and young indian pvt.
ltd. (yi)besides the congress president and her son, motilal vora, oscar fernandes, suman dubey and sampitroda are the other accused in this case.
swamy had accused sonia, rahul and others of conspiring to cheat and misappropriate funds by just paying rs. 50 lakh by which yi obtained the right to recover rs. 90.
25 crores which the ajl had owed to the congress.
cm comes up with a new concept of rurbanisationurbanisation is a fact of life but is it a problem or an opportunity?
questioned chief minister narendra modi while participating in a panel discussion on rurbanisation: changing face of modern india at ahmedabad management association here on monday.
himself answering the question,he said he had taken this as an opportunity and found out a solution to what he called as rurbanisation,a term coined by modi himself.
elaborating,modi said rurbanisation combined a process of preserving the soul of villages by providing all the civic and infrastructure facilities available in big towns and cities to arrest migration and at the same time,bringing down the burden on big cities and towns bursting at their seams.
addressing the audience comprising industrialists,real estate developers,journalists and bureaucrats,modi warned that if it was not done now,a day would come when the villages would disappear,turning cities and towns into slums.
quoting from a latest survey,he said three gujarat cities  ahmedabad,surat and vadodara  were poised to become the biggest cities in the country over the next few decades if the current trend was not altered.
elaborating how he would accomplish it when all other states have failed in this venture,he said it would be made possible by providing all the facilities and amenities,including jobs by setting up industries in rural areas so that people did not think of migrating to cities and preferred to stay in their own villages.
he said there was a time in the state when doctors and teachers did not want to serve in rural areas because of lack of facilities for education of their children but claimed the trend had now changed with the extension of all modern facilities in rural gujarat.
taking a dig at the congress-led upa government at the centre,modi said he had suggested to prime minister manmohan singh to launch waste water management and solid waste disposal projects to upgrade rural and agrarian economy.
he claimed he also submitted detailed proposals and sampitroda even came down to him to understand the issue.
but upa government ultimately dumped it.
but i have decided to implement the two projects in 50 villages of gujarat, modi said amid thunderous applause from the audience.
editor all praise for cmshowering praise on modi,editor-in-chief of india today arun purie described gujarat cm as the one having total transparency,with no ideology other than believing in results because he has no family and children to look after.
what is happening in gujarat is a revolution; it is going beyond gujarat; it is having a multiplier effect on the country, purie said in praise of modi.
referring to us president barack obama coming to india in search of jobs for his countrymen,he said modis formula of creating jobs in village and providing rural areas with all infrastructural facilities was the only solution to tackle the unbalanced growth of cities and checking rural-urban migration.
rurbanisation is the only solution to our rural and urban problems, said purie.
mounting a sharp attack on senior congress leader sampitroda over his so what remark on 1984 anti-sikh riots, prime minister narendra modi friday said it showed the character and mentality of the grand old party.
advertisingaddressing a poll rally on the last day of campaigning for the sixth phase in haryanas rohtak, modi said, congress, which ruled for a maximum period, has been insensitive and that is reflected by the three words spoken yesterdaythese words have not been spoken just like that, these words are character and mentality and intentions of the congress.
referring to pitrodas remarks, modi said, and which were these words, these were hua to hua.
he kept repeating hua to hua and told the gathering that they must be wondering what the prime minister was saying.
we can very well understand arrogance of those who run the congress in these three wordshua to hua, modi continued.
yesterday, one of the tallest leaders of the congress speaking in a loud voice on 1984 said 84 ka danga hua to hua.
do you know who this leader is, he is very close to the gandhi familythis leader was very good friend of rajiv gandhi and guru of congress naamdar (dynast) president, he said.
advertisingon thursday, pitroda, a close aide of rahul gandhi and overseas congress head, stirred up a hornets nest after he reportedly said, so what, it happened about the 1984 anti-sikh riots.
a series of bjp leaders targeted pitroda over his comments, including finance minister arun jaitley who said it was a matter of disgrace that the congress did not have any remorse and wondered if rahul gandhi would oust his guru for the remark.
also read | sampitroda 1984 riots remark: will rahul gandhi oust his guru, asks arun jaitleydefending himself, pitroda accused the bjp of distorting the truth and said things of the past are not relevant in this election.
i have noticed how bjp is again twisting three words from my interview to distort facts, divide us and hide their failures.
sad that they have nothing positive to offer, he tweeted.
i acknowledged the pain of my sikh brothers and sisters during difficult times in 1984 and deeply feel for the atrocities that happened.
but these are things from past that are not really relevant to this election which is all about what did modi government do for the last five years.
rajiv gandhi and rahul gandhi will never target a group of people based on creed, he said.
in a press statement, congress distanced itself from pitrodas remarks and said advised leaders to be careful and sensitive.
riots & violence have no place in our society.
indian national congress abhors violence of any kind, against any person of a group of people based on their caste, colour, region or religion.
our statement- pic.
twitter.com/w9bedw2ekf  randeep singh surjewala (@rssurjewala) may 10, 2019we continue to support the quest for justice and stern punishment for those found guilty in 1984 riots as also the subsequent acts of violence including the 2002 gujarat riots.
any opinion remark made by any individual to the contrary including shri sampitroda is not the opinion of the congress party, the statement said.
a delhi court friday deferred to august 30 the cross-examination of bjp leader subramanian swamy in the national herald case filed by him against congress leader rahul gandhi, his mother sonia gandhi and others.
advertisingadditional chief metropolitan magistrate samar vishal deferred the matter after an adjournment was sought by swamy, who said that he had to attend the parliament.
he informed the court that a whip was issued by the bjp directing all the members to be present in parliament for the union budget session.
the court has now posted the matter for further hearing on august 30.
advertisingthe bjp leader is being cross examined by gandhis lawyers.
swamy, in a private criminal complaint, had accused the gandhis and others of conspiring to cheat and misappropriate funds by paying just rs 50 lakh, through which the young indian (yi) private limited obtained the right to recover the rs 90.
25 crore the associate journals limited owed to the congress.
all the seven accused in the case  sonia and rahul gandhi, vora, senior congress leaders oscar fernandes, suman dubey and sampitroda and the yi  have denied the allegations levelled against them.
the gandhis, vora, fernandes, dubey and pitroda are accused of misappropriation of property, criminal breach of trust, cheating and criminal conspiracy.
b'congress leaders, led by motilal vora, in lucknow for the ajl meeting on thursday.
(source: pramod adhikari) congress leaders, led by motilal vora, in lucknow for the ajl meeting on thursday.
(source: pramod adhikari)amid an ongoing legal battle in a delhi court involving congress president sonia gandhi and party vice-president rahul gandhi, the associated journals ltd (ajl), which used to publish the now-defunct national herald, announced thursday that it will will cease to be a commercial entity and become a non-profit.
its shareholders also decided to relaunch its newspapers.
also read: national herald case: before entering court, sonia, others had firmed up plan bthese decisions were taken in lucknow at an extraordinary general meeting (egm) called to seek the approval of shareholders to convert ajl into a not-for-profit section 8 company under the companies act, 2013.
the meeting was attended among others by ghulam nabi azad, sampitroda , oscar fernandes, sheila dikshit, sandeep dikshit, salim sherwani, ratna singh, jitin prasada and syed sibtey razi.
watch video: what happened when sonia appeared in courtasked when will the newspapers be relaunched, ajl chairman and managing director motilal vora said it will be done soon.
chronology of events in the national herald casethe members considered and approved a number of resolutions to convert ajl into a not-for-profit company, vora told reporters after the nearly thee-hour-long meeting of shareholders for changing the structure of the company.
we are considering very seriously relaunching the newspapers, he said when asked when the dailies would hit the stands, including from lucknow.
these decisions of the members of the company are in pursuance to the revival plan of the company since 2010 which includes its conversion into a not-for-profit entity and relaunching the newspapers, he said.
click here to read our full coverage on the national herald casethe meeting was held against the backdrop of a criminal case instituted by bjp leader subramanian swamy againstsonia gandhi, rahul gandhi and five others, including vora, over the acquisition of ajl by young indian, a non profit company under the companies act in november, 2010.
as first reported by the indian express, the notice for the egm was issued by vora.
the ajl and its office bearers are in the eye of a political and legal storm ever since vora, along with other directors in the company, had in december, 2010 transferred its entire equity to a new company young indian ltd (yil), in which sonia and rahul hold majority stake.
the yil is also a non-profit company though under section 25 of the companies act, 1956, it also has to ensure that its profits and all other incomes are utilised only for the purpose of promoting its objects and not for any otherpurpose.
in such a company too, profits cant be distributed as dividend among its members.
five resolutions were taken up at the egm, including conversion of the company into section 8 under the companies act, 2013 and accordingly alteration to the memorandum of association, alteration to the articles of association, change of the name of the company and dealing with the preference shares.
virender rathore, who was official representative of yil at the meeting, said, while the main decision is to turn even the ajl into a non-profit like young india, which is also a non-profit entity and now has 90 per cent of the shares of ajl, all the other decisions are in accordance with this decision.
as far as dealing with the preference shares are concerned, board of directors have been authorised to represent the rest of the shareholders.
family member of some of the shareholders turned up at the venue since they had got notice from the managing director.
but they were told that they would be informed about the decisions.
later, speaking to the media, vora said, notices for the egm had been duly sent out to all the members of the company.
earlier in the day, former employees of ajl publications staged dharna outside the office of ajl in qaiserbagh demanding benefits at par with those given to employees in delhi.
state congress president nirmal khatri, on behalf of vora, assured the employees of a separate meeting in delhi with them.
he even offered to pay for the travel of representatives of employees from lucknow to delhi.
b'former haryana chief minister and congress leader b s hooda was today arrayed as a witness by bjp mp subramanian swamy in support of his complaint filed against congress president sonia gandhi, vice-president rahul gandhi and others in the national herald case.
the list filed before metropolitan magistrate lovleen also included the names of three other public servants in haryana government  sandeep singh dhillon, an ias officer then associated with haryana urban development authority, vineet garg, ias and shakuntala jakhu, then financial commissioner at town and country planning, haryana government.
during the hearing, swamy also filed a copy of cbi case documents in panchkula plot allotment matter and claimed that even the enforcement directorate (ed) has filed a case in the same matter and reportedly questioned hooda, robert vadra and motilal vora on alleged money laundering with regard to associate journals ltd (ajl).
the submission was, however, opposed by the counsel appearing for the gandhis and others who claimed that cbi and ed matters were not related to the present complaint of swamy.
the court then told swamy that if he was submitting that the ongoing probe by the agencies were connected with his complaint, then the present proceedings before it had to be stayed.
however, swamy said that he needed time to verify whether the cbi and ed cases in the panchkula matter were connected to the present matter.
the court has now posted the matter for further hearing on may 15 with a direction to swamy to file a written submission about the relation of the cbi and ed matters with the current complaint.
swamy, in his private criminal complaint, has accused the gandhis and others of conspiring to cheat and misappropriate funds by paying just rs 50 lakh through which young indian pvt ltd (yi) obtained the right to recover rs 90.
25 crore which associate journals limited (ajl) owed to the congress.
the gandhis had on march 25 opposed as vague and devoid of material particulars swamys plea seeking summoning of witnesses whose names he had filed earlier.
the gandhis, who are accused in the case along with some other congress leaders, contended that swamys plea was in the nature of a fishing and roving enquiry which is not permissible in law.
the submissions were made in the reply filed to swamys list of witnesses and other evidence given to the court.
swamy had on february 10 filed the list of witnesses before the court which had on december 26 last year given him the last opportunity to submit the list.
the list includes the names of eleven persons including all india congress committees general secretary janardan dwivedi, several officials of ajl and government officials.
in a relief to sonia and rahul, the court had earlier rejected as fishing enquiry a plea of swamy seeking a direction to thecongress party and ajl to produce certain records relating to the case.
the gandhis and other accused  motilal vora, oscar fernandes, suman dubey and sampitroda  have denied the allegations levelled against them.
the court had summoned the accused persons, besides yi on june 26, 2014.
on december 19, 2015, it had granted bail to sonia, rahul, vora, fernandes and dubey, who had appeared before it pursuant to summons.
pitroda was granted bail on february 20, 2016 when he had appeared in the court.
sonia, rahul, vora (aicc treasurer), fernandes (aicc general secretary), dubey and pitroda were summoned for alleged offences under section 403 (dishonest misappropriation of property), 406 (criminal breach of trust) and 420 (cheating) read with section 120b (criminal conspiracy) of the ipc.
design innovation india workshop 2012,jointly organised by apeejay stya university and the massachusetts institute of technology media lab (mit media lab),concluded on march 30 with an exhibition of innovative prototypes that were designed by participants during the five-day workshop.
at the plenary session at apeejay campus,sheikh sarai,where the workshop was held,chief guest sampitroda praised the innovations displayed by the students and said the idea of a design workshop had provided a unique platform for indian students.
aditya berlia,member of the management board of the apeejay stya group,said the idea was to provide a platform for students,professionals,faculties and researchers to join hands and interact with representatives of mit media lab.
prof joseph paradiso of mit media lab said,india is a very special place and we are always impressed by the level of energy indian students have.
the objective of the workshop was to create prototypes that would address real-world problems.
the five-day workshop had brain storming sessions,talks,tutorials and themes anchored by leading mit researchers.
b'rahul gandhi interacting with indian-origin ceos in singapore.
(inc/twitter) rahul gandhi interacting with indian-origin ceos in singapore.
(inc/twitter)congress president rahul gandhi met with indian-origin ceos of companies in singapore on thursday and discussed a range of issues along with attempting to reach out to the indian diaspora in the country.
we faced a storm in 2012.
between 2012 and 2014 the system was destabilised and we saw the consequences.
we have a clean slate now, and a new opportunity.
we will present you with a new congress party that envisions the values you were born with.
we see society as a system that has to be kept in balance.
the bjp, on the other hand, is less concerned about peace and tranquility.
we see very serious dangers of polarising society and risks arising from them, he said.
rahul gandhi will also be visiting malaysia on march 10.
(aicc) rahul gandhi will also be visiting malaysia on march 10.
(aicc)on thursday, gandhi will also address the lee kuan yew school of public policy, national university of singapore.
the 47-year-old congress leader will also meet singapore foreign affairs minister vivian balakrishnan.
he is slated to fly to malaysia on march 10.
the visit is a part of his five-day trip to singapore and malaysia as the party tries to reach out to the indian diaspora.
congress sources told pti that gandhi is likely to meet singapore prime minister lee hsien loong on march 9 and malaysian prime minister najib razak on march 10.
the trip to the southeast asian countries is being organised by the aicc overseas cell headed by technocrat sampitroda (source: aicc) the trip to the southeast asian countries is being organised by the aicc overseas cell headed by technocrat sampitroda (source: aicc)the trip to the southeast asian countries  ahead of the aicc plenary session in new delhi from march 16 to 18  is being organised by the aicc overseas cell headed by technocrat sampitroda , who had also organised gandhis visits to the us and west asia earlier.
rahul gandhi with the ceos.
(source: aicc) rahul gandhi with the ceos.
bjp national president amit shah addressing a rally in odishas paralakhemundi attacked congress president rahul gandhi by saying that he defamed hindus by calling them terrorists.
attacking odisha chief minister naveen patnaik, shah said that he should have taken tuition classes from pm narendra modi on removing poverty.
advertisingsaare log nirdosh chuth gaye.
puri duniya mein hindu samuday ko badnam karne ka kaam kiya rahul babu and company ne.
hindu terror, hindu atankvaad hindu kabhi terrorist ho sakta hai kya?
jo chinti humme kaat ti hai, who chinti ko bhi atta khilane ka kaam yeh hindu karta hai.
hindu kisiko marta nahin hai.
apni vote bank ki raksha ke liye, hindu terror ki gaali hindu samuday par lagayi hai.
(all the accused have been acquitted, rahul gandhi and his party defamed hindus across the world in the name of hindu terror.
can hindus be terrorist?
a hindu feeds flour even to an ant that stings him.
to protect their vote bank, they abused hindus with the tag of terrorist), shah told the crowd.
referring to the aftermath of the pulwama attack, shah continued, this is narendra modi and not manmohan singh.
he sent the air force and blew away pakistans terrorist camps.
but the entire opposition is questioning this and speaking for pakistan.
nobody other than modiji can protect this country, shah claimed.
follow lok sabha election live updatesfocussing his attention on issues related to the state, shah said, rahul gandhi comes here as a tourist.
sonia-manmohan government ran for 10 years.
13th finance commission came and rahuls government gave only rs 80,000 crore.
in modi governments five years, rs 5.
56 lakh crore was given to odisha.
shah listed funds sent by the centre for railways, educational institutes and also cited implementation of the centers ujjwala yojana, toilets, housing, electricity connection.
he added, money sent by modiji does not reach you because naveens officials take them away.
click here for election newsadvertisingnaveen babu if you want tuition classes on how to remove poverty, modi ji will not charge a fee.
but your time is gone.
odisha needs a young cm, shah quipped.
are there doctors in hospitals?
is there 24-hour electricity at homes?
is there clean drinking water?
have roads been built inside villages?
naveen babu has done nothing except corruption, the bjp leader claimed.
slamming patnaik over unemployment issues, shah said, in my (recent) meeting in surat, there were 30,000 odias.
odias in surat vote for us.
why do these young odia men have to go to surat instead of earning here and living with his family?
our government in odisha will create jobs for youth in the state.
shah also targeted the odisha cms grasp of the state language, today is utkal diwas.
on this day, odisha became the first state in the country to be created on the basis of language.
b'hours after the ajmer police registered an fir against the vice-chancellor, former vice-chancellor and other faculty members of the central university of rajasthan over alleged harassment of a dalit phd scholar, a key office bearer of the university has come out in support of the student.
dean of students welfare, r l meena, told the indian express that the university administration, including the vice-chancellor and other faculty members named in the fir, were blatantly targeting phd scholar umesh kumar jonwal, who was expelled from the university in october last year for low attendance.
the university administration is clearly biased against the student.
on his complaint, i had issued notices to him as well as the head of his department.
the student submitted solid evidence proving wrongful expulsion, based on which i submitted a 59-page report to the v-c on october 16.
but there has been no action taken on it, meena said.
the administration and other faculty members have colluded to fudge attendance registers in order to expel the student.
i have written to the union ministry of hrd and university chancellor sampitroda seeking legal assistance to present my arguments in favour of the student in the high court, he said.
meena added that university administration took the decision to expel jonwal based on an arbitrary inquiry committee report, which comprised the same faculty members who were facing the allegations.
they did not even call me, the dean of students, when the decision was taken.
besides, the university ordinance 47 (2.
7) invoked to expel jonwal does not apply to phd students, he claimed.
according to meena, jonwal had approached him last year complaining that his hod jagdish jadhav was demanding money from him and making him clean drains in rural areas as part of a social work project.
when i objected to it, i was abused and called names by the professor, jonwal told this correspondent.
when contacted, jadhav said he did not have the relevant documents with him at the time and declined to comment further.
the bandarsindri police station (near ajmer where the university is located) registered the fir on thursday under sections 166, 191, 211, 384, 386, 409, 466, 120-b of the ipc and section 3 of the sc/st (prevention of atrocities act) against 8 persons, including the current and former vice chancellors, head of the social work department, dean (academics), chief vigilance officer among others.
the fir was registered following a january 15 court order, which came on a complaint by jonwal  a social work student  who alleged harassment and caste discrimination by his department head and research guide.
a junior research fellow at the university, jonwal has also challenged his expulsion from the university, and the stopping of his jrf grant in the rajasthan high court.
the matter is listed for hearing on wednesday next week.
while vice-chancellor arun pujari could not be reached despite several attempts, his personal secretary ashish gupta told the indian express that the university did not have a statement to make on the matter, since it was sub-judice.
jonwal, who approached the court after the police did not register his complaint, said his research guide repeatedly asked him for money and when he refused, he was wrongfully expelled from the university.
in november 2014, my guide asked me rs 10,000 if i wanted to successfully complete my phd.
so i paid him.
but when he asked a second time in january 2015, i refused, he said.
jonwal claims he was served three different notices of expulsion, one on 14th september and two more on 1st and 15th october.
all three had different dates, from which my expulsion was supposed to come into effect.
they even changed entries in the attendance register to show i had been absent for months but i have original copies which prove otherwise, he said.
i even wrote to the union ministry of human resource development twice, but got no response, he said.
the bjp on saturday hit out at the opposition parties, alleging that they were strengthening the hands of those harbouring terrorism by distrusting the government and the armed forces.
advertisingthe party was reacting to queries on pakistan prime minister imran khan accusing the bjp of whipping up war hysteria and making a false claim of downing an f-16 aircraft.
union railway minister piyush goyal said it was deplorable that the opposition was trying to strengthen the argument of the neighbouring country with its attitude.
here the prime minister modi sends the air force to cross the line of control, get into pakistan, attack terrorism at its roots in balakot, and on the other hand, the opposition is trying to strengthen the arguments of the neighbouring country, he said.
advertisingalso read | intercepts, awacs photos: iaf underlines it got pakistan f-16when you have people like sampitroda and farooq abdullah and other congress leaders, distrusting their own government and their own armed forces, obviously you are going to strengthen the hand of the people and the parties, and the countries, who are harbouring terrorism, the bjp leader said at a press conference when asked about khans remarks.
goyal said, it is a shame and completely deplorable attitude of the opposition parties.
national conference president farooq abdullah saturday accused the modi-led government of lying to the nation on the balakot air strike and shooting down of a pakistani f-16 in the aerial dogfight between the indian air force (iaf) and the pakistan air force (paf).
follow more election news here.
he (modi) said we shot down their (pakistani) fighter plane f-16.
now, the us has come up saying all the pakistani f-16s are counted.
not one has been shot down.
there must be some basis for even lies, modi ji.
how long will you lie to people.
and did you win (the battle)?
has pakistan disappeared?
why are you lying?
do you think the hindus will buy into all this?
abdullah said.
pitroda, indian overseas congress chief, had last month told media that one cannot jump on entire nation (pakistan) just because some people from there came here and attacked.
in an apparent reference to pulwama terror attack, the congress leader said attacks happen all the time and then referred to the mumbai terror attack in 2008 when the congress-led upa was in power, saying the then government could have sent its planes but that is not the right approach.
taking to twitter, pakistan prime minister imran khan said on saturday, the truth always prevails and is always the best policy.
bjps attempt to win elections through whipping up war hysteria and false claims of downing a pak f-16 has backfired with us defence officials also confirming that no f-16 was missing from pakistans fleet.
washington-based foreign policy magazine reported on thursday that american personnel had recently counted the pakistan air force (paf) f-16s and found none of the planes missing.
it had quoted two senior us defence officials with direct knowledge of the situation.
the indian air force, however, stuck to its stand on friday, saying that it had conclusive proof of shooting down a paf f-16 on february 27.
advertisingreacting to the foreign policy report, prime minister khan took to twitter to criticise the ruling bharatiya janata party (bjp).
b'sonia gandhi and rahul gandhi at the patiala house courts complex in this file photo.
(source: express photo by tashi tobgyal) sonia gandhi and rahul gandhi at the patiala house courts complex in this file photo.
(source: express photo by tashi tobgyal)congress president sonia gandhi and vice president rahul gandhi on thursday petitioned the supreme court challenging the delhi high court order refusing to quash summons issued against them by trial court in national herald case.
journalist suman dubey and sampitroda have also moved the supreme court in the national herald case.
the delhi high court had observed that the actions of a political party had wider ramifications and the issue under consideration was not a mere commercial transaction.
senior advocate kapil sibal, appearing for sonia, argued that the cash loan to ajl by congress was money that was donated to the party, and it was free to use the funds as it pleased.
he also argued that outsiders could not raise questions regarding the use of party funds.
the party could have also written off the loan, he added.
ips officer satish verma,who played a key role in establishing that ishrat was killed in an staged encounter,seems to be facing complications due to a surgery gone wrong.
verma,who had fallen in the bathroom of his home and broken the femur bone in july last year,was operated in a corporate hospital in ahmedabad.
the accident happened the very day the gujarat high court directed the state government to spare the officer to assist the cbi in probing the ishrat encounter case.
he has been coming to the court with the help of a walking stick since then.
the buzz is that verma may sue the hospital for the botch-up.
sources close to verma say he has already taken opinions of several doctors,including one from jamnagar,where he was police chief for a considerable time.
asked if the officer had filed the suit,sources in his family said,not yet.
sam pitrodas innovative turncoat!
on sunday,many local dailies carried half-page advertisements of national innovation council (nic) chairman and advisor to the pm on innovation,sam pitroda,in which there was a photograph beside a line that said,vadodara as an innovative city!
while the ad hailed vadodara for forming a vadodara innovation council under the aegis of nic,which is pitrodas baby,the technocrat himself skipped mentioning this fact to the media just a day earlier at ahmedabad.
instead,pitroda rapped the state government for not having formed a state innovation council as per nics mandate.
tweet for thoughton june 12,chief minister narendra modi tweeted,in gujarat,for the past 10 years,poor people get wheat at rs 2 per kg and rice at rs 3 per kg.
isnt it a food security?
that was a swipe at the upas proposed food security legislation and its political implications.
modi alleged that legislation was nothing but a populist measure when elections were round the corner.
but the scheme he was referring to in gujarat is under the antyoday anna yojana brought about and sponsored by the centre in 2000 to provide cereals to poorest of poor,covering all the states!
vibrant 2015cm narendra modi,at the valedictory function for vibrant gujarat global investors summit this year,extended an invitation to participants to the next edition in 2015,primarily to end speculation on whether he would be around,given the indication of his prime ministerial aspirations.
whatever the future may hold for modi,but the industries department headed by principal secretary maheswar sahu has already begun preparations.
a large kiosk now also stands in the corridor outside sahus office screaming  vibrant gujarat 2015 global business hub,7th global summit,11 to 13 january.
however,what is missing in this logo is a photograph of modi,which generally features on most of the vibrant gujarat posters and hoardings!
b'opposing the contentions, subramanian swamy told the court that the documents were related to associated journal ltd (ajl) and they were required for the case.
(file photo) opposing the contentions, subramanian swamy told the court that the documents were related to associated journal ltd (ajl) and they were required for the case.
(file photo)a delhi court on saturday kept the documents, sought by bjp leader subramanian swamy from central ministries, related to associated journals ltd (ajl) in a sealed cover.
the court also kept the plea of the accused in the national herald case pending till march 21 after the accused in the case asked swamy to satisfy the court about the relevancy of the documents.
metropolitan magistrate lovleen on saturday took on record the documents summoned from the ministries of finance, urban development and corporate affairs, income tax department and other agencies pertaining to the national herald newspaper.
the court, however, later kept the documents in a sealed cover after accused, senior congress leader oscar fernandes, moved a plea stating that swamys plea to summon these documents was heard in the absence of the accused persons.
the counsel for congress president sonia gandhi, her son rahul gandhi and other accused also argued that swamy should first satisfy them about the relevance of the documents to the court.
during the proceedings, the court was also apprised by senior advocate r s cheema, the counsel for fernandes, that a plea to set aside a trial court order allowing summoning of documents was pending before the delhi high court and that the matter is listed for march 15.
cheema further stated that swamys plea for summoning documents was allowed on the assumption that the record being summoned is relevant to the allegations and is otherwise necessary for prosecution of the complaint.
the record summoned was voluminous.
the documents being summoned were not specified.
no period with reference to the record summoned was mentioned.
nor was there any averment on the connection of record being summoned with the accusations in the complaint, not to mention total omission to refer any relevance, the plea said.
after this, the magistrate ordered, the matter is sub-judice before the delhi high court.
let the application of the accused be kept pending till the next date of hearing.
since the hc is seized of the petition challenging the order dated january 11, it would be appropriate that photocopies of the records produced today be retained in a sealed cover till further orders.
the hearing took place amid heavy security  the media was restricted from entering the courtroom  with armed crpf personnel guarding the courtroom.
this was the same room where jailed jnu student leader kanhaiya kumar was assaulted, twice, while he being escorted to the court.
meanwhile, the court allowed exemption from personal appearance for the day to the gandhis and three three other accused  motilal vora, fernandes and suman dubey.
co-accused sampitroda appeared before the court, which granted him bail on a personal bond of rs 50,000 with one surety of the like amount.
rajiv pratap rudy.
rajiv pratap rudy.
even gods failedlast week, rajiv pratap rudy met bjp president amit shah armed with a heavy portfolio detailing all the programmes undertaken by his skill development and entrepreneurship ministry.
after the meeting, rudy left for patna and was in his native village, amnour in saran district, where he conducted a four-day havan.
it appears this was not enough to save his job.
reshuffle jittersa central minister, after a formal press conference, had an off-the-record interaction with journalists.
two rookies from business wire services, not aware that the ministers remarks were not attributable, passed her comments on to their offices, which put out a report.
the news, which was critical of an east asian country, was flashed by two tv channels.
within minutes, the ministers social media advisers came rushing to the press conference room to inform her.
visibly rattled, the minister charged that someone was deliberately sabotaging her ministerial prospects and warned that no one could leave the room until the guilty party confessed.
the scribes explained sheepishly that they had not realised the implications of their action.
breaking codejournalists fear that off-the-record briefings with bjp chief amit shah, which are in any case rare, might stop altogether because of a recent incident.
shah held a get-together for scribes on the bjp beat.
but this time, the news leaked and many more journalists showed up, apart from the regulars.
asked repeatedly about the judgment on dera sacha saudas baba ram rahim, shah said he would not speak as the matter was sub-judice.
however, a scribe, who was not even present, put out a report suggesting that shah criticised the judge for keeping too many officials tied down in court.
the congress held a press conference, accusing shah of contempt of court.
kept at a distanceprime minister narendra modi is wary of journalists.
the moment he took over as pm, he stopped the media, other than doordarshan, from accompanying him on his aircraft within india and abroad.
now that bjp nominee ram nath kovind is president of india, the same rules apply.
the president recently visited leh and andhra pradesh, but no journalist accompanied him.
unlike under pranab mukherjee, who kept an open house, journalists are no longer welcome at rashtrapati bhavan.
under the new rules, those who meet the president, such as opposition leaders, must now brief the media at vijay chowk.
this is what happened to a delegation of the congress, dmk and left which met the president last week to complain against tamil nadu governor c vidyasagar rao.
tripping outrahul gandhi upset many, particularly lalu prasad, by leaving for norway instead of attending the rjd chiefs recent opposition unity rally.
in september, rahul is off to the us for a fortnight.
the trip, organised by family friend sampitroda , is an opportunity to interact with nris, perhaps partly for fund-raising.
the itinerary includes a lecture at university of california, berkeley.
but the timing is hardly appropriate considering that congress organisation elections are near.
this will be rahuls eighth visit abroad this year.
resolving swamyhis political adversaries in the congress and former finance minister yashwant sinha may disagree, but it was subramanian swamy, and not p v narasimha rao, who was responsible for persuading manmohan singh to return to india after working with an international forum, according to swamys wife roxna.
in her book evolving with swamy, which is to be released shortly, roxna writes that when the chandra shekhar government was formed in december 1990, swamy was asked by the pm to suggest someone who could oversee all bureaucrats working in the economic ministries.
swamy recommended his old friend from delhi school of economics, manmohan singh, who was then in geneva.
singh agreed to become the pms economic adviser on the assurance that montek singh would also be re-adjusted in the government.
during the short spell swamy was in office and montek singh his secretary, he worked out the bare bones of a new and radical economic dispensation for the country.
the pragmatic narasimha rao, who took over, decided to adopt his blueprint.
recounting some of her hilarious introductions to the political world, the author recalls her surprise when she called on om prakash chautala.
she found chautala on the first floor of his government bungalow sitting with his favourite cow, amid stacks of fodder and cowpats.
she is still puzzled as to how the cow climbed down the stairs.
swamy had said that he needed time to verify whether the cbi and ed cases in the panchkula matter were connected to the present matter.
(representational image) swamy had said that he needed time to verify whether the cbi and ed cases in the panchkula matter were connected to the present matter.
(representational image)bjp mp subramanian swamy on monday withdrew his plea seeking summoning of former haryana chief minister and congress leader b s hooda as a witness in the national herald case filed by him against top congress leaders sonia gandhi, rahul gandhi and others.
swamy had earlier told the court that hooda was questioned by the cbi in a case related to the panchkula plot allotment matter and his deposition in this case would help the present case since both the matters were related.
swamy, however, on monday told the metropolitan magistrate lovleen that the present case was not related to the one being investigated by the cbi.
the court allowed his plea and posted the matter for further hearing for july one.
swamy, in his private criminal complaint, has accused the gandhis and others of conspiring to cheat and misappropriate funds by paying just rs 50 lakh through which young indian pvt ltd (yi) obtained the right to recover rs 90.
25 crore which the associate journals limited (ajl) owed to the congress.
the gandhis and other accused  motilal vora, oscar fernandes, suman dubey and sampitroda  have denied the allegations levelled against them.
on april 22, hooda was arrayed as a witness by swamy in support of his complaint in the case.
the list also included the names of three other public servants in the haryana government  sandeep singh dhillon, an ias officer then associated with haryana urban development authority, vineet garg, ias and shakuntala jakhu, then financial commissioner at the town and country planning department of the state.
swamy had also filed a copy of the cbi case documents in panchkula plot allotment matter and claimed that even the enforcement directorate (ed) has filed a case in the same matter and had reportedly questioned hooda, robert vadra and motilal vora on alleged money laundering with regard to associate journals ltd (ajl).
the submission was opposed by the counsel appearing for the gandhis and others who claimed that cbi and the ed matters were not related to the present complaint of swamy.
swamy had said that he needed time to verify whether the cbi and ed cases in the panchkula matter were connected to the present matter.
the court had summoned the accused persons, besides yi on june 26, 2014.
on december 19, 2015, it had granted bail to sonia, rahul, vora, fernandes and dubey, who had appeared before it pursuant to summons.
pitroda was granted bail on february 20, 2016 when he had appeared in the court.
sonia, rahul, vora (aicc treasurer), fernandes (aicc general secretary), dubey and pitroda were summoned for alleged offences under section 403 (dishonest misappropriation of property), 406 (criminal breach of trust) and 420 cheating) read with section 120b (criminal conspiracy) of the ipc.
many ministers and mlas are unhappy with yogi adityanath as he does not bother to interact with them and their wings have been clipped.
many ministers and mlas are unhappy with yogi adityanath as he does not bother to interact with them and their wings have been clipped.
ostrich attitudein parliament, bjp president amit shah appeared chipper and confident despite his partys setbacks in the recently held bypolls.
he breezily remarked that while the bjp has just won eight states, the media was focusing merely on eight by-elections.
the bjp may dismiss the uttar pradesh results as an aberration and the result of the arithmetic of the sp-bsp alliance, but there are clear indications that the partys own cadre is unhappy.
in phulpur and gorakhpur, it needs to analyse not just who came to vote, but who did not.
in gorakhpur city, yogi adityanaths pocket borough, the turnout was a mere 37 per cent.
in allahabad north, the bjp stronghold in phulpur, the turnout was 20 per cent.
many ministers and mlas are unhappy with yogi adityanath as he does not bother to interact with them and their wings have been clipped.
the mlas are resentful that their traditional powers have been taken away from them, whether it is giving instructions to the police or control over permits and quotas.
in the bargain, they are unable to keep the partys support base happy.
adityanath, accustomed to running his mutt as a one-man show, has little experience in running a political party or a government, they grumble.
uncle sampriyanka gandhi may not have figured prominently at the congress plenary session, but behind the scenes, she played an active role in organisational matters.
a perfectionist, priyanka even took interest in trying to control the mosquitoes that swarmed all over the indira gandhi indoor stadium in delhi.
she supervised the fumigation and cleaning up of the venue.
however, the mosquito menace could not be fully tackled.
several new concepts in the programme also had priyankas touch.
some congresspersons claimed that it was at her behest that the revolutionary decision was taken to do away with the partys century-old tradition of placing chairs and bolsters for a select few on stage.
this time the dais was reserved only for the person speaking.
that way, there was no heartburn among leaders.
others, however, say it was sampitroda who first mooted the idea, inspired by the us democratic party convention.
the eye-catching lighting, using the indian flag colours, the sound effects and the music between speeches, all seem to have been modelled on american political conventions.
similar messageson the day of the bjps defeat in the two by-elections in uttar pradesh, the twitter feeds of none of the partys top leaders made any reference to the poll debacle or on the need for introspection.
instead, amit shah, dharmendra pradhan, piyush goyal, nirmala sitharaman, sarbananda sonowal, suresh prabhu, ravi shankar prasad, ananth kumar, sambit patra and many others focused on condoling the death of iconic scientist stephen hawking.
the similarity in the wording of the condolence messages also led to the speculation that there was a party diktat on sending out the messages on hawking and not the bypolls.
for instance, the line understanding of the universe while referring to hawking found a mention in almost all of the bjp leaders tweets.
reality bitesrahul gandhi called on ncp president sharad pawar at his daughter supriya sules residence in delhi, to discuss a possible electoral alliance for maharashtra.
this displeased some maharashtra congress leaders who felt that they were not consulted and that pawar should have called on rahul.
they pointed out that rahuls predecessors as congress president, sonia and rajiv, made it a matter of prestige and always met opposition leaders on their own terms, except in the case of jayalalithaa.
the congress leaders need a reality check on the partys debilitated state.
for instance, unlike the bsp, the congress did not agree to support the samajwadi party in the two up bypolls.
talks with akhilesh yadav broke down because the congress insisted that it be allowed to contest in one of the two seats.
eventually the congress lost its deposit in both gorakhpur and phulpur.
mayawatis termsafter gorakhpur and phulpur, mayawati is contemplating taking akhileshs help to fight the kairana lok sabha bypoll in uttar pradesh.
though mayawati does not normally contest by-elections, she wants to make an exception in this case as both the sp and bsp have strong pockets of influence in the constituency.
the increasing bonhomie between the sp and bsp, however, is not helping the congress.
mayawati insists that any tie-up with the congress cannot be restricted to just up, madhya pradesh and rajasthan, but must extend across the country.
something that the congress is unwilling to concede.
b'the uops ambitious virtual classroom project to facilitate simultaneous e-learning sessions in over 600 affiliated colleges is nearing completion.
the pilot run was successful when we recently showed a lecture of sam pitroda,(advisor to the pm on public information) in around 330 affiliated colleges simultaneously through e-learning as part of project, director of board of college and university development (bcud),v b gaikwad said in senate meeting on sunday.
he said tenders would be floated shortly to invite parties for running the virtual classroom project on a large scale.
the university,which has made provision of rs 5 crore in 2013-14 budget,aims to overcome shortage of quality teaching staff in colleges through virtual classroom project.
a main control room being set up on campus as a part of the project will have state-of-the-art facilities.
satellite technology will be used to establish links with affiliated colleges for e-learning sessions.
colleges need to have a simple set-up including a computer,internet connectivity and television to receive transmissions from the university control room.
gaikwad said virtual classroom project is expected to roll out fully by the coming academic year.
the initiative also aims at carrying out teachers training programme in an effective manner.
skill development in credit systemthe uop,which decided to introduce choice-based credit system for different courses in phased manner,will include a skill development component in it.
bcud director v b gaikwad said while 75  weightage has to be given to core subjects,skill development component has to be considered for the rest.
the university of delhi hosted its 89th annual convocation at the vice regal lodge at the north campus on saturday.
the ceremony,during which 414 phds and more than 200 medals and prizes were awarded,was marked by old world tradition.
it began with a colourful procession of students and teachers  the chief guest dr sam pitroda,vice-chancellor dinesh singh and other top du officials in purple robes,executive council members and phd awardees in red and medal winners in black  taking their places inside the convention hall.
the advent of internet and communication technology has altered higher education forever,and has also changed the roleof teachers, pitroda said in his address.
(earlier) teachers spent most of their time creating and delivering content.
today,i dont need teachers to to deliver content.
content prepared by the best of people from all overthe world is available online.
today,i need a teacher as a mentor, he said.
pitroda,advisor to the prime minister in information,infrastructure and innovations,was the chief guest.
pitroda,in his address,was nostalgic about his early years in a small village in odisha.
karti chidambaram karti chidambaramglimpses of kartis cloutwith the cbi having arrested karti chidambaram in the inx media case, other instances of kartis alleged clout in the manmohan singh regime are being talked about.
for instance, former telecommunications minister a raja claims in his newly released book 2g saga unfolds that karti had approached him to meet the owner of a leading telecom service provider and he had obliged karti, since he was the son of a ministerial colleague.
troubles with difficult guestswhen canadian prime minister justin trudeau visited agra to see the taj mahal, uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath was not present to receive him, nor did he organise an official function in his honour.
most assumed that adityanath was simply cool towards the trudeaus because of instructions from new delhi.
but insiders in lucknow suggest that it is more likely that the chief minister acted on his own volition because of his unhappy experience with the earlier state visit of israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu and his wife sara, whom prime minister modi had requested him to look after.
the chief minister was irritated that the israeli couple did not keep to the programme schedule and he had to cool his heels for over an hour.
first, sara netanyahu took her own time to come down from her hotel room, holding up the visit to the taj.
at lunch,ms netanyahu abruptly left the dining table where yogi was hosting a vegetarian non-alcoholic meal, and said she would prefer to sit outside.
a short while later, her husband decided to join her, leaving his host red-faced.
for this actress, a ministerial fanminister of state for home kiren rijiju is clearly a fan of bollywood actor huma qureshi, as seen from his twitter handle.
recently, qureshi posted on twitter asking for a translation of the label for a japanese spread called macha, to find out if it had sugar content.
the minister, who should have been preoccupied with the northeast, considering that elections were on there, responded promptly with a tweet saying he would have tried to translate it for her but he was busy in the campaign.
he added another explanatory tweet, i am messaging you from a chopper while campaigning.
qureshis name finds an occasional mention in the ministers tweets such as clubbing her name with major stars like salman khan and akshay kumar and announcing that these actors are looking to do projects in the northeast.
last year, rijiju hosted the premiere for the movie partition 1947 at the government auditorium in delhi.
qureshi was the movies heroine.
on poll tie-up query, ask rahula journalist who met sonia gandhi in parliament enquired whether the congress would be joining the bsp in backing the samajwadi party for the two by-elections in uttar pradesh.
sonia suggested that the scribe speak to rahul, since she was not the party chief.
even when the newsman reminded her that she continued to be the chairperson of the upa, sonia declined to comment.
the partys younger generation believes the old guard is responsible for bringing the congress to its present sorry state.
as an example, they cite c p joshi, who is general secretary in charge of 11 states, including the northeast, bihar and the andaman islands.
during the recent campaign in the northeast, joshi was not present in the region for more than a fortnight.
the selection of candidates for the rajya sabha seats will provide the first clue as to whether there is to be a generational shift in out-look.
rahuls long-time mentor sampitroda is rumoured to be a possible rajya sabha candidate.
though he has taken indian citizenship and has sold off his businesses, his friends say pitroda is not interested as he prefers acting on his own, not as a team.
in party in flux, drifting mlasit is difficult to keep track of equations in the aiadmk.
e palaniswami (eps) is chief minister and o panneerselvam (ops) deputy cm, so many assume that eps is the boss.
but in national politics, ops is superior as he is party coordinator and eps only co-coordinator.
the general secretarys post remains vacant since jayalalithaas death.
last week in parliament, among the 37 aiadmk mps, the only topic of conversation was actor rajinikanths speech saying he had decided to enter politics because of the vacuum left by jayalalithaa and ailing dmk leader m karunanidhi in state politics.
judging from the mood, several rudderless aiadmk legislators are hoping to join rajinikanth eventually.
indian overseas congress chairman sampitroda on thursday strongly defended his comments with regard to terror strikes in pulwama and air strikes in balakot, accusing the media of amplifying the falsehood propagated by bjp leaders against me.
he said the bjp was diverting attention from real issues of unemployment and agrarian distress by insulting people and calling them anti-national.
advertisingaddressing media-persons at the state congress office here, he said, as a citizen of india, i have every right to ask questions to the bjp.
but no one has the right to call me pakistan-sympathiser or anti-national simply because i question the bjp.
told that bjp leaders were asking him to apologise for his comments, he retorted, i have never said anything for which i need to apologise to anyone.
and i will never apologise.
pitroda, who is credited with the telecom revolution in the country that began under late prime minister rajiv gandhi, said, i cant understand why prime minister narendra modi immediately tweeted about my comments and bjp president and other leaders addressed the media on what i said.
why were they so disturbed by my comments?
advertisingstating that what the pm commented about him was very shameful, pitroda said, i dont feel hurt by bjp leaders calling me pakistan-sympathiser.
i have pity on them.
they can speak what they want to speak.
pointing out that the bjp was diverting the attention of the people from the real issues of unemployment, agrarian distress, poor condition of the economy, education and health, pitroda said, modi is insulting people by calling his opponents anti-national and pro-pakistan.
he remarked that bjp is demanding vote on nationalism and hindutva and added the congress believed in the idea of india in which people of all faiths can live peacefully.
nobody is questioned about what he eats or how one prays.
he also accused the media of diverting the attention of the people from real issues and not questioning the ruling party on the burning issues facing the nation.
you (media) are not questioning the ruling party.
you are also diverting (attention from) the real issues facing the nation, he said, in response to a question.
asked to comment on modis statement that a vote to the congress was a vote against gujarat, he said the question should be directed to modi.
how can i respond to an opinion expressed by modi?
pitroda said that there was an emergency-like situation in the country now and people were afraid to question the ruling party.
if anyone speaks against the bjp, income tax officials are sent to harass them and even journalists criticising the bjp are threatened, he remarked.
on modis development claims, he said, the gift (gujarat international finance tec-city) developed on 300 acres of land in gandhinagar and tatas nano car project has completely failed, generating no employment at all.
he added: the congress during its rule developed a strong army, air force, navy, drdo and other departments strengthening indias security, besides setting up world-class institutions like iims, iits and aiims.
he added, but what has modi done in five years?
only talks, nothing else.
congress vice president rahul gandhi with mother and party president sonia gandhi.
(file photo) congress vice president rahul gandhi with mother and party president sonia gandhi.
(file photo)congress president sonia gandhi and vice president rahul gandhi today opposed as vague and devoid of material particulars bjp mp subramanian swamys plea seeking summoning of witnesses in the national herald case.
the gandhis, who are accused in the case along with some other congress leaders, contended that swamys plea was in the nature of a fishing and roving enquiry which is not permissible in law.
the submissions were made in the reply filed to swamys list of witnesses and other evidence given to metropolitan magistrate lovleen in the case.
the application preferred by the complainant (swamy) is vague and devoid of material particulars and is in the nature of a fishing and roving enquiry which is not permissible in law.
swamy has proceeded to enlist the witnesses and enumerate a number of documents without divulging the dates or relevant period for most of the documents sought to be summoned through the said witnesses, the written reply filed by the accused said.
the court, thereafter, listed the matter for further hearing on april 22 after swamy sought time to go through the submissions made before arguments on the matter could begin.
the accused claimed, swamy, through this application, is seeking to summon witnesses and call for documents without divulging their necessity and desirability on the basis of the allegations made by him in the complaint.
the persistent attempt on the part of the complainant to have access the documents is clearly an attempt to make out a new case which is impermissible in law, they said.
swamy, in his private criminal complaint, has accused the gandhis and others of conspiring to cheat and misappropriate funds by paying just rs 50 lakh through which young indian pvt ltd (yi) obtained the right to recover rs 90.
25 crore which associate journals limited (ajl) owed to the congress.
the gandhis and other accused  motilal vora, oscar fernandes, suman dubey and sampitroda  have denied the allegations levelled against them.
the court had summoned the accused persons, besides yi on june 26, 2014.
on december 19, 2015, it had granted bail to sonia, rahul, vora, fernandes and dubey, who had appeared before it pursuant to summons.
pitroda was granted bail on february 20, 2016 when he had appeared in the court.
swamy had on february 10 filed the list of witnesses before the court which had on december 26 last year given him the last opportunity to submit the list.
the list includes the names of eleven persons including all india congress committees general secretary janardan dwivedi, several officials of ajl and government officials.
in a relief to sonia and rahul, the court had earlier rejected as fishing enquiry a plea of swamy seeking a direction to thecongress party and ajl to produce certain records relating to the case.
sonia, rahul, vora (aicc treasurer), fernandes (aicc general secretary), dubey and pitroda were summoned for alleged offences under section 403 (dishonest misappropriation of property), 406 (criminal breach of trust) and 420 (cheating) read with section 120b (criminal conspiracy) of the ipc.
prasar bharati ceo jawhar sircars timing, in the middle of an election campaign, to pitch for meaningful autonomy for the public broadcaster is unexpected.
it could be the perfect political storm created by narendra modis team, who were first miffed that an interview with doordarshan had not been telecast; and when sircar himself stepped in to have it telecast, never mind the absence of a balancing interview with a congress leader.
when the interview hit the airwaves, modis team, armed with their own recording, protested it had been edited to suit the party in power.
sircar dashed off a letter to the prasar bharati board alleging that the information and broadcasting ministry had blocked more operational autonomy for dds news division.
this was denied by i&b minister manish tewari, but sircar, whose relations with tewari have long taken the appearance of a feud, has successfully highlighted the issue at stake.
autonomy for public broadcasters is a pledge political parties happily make but honour only in the breach when they come to power.
while the prasar bharati act does, in concept, grant operational autonomy, section 33 of the act undercuts this intention by insisting on the governments prior approval on critical issues.
sircar has drawn greater public attention to the issue, and it is to be hoped that the board will not lose this opportunity to generate a real debate.
they have a helpful guide in the form of the report of an expert committee headed by sampitroda , submitted earlier this year.
recommendations for making the board professionally run and enabling autonomy are underpinned by a plan to monetise the broadcasters assets  spectrum, land, etc.
they need to be debated before politics settles down to retaining the public broadcaster as a tool for propaganda and patronage for the next party in government.
it is crucial to work out an effective way of having parliamentary oversight without furthering partisan agendas.
balance is important but it is not all.
a public broadcaster must also be guided by a heightened understanding of the national interest in putting out news and views.
having got the debate rolling, sircar should crowdsource suggestions on how this is to be enabled.
sam pitroda (file) sampitroda (file)sam pitroda hit back at odisha unit of bjp that recently demanded his removal as technical advisor to the state government in wake of the wannacry ransom ware attack.
at 75 with 50 years of experience, i do not need advice from you @bjp4odisha on what and how to execute, pitroda said in a series of tweets.
pitroda, who played a key role in transforming indias telecom sector, said this while responding to odisha bjps allegation about an unholy nexus between bjd and congress.
bjps state unit vice-president samir mohanty had recently alleged that pitroda was involved in national herald case and he must be removed from the post.
bjp activists also staged a demonstration seeking to know about pitrodas performance and contribution since he was made technical advisor to the state government.
bjp spokesperson sajjan sharma had earlier alleged that chief minister naveen patnaik had given pitroda a cabinet minister rank because of an internal tie-up between bjd and congress.
the bjp leader has also questioned pitrodas absence at a time when wannacry virus affected several computer data systems in the state.
stating that his role and responsibilities are very clear to him, pitroda said he takes it seriously for the people of odisha.
at 75 nor do i need salary, title, privilege and perks of any type.
titles do not matter for me, pitroda said in another tweet.
pitroda also made it clear that he agreed to help the state because for his love and respect for the chief minister and the people of odisha, my birth place.
i do not understand how one rupee salary is considered a hoax by you all.
does it mean that taking salary is not a hoax, pitroda said in a tweet.
regarding wannacry, pitrodas tweet said: i have little to add.
cyber security related issue are serious matter world over and need domain experts.
to educate yourself @bjpodisha, i recommend that you read my recent biography- dreaming big: my journey 2 connect india, pitroda tweeted.
pitroda defends pm,upa govtkolkata: sam pitroda,advisor to the prime minister on public information infrastructure and innovations,friday lashed at those criticising the upa government saying it has done a lot for the people.
right to information was the biggest step forward in the history of india according to meright to education,nrega,food security  all are major initiatives focussed predominantly on inclusion, he said addressing the foundation day ceremony of iim,calcutta.
guv praises mamata on darjeelingkolkata: west bengal governor m k narayanan friday lauded chief minister mamata banerjee for her handling of the agitation in darjeeling hills.
situation in the darjeeling hills is most peaceful, narayanan said on the sidelines of a function here.
chinese national held with red sandalwoodkolkata: a chinese national was arrested at the nsc bose international airport friday for trying to smuggle out 98 kg red sandalwood worth rs 2 lakh from india,police said.
zhen mao huang was arrested trying to board a kolkata-cunming flight from the airport.
he was also carrying rs 40,000 in cash,police added.
rajya sabha member subramanian swamy.
rajya sabha member subramanian swamy.
in a reply filed in connection with the national herald case, congress president sonia gandhi and vice-president rahul gandhi have accused bjp leader subramanian swamy of seeking a fishing and roving inquiry by asking for documents from the congress party and the associated journals ltd (ajl).
the gandhis have claimed that swamy is trying to change his case by seeking documents related to the party, which is not an accused in the case.
swami has sought summoning of documents relating to a loan given by the congress party to ajl, the holding firm of national herald.
through their lawyers, the gandhis have said that some of the documents are already on record, and the party is not an accused in the case.
therefore, they said, the documents should not be disclosed as it is a matter of maintaining confidentiality.
the gandhis along with party leaders motilal vora, oscar fernandes, suman dubey, sampitroda and young indian pvt ltd (yi) are accused of conspiring to cheat and misappropriate funds by paying rs 50 lakh, after which yi obtained the right to recover rs 90.
25 crore which associated journals pvt ltd (ajl) owed to the congress party.
swamys application showed casualness as some of the documents sought were already on record, the reply said.
on august 27, the court had issued notices to gandhis and others, seeking their replies within two weeks.
the matter was posted on october 4.
congress president rahul gandhi congress president rahul gandhipresident ram nath kovind does not gift replicas of the taj mahal to visiting dignitaries, as was the custom in the past.
however, it is not kovind who is responsible.
the practice of presenting taj mahal replicas as a memento was discontinued during the tenure of his predecessor, pranab mukherjee.
the decision was taken after discussions with representatives of the narendra modi regime, who suggested that it might be more apt to present a copy of the gita or other objects reflecting the countrys civilisation and culture.
sonia wants a breakwith rahul gandhis elevation as the congress chief, the question is what role sonia gandhi will assume in the new regime.
the party is keen that she continue in an important advisory capacity so that some enthusiastic new office-bearers can be reined in, if necessary.
also, the congresss allies feel comfortable dealing with sonia and are unaccustomed to interacting with rahul, except for a few younger generation leaders, such as akhilesh yadav.
sonia is, however, not keen to take on any party responsibility immediately.
she wants to take a break and make a long trip to visit her ailing mother in italy.
the rahul impactthe gujarat results will indicate how seriously the voters of the state take rahul gandhi.
but prime minister narendra modi certainly does.
since rahul described his government as suit boot ki sarkar, the pm has seldom worn a suit.
rahul takes credit for the government changing gst rates, after he dubbed gst gabbar singh tax.
recently, when donald trump put up a pro-pakistan tweet, rahul tweeted cheekily that maybe it was time for modi to hug trump; a caustic reference to the pms overenthusiastic way of greeting world leaders.
subsequently, modi was noticeably less demonstrative while greeting barack obama in delhi and trump in manila.
modis shrill and un-statesmanlike accusations and resorting to the ugly communal card at the fag end of the gujarat campaign suggest that the bjp was running scared since there was a visible anti-incumbency mood.
modi, a seasoned campaigner, knows that popular mood can at times override caste factors, organisational advantage and conventional wisdom.
his last-minute intervention may have turned the tide, but at a cost to his image.
missing pitrodasome time ago, rahuls key adviser sampitroda toured gujarat, talking to party workers to select points for the partys manifesto.
however, when the congress manifesto for gujarat was released, pitroda was not present.
the us-based technocrat is not to be seen in gujarat, and when he has to interact with party workers and voters, he does so through facebook.
pitroda seems annoyed with state leaders, who have often ignored his advice.
religion and politicsrahul gandhis visit to 27 temples during the gujarat campaign was a smart tactic.
the bjp has a clear advantage among religious voters.
most of the mutts, sects and holy pilgrimage places in gujarat are aligned with the bjp.
morari bapu, who has a huge following in the state, supports narendra modi.
ramesh oza, one of the most influential religious leaders  with, among others, the ambanis as devotees  has released a video supporting the gst.
his recorded message explains that when a train changes tracks, its speed falls temporarily, but it soon picks up momentum.
a majority of the swaminarayan sects are also with the bjp, as are most bhakts of the jagannath temple, gayatri pariwar followers and believers in the jalaram temple of jetpur in saurashtra.
only the khodaldham temple officials are sharply divided on their political affiliations.
the khodal maa temple is the main shrine for the patels.
surrogate candidatefacing shortage of funds, the congress nominated at least one rich businessperson per cluster of constituencies to help finance its campaign in a region.
bachubhai patel, a mumbai businessman, was selected for the rapar seat in kutch.
but at the last minute, an allegedly trumped-up case of fraud was made against bachubhai, forcing him to nominate wife santokbehn arethiya instead.
a shy housewife, arethiya often did not even leave the car to sit on the dais, and let her husband do the talking.
the slips handed out to voters and party posters also had patels photo.
an advantage he enjoys is that he can host what are known in local parlance as chicken-mutton parties.
his rival candidate, pankaj mehta, is a conservative jain.
the state governments ambitious rs 73,000-crore gujarat international finance tec-city (gift) came under attack from sam pitroda,adviser to the prime minister,for its lack of information technology push.
financial services are a lot about it.
its not about all these buildings.
you need to have the right it people who know how to deliver, he said referring to the gift project.
he was speaking at the fifth vibrant gujarat global investors summit,on public information infrastructure and innovations.
pitroda said gujarat would need a major thrust in it to develop its financial services sector.
the gift city,a pet idea of chief minister narendra modi planned on the fringes of ahmedabad and gandhinagar,was to be a joint venture between gujarat urban development company limited and infrastructure leasing and financial services limited (il&fs) and was touted as a dedicated global financial services hub that would create 5-6 lakh jobs by 2020.
but the project hyped to be sophisticated enough to rival financial hubs like dubai and hong kong remains largely on paper and the 3d table-top scale models,a few of years after it was announced.
incidentally,pitroda,who had laid the keel for indias telecom and it surge during rajiv gandhis prime ministership,was sought to help with his advice for building this hi-tech financial city.
pitroda also stressed the need to be more focussed on bringing it applicability to the financial sector.
emphasing on educating people on financial services and enabling them to access it through information technology,he said,there is a need to innovate new things for the financial services.
gujarat is known for vyapaar (business) and gift is a vyapaar city.
pitroda said the vggis was .
.
so far so good.
but lamented the lack of it expertise in the state.
there is a need to create a network first.
the financial services sector witnessed six memorandums of understanding (mous) being signed during the vggis event.
some of the major players that signed mous included il&fs group,which signed an mou worth rs 3,000 crore.
state government claimed it will generate employment for 70,000 individuals.
other major players included financial technologies that signed an mou worth rs 400 crore,creating employment for 6000 people.
gandhinagar hotels ltd signed mou worth rs 1,000 crore,which will provide employment to 5,000 people.
dr rajmohan gandhi,the grandson of mahatma gandhi,will be honoured with the 11th sardar vallabhbhai patel vishwa pratibha award on saturday.
dr gandhi is a research professor at the centre for south asian and middle eastern studies in the us.
he was a member of the rajya sabha from 1990-92.
the vishwa gujarati samaj instituted the award in 2001 for those who have achieved worldwide recognition in the field of public life,administration,politics or social services irrespective of race,creed and nationality,its president krishnakant vakhariya said.
the award carries a cash amount of rs 2.
5 lakh with a citation and memento, he said.
even as prime minister manmohan singh laid the foundation stone for an upcoming national institute of design (nid) at jorhat in assam,the first of four new nids planned through the 11th five-year plan,a group of veteran designers and design teachers are worried that the huge funds allocated as part of the national design policy are not wasted without a dialogue with the stakeholders in the design community and users across india.
these designers,most of them nid alumni,claim they have even contacted sampitroda to get their views heard.
they are concerned that new nids are being set up without a proper vision.
their another concern is that no formal appraisal of the nid,now 50 years old,has been done so far to see if it has met its objectives.
their concern stems from the request for proposal (rfp) circulated by the department of industrial policy and promotion (dipp),under which the nid functions and which is setting up the new nids,asking consultants to take part in the project.
chandraker bharati,director at the dipp in charge,claimed he has not been contacted by the group,but said a national seminar will be held in april and the consultant chosen would submit the final report only afterwards.
everyone is welcome.
its open for all.
the seminar is being organised to consult everyone who wants to be part of it, bharati said over phone from delhi.
nid director professor prayumna vyas said he too had discussed the designers concerns with the dipp and officials of the ministry of commerce and industry,under which dipp functions.
we should not be taking a confrontational position.
we need to sit down and talk, vyas said.
while admitting that there has been no formal appraisal of the nid,vyas said the institutes reputation,alumni and completed projects stand as appraisals.
vyas added the dipps rfp document after all refers to the national design policy,which was drawn up after consultations with industry,designers and other stakeholders.
sam pitroda (file photo) sampitroda (file photo)sam pitroda on saturday hit back at odisha unit of bjp that recently demanded his removal as technical advisor to the state government in wake of the wannacry ransom ware attack.
at 75 with 50 years of experience, i do not need advice from you @bjp4odisha on what and how to execute, pitroda said in a series of tweets.
pitroda, who played a key role in transforming indias telecom sector, said this while responding to odisha bjps allegation about an unholy nexus between bjd and congress.
bjps state unit vice-president samir mohanty had recently alleged that pitroda was involved in national herald case and he must be removed from the post.
bjp activists also staged a demonstration seeking to know about pitrodas performance and contribution since he was made technical advisor to the state government.
bjp spokesperson sajjan sharma had earlier alleged that chief minister naveen patnaik had given pitroda a cabinet minister rank because of an internal tie-up between bjd and congress.
the bjp leader has also questioned pitrodas absence at a time when wannacry virus affected several computer data systems in the state.
stating that his role and responsibilities are very clear to him, pitroda said he takes it seriously for the people of odisha.
at 75 nor do i need salary, title, privilege and perks of any type.
titles do not matter for me, pitroda said in another tweet.
pitroda also made it clear that he agreed to help the state because for his love and respect for the chief minister and the people of odisha, my birth place.
i do not understand how one rupee salary is considered a hoax by you all.
does it mean that taking salary is not a hoax, pitroda said in a tweet.
regarding wannacry, pitrodas tweet said: i have little to add.
cyber security related issue are serious matter world over and need domain experts.
to educate yourself @bjpodisha, i recommend that you read my recent biography- dreaming big: my journey 2 connect india, pitroda tweeted.
targeting the congress for its leader sampitroda hua toh hua remark on the 1984 anti-sikh riots, prime minister narendra said friday that it shows the character, mentality and intentions of the party.
advertisingaddressing a rally at rohtak in haryana on the last day of campaigning for phase 6, modi, referring to the congress, said such people need to be taught a lesson on may 12 when 59 lok sabha seats go to polls across seven states including haryana and delhi.
pitroda, a close aide of congress president rahul gandhi and the partys overseas head, while responding to a question on the 1984 anti-sikh riots had said, ab kya hai 84 ka, baat toh kariye aapne kya kiya paanch saal mei.
uski baat kariye.
84 mein hua toh hua.
aapne kya kiya?
(what about 84?
talk about what you did in five years.
so what?
1984 happened.
what have you done?
)lok sabha elections 2019: polling schedule, results date, constituency-wise election results, key candidatesadvertisingreferring to pitrodas comments, the prime minister said: congress, which ruled for a long time, has been insensitive and that is reflected by the three words spoken yesterday.
do you want to know what those three words were?
these words show the character, mentality and intentions of congress party.
these words were hua toh hua.
yesterday, one of the tallest leaders of the congress said on tv that 84 ka danga, hua toh hua.
do you know who this leader is?
this leader is the closest to the gandhi family.
this leader is a very good friend of rajiv gandhi and guru of the namdaar (dynast) president of congress.
scrambling to control the damage in the wake of pitrodas comments, which punjab chief minister amarinder singh said was shocking, congress chief rahul gandhi said friday night that pitroda must apologise for his remarks.
i will be communicating this to him directly.
i think 1984 was a needless tragedy that caused tremendous pain.
i think justice has to be done.
the people who were responsible for the 1984 tragedy have to be punished, he said.
pitroda apologised and claimed his comments were twisted and taken out of context because his hindi isnt good.
what i meant was jo hua woh bura hua, (what happened was very bad) i couldnt translate bura (bad) in my mind, he was quoted as saying by ani.
through his speech, modi repeated pitrodas three words  hua toh hua.
thousands of sikh brothers were lynched in 1984.
but, today congress is saying hua toh hua.
in delhi alone, more than 2,800 sikhs were murdered, and today congress is saying hua toh hua.
sikhs were dragged out of their homes and killed, but congress is saying hua toh hua.
thousands of sikh families had to abandon their homes and escape out of delhi with their families, but today congress is saying hua toh hua, he said.
also read | completely twisted, misrepresented: congress sampitroda apologises for 1984 riots remarkseveral congress leaders were responsible for these murders, but congress is today saying hua toh hua.
it is because of these deeds of the congress that 21st century india has brought them down to 44 seats and this time, the country is not willing to give them these many too.
at another rally in neighbouring punjab, modi referred to pitroda again and called the 1984 anti-sikh riots a bhayankar narsanhar (terrible genocide).
he said that there are several blots in the congress party but it is the biggest one.
this is one such blot which even 50 generations of theirs cannot wipe off.
can punjab forget the 1984 riots, can india even forget?
he said in hoshiarpur.
what happened in 1984?
who is responsible for that?
for three decades, only excuses were made and commissions formed and injustice was committed.
the grandson of mahatma gandhi,dr rajmohan gandhi,was felicitated with sardar vishwa pratibha award on saturday.
in a function held by vishwa gujarati samaj here gandhi was given award by governor kamla benival.
gandhi is a research professor at the centre for south asian and middle eastern studies in the us.
he was a member of the rajya sabha from 1990-92.
the vgs instituted the award in 2001 for those who have achieved worldwide recognition in the field of public life,administration,politics or social services irrespective of race,creed and nationality,its president krishnakant vakhariya said.
the award carries a cash amount of rs 2.
5 lakh with a citation and memento.
earlier,technocrat sampitroda williams,social worker elaben bhatt and lord bhikhu parekh were honoured with the award.
b'bjp leader subramanian swamy.
(source: pti photo) bjp leader subramanian swamy.
(source: pti photo)a delhi court on monday allowed the plea of bjp leader subramanian swamy seeking summoning of documents from the ministries of finance, urban development and corporate affairs, income tax department and other agencies in the national herald case.
metropolitan magistrate lovleen asked swamy to file the process fee for sending summons to these departments, including delhi development authority and the registrar of companies.
during the brief hearing, swamy told the court he needed these documents, which are in the custody of these ministries, for advancing arguments in the case.
they (these ministries and agencies) have the documents.
i do not know what all documents they have.
these documents can be summoned, swamy told the court.
you file the pf (process fee).
your application is allowed, the judge said.
the court had on december 19, 2015, granted bail to congress president sonia gandhi and her son rahul gandhi and three others motilal vora, oscar fernandes and suman dubey who had appeared before in pursuance to the summons issued earlier.
sam pitroda, another accused, was granted exemption from personal appearance for that day only on medical grounds.
the case is based on a private criminal complaint lodged by swamy against them of cheating, conspiracy and criminal breach of trust.
bjp leader subramanian swamy at parliament during the budget session in new delhi.
pti photo bjp leader subramanian swamy at parliament during the budget session in new delhi.
pti photobjp mp subramanian swamy on friday submitted a list of witnesses and other evidences before a delhi court in the national herald case filed by him against sonia gandhi, rahul gandhi and other congress leaders.
the counsel for swamy filed the documents before metropolitan magistrate lovleen, who had on december 26 last year given him the last opportunity to submit the list.
watch what else is making newsafter swamys counsel, advocate dilip kumar, submitted the documents, the court asked him to supply the same to the accused, to which he agreed.
the list includes the name of eleven persons including all india congress committees general secretary janardan dwivedi, several officials of associated journals ltd and government officials.
the court has now put up the matter for march 25 for the next hearing.
swamy, in his private criminal complaint, has accused the gandhis and others of conspiring to cheat and misappropriate funds by paying just rs 50 lakh, through which young indian pvt ltd (yi) obtained the right to recover rs 90.
25 crore which ajl owed to the congress.
in a relief to sonia and rahul, the court had earlier rejected as fishing inquiry a plea of swamy seeking a direction to congress party and associated journals ltd (ajl) to produce certain records relating to the case.
the court had said that swamy seemed to enlarge the scope of present proceedings.
the gandhis and other accused  motilal vora, oscar fernandes, suman dubey and sampitroda  have denied the allegations levelled against them.
the court had summoned the accused persons, besides yi on june 26, 2014.
on december 19, 2015, it had granted bail to sonia, rahul, vora, fernandes and dubey, who had appeared before it pursuant to summons.
pitroda was granted bail on february 20, 2016 when he had appeared in the court.
sonia, rahul, vora (aicc treasurer), fernandes (aicc general secretary), dubey and pitroda were summoned for alleged offences under section 403 (dishonest misappropriation of property), 406 (criminal breach of trust) and 420 (cheating) read with section 120b (criminal conspiracy) of the ipc.
in bid to make students more aware of events in panjab university and inform them about arrival of new books,varsity authorities have modernised its main library  a c joshi  by installing digital signages worth over rs 7 lakh.
six lcds have been installed on different floors of the main library.
the library staff uploads information on a computer connected to these lcds,detailing students on seminar schedules and their speakers.
this information keeps flashing on all the screens.
the lcds also impart information regarding resources available in the library,services provided,print and electronic sources for the students and other database required for academic purposes.
these digital signages also flash information pertaining to different countries  their location,population,currency,economy and related information  to help students with current affairs and enhance their knowledge ailing the move of the authorities,jagat sharma,a student,said,it is an era of technology and students must be informed about every thing happening in the university.
this system is helping us a lot.
chief librarian raj kumar said,our main purpose behind installing this system was to make students aware of events and new books that the library acquires.
when sampitroda came to the varsity,we flashed the information on these digital signages and many students went to listen to him.
sometimes students fail to get information from their departments and thus miss good events and seminars, he added.
congress president rahul gandhi.
(source: inc) congress president rahul gandhi.
(source: inc)congress president rahul gandhi has asked party leaders from poll-bound karnataka to prepare peoples manifesto and undertake mass outreach programmes, taking a cue from similar exercise during the partys recent electoral outing in gujarat.
karnataka goes to polls this year.
the exercise has already been undertaken by a team headed by senior congress leader veerappa moily and it is expected to come out with an all-encompassing manifesto much ahead of polling in the state, a senior party leader said.
the party president has asked leaders to come out with a manifesto that truly reflects the expectations of the people of karnataka.
the congress will seek feedback from all stakeholders, aicc secretary in-charge for karnataka, madhu goud yaskhi, told pti.
in a similar exercise, telecom entrepreneur sampitroda had interacted with residents of five cities of gujarat, namely vadodara, ahmedabad, rajkot, jamnagar and surat, ahead of the two-phased assembly elections there last year.
the manifesto prepared thus focused on education, health, small and medium enterprises, employment generation and environment protection.
that good practice helped us know what people wanted.
it is better than leaders sitting in their offices and drafting manifestoes, another party leader said.
he said in karnataka, the party unit will focus on socio-economic aspects relating to development.
the siddaramaiah-led karnataka government has performed well and listed its pro-people schemes like ksheer bhagya, anna bhagya, krishi bhagya, indira vastra bhagya, indira canteen and others, the congress leader said.
while the schedule for the 224-member state assembly poll is yet to be announced, campaign for the high voltage election has already begun with leaders of both the congress and bjp exchanging barbs at each other.
the southern state is expected to witness a triangular contest with the h d deve gowda-led janata dal (secular) being the third dominant player.
b'keeping him awaymadhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan wants to send kailash vijayvargiya to the rajya sabha from the seat in mp vacated by najma heptulla.
a bjp general secretary, vijayvargiya is close to party president amit shah, and of late, has been taking digs at chouhans government.
vijayvargiya recently regretted the delay in starting a metro line in indore.
bjp mp president nandkumar chauhan responded that general secretaries should stick to issues concerning the party organisation and not interfere in the state.
vijayvargiya retorted that a state leader should not counter a national general secretary.
the cm, on his part, fears that vijayvargiya  a six-time mla who was virtually number two in the state cabinet till he resigned to join the party organisation  has an eye on his job.
to ensure that vijayvargiya stays away from state politics, chouhan wants him to resign from the assembly and join the rajya sabha.
repeat performanceafter ruffling feathers in the congress with his the accidental prime minister, in which he claimed that manmohan singh as prime minister had played second fiddle to sonia gandhi, author sanjaya baru is set for an encore.
in his forthcoming title, 1991: how narasimha rao made history, baru argues that rajiv gandhi contributed to the indian economic crisis not just with his policies but also with his political manoeuvres.
gandhi had given an assurance to president r venkataraman that he would back chandra shekhars minority government till the economic crisis had blown over.
but gandhi toppled the government just before the budget for 1991, preventing india, baru writes, from securing a lifeline from the imf.
this, he adds, was the last straw that pushed the economy to the brink of default.
at barus book release next week, then finance minister yashwant sinha will share the stage with one of his successors, p chidambaram, who fell out with narasimha rao.
outsider kept outcongress leaders who have been trying to clip the wings of campaign strategist prashant kishor feel vindicated after rahul gandhi, in a recent interview, made it clear that kishor would confine himself to organising campaigns and to managing logistics.
ticket distribution and party strategy would be decided by the party itself.
congresspersons are quick to point out that kishors brainwave of appointing sheila dikshit as the partys up chief ministerial candidate has flopped.
dikshit spends most of her time in delhi and there are few party posters with her face.
the fight against kishor is so vicious that false complaints have even been made against him, with accusations that he has been hobnobbing with aap leaders.
trivedis next moveit is an open secret that dinesh trivedi is not on the best of terms with his tmc boss mamata banerjee.
in fact, there was speculation that the former railway minister may be planning to switch political sides since he is friendly with both prime minister narendra modi and congress vice-president rahul gandhi.
trivedi at the moment, however, is not looking at political alternatives.
he wants to launch an international forum for peace initiatives to tackle growing incidents of violence throughout the world.
he plans to launch his movement on october 2, mahatma gandhis birthday, from sabarmati ashram, ahmedabad, along with sampitroda and kartikeya sarabhai, son of the late scientist vikram sarabhai.
the theme of the proposed forum is that the best way to fight terrorism is not by returning bullets but by drawing inspiration from great men of peace like mahatma gandhi, martin luther king, nelson mandela, kabir, tulsidas and others.
cancelled visitpresident pranab mukherjees visit to germany, luxembourg and cyprus was scheduled from september 14 to 20 and all preparations were in place, including selection of the delegation.
but, at the last minute, the trip had to be cancelled since mukherjee discovered that german chancellor angela merkel would be out of the country for the un general assembly.
mukherjee had planned the trip primarily to explain the indian position on the nsg to germany, but without merkels presence, it would have been fruitless.
he rejected the meas proposal that he visit another country instead.
tiny luxembourg, with a population of around 5,00,000, does not receive many heads of states from major countries and it had made elaborate arrangements for the aborted visit.
rashtrapati bhavan wants to know how the goof-up occurred, since the presidents visit was planned well in advance.
ready for bootafter subrata gupta,managing director of wbidc,it now seems to be the turn of deepankar mukherjee,principal secretary in the department of commerce and industry,to get the boot.
according to reports,mukherjee,after getting a dressing down from his minister partha chatterjee,went to chief secretary samar ghosh and requested him to be relieved of his post.
ghosh advised him to keep quiet for some time.
omnipresent didilast week when mamata banerjee was away in junglemahal,there was a sense of relief among officials and ministers at writers buildings and other government offices who always have to be on their toes when the cm is present.
but even in junglemahal,the chief minister was aware of what was happening in kolkata.
a minister was asked by the cm to explain the ruckus in his department.
even before the minister could react,the chief minister had come out with statements on local channels.
the message was clear: didi is aware of everything and so be on your toes all the time.
enough is enoughone of the most distinguished alumni of presidency university,professor amartya sen,is being bombarded with questions on the universitys upgrade.
in the city recently,the professor of economics at harvard university attended a number of programmes in the state where he was posed with the same question on the revamping of presidency university.
however,sen finally lost his patience at a programme of pratichi trust at salt lake.
he said he was just a teacher at a university called harvard university and he would give his advice to the mentor group of presidency university,and not to the media.
cool samamid the hoopla surrounding telecommunication guru sampitroda meeting with chief minister mamata banerjee,a major point of discussion among all those present at writers buildings was pitrodas exuberance and young looks.
how can a man in his 70s maintain such glamorous looks while keeping so busy?
there must be a secret to this success, said a security personnel.
a veteran journalist replied,lets hope mr pitroda brings some special features for us too.
later,as the technocrat made his way with mamata banerjee,there was a huge scuffle among photojournalists and reporters.
finally,there was something for the scribes too.
i have never seen such energetic photo journalists and scribes in the whole country; this combined energy should be utilized for the states benefit, said pitroda.
b'congress president rahul gandhi meets singapores prime minister lee hsien loong in singapore on friday.
congress president rahul gandhi meets singapores prime minister lee hsien loong in singapore on friday.
congress president rahul gandhi friday called on singaporean prime minister lee hsien loong and discussed wide range of topics related to india-singapore ties.
gandhi is on a three-day trip to singapore as part of the congress partys efforts to connect with the diaspora.
i had a cordial meeting with the prime minister of singapore lee hsien loong earlier today, gandhi said in a tweet.
our discussions covered a wide range of topics concerning our countries, the tweet said.
gandhi met prime minister lee along with congress leader milind deora and telecom entrepreneur sam pitroda.
pleased to have met prime minister of singapore lee hsien loong this morning along with sampitroda and milind deora, gandhi posted on facebook with some photographs.
always a pleasure to see @leehsienloong, singapores prime minister.
first met him in new delhi in 2005 during the launch of the india-singapore parliamentary forum, which @vivianbala & i founded & co-chaired, deora tweeted.
gandhi also met deputy prime minister of singapore tharman shanmugaratnam.
yesterday, he began the singapore leg of his visit with an address to indian entrepreneurs.
he also made a formal address at the prestigious lee kuan yew school of public policy, national university of singapore.
gandhi, 47, also met mp lim wee kiak, senior minister of state janil puthucheary, minister for social and family development desmond lee, mp joan pereira, mp vikram nair and foreign affairs minister vivian balakrishnan.
he also visited the iconic ina memorial in singapore and paid homage to netaji subhas chandra bose, who unveiled in 1945 the monument that commemorates the unknown warrior of the indian national army.
singapore has some 500,000 people of indian-origin in a multi ethnic population of over 5.
3 million.
he will be travelling to malaysia where he will meet prime minister najib razak and members of the indian community.
b'ugc chiefs among 1,400 who got honorary doctorates from 160 public universities, institutes in last 20 years.
(express photo: praveen khanna) ugc chiefs among 1,400 who got honorary doctorates from 160 public universities, institutes in last 20 years.
(express photo: praveen khanna)one of them is in charge of the university grants commission (ugc), which monitors standards in teaching, examination and research in universities.
another heads the executive committee of the national assessment and accreditation council (naac), which grants accreditation to institutions of higher education.
then there are union ministers heading the human resource development ministry.
all of them are on the honour list  hundreds of politicians and bureaucrats who were awarded honorary doctorate degrees by public universities in india over the last 20 years when they were in charge of monitoring these very institutions, an investigation by the indian express has found.
the indian express filed right to information (rti) act applications to 470 public universities seeking data for the last 20 years from 1997 to 2017.
an analysis of responses received showed that 160 public universities and institutions conferred nearly 2,000 honorary doctorates to around 1,400 people; 126 did not give any honorary degree during this period; and, 184 did not respond.
honorary doctorates do not come with monetary benefits but they carry enormous cache in an educational system that values degrees as markers of credibility and influence  many recipients add the prefix dr to their names.
records show that those who received these degrees included two serving presidents at the time, pratibha patil and pranab mukherjee, who were visitors occupying the apex position at central universities.
a more telling case is that of former iisc director and scientist goverdhan mehta who was chairman of the naacs executive committee from 2006 to 2012.
during these six years, rti records show, mehta  who has an academic phd from pune university  received 18 honorary doctorates from public universities across the country, from karnataka to kashmir.
the naac is an autonomous body established by the ugc to assess and accredit institutions of higher education in the country.
close behind mehta is economist sukhdeo thorat  a phd from jnu who received seven honorary doctorates between 2006 and 2011, when he was chairman of the ugc.
other ugc chairpersons who received such honorary degrees during their tenures include hari gautam (four honorary doctorates from 1999-2002); arun nigavekar (two honorary doctorates from 2002-2005); and, ved prakash (three honorary doctorates from 2013-2017).
also read | presidents, pms, ministers, cms, fathers of cms: honour list cuts across party linesrti records also show that when ketan desai headed the medical council of india, he was awarded an honorary doctorate by tamilnadu dr mgr medical university in 2009.
a year later, desai was arrested by cbi on corruption charges.
records establish a similar pattern when it comes to public agricultural universities granting honorary degrees to those in charge of monitoring their activities.
topping the list is s ayyappan, when he was secretary of the department of agricultural research and education (dare), ministry of agriculture, between 2010 and 2016.
during these six years, ayyappan received five honorary doctorates from various agriculture and veterinary science universities.
next on this list is ayyappans predecessor at dare, mangla rai, who received two honorary doctorates during her tenure.
rai had earlier received an honorary degree during her previous assignment as deputy director-general, crop sciences, from 1997 to 2003.
before rai, r s paroda, who was dare secretary from 1992 to 2001 received two honorary doctorates during his tenure.
the website of dare states that it provides the necessary government linkages for the indian council of agricultural research (icar), the premier research organisation, for co-ordinating, guiding and managing research and education in agriculture including horticulture, fisheries and animal sciences in the entire country.
these honorary degrees broadly come under three categories: degree of doctor of letters (d.
litt) for literature, philosophy, art and music, and for services rendered to the cause of education; degree of doctor of science (d.
sc) for science and technology or for planning, organising or developing scientific and technological institutions; degree of doctor of laws (ll.
d) for lawyers, judges or jurists and statesmen, and for contributions to public good.
rti records also show that five honorary doctorates were conferred on technocrat sampitroda , who served from 2005 to 2009 as chairman of the national knowledge commission, advising then prime minister manmohan singh on policies for educational institutions and research.
in 2010, pitroda founded the national innovation council and served as advisor to the prime minister with cabinet-rank.
during these stints, pitroda was conferred honorary degrees by visvesvaraya technological university, belgaum (2014); university of mysore (2014); shivaji university, kolhapur (2013); rajiv gandhi proudyogiki vishwavidyalaya, bhopal (2013); and, iit-kharagpur (2011).
among the serving hrd ministers who have received such honorary doctorates include murli manohar joshi (two, 1998-2004) and the late arjun singh (one, 2004-2009).
d purandareswari, hrd minister of state in the upa government, received two honorary doctorates during her tenure from 2006 to 2011  she is now a bjp leader.
universities have the power to confer honorary degrees for which proposals have to be approved by their academic and executive councils before final approval is granted by chancellors and visitors.
rti records show that as visitor to central universities when he was the president, pranab mukherjee received three degrees  from goa university (2017), assam university, silchar (2012) and calcutta university (2014).
mukherjee declined an honorary doctorate from iit-kharagpur in 2012.
pratibha patil received three degrees as president  from padmavathi medical college (university), tirupathi (2008), north maharashtra university, jalgaon (2012) and goa university (2009).
a university should have the right to decide who to give an honorary doctorate to but the institution  or the honorary degree  should not be reduced to an exercise of power politics, said a senior official of a leading public university who did not want to be named.
what kind of a signal are you sending to todays young graduates at a convocation when the highest degree of the university is given to someone not because of what they have done but because of who they are and what they can get done, said the official.
speaking to the indian express on the findings of the investigation, prof durg singh chauhan, former vice-chancellor of up technical university, was clear that those occupying top positions and those who control higher education must not accept such degrees.
sometimes, vice-chancellors offer doctorates to persons occupying high positions and those who can offer some benefit in return, said chauhan.
honorary doctorates must not be flaunted as a symbol of achievement and credibility.
many of those who receive such degrees may not have done anything in academics or research for which such degrees are meant.
they may have got it due to the position of power they held at the time, said prof makhan lal, founder director, delhi institute of heritage research and management.
there is misuse, cant stop itwhen contacted by the indian express seeking comment, former naac chief goverdhan mehta said there was no conflict of interest involved in the honorary degrees he has accepted.
i received many honorary doctorates before and after naac.
i did receive some honorary doctorates while i was with naac, but i never received a doctorate from a university where the evaluation was done by me.
i dont think there is any conflict of interest, he said.
asked about accepting such degrees while heading the ugc, sukhdeo thorat said: it depends on both, the institution awarding the degree and the individual accepting it.
both one must take care of basic principles.
i have declined some degrees from deemed-to-be universities.
former dare secretary ayyappan said: these degrees are conferred for some achievements.
but i would not like to comment anymore on this issue now.
however, mangla rai, another former dare secretary, admitted that there were instances of misuse of powers granted to universities to award such degrees.
sometimes, there is misuse, but we cant stop it.
if you cant stop the ugc chairman or d-g icar or persons in some other positions, how can you stop others, like ministers, occupying prominent positions?
this should be left to the inner voice of the individual being conferred, said rai.
b'rahul gandhi (express photo) rahul gandhi (express photo)congress president rahul gandhi will travel to singapore and malaysia on a three-day visit this week, his third foreign visit in the last six months.
in both the countries, he will have interactive sessions with students on the lines of the one he had at uc berkeley in the us, meetings with business leaders and address indian community gatherings.
the congress believes rahuls interaction with students of berkeley was received well in india.
in singapore, he will have a similar interaction with students of a premier public policy institute.
former lok sabha mp milind deora, who conceived rahuls berkeley trip, is said to be the brain behind his singapore-malaysia visits.
rahul will be accompanied by deora and sam pitroda.
i am happy to be organising this visit as i have close ties with singapore.
generally, the objective of such visits is for the party and for congress president, in particular, to connect with the indian diaspora, business leaders and heads of state.
i have also organised his interaction with students and academia at the prestigious lee kuan yew school of public policy along with the same lines as i had organised at uc berkeley last year, deora told the indian express when contacted.
during his stay in singapore on march 8 and 9, rahul will hold meetings with the leadership of temasek group, one of the largest sovereign wealth funds.
he will also meet the singapore pm, deputy pm and foreign minister.
he will meet the pm and senior ministers in malaysia as well.
