ahmedabad: on a friday afternoon kush saluja, a class vii student, carefully dissects a bright pink flower so that he can study pollen under a microscope.
he is part of a group of children which spends evenings at ahmedabad's vikram a sarabhai community science centre (vascsc ) to explore the magic of science beyond textbooks.
community science centres across the country have their roots in this small 1966-born institution which has an annual budget of a tad less than rs 4 crore.
in an era when there was no television- leave alone discovery channel - vascsc launched its mission to inspire children to learn mathematics and science using innovative methods.
science educators here began using working models to give children an opportunity to conduct their own experiments.
learning science became fun.
at school, a teacher shows us how a microscope works, kush says.
here, i work the microscope myself.
the centre has over the years, transformed generations of ahmedabad children.
in 1974, arvind patel failed miserably in his class viii science exam.
that summer, he spent evenings at the centre.
today, he runs a company in ahmedabad.
it develops lasers for cutting diamonds and metal and holds at least 20 patents.
the centre turned my life around, he gushes.
vascsc was the brainchild of vikram ambalal sarabhai, the father of india's space programme.
on the one hand, he envisioned sending satellites into space, on the other he worked to build a scientific temperament among schoolchildren.
his wish: to see a new generation of thinking individuals with a scientific bent of mind.
this gave birth to vascsc 45 years back, the first of its kind in the country.
since then, thousands of bright minds have passed through its doors and lost their fear of numbers and testtubes filled with volatile chemicals.
it is science, hands on.
the vascsc board of governors has some impressive names, including sampitroda as chairman, director of the institute of plasma research p k kaw, director of isro's space application centre r r navalgund and senior officials of the state and central governments.
sarabhai's illustrious children - kartikeya and mallika - are also on the board.
earlier, it would take a week to fill up seats in the summer programme for schoolchildren.
now they are all taken up in a few hours.
we have had to increase our seats in many programmes because of the rush, kartikeya sarabhai, the sibling more inclined towards science, says.
in recent times, the institution's biggest achievements have been the science express train and the pioneering maths lab concept.
today, it is mandatory for every cbse and icse school to have such laboratories.
since 2007, the science express, with interactive laboratories on board, has covered 221 towns and cities, drawing 63.
5 lakh visitors - mostly students in areas where schools don't have well-equipped labs.
but vascsc director dilip surkar insists numbers don't show impact.
the idea is to inspire.
the science express was initially an indo-german project.
within a year of its launch, the number of indian students enrolling for a phd in science in german universities went up from 15 to 65, he says.
the science express was developed by the department of science & technology (dst ) and the max planck society, germany.
it has around 300 large-format visual images, 150 video clips and multimedia exhibits.
it showcases india's achievements in science and technology.
the best part of the train, the 'joy of science hands-on lab', has been developed by vascsc.
this is a state-of-the-art classroom on wheels where students get to do things themselves.
chander mohan, director dst, says : despite its small budget, vascsc stood by me when i wanted to start the unique train.
other organizations with much bigger budgets were not ready to take responsibility of running the train.
i salute vascsc.
back at the maths lab, a group of class vi students is learning about integers, natural numbers and the number line.
number-crunching has not made them sullen.
instead, they cheer their 'science educator ' as he explains how minus one and one are equidistant from zero.
i get great tips that help me remember things i would otherwise forget, purvansh shah says.
this has helped me stay ahead of the rest of the kids.
what is this, asks a teacher, picking up a piece of wood.
cuboid, the excited children shout.
no, says the teacher.
this is a square prism.
cuboid is its pet name, and the kids have a good laugh.
the maths lab was developed by professor a r rao, a leading mathematician of his time, who completed 100 years on september 23, 2008 and passed away recently.
he designed a set of mathematical models, puzzles and games that made learning numbers fun.
today, vascsc helps set up such labs across the country.
bengaluru: the rajya sabha elections on march 23 are heading for a high-pitched battle with janata dal (s) announcing bm farook as its official candidate even though its yet to reach a consensus with congress on an alliance.
jd(s) national president h d deve gowda on wednesday softened his partys stand to woo the congress and announced the party would continue its alliance with the congress in the bruhat bangalore mahanagara palike.
his son and jd(s) president h d kumarswamy had earlier threatened withdraw support in the bbmp if the congress didnt support its rajya sabha candidate.
the jd(s) has 30 valid votes, as opposed to 44 required to elect its candidate, and it desperately needs congress support.
despite losing the 2016 elections, farook stuck with the party and were bound to support him, the former prime minister said.
after a core committee meeting, gowda also sent a message to the congress leadership that it had extended its indirect support to the party by not fielding candidates in gundlupet and nanjangud byelections and it expected the same for farook.
even in the case of getting kupendra reddy elected, the congress did not field a candidates in 2014.
now, when its the turn of b m farook, why is the congress, which claims to have been a guardian angel of minorities, trying to oppose us?
asked gowda.
however, siddaramaiah wants his close friend and realtor p r channa reddy to be the third candidate.
according to jd(s) leaders, the party has got the clearance of the congress high command but siddaramaiah is opposing it.
the karnataka pradesh congress committee (kpcc) said its list of three candidates will be out in the next two days.
there is no question of alliance with jd(s), as well be fielding three candidates at the rs polls, said kpcc working president dinesh gundu rao.
the high command had proposed the names of sampitroda and janardhan dwivedi, but siddaramaiah opposed them on the grounds that it would be better to elect locals in a poll season.
vijay sankeshwar for bjp?
the situation in the bjp remains fluid with both union minister prakash javadekar and outgoing independent mp rajeev chandrashekar in the race.
theres also speculation of media and transport baron vijay sankeshwar being in the fray.
sankeshwars name resonates with the intent of the bjp to have lingayat representation from the party at the centre ahead of the 2018 assembly polls and the controversy surrounding the communitys minority status.
the bjp central leadership on wednesday released the first list of its rs candidates sans javadekar name from madhya pradesh but did not name the sole candidate from karnataka.
new delhi: with its rajya sabha strength dipping, the congress leadership is making an all-out pitch for securing three extra seats by exploring strategic tie-ups.
the party is capable of winning seven seats on its own, on paper, in the upcoming biennial elections.
the ambitious and risk-prone congress ventures are for winning an extra seat each in karnataka, jharkhand and west bengal, even while keeping fingers crossed on the unity of its legislature party in bihar to win one of the seven sure seats.
with fewer seats available, there are too many congress aspirants lobbying hard for few seats.
congress plans to field a muslim and a lingayat for the two seats it is sure to win in karnataka.
the party also plans to contest a third seat on the strength of its surplus votes and hopes to persuade jds mlas to lend a helping hand, officially or otherwise.
it calculates that the deve gowda-kumaraswamy duo will find it difficult to repeat an underhand deal with bjp on the eve of the assembly polls.
however, jds too is asking congress to help it win the seat, even as cm siddharamaiah is slated to meet aicc representatives for selecting the candidates.
technocrat sampitroda and shaktisinh gohil are among probables for the two seats congress can win in gujarat.
however, the leadership is keen on ensuring a fresh term for abhishek singhvi, who completes his term as a representative of rajasthan in the upper house, and is looking at gujarat and jharkhand for fielding him.
the jmm-congress alliance can win only a seat, though a member each from both parties are retiring from the state, and the aicc is trying to persuade jmm to help the congress win the seat provided its 27 mlas do not cross vote, congress has an outside chance of winning bihars sixth seat  with rjd and jdu set to elect two representatives each and bjp one  using surplus rjd votes and backing of cpi-ml and a few independents.
meira kumar, nikhil kumar and shakeel ahmed have been shortlisted for the seat, even as the leadership is keeping a close eye on the rumblings in its legislature party.
while trinamool can win five of the six seats (it has announced six candidates) in bengal, congress with over 40 mlas is trying to bag the sixth seat with the support of the left front.
since left is in no position to retain its existing seat, cpm will be without a rajya sabha mp from bengal for the first time since 1964.
cpm is persuading congress to agree to a common independent candidate.
among those eyeing the west bengal and jharkhand seats are retiring congress mps rajiv shukla and pramod tiwari and a few leaders from the states.
congress aspirants for the lone winnable seat in maharashtra include retiring member rajani patil and leaders such as milind deora, prithviraj chavan and sk shinde.
congress will be able to retain its single seat in mp, where satyavrat chaturvedi completes his term.
b'bengaluru: the rajya sabha elections on march 23 are heading for a high-pitched battle with janata dal (s) announcing bm farook as its official candidate even though its yet to reach a consensus with congress on an alliance jd(s) national president h d deve gowda on wednesday softened his partys stand to woo the congress and announced the party will continue its alliance with the congress in the bruhat bangalore mahanagara palike (bbmp).
his son and jd(s) president h d kumaraswamy had earlier threatened to withdraw support in the bbmp if the congress didnt support its rajya sabha candidate.
the jd(s) has 30 valid votes, as opposed to 44 required to elect its candidate, and it desperately needs congress support.
despite losing the 2016 elections, bm farook remained with the party and were bound to support him, the former prime minister said.
after a core committee meeting, gowda sent a message to the congress leadership that it had extended its indirect support to the party by not fielding candidates in gundlupet and nanjangud byelections and it expected the same for farook.
even in the case of getting kupendra reddy elected, the congress did not field a candidate in 2014.
now, when its the turn of b m farook, why is the congress, which claims to have been a guardian angel of minorities, trying to oppose us?
asked gowda.
however, siddaramaiah wants his close friend and realtor p r channa reddy to be the third candidate.
according to jd(s) leaders, the party has got the clearance of the congress high command but siddaramaiah is opposing it.
the karnataka pradesh congress committee (kpcc) said its list of three candidates will be out in two days.
there is no question of alliance with jd(s), as well be fielding three candidates at the rs polls, said kpcc working president dinesh gundu rao.
the high command had proposed the names of sampitroda and janardhan dwivedi, but siddaramaiah opposed them on the grounds that it would be better to elect locals in a poll season.
gandhinagar: arun jaitley , the union finance minister , who has represented gujarat in the rajya sabha since april 2000, has now been nominated by the bjp to represent uttar pradesh in the rajya sabha, as the bjp does not have enough seats in the gujarat assembly to nominate him for his fourth term from here.
arun jaitley represented gujarat in the rajya sabha seat first when he was appointed minister of state (mos) in the atal bihari vajpayee government.
the bjp on wednesday announced jaitleys nomination from up.
it chose to renominate mansukh mandaviya (mos, road transport and highways, shipping, chemicals and fertilizers) and parshottam rupala (mos, panchayati raj, agriculture and farmer welfare) on two seats it does have.
shankar vegad, the fourth bjp mp whose term expired, will not return to the rajya sabha.
vegad on wednesday wrote to gujarat bjp president jitu vaghani, requesting to not be nominated and that the party give a chance to other members.
mandaviya, a leuva patel and rupala, a kadva patel, have sizeable followings and have contributed greatly to the state bjp.
hence, it was expected that party not to upset them.
bjp likely to play safe to avoid fiasco as in august 2017bjp has nominated only two leaders for the rajya sabha, unlike in august 2017 when it nominated a congress turncoat, balwantsinh rajput, to stand against congress stalwart ahmed patel, despite do not having sufficient numbers to get a third candidate elected.
in august 2017, 14 congress mlas including the then leader of opposition (lop) shankersinh vaghela, voted in favour of bjp.
however, ahmed patel was still able to get elected to the rajya sabha.
two votes by congress mlas in favour of the bjp were also been invalidated.
bjp president had then camped in teh state for long, to try and defeat ahmed patel.
this time, the bjp is unlikely to nominate a third candidate to force an election.
congress may pick pitroda for rajya sabhafor one of its two rajya sabha seats, the gujarat congress may nominate sampitroda , the usa-based technocrat and close aide of late prime minister rajiv gandhi.
pitroda is also close to congress president rahul gandhi, according to key congress sources.
besides state unit president bharatsinh solanki, 22 congress members have made a claim for the rajya sabha seat.
ahmedabad: newly appointed congress president rahul gandhi , on saturday held zone-wise introspection meetings to review the performance of congress party in 2017 gujarat assembly polls and said that while congress lost the polls, it has won in reality.
exuding confidence over the party improving its tally to 77 seats, the best ever performance since 1985 elections, gandhi said that congress will win 135 seats in 2022 assembly polls three months back, questions were being raised as to whether the congress can fight the election at all; there was no question of winning or losing.
bjp claimed it will win 1500-plus seats while congress will have to contend with 20 to 25 seats only, gandhi said, adding, gujarat congress has shown that if the party sticks to its ideology and fights elections united, it cannot lose.
gandhi said: we lost the elections but we won.
bjp worked with anger and hatred while congress fought elections with love.
they had money, police, cms of many states and support of big industrialists, while we had only truth.
said gandhi while addressing elected mlas along with senior party leaders at gu convention centre in ahmedabad.
gandhi told thenewly elected mlas that they will form the next government.
bjp claimed they will win 150 seats but i want to tell you that congress will win 135 seats in 2022 polls.
the elected mlas are ambassadors of the congress.
please fight for issues of farmers, youths and women who supported us, as the struggle has not ended, gandhi said.
gandhi also claimed that pm narendra modi's gujarat development model was debunked during the polls.
congress managed to gherao the bjp and they were not able to answer our questions.
in the end, modiji spoke about himself, and about (former prime minister) manmohan singh.
but all earlier talk about development and modi model was debunked by congress workers and the people of gujarat, he said.
gandhi added, the entire country is asking what happened to the gujarat model?
modiji will not be able to talk about it in the future.
hitting out at anti-party activities by some congress leaders, gandhi said they will not be spared.
i want to tell two-three things to the gujarat congress.
i met elected mlas, all those who fought elections, district presidents and they told me that the message must go out that 90  of the congress men fought united but 5 -10  did not help, gandhi said.
gandhi warned, from this stage, i say that congress party will take action against them.
we will give a clear message that however big you may be, if you dont stand with the congress party in elections then there will be no future for you in the congress party.
congress chief rahul gandhi on saturday offered prayers at somnath temple in gir-somnath district, ahead of his meeting with party leaders to introspect on the gujarat assembly polls results.
this was gandhis first visit to gujarat after the elections.
he arrived at keshod airport in junagadh and went by road to somnath temple.
gandhi did not write anything in the entry register and offered prayers.
gandhis last visit to the temple during the election campaign last month had triggered a row after his name was found written in the entry register meant for non-hindus.
non-hindus are allowed to visit the temple but have to first get themselves registered at the shrine's office.
a purported photocopy of a page of the register for non-hindus had gone viral on social media with the names of gandhi and senior congress leader ahmed patel written on it.
the congress had called it fake while the bjp asked gandhi to come clear on his religious faith before people.
gandhi had later said that he and his family were devotees of lord shiva.
congress leaders in delhi had said that gandhi was a janeu-dhari brahmin.
they had also release old pictures of gandhi and his family performing pooja.
after spending nearly an hour at the temple gandhi reached ahmedabad to attend meeting with party members.
rahul gandhi in his speech mentioned gujarat party incharge ashok gehlot and four secretaries of aicc but did not mention the name of any gujarat congress leader.
this became a talking point among congress party cadre.
reportedly rahul was unhappy with gujarat congress leaders including bharatsinh solanki, shaktisinh gohil, arjun modhwadia, shaktisinh gohil and others.
rahul also gave credit to madhusudan mistry and sampitroda but did not give credit to any gujarat congress leader.
he also indicated action against those who engaged in anti-party activity.
a number of senior local workers complained against the overimportance given by the party to three outsiders, namely patidar anamat andolan samiti (paas) leader hardik patel, obc leader alpesh thakor  who joined the party just before elections and dalit leader jignesh mevani whom the party supported as an independent candidate.
dalit activist and independent mla from vadgam, jignesh mevani, who won with congress support, also attended the official meeting of congress party and sat with the gujarat congress leaders sparking speculations about him formally joining congress.
though three muslim leaders got elected as mlas, murmuring have started in the party over them.
while newcomers like alpesh thakor were given place on dais, congress did not allow any muslim leaders except ahmed patel on it.
a senior muslim mla reportedly met rahul gandhi and complained about state party leaders.
muslim leaders also alleged that their own party men had attempted to bring about their defeat.
new delhi: congress will amplify its criticism of growing political culture under bjp , attacks on institutions and rural distress as it seeks to ready the party cadres with a potent message to take on the saffron camp in the coming assembly polls and the 2019 parliamentary contest.
at the two-day aicc plenary session which gets under way on saturday, aimed at showcasing new party president rahul gandhi , congress plans to present a comprehensive case against the modi government.
equipped with the assessment of bjp regime, the state leaders would be directed to disseminate the message to the lowest rung of the campaign ladder.
over two days, the attempt would be to ensure that congressmen are not on the defensive on corruption and development planks that modi-led bjp has exploited successfully since the 2014 lok sabha elections.
aicc would flag the scandals under modi regime to accuse bjp of nexus with those who have generated black money.
the party would also talk about the press conference of the four supreme court judges (in january) to say there was disquiet in the functioning of the judicial system.
congress believes it can whip up a strong campaign against the modi dispensation by highlighting rural distress which paid rich dividends in the gujarat polls.
besides political, international and economic resolutions, aicc would pass a resolution on farmers issues.
these four documents have been written by anand sharma, p chidambaram, jairam ramesh and bhupinder singh hooda.
the subjects committee of the aicc met on friday to approve the programme.
the format of the congress conclave has been tweaked to better spotlight the partys ideology for the new generation.
organisers have finalised three panel discussions: power of truth (kumar ketkar as moderator), vision 2030 (sam pitroda) and common future, common struggle which would feature young leaders.
with rahul gandhi in lead and veterans sonia gandhi and manmohan singh supporting, congress is eager to underscore the generational shift in the party.
rahul gandhis first presidential speech would draw the curtains on the gathering.
sources said the session would see the party join the ideological battle with bjp.
amid concerns within that bjp would resort to a polarising campaign as in gujarat polls, congress members are planning to attack the hindutva plank as being a political philosophy which was different from the sanatan dharma hinduism.
new delhi: the centre on tuesday told the supreme court that it ordered eviction of associated journals ltd ( ajl ) from the national herald premises because of cardinal breaches of lease agreement  no press activity in the premises for last 10 years and transfer of ownership to young indian in which top congress leaders rahul and sonia gandhi are majority stake-holders.
responding to a petition filed by ajl challenging a delhi high court judgement upholding the eviction notice of october 30, 2018, the land & development office (l&do) in its affidavit cited the clause in the perpetual lease for the plot prohibiting sale, mortgage or gift of the plot without obtaining prior approval in writing of the lessor (union government).
it said young indian was founded on november 28, 2010 with sampitroda and suman dubey as the sole shareholders.
on january 22, 2011, sonia gandhi and rahul gandhi became dominant share holders (both having 38  shares each) along with motilal vohra and oscar fernandes (holding 12  shares each).
about the other lease agreement violation, l&do said, the dominant purpose of the lease in the present case has been lost.
closure of national herald newspaper, not just for a brief period, but for long period, makes it clear that no press activity was being carried out by ajl.
while challenging the delhi hc order, ajl had said the centre, for political reasons, has singled out ajl for eviction proceedings on the ground that the premises were being used only for commercial purposes when most of the other lease-holders of plots on the same road are doing the same thing  renting out floors for commercial exploitation of the buildings.
ajl had said the hc irrelevantly looked into extraneous issues  incorporation of young indian, within five days of its formation inc assigning it rs 90 crore loan and later transfer of shares of young indian to sonia gandhi, rahul gandhi, oscar fernandes, sampitroda and suman dubey  and made an unnecessary comment that the transaction was not permissible in law, fraudulent in nature, against public interest and that the entire transaction was a clandestine and surreptitious transfer of the lucrative interest in the herald premises to young india.
pm minister narendra modi is presented with a memento in the presence of sad patron and former cm parkash sing.
.
.
read moretalks of hp days againdownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
solan/bathinda: prime minister narendra modi on monday accused the previous congress governments of using defence deals as an automated teller machine (atm) for the party.
addressing a rally in himachal pradeshs solan district, the pm said, india was dependent on foreign countries for 70  needs of the defence forces during the previous congress governments.
it had been deliberately done as defence deals were atm for the congress.
india had a 150-yearlong experience of defence production when it became independent in 1947.
we had 18 ordinance factories 150 years before independence.
china had no such experience at that time, modi said.
but now, china has become an exporter of defence production, whereas we are an importer because of the bad policies of earlier congress governments.
defence equipment were being procured from 70 countries to meet indias needs, modi said, adding that his government had tried to reverse the trend during the past five years and the countrys defence production was increased by 80 .
he also accused the upa regime of delaying the defence deals at the cost of young soldiers.
he said there was demand for bulletproof jackets for the armed forces under upa regime, but same was delayed by six years .
addressing a rally for union minister and shiromani akali dal candidate harsimrat kaur badal in bathinda on monday, pm raised the issues of 1984 anti-sikh riots , kartarpur sahib corridor and truncated farm debt waiver to farmers in punjab to attack the congress.
talking about farm debt waiver, modi accused captain amarinder singh government of cheating the farmers.
captain sahib, farmers can forgive any folly, but they will not forgive cheating, said the pm, adding the nda government was committed towards doubling farm income by 2022.
polling for 13 parliamentary seats of punjab and four of himachal pradesh will be held on may 19.
links pitroda remark to defence too at the election rally in thodo ground of solan, modi said scams were reported regularly under congress rule.
young boys were martyred during upa rule while congress said hua toh hua, he said.
he said for this hua toh hua thinking, the congress and mahamilavati (adulterated) people never took serious steps to make country self-reliant in defence production.
during his 30-minutelong speech, modi directly attacked the congress using the same phrase.
it was during his recent visit to dharamshala that indian congress overseas chief sampitroda had said hua toh hua while referring to the 1984 riots.
he said congress leaders sought votes in the name of their ancestors, but when questioned about the deeds of their ancestors, they said hua toh hua.
raga reaction is drama while the words hua toh hua were said by pitroda, the intention behind these words was of the gandhi family, said modi in bathinda.
in his 18-minute speech in bathinda, he repeatedly said pitroda was the guru of naamdar.
naamdar is only enacting drama of showing his anger towards his guru and saying apko sharam aani chahiye (you should be ashamed).
actually you should be ashamed, modi said.
modi said rahul had shown his anger only because his guru put the hatred of his family in public domain.
the hatred was always there in your family, but it is your guru who made it public.
you scolded him just because he spoke openly, modi said.
on 1984 riots issueyou should be ashamed as 35 years have passed but the riot victims could not get justice.
the 1984 riots were big blow to the humanity but we fought for justice and with the blessings of badal will keep on fighting.
we have ensured that one is given death sentence, others the life imprisonment and we will ensure those who still have not been sentenced dont remain out for long, the pm said.
modi said the congress only formed inquiry commissions and kept on putting reports in the cold storage.
you those guilty of the riots ministers in the government, gave honourable posts in party organizations.
you made one of them punjab affairs in-charge of the party and when a hue and cry was raised you removed him but gave him the bigger responsibility as chief minister of madhya pradesh, he added.
prime minister narendra modi, who was general secretary in charge of bjp in himachal pradesh before becoming the chief minister of gujarat, once again made emotional appeal to the people of hill state.
in the beginning of his speech at thodo ground, modi asked people whether they still remember him or have forgotten.
he said people of himachal pradesh had given him immense love and affection and had made him their own.
modi said in past he had visited solan many times and used to take stroll on the mall road with his friends.
he also recalled the chana (grams) seller manohar lal and asked the people whether he was still alive.
ahmedabad: while sampitroda has been a force behind congresss peoples manifesto, a number of members of bjps cyber army are nrgs.
hasmukh patel, coordinator of nri for modi organization, said that about 100 non-resident gujaratis (nrgs) have camped in gujarat since late november.
most members are from us.
but there are also citizens of canada, uk and australia  many of whom also come to india in 2014 to support narendra modi in lok sabha elections, he said.
prof keshav patel, a former academician in india now settled in florida, said: we are encouraging citizens to vote and choose the best representative for their constituency.
we will target districts such as mehsana, kheda and anand.
manish doshi, congress spokesperson, said that a number of congress candidates in constituencies such as mansa have a large nrg community supporting them.
jaipur: sampitroda believes india needs to democratise information to help innovations happen.
democratise information - make it accessible to everyone.
to innovate we need authentic and real-time information, he said.
pitroda was delivering a lecture on 'public information infrastructure and innovations' organised by the consumer rights society, cuts, on saturday.
referring to wikileaks, pitroda said nothing remained a secret in today's world.
whatever we do or say can be passed on to the other corner of the world.
it is important that our public and private standards are the same, he said.
the man credited with revolutionising telecommunications in india, rued that information available in india was unreliable and locked in government files.
the next phase of telecommunication should focus on information, pitroda said.
the right to information act, he said, was a great law but was not helping much because information in india was not organised.
to reap the rti benefits, the country needs to digitalise information, store it and provide real-time access to it, he said.
for innovations to happen, pitroda said, parents need to educate the youngsters and turn them loose.
facebook today is worth billions of dollars.
people of my generation-even i  would not have approved the idea.
but that is what the young generation can visualise, he said.
pitroda spoke on how fast the growth in technology was going to change our lives.
future generations won't need teachers, universities will become obsolete.
technology will change the teaching module and there will be no classrooms.
the same will happen with doctors.
with tele-medication around, there will be no need of going to doctors.
people will visit only specialists.
in a sense, everything we do today is going to become obsolete, he said.
new delhi: prime minister manmohan singh will release the first report of the national innovation council (nic), which has been set up to promote new ideas for inclusive development, on tuesday.
nic which was established to recognise the potential of innovation to bridge unmet needs an access gaps in vital sectors like agriculture, education and energy, will release its first report on november 15, an official releaes said.
the occasion will also be graced by finance minister pranab mukherjee, human resource development minister kapil sibal, msme minister virbhadra singh and planning commission deputy chairman montek singh ahluwalia.
in a bid to spur innovation in key sectors of the economy, singh had given his nod to set up the nic headed by telecom czar sampitroda , with special focus on micro, small and medium enterprises for 2010-20, last year in august.
the nic has been tasked with formulating an implementing an indian model of inclusive innovation that can deliver these and with preparing a roadmap for innovation in the country.
the report to the people captures the first year of nic's activity.
it highlights key nic initiative across a wide range of areas like financing, productivity and competitiveness, education, communication and advocacy, government framework and others.
the council is also in the process of setting up a billion dollar fund to encourage innovation in the country.
other members of the council are ramesh mashelkar, former director general of csir, kiran karnik, former president nasscom, devi prasad shetty of narayana hrudyalaya, r gopalakishnan, executive director of tata sons, kiran mazumdar shaw, chairperson of biocon.
nagpur: rahul gandhi will be the congress partys prime ministerial candidate, and will be projected so, when the next general elections are held in 2019 or at earlier date as is being speculated.
this categorical statement was made by mv rajeev gowda , chairman of all india congress committees (aicc) research wing.
he is also rajya sabha member from karnataka.
in a media interaction, he said the party was fast gaining lost political ground across the country, as people have started seeing through the maze of fake promises made by prime minister narendra modi and the bharatiya janata party (bjp).
gowda, who is the first congress leader to assert that rahul was pm-ready, said that after the gujarat elections, where the party performed far better than was being projected, the congress would show surprising results and win in karnataka, rajasthan, chhattisgarh as well as madhya pradesh in the elections in near future.
gowdas assertions come even as there is talk that even if the congress is to form the government at the centre after next general elections, it would not chose rahul to lead the country.
gowda was in the city on invitation of amol deshmukh, also a member of the aicc research unit, who had done groundwork assisting sampitroda in the build-up to recent gujarat elections.
gowda was instrumental in bringing out a document real state of economy before last years economic survey report was presented on budget-eve.
this year, a similar paper is being put together, which is expected to nail the modi government on all economic parameters.
it will show how demonetization and hasty implementation of gst have set the countrys gdp back by 2 , causing loss of creation of rs3 lakh crore of wealth, decline in job generation, and disruption in manufacturing sector.
the health insurance plan for 10 crore people announced in the latest union budget was nothing but a jumla, as there was no supporting budgetary allocation, he added.
gowda also had an interaction in the city with members of civil society and professionals, where he sought views on a variety of sectors.
avantika chitnavis spoke on need for tourism promotion based on technically sound schemes, and effective stakeholder consultations.
vijay jawandhiya and sharad nimbalkar suggested agriculture be put on concurrent list as states were not able to do enough for it.
nitin lonkar of butibori industries association pointed out that msme sector, which generated maximum jobs and contributed 40  to countrys manufacturing capacity, was neglected and subjected to dual taxation.
surat: president of india ram nath kovind will be on his maiden visit to the diamond city on may 29.
the president will be attending an award function organized by shree ramkrishna knowledge foundation (srkkf) in memory of mother of govind dholakia, chairman of worlds leading diamond company, shree ramkrishna export ( srk ) at sanjeev kumar auditorium at pal on may 29.
president kovind will give away santokbaa humanitarian award worth rs1 crore each to kailash satyarthi, a nobel peace prize laureate, who is childrens rights activist, and a s kiran kumar, former chairman of indian space research organisation ( isro ), in the presence of governor op kohli and chief minister vijay rupani.
govind dholakia told toi, the santokbaa humanitarian award was started way back in 2007 with the primary objective to honour altruists from various fields in the country.
president kovindji readily accepted our invitation for the humanitarian cause, which will inspire millions of lives and society at large.
my mother had raised all her children in poverty, but she taught us important life lessons of helping others in their pain and grief.
this award is in the memory of my mother and we want to take it to national level in the next couple of years.
in the past, santokbaa humanitarian awards had been conferred upon ratan tata, hh dalai lama, sudha murthy, professor bhikhu parekh , father carlos valles, professor s swaminathan, dr verghese kurien, narayan desai and dr sampitroda among others.
govind dholakia said kailash satyarthi and as kiran kumar will be interacting with students, intellectuals, social workers and people from different walks of life at an interactive session to be held at science centre at city light on may 29 evening.
in another event, president kovind will be attending the felicitation function of family members of cadaver organ donors at surat international exhibition and convention centre (siecc) at sarsana.
president kovind will be felicitating the family members of cadaver organ donors in the presence of kohli and rupani.
lucknow: the inability shown by three chief guests for the convocation ceremony of the gautam buddh technical university has resulted in its postponement.
earlier, scheduled on november 22, the convocation will now be held sometime later.
confirming the same, gbtu vice-chancellor, prof kripa shanker told toi, none of the three guests we approached could confirm their presence for the convocation.
with merely 10 days left for the ceremony, we could not find a guest and hence, we had to postpone the convocation.
the first chief guest who was expected to visit the university was sampitroda , advisor to the prime minister of india on public information infrastructure & innovations.
after he expressed his inability to attend the function, the university approached e sreedharan, managing director, delhi metro rail corporation.
the university authorities even could not get his clearance and then they tried for the vice-chairman, tcs, s ramadorai which didn't work out.
bengaluru: the congress is said to be looking at a combination of youngsters and veterans to field in the upcoming rajya sabha polls on march 23 with the party expected to win just eight of the total 58 seats going to elections based on the strength of its mlas in the respective state assemblies.
the congresss assured seats are two each in karnataka and gujarat and one each in madhya prdesh, bihar and maharashtra.
in karnataka, chief minister siddaramaiah is keen on fielding a third candidate, who has to mobilise votes from independents and others as the party is short of 10 votes to get the nominee elected on its own strength.
sources said siddaramaiah reportedly told the high command that only local candidates should be fielded this time as it is an election year.
names of party functionaries janardhan dwivedi and sampitroda are doing the rounds.
the latter is expected to be fielded from gujarat.
a delegation of congress mps, which met aicc general secretary karnataka incharge k c venugopal in new delhi on thursday, is said to have opposed former legislator naseer ahmeds name being considered.
according to them, the party is represented by three persons from kolar district in the parliament and ahmed also hails from there.
when the party has k h muniyappa (kolar mp), m veerappa moily (chikkaballapura mp) and rajeev gowda (rajya sabha mp), whose father was from kolar, the leaders should be looking at giving representation to others, sources quoting the mps said.
congress chief rahul gandhi, who is in singapore, is expected to approve the candidates list on friday or over the weekend; march 12 is the last date for filing of nominations.
kolkata: management consulting, technology services and outsourcing company accenture is scouting for more space in the city and is likely to recruit 15,000 people in future, bengal it minister partha chattopadhyay said here on tuesday.
accenture is looking for a space in excess of 1 lakh square feet in the city.
they already employ around 400 people in the state and is planning to recruit another 600 more after they acquire the space and later take it up to 15,000 over a period of time, chattopadhyay said at writers' buildings.
the minister confirmed that the company has sought help from the state government for fast track clearances.
we have asked them to give us a written proposal, he said.
chattopadhyay had spoken to avinash vashistha, country managing director for india, accenture.
the company has seven units in three states in the country.
chattopadhyay added that the state is still lagging behind in it development.
of the total $88 billion it and bpo turnover in the country, bengal only accounts for $1.
5 billion, which is 2.
6 .
and out of this $1.
5 billion, seven big firms account for 95  that include tcs, cognizant and wipro.
remaining 5  is coming from 170 small and medium enterprises (smes).
earlier during the day chattopadhyay emphasized smes are the growth drivers in the it sector.
dwelling on a similar agenda, nasscom chairman rajendra s. pawar also said promoting startup companies is a prime focus of the it body too.
there should be it hubs in every district in the state.
smes are welcome as capacity building is our main area.
we are also planning to have it clusters where many smes can work together.
common facilities could be created for startup companies, the minister said in a seminar organised by nasscom, the nodal agency of the software industry.
the nasscom chief said the state government's idea of building common facilities to support smes till they attained a certain business size would fuel development of it industries in the state.
these smes need lower cost of operation till they attain a certain size, pawar said.
the cluster idea has been coming up and we are trying to study it.
i had a discussion with sampitroda who cited an example of the media sector in france where 700 companies have come together to create a cluster and they bid for projects as a single entity.
this idea of a cluster in west bengal can be developed, he added.
incidentally, technocrat sampitroda is chairing both the it committees - on software and hardware - of the state.
chattopadhyay emphasized that the state needs to strengthen its venture capital corpus to support more smes.
we are working on it.
we know funds are a constraint for smes, he said.
the state it department now has a paltry rs 10 crore as venture capital.
he said the state government would take steps for revival of the indian institute of information and technology (iiit) scheme in bengal and had received a central proposal to set up an iiit.
under the iiit scheme, there was a proposal to set up 20 universities, added chattopadhyay.
