govt to review decision on bu bifurcationbangalore, june 15, 2013, dhns: 1:43 istguv opposes the bill proposing the splitthe karnataka government will review the decision to bifurcate the bangalore university.
the decision to bifurcate the university was not made by us.
it was their decision.
we will look into the bill and then take a call, chief minister siddaramaiah said on saturday.
he was reacting to the statement made by governor h r bhardwaj on returning the bill on bu bifurcation.
bhardwaj, who is also pro-chancellor, had questioned the bifurcation of bu while speaking to the media on the sidelines of the convocation of the karnataka samskrit university on friday.
why should the university be bifurcated?
bangalore university is one of the most important in karnataka, apart from those of mysore and dharwad.
i will not agree to it, he had said.
criticising the governors statement, former higher education minister c t ravi, who pushed the bill in the final months of the bjp regime, said the arbitrary announcement to return the bill seeking bifurcation of the bangalore university had come as a rude shock to the academic circles and also to the people of bangalore urban district who would have benefited the most.
he claimed that the decision to bifurcate the university was taken by the earlier government (coalition regime) after deliberations.
a committee, headed by former vice-chancellor dr rudrappa and comprising several education experts, recommended trifurcation of the varsity, he said.
citing that the bu has no less than 650 colleges under its purview, ravi said that the decision was primarily required to keep an effective control over them.
he said that the knowledge commission, a brainchild of prime minister dr manmohan singh and currently headed by sampitroda , had strongly recommended the formation of more universities by bifurcating the existing ones.
ravi claimed that the governor was no authority on the subject and that his unilateral decision to disapprove the bifurcation was not on the basis of any expert opinion or on merit of the case.
herald case: judge recuses from hearing sonia, rahul pleanew delhi, jan 12, 2015, pti: 18:52 ista judge of the delhi high court today recused himself from hearing the congress president sonia gandhi and rahul gandhi's pleas for stay of the trial court order summoning them and three others in the national herald case.
justice v p vaish said he will not hear the matter as his roster of cases has been changed and directed that the petitions be listed before an appropriate bench.
the judge, had on august 6 stayed the summons issued against the gandhis and others, and on december 15, 2014 had listed the matter for today, to be heard on day-to-day basis.
the court on december 15, 2014, had also stayed the summons till final disposal of the petitions.
bjp leader subramanian swamy opposed the judge's recusal and requested that the matter be heard by the same court which has been largely dealing with it, as a fresh hearing of the case would further delay the issue.
the court declined swamy's request and transferred the case.
later in the day, swamy mentioned the matter before a bench of chief justice g rohini and justice r s endlaw seeking stay of the transfer of the case.
swamy said that justice vaish has heard the matter since beginning so he be directed to hear the same.
the bench said that it will pass an appropriate order in this regard.
the case has now been fixed for further hearing on march 18.
swamy, in his complaint before the trial court, had alleged cheating and misappropriation of funds by the congress leaders in the acquisition of national herald by young indian (yi).
besides sonia and rahul, congress treasurer moti lal vora, general secretary oscar fernandes and suman dubey had moved the high court on july 30, 2014 against the trial court order summoning them in the case.
the trial court on june 26 last year had summoned sonia, rahul, vora, fernandes, dubey and sampitroda to appear before it on august 7, 2014.
subsequently the high court had stayed the summons issued to accused persons on august 6.
fresh summons against pitroda, who has so far not filed an appeal in the high court, was issued on december 9.
polio eradication certificate laudable, but the endgame is still trickykalyan ray, new delhi, jan 13, 2014, dhns: 23:26 istdatelinealmost 25 years ago, sampitroda , then adviser to the prime minister chaired a meeting in delhi in which it was decided to produce inactivated poliovirus vaccine (ipv) in india for inoculating children against the crippling disease that infected 500 to 1,000 children daily in the 1970s and 1980s.
the vaccine's inventor jonas salk convinced the top echelons of indian government on the importance of going forward with ipv ignoring the union health ministry's choice of oral polio vaccine.
notwithstanding the cost factor  ipv is costlier than oral polio vaccine (opv)  the government in march, 1988 decided to set up a vaccine manufacturing unit named indian vaccine company limited (ivcol) to make ipv as large number of kids were affected and killed by the polio virus.
land was acquired at manesar, ahead of gurgaon and french vaccine producer institut merieux was roped in.
as the health ministry was against the idea and refused to license the ipv except for research purpose, the government decided to set up the rs 90 crore manufacturing unit as a public sector undertaking supported by the newly created department of biotechnology, which was to provide rs 20 crore and indian petrochemicals limited, which too promised rs 20 crore.
the rest was to come from the french partner.
but suddenly in january 1992, the government without any consultation with the scientific community decided to discontinue with the ipv plan and closed down the ivcol.
the world health organisation advised developed countries to use ipv and asked the poor nations to go with opv.
developing countries were taken for a ride as there were clear serological evidence to suggest opv was not as effective as ipv, said pushpa mitra bhargava, founder director of centre for cellular and molecular biology, hyderabad.
more than two decades later as india completes three years without a single polio case and is set to receive a polio-free certificate from the world health organisation, the question on the two decade old vaccine choice returns to haunt the policymakers.
even though ipv is the only weapon to eradicate polio from india, when and how to introduce the ipv in the national programme remains a key question as introduction of ipv in the endgame strategy has its own pitfalls.
there are two types of vaccines to tackle polio.
in 80 per cent cases, the paralysis is permanent and some of the children die.
the oral polio vaccine created by albert sabin contains a live and attenuated virus that does not cause the disease in majority of kids.
the ipv on the other hand contains an inactivated form of the virus.
cause of concernsthe polio virus exist in nature in three types designated as type 1, 2 and 3.
while type-2 was eliminated from in india in 1999 and from the world in 2000, it was the type 1 and 3 virus, which were the cause of concerns in india.
for ipv, the three inactivated polio virus strains are mixed whereas for opv, the three vaccines are given as liquid drops.
india, which at one point of time had the worlds highest polio burdens, spent upwards of rs 12,000 crore on polio eradication since 1995, took almost three decades to succeed.
the last polio case (type-1) was reported from west bengal on january 13, 2011.
three years had gone by under the careful watch of the government and a battery of public health workers to ensure the point of no return for polio.
the next tactic is to introduce ipv in routine schedule, with one dose at about the time of 3rd dose of dpt/opv.
we have yet to decide two issues: (1) what if we cannot get high coverage in states with low dpt 3 coverage?
will we need to give ipv by campaigns like we did with measles immunisation?
(2).
how many ipv doses?
one is minimum but is one enough?
wondered t jacob john, a former professor of christian medical college, vellore and one of india's foremost experts on polio.
ideally india would add a dose of ipv to its routine immunisation programme by end-2015 latest, in keeping with the time lines of the global polio endgame, said bruce aylward, assistant director general in the world health organisation, who is in charge of global polio eradication.
the best version of ipv to be produced in india is definitely the sabin-ipv as it is the safest in terms of productions.
who has worked with to establish a technology transfer programme and platform for sabin-ipv and a number of indian producers have already been selected for tech transfer, he said.
but there is a catch 22 situation.
the oral vaccine in rare cases can cause vaccine associated paralytic polio.
a more common problem is vaccine-derived polio virus (vdpv) that regains virulence through mutations and spread like the wild one.
india had 21 vdpv cases in 2009, five in 2010 ad seven in 2011.
last year, there were 5 vdpv cases in india, out of which one died.
polio can be eradicated completely only when vapp and vdpv cases are eradicated.
this is difficult to achieve as opv has to be discontinued first to stop vapp.
without any opv, the circulating vdpv cases that are kept under control by the opv will spread and cause outbreaks.
its a hobson's choice for the policymakers as eradication means no polio virus.
vdpvs are a risk to a global polio free world.
but an essential part of the polio endgame strategy is to begin phasing out the opv strains to eventually eliminate the risk of vdpvs altogether, said aylward.
new delhi:dec 8, 2015, dhns: 1:27 istinvoking late prime minister indira gandhi, a combative congress president sonia gandhi and son rahul on tuesday decided to appear before the trial court on december 19 to face charges of cheating and misappropriation of funds while taking control of the now defunct national herald.
i am the daughter-in-law of indira gandhi.
i am not scared of anyone or anything, sonia told reporters in parliament when asked to comment on the national herald case filed by bjp leader subramanian swamy.
the lawyers of gandhis had initially said they would approach the supreme court challenging the delhi high court order that had upheld the summons issued to the gandhis, and motilal vora, oscar fernandes, suman dubey and sam pitroda.
on a visit to flood-ravaged regions of tamil nadu, rahul dared the modi government to do whatever they wanted to do.
this is the way central government functions.
i absolutely see a political vendetta, he said.
the congress vice president said he would not back off an inch and would continue to oppose the modi government.
rejecting allegations of political vendetta, finance minister arun jaitley said the government had nothing to do with the national herald case.
a private complaint was lodged.
the high court has dismissed their case and asked them to go and face trial.
nobody in this country has immunity from law.
they can challenge the orders in a higher court or face proceedings, jaitley told reporters here.
the sudden decision of the gandhis to appear before the trial court was apparently inspired by indira gandhis arrest in a jeep scandal in 1977.
it was an action of the then janata party government that earned her the sympathy of voters.
minutes after telling the magistrate that the gandhis would appear before the trial court on a date of its convenience, the congress went out all guns blazing against the modi government for hounding opposition leaders for not toeing their line.
not only soniaji and rahulji, this government has targeted several of our leaders, including himachal chief minister virbhadra singh, ashok gehlot, shankarsinh vaghela and sachin pilot, senior congress leader kapil sibal said here.
that is the truth of the matter and any political party which says it wants a congress mukt bharat is destined to fail and is essentially undemocratic.
it is the people of india who will ensure the return of the congress party with a bang as they have done in the past and the tide against the bjp has already started, sibal said.
randeep surjewala, in-charge of the aicc media department, said prime minister narendra modi had invited this political battle.
this is no longer a mere legal battle.
we will also fight it politically, surjewala said.
ashish tripathi , dec 7, 2015, new delhi: dhns: 2:16 isthc rejects plea to stay summonscongress president sonia gandhi and vice-president rahul gandhi suffered a setback on monday after the delhi high court dismissed their pleas against summons issued in a case of alleged irregularities in the acquisition of a daily, national herald.
this court finds that the ingredients of the offences alleged are not lacking and sufficient ground to proceed against petitioners certainly exists, justice sunil gaur said, as he refused to grant them exemption from appearing before the trial court on tuesday.
justifying summons also issued against other congress functionaries motilal vora, suman dubey and sampitroda , the judge further said: questionable conduct of petitioners needs to be properly examined at the charge stage (to come later) to find out the truth and so, these criminal proceedings cannot be thwarted at this initial stage.
the court noted that the modus operandi adopted by petitioners in taking control of associated journals private ltd (ajl) via a special purpose vehicle young india private company (yil), particularly when the main persons in congress party, ajl and yi are the same, evidences a criminal intent.
the summons order was passed on june 26 last year on a petition by bjp leader subramanian swamy, who had alleged cheating and breach of trust in the acquisition of ajl, publisher of national herald, by a company called young indian limited, in which the gandhis reportedly hold shares.
the circulation and financial health of national herald, started in 1938 by jawaharlal nehru, steadily deteriorated over decades, leading to its closure in 2008 with a debt of rs 90 crore.
swamy had accused the congress of loaning this money to ajl and then assigning the debt to yil for rs 50 lakh, a transaction that the bjp leader said amounted to cheating and a breach of trust.
on his complaint, the trial court had directed the six accused, including congress general secretary oscar fernandes, dubey, pitroda and two directors of yil, to appear before it.
the congress said it would challenge the high court order before the supreme court because of several legal deficiencies in the verdict.
party spokesperson abhishek singhvi said: we have an open and shut case.
there have been several legal deficiencies.
we have unassailable arguments, he told reporters, while making it clear that the party will not only challenge (before the apex court), but will take all legal recourse and avenues.
meanwhile, swamy filed a caveat before the supreme court seeking a hearing before passing any order in the case.
the matter is likely to be mentioned before the apex court on tuesday.
create jobs, don't seek jobs, sampitroda to youngstersmysore, march 22, 2014, dhns: 0:43 istchairman of natl innovative council wants youth to be enterprenuerschairman of the national innovation council sampitroda , on saturday, called upon the younger generation to build careers on the citadel of the rich past, turning into job givers rather than job seekers.
addressing a gathering of academicians and students, after inaugurating the golden jubilee auditorium of sri jayachamarajendra college of engineering (sjce), in the city, sam, who is revered for bringing revolutionary changes in the field of telecommunication, exhorted the youth to explore avenues on their own.
stating that the current generation is introduced to the nitty gritty of technological advancements from their birth itself, sam said, the need of the hour is to create conducive atmosphere to encourage the already gifted brains.
annually, there is a demand for 10 to 15 million jobs and the employment can be ensured only by creating the a new stream of entrepreneurs.
citing the example of his three-year-old granddaughter who reaches out to him (sam) through skype daily, sam said, such are the youngsters today, for whom teaching a thing or two about computers in schools may sound monotonous.
instead, teachers should turn into mentors, incorporating technology in the field of education.
sam said, it is high time a paradigm shift is brought in the field of education too, with 550 million youth below the age of 25 years, forming a major chunk of the population.
the major challenge is to provide them jobs, skills and opportunities.
education is the key.
by imparting education one can be brought out of the scourge of poverty.
sam wondered how can brainy people be engaged in solving the problems of the poor, when they prefer to work for the rich.
apart from obtaining conventional education, by getting a degree after four years, people should continue to acquire knowledge.
or else, they will become obsolete.
citing his own example, sam said: at the age of 72, my quest for enriching knowledge remains the same.
on technology, sam said, the present government has done much in the last 10 years, but there is a general feeling that nothing has progressed.
it is due to the lack of communication.
gandhis to appear in court todaynew delhi, dec 18, 2015, dhns: 1:47 istcongress plans massive show of strength in delhicongress activists are expected to put up a massive show of strength in the national capital on saturday when party president sonia gandhi and her son rahul gandhi appear before a trial court in the national herald case.
congress mps have been asked to stay put in delhi and leaders from neighbouring states have been mobilising forces to express solidarity with the leadership in trying times.
sonia is expected to address a meeting of party mps at the aicc headquarters at 1 pm on saturday, a couple of hours before she drives down to the patiala courts complex to appear before metropolitan magistrate loveleen on a complaint filed by bjp leader subramanian swamy.
however, the show of strength by the congress is expected to be near the party headquarters and a march to the court is unlikely.
sonia, rahul, senior leaders motilal vora and oscar fernandes and close associate suman dubey and sampitroda are expected to drive down to the court in their respective vehicles.
we are open to availing all legal remedies and options, including bail, randeep singh surjewala, chairman of the aicc communication department, said when asked whether sonia and rahul would apply for bail.
surjewala said the congress leadership does not want the court process to be interfered with or influenced in any manner and so the party has asked workers not to come to the court.
the party has been maintaining so far that a decision would be taken in accordance with the advice of lawyers.
unnecessary hype over a routine procedure need not be created by the media.
we are proceeding in every manner in accordance with the law, senior counsel abhishek manu singhvi, who is representing the gandhis, said.
congress sources said bail bonds of rs 5 lakh each have been prepared for all the six accused in the case.
new delhi, feb 11, 2016, (pti): 18:32 istthe supreme court today said it will consider the pleas of congress president sonia gandhi and rahul gandhi that their appeals against the delhi high court verdict, refusing to quash summons issued to them in the national herald case, be heard tomorrow.
a bench comprising chief justice t s thakur and justice r banumathi assured senior advocate kapial sibal, representing the gandhis, by saying we will look into it.
sibal said subramanian swamy, the bjp leader who has filed the criminal complaint against the upa chairperson and five others, had earlier agreed to february 12, the scheduled date of hearing, and now he is saying he is not available till february 19.
the gandhis and other co-accused may now have to appear again before the magisterial court here on february 20 if they fail to get any interim relief, on the issue of their personal presence, from the apex court.
earlier, the congress president, her son rahul, suman dubey and sampitroda had filed appeals in the apex court against the high court verdict in the case.
the high court had on december 7, 2015 not only refused to quash the summons issued to the congress leaders, but had also made scathing observations on their questionable conduct regarding how they took control of the publication.
subsequently, the gandhis and others had appeared before a patiala house court on december 19 last year when they were granted bail.
the high court, while refusing the plea of gandhis and others, had said, questionable conduct of petitioners needs to be properly examined at the charge stage to find out the truth and so, these criminal proceedings cannot be thwarted at this initial stage.
along with the gandhis, five other accused--suman dubey, moti lal vora, oscar fernandes, sampitroda and young india ltd--had challenged the summons issued to them by a trial court on a complaint by swamy against them for alleged cheating and misappropriation of funds in taking control of the now-defunct daily.
swamy had accused sonia, rahul and others of conspiring to cheat and misappropriate funds by just paying rs 50 lakh by which yi obtained the right to recover rs 90.
25 crore which the ajl had owed to the congress party.
sonia, rahul, vora (aicc treasurer), fernandes (aicc general secretary), dubey and pitroda were summoned under sections 403 (dishonest misappropriation of property), 406 (criminal breach of trust) and 420 (cheating) read with section 120b (criminal conspiracy) of the ipc.
the trial court had on june 26, 2014 asked them to appear before it on august 7, 2014 but the order was stayed on august 6 by the delhi high court which on december 7, 2015 vacated the stay by rejecting plea to quash the complaint and summons.
according to swamy's complaint, all of them were directors of young indian ltd (yi), a company that was incorporated in 2010 and which took over the debt of associated journals ltd (ajl), the publisher of national herald.
bsnl's rs 30,000-cr cash pile reduces to rs 2,500 cr in fy11new delhi, mar 25, 2012 (pti) 21:05 istdragged down by payments for 3g, bwa spectrum auction and higher expenses, state-run telecom firm bsnl's cash reserve dwindled to rs 2,500 crore in 2010- 2011 from a hefty rs 30,000 crore two years back.
as per the audited books of account, cash reserve of bsnl has gone down from rs 30,343 crore as on march 31, 2010 to rs 2,500 crore on march 31, 2011, telecom minister kapil sibal told lok sabha in a written reply.
bsnl incurred net losses of rs 6,384 crore during the financial year ended on march 31, 2010, he added.
the main reasons attributed for the steep decline were payment of rs 18,500 crore towards 3g spectrum and broadband wireless access (bwa) spectrum auction price and payment of rs 5,301 crore to lic towards group leave encashment scheme.
payment of rs 2,900 crore on implementation of revised pay scale and rs 392 crore in tax liabilities also added to the burden of the telecom firm, he added.
decline in revenue and increasing expenditure resulted in losses for the telecom firm, sibal said.
stiff competition from private operators and decreasing average revenue per user accounted for decline in revenues, while increased expenditure resulted from large legacy work force whose wages accounted for 50 per cent of the revenue, he said.
in response to another query, minister of state for communications and it milind deora said bsnl had rs 5,231 crore as outstanding dues from customers as on november 30, 2011.
the company has recovered rs 988 crore against the outstanding dues in the same period.
bsnl has sought continuation of support from the government towards rural wireline connections on phasing out of access deficit charge (adc).
telecom regulatory authority of india (telecom regulator) has made an interim recommendation of rs 600 crore as support, he said.
struggling to survive in the highly competitive telecom sector, bsnl had offered to surrender its bwa spectrum to the government after its plans to rollout wimax-based services using these airwaves through a franchisee model flopped.
the government had also appointed sampitroda , an advisor to the prime minister on infrastructure, to give a report on restructuring the psu.
the panel in its report recommended a 30 per cent divestment in the company and voluntary retirement for 100,000 employees among others.
unlisted bsnl has over three lakh employees.
sibal said the government is taking various steps to improve the financial health of the company.
consolidation of infrastructure, strengthening of revenue streams through focus on broadband and enterprise business, focus on customer care and push on data usage are some steps the company is taking in this regard, he said.
new delhi, feb 20, 2016 (pti) 16:21 istcongress president sonia gandhi, her son rahul gandhi and other accused in the national herald case today told a delhi court that bjp leader subramanian swamy should first satisfy it about the relevance of documents which were ordered to be summoned from various ministries in the matter.
senior advocate kapil sibal, appearing for the gandhis, told metropolitan magistrate lovleen that complainant swamy will have to show as to how these documents summoned by the court on january 11 were relevant to the case.
sibal told the court that the order has been challenged before the high court by motilal vora, an accused in the case, and the high court has issued a notice to swamy on the plea.
the lawyers representing the accused also told the court that these documents should be kept in a sealed cover till the issue is decided by the high court.
opposing the contentions, swamy told the court that the documents, which were placed before the magistrate today, were related to associated journal ltd (ajl) and they were required for the case.
during the hearing, in which media was not allowed, swamy argued that although the high court has issued a notice on vora's plea it had not stayed the order summoning documents from these ministries.
the magistrate, after hearing the submissions, reserved his order on the plea moved by the accused persons for 4 pm today.
the court granted bail to co-accused sampitroda , who appeared before it today, on a personal bond of rs 50,000 and a surety of the like amount.
the gandhis and other three accused - motilal vora, oscar fernandes and suman dubey- were today granted exemption from personal appearance by the court as per the supreme court's february 12 order.
the magistrate has now fixed the matter for march 21 considering that the petition filed before the high court is likely to be heard on march 15.
the court had on january 11 allowed swamy's plea seeking summoning of documents from the ministries of finance, urban development and corporate affairs, income tax department and other agencies in the case.
the court had on december 19, 2015, granted bail to sonia gandhi, rahul gandhi, motilal vora, oscar fernandes and suman dubey, who had appeared before pursuant to the summons issued earlier.
the case is based on a private criminal complaint lodged by swamy against them of cheating, conspiracy and criminal breach of trust.
the supreme court had last week granted exemption to sonia gandhi from personal appearance in the trial court and also expunged some observations of the high court but refused to interfere with criminal proceedings before the lower court.
the apex court, while allowing the plea of gandhis, had also said it would be open to the magistrate at any stage to seek their personal appearance, as and when required.
sonia, rahul, vora (aicc treasurer), fernandes (aicc general secretary), dubey and pitroda were summoned under sections 403 (dishonest misappropriation of property), 406 (criminal breach of trust) and 420 (cheating) read with section 120b (criminal conspiracy) of the ipc.
the trial court had on june 26, 2014 asked them to appear before it on august 7, 2014 but the order was stayed on august 6, 2014 by the delhi high court which on december 7, last year vacated the stay by rejecting the plea to quash the complaint and the summons.
on december 15, 2014, the high court had further stayed the summons till final disposal of the petitions.
along with the gandhis, five other accused -- suman dubey, moti lal vora, oscar fernandez, sampitroda and young india ltd -- had challenged the summons issued to them by trial court on swamy's complaint.
herald case: swamy opposes plea against trial court ordernew delhi, mar 15, 2016 (pti) 16:44 istbjp leader subramanian swamy today opposed in the delhi high court the pleas seeking to set aside trial court order allowing summoning of documents from ministries of finance and corporate affairs, income tax department and other agencies in the national herald case.
swamy told justice p s teji that he would not file a reply on the petitions filed by aicc treasurer motilal vora and young india ltd (yi) as they have no locus in the issue.
this is a matter of law.
the fact of matter is that there is no locus standi of petitioners.
there are judgements.
i will not file any reply, he told the court.
the bench, which today formally issued a notice to swamy, has now fixed the matter for arguments on april 4.
it has been submitted by the petitioner that formal notice was not issued to respondent (swamy) on the last date of hearing.
let formal notice be issued.
.
.
.
subramanian swamy accepted the notice and submits that he will not file any reply, the bench said.
vora and yi have sought stay on operation of the trial court's january 11 order.
the petitions filed through senior advocates r s cheema and rebecca john have said that the trial court has not heard them and the order passed on swamy's plea was ex-parte.
swamy has sought all documents but no specific period has been mentioned in his application before the trial court and still his plea was allowed, cheema had contended, adding that the january 11 trial court order must be quashed or set aside.
swamy's plea seeking summoning of documents from the ministry of urban development, delhi development authority and registrar of companies was allowed by the trial court.
the trial court had on december 19, 2015, granted bail to congress president sonia gandhi, her son rahul gandhi and three others-- motilal vora, oscar fernandes and suman dubey-- who had appeared in the court pursuant to summons issued earlier.
sam pitroda, another accused, was granted bail later on after he had appeared before the trial court.
sonia, rahul, vora, fernandes (aicc general secretary), dubey and pitroda were summoned under sections 403 (dishonest misappropriation of property), 406 (criminal breach of trust) and 420 (cheating) read with section 120b(criminal conspiracy) of the ipc.
the case is based on a private criminal complaint lodged by swamy against them of cheating, conspiracy and criminal breach of trust.
all the accused have denied the allegations levelled against them by swamy.
pitroda says not modi but rajiv gandhi started digital indiamumbai, oct 20 , 2015, (pti) 22:44 istnoted technocrat sampitroda , who is credited as the father of the nation's telecom revolution, today flayed the narendra modi government for snatching away all the credit for the digital revolution started by rajiv gandhi, saying modi did not initiate the digital india drive.
modi didn't start digital india.
.
.
it's a journey which started 25 years ago and it will take 20 more years, pitroda, who was roped in by the then prime minister rajiv gandhi in 1984 as head of the telecom commission, said while launching his autobiography 'dreaming big: my journey to connect india', here this evening.
the book was launched by reliance industries chairman mukesh ambani, who showered praise on pitroda crediting his friend, philosopher and guide and daring dreamer to be a pioneer of telecom revolution.
pitorda saw the future and had a hand in creating it, he said.
an aggrieved pitroda said, digital india was started in rajiv gandhi's time with the launch of the national informatics centre.
launched in july 2015, the digital india initiative is an attempt by the modi government to ensure that public services are made available to all electronically by improving online infrastructure and by increasing internet connectivity.
warning the present generation from getting carried away with the ongoing high decibel campaign by the current administration, pitroda said, digital india is not a novel concept, let's not get carried away.
it takes decades of work to create a digital india, and doesn't happen overnight.
however, the technocrat said he was glad that the modi administration is pushing for digital india with vigour.
at the launch of the book in the capital yesterday (by ex-prime minister manmohan singh and congress leader rahul gandhi) pitroda said to ensure the success of the 'make in india' the government has to build infrastructure like good roads, power and have skilled labour.
satyanarayan gangaram pitroda, popularly known as sampitroda , was born in a remote orissa village called titilagarh in may 1942 and is a telecom engineer, inventor, entrepreneur and policymaker.
pitroda led the telecom revolution under rajiv gandhi when he set up the nci and worked on the knowledge commission and also founded c-dot.
gandhi roped him to these roles when he was working in the us's tech industry.
a key policy maker when it came to technology during gandhi's tenure, pitroda played a key role in the telecom revolution.
he also headed the knowledge commission during the tenure of manmohan singh.
his other books include 'the march of mobile money: the future of lifestyle management, 'exploding freedom: roots in technology education'.
biotech incubation centre at uas in dharwadnew delhi: jan 23, 2014 dhns 3:10 istthe university of agricultural sciences in dharwad is one of the five state varsities that will be funded by the centre to set up a biotechnology incubation centre where students will be encouraged to form start-up ventures and solve industrial problems.
anna university, chennai; punjab university, chandigarh; tamil nadu agriculture university, coimbatore and university of rajasthan, jaipur are the other four universities that will receive monetary aid from the biotechnology industry research assistance council (birac) and national innovation council, headed by sam pitroda.
seed moneyeach university would receive rs 1.
5 crore-rs 2 crore as the seed money to set up the centre and provide a monthly fellowship of rs 50,000 for a phd student and rs 25,000 for a msc student.
the scheme will be in operation for three years at the moment, renu swarup, managing director of birac told deccan herald.
the university will share its infrastructure and resources to set up these centres, where commercially attractive ideas will be nurtured and scaled up to the industrial level.
the industry, when it comes on board, can top up the fellowship as well as the research grant, she said.
the uas, dharwad will focus on developing agriculture products.
25 universitiesin the next three years, we plan to expand the incubation facility in as many as 25 universities, said k vijayraghavan, secretary in the department of biotechnology.
indian institutes of technology and indian institute of sciences, bangalore have incubation facility to encourage post-graduate and post doctoral students to take up entrepreneurship.
but most of the state universities are deprived of these centres.
sam pitroda, former advisor to the prime minister, visited sahyadri college of engineering and management and interacted with students and staff.
speaking on the occasion, he said that the current education system needs to be changed.
it is the next big challenge for the country.
the world we live in is very obsolete.
information is being democratised.
everything is available, yet we dont know how to use it.
to learn something, you just need motivation, time and content.
if you have enough motivation and time, you can get surplus amount of content on the internet and you can learn whatever you want, he said.
pitroda called upon the students to face the unknown, redefine self and be creative.
bhandary foundation chairman manjunath bhandary said sampitroda journey of life is an inspiration.
he also said that during the setting-up process of sahyadri college of engineering and management, he had approached sampitroda for advice and he was very clear that an institution should be 1 out of 100 and not 99 out of 100.
off the recordlast updated: 03 april, 201110, janpaths cricket frenzya day after team indias spectacular win in the world cup final in mumbai, the ambiance at 10, janpath, was truly soaked in frenzy.
it actually began with the usual reticent lady of the house, sonia gandhi, leaving for mohali with her son rahul in tow to watch the semi-final against pakistan.
she erupted in joy and flung her arms wide when virat kohli took the skier from misbah-ul-haq.
but the reserved congress chief preferred to watch the match at home, though her son rahul, was at wankhede, watching the match in the company of friends.
minutes after the dhoni sixer that ended the nail-biting final match, passersby at the busy ito crossing in the national capital found her greeting revellers and shaking hands with them.
for once, she was allowed to take part in the celebrations by the special protection group that gives her family z category security cover.
with a large number of people on the roads celebrating, sonia graciously agreed to get photographed with them.
she also advised the revellers to drive carefully  not to mix driving with joy and alcohol.
kalyan ray, new delhisibal-pitroda knowledge warhuman resource development minister kapil sibal is facing opposition to his proposed education reforms from unexpected quarters.
after facing strong political resistance to his prescription for reforming the education system, national innovation council chairman sampitroda has launched a fresh broadside.
pitrodas opposition is not on one or two counts.
he wants the entire system trashed.
pitrodas opposition to the survey on higher education launched by the hrd ministry has been so strong that at point in time many in the corridors of power thought that sibal would be forced to withdraw it.
sibal, however, stuck to his guns and his ministry is pursuing the survey aggressively.
this had led ministry bureaucrats to wonder whether the sibal-pitroda stand off is simply a war of words or something more.
according to insiders, pitroda wants the recommendations of the knowledge commission, of which he was the chairman earlier, implemented.
one insider said this would not be possible because sibal has his own ideas.
which means the knowledge war between the two could get prolonged.
anil sinha, new delhichanging coloursnitish kumars antipathy for gujarat chief minister narendra modi is well-known.
so it took many by surprise when he supported the ban imposed by the gujarat government on great soul: mahatma gandhi and his struggle with india by joseph lelyveld.
nitish said, the book is the product of a mind gone horribly wrong.
some people have started writing derogatory things about the mahatma just to gain publicity.
a person like gandhiji is born once in a thousand years.
writing uncharitable things about him is an indication of a pervert mindest.
this is the second time in a fortnight that nitish has showered encomiums on gandhi.
recently, during president pratibha patils patna visit, nitish said that it was a matter of debate whether indias freedom struggle would have begun in right earnest had gandhiji not visited bihars champaran in 1917 to launch a non-violent satyagrah (also called the indigo movement) against the british.
he seems to have changed tack.
these days he praises gandhi more than his mentor jaya prakash narayan, quipped one of his closest jd(u) leader.
national herald case: cong to challenge hc order in scnew delhi, dec 7, 2015, (pti) 18:05 istthe delhi high court order dismissing pleas against summons issued to sonia and rahul gandhi in the national herald case will be challenged in the supreme court tomorrow, the congress said today claiming several legal deficiencies in the verdict.
party spokesman abhishek singhvi, who is the senior advocate representing the vice president, brushed aside suggestions that it was a major setback for them in the case filed by bjp leader subramanian swamy.
these things are subjective.
.
.
we have an open and shut case.
there have been several legal deficiencies.
we have unassailable arguments, he told reporters making it clear that the party will not only challenge, but will take all legal recourses and avenues.
we believe there is substantive merit in the quashing petition (against summons) that we had filed.
no one has ever complained of being cheated in this matter, he said.
but a person with no locus, dr subramanian swamy, alleges that, though he himself has not been cheated, an offence of cheating has occurred.
so, we are raising the issue of locus standi in a very big way.
there are many other legal grounds, singhvi said.
we are clear that we intend to challenge it (high court order) on all recourse available, at appropriate forum.
we intend to seek a continuation of the exemption (from personal appearance) and stay (on proceedings) which has been continued for over a year when the matter was pending in the high court, he said.
singhvi said it was not a case of cheating.
how does it become a case of cheating, we fail to understand.
.
.
which is the challenge which led to the stay of over one year, he said.
contending that no cheating has taken place in the case, he said that the control of associated journals which was brining national herald has been passed to a new company young india set up under sec 25 of the companies act.
noting that office bearers of the congress were in charge of the national herald earlier and they remained the same in the new company, he wondered as to where had the cheating taken place as alleged.
besides, he said that the associated journals ltd still had the ownership rights of the movable and immovable assets and there was no change in that.
singhvi's reaction came close on the heels of the high court order dismissed the pleas of the gandhis challenging summons issued to them in the national herald case in which they have to appear before the trial court tomorrow.
the gandhis and the other five accused--suman dubey, moti lal vohra, oscar fernandez, sampitroda and young india ltd--will have to appear in the trial court tomorrow, before which the case will come up.
the summons were issued on a criminal complaint lodged by swamy for alleged cheating and misappropriation of funds in acquiring ownership of now-defunct daily national herald.
cabinet okays three more private varsity proposalsbangalore, jan 31, 2013, dhns: 1:14 istthe state cabinet on thursday gave in-principle approval to set up three more private universities, despite facing criticism from the opposition parties and certain students organisations against the move.
the three universities  presidency private university of a h memorial trust, jnanadhara private university of cmr jnanadhara trust and institute for transdisciplinary health sciences and technology of the foundation for revitalisation of local health traditions (frlht)  are planned to come up on the outskirts of bangalore.
with this, the total number of private universities will increase to 18 in the state.
while presidency private university and institute for transdisciplinary health sciences and technology are proposed to come up near yelahanka, jnanadhara private university is planned to be set up in hesaraghatta hobli.
the private universities will come up only after fulfilling conditions laid down by the government.
they include availability of land and seat sharing.
the government has taken enough steps to regulate them (private universities).
a separate bill to set up these universities will be tabled in the state legislature, law minister suresh kumar told reporters after the cabinet meeting.
the government had secured approval of the state legislature for 13 private university bills in the winter session held in belgaum in december 2012.
the bills were approved after opposition parties boycotted the house.
hence, there was no discussion on any of the bills.
the opposition parties had smelt a rat on the governments move, while students organisations opposed, fearing that there would be no control over the management of these universities.
they want clear guidelines on the fee structure, reservations in admission for students from socially and economically backward sections of the society and the government to have a say over the running of these universities.
the minister said, the institute for transdisciplinary health sciences and technology is a research university on integrative medicine and will come up on a 50-acre land owned by frlht, which is run by sam pitroda.
unlike other universities, only research activities will be conducted here, he said.
the bjp government, which is sanctioning permission to set up private universities in good numbers, has bypassed the karnataka higher education council this time too, while clearing the proposal for the institute for transdisciplinary health sciences and technology.
the file pertaining to this particular institute was brought in hurriedly at the cabinet meeting, it is said.
suresh kumar said the cabinet has approved a proposal to set up apex creativity campuses in shimoga, bidar, bijapur and bagalkot districts to develop interest in core science among students in government schools.
hubli-based agastya foundation will set up these campuses in association with the education department at a cost of rs 14 crore, the minister said.
solar parksagatuer ventures india private limited, a taiwanese firm, has come forward to set up a solar park with a capacity to generate 200 mega watt (mw) of solar energy at challakere in chitradurga district.
the government will provide 1,000 acres of land to the firm on lease, charging rs 6,700 per acre per year as lease rent, he said.
other decisions* upgrading the proposed hubli-dharwad bus rapid transit corridor from four-lane to six-lane* to increase the capacity of bannimantap parade grounds in mysore, where dasara torchlight parade is conducted, from 22,000 to 32,000* to release rs 22 crore for the construction of an international level convention hall at gkvk campus on the outskirts of bangalore* introduction of negative marking system in the karnataka gazetted probationers examinations* announcement of state support price of rs 250 per quintal of paddy and rs 650 per quintal of tur.
sena praises manmohan, says can't forget his contributionmumbai, sep 29, 2015, pti: 13:26 istthe shiv sena today sought to play down the praise lavished on prime minister narendra modi over attracting foreign investments, saying the contributions of p v narsimha rao and manmohan singh towards bolstering india's economy can't be forgotten.
though prime minister narendra modi is immensely popular in foreign countries, people like narsimha rao and manmohan singh laid the foundation of india's economic progress and opened the country's gates for other nations.
how can we forget their contribution?
the sena said in its mouthpiece 'saamana'.
the comment from the party, which is an ally of the bjp-led government at the centre and in maharashtra, comes in the backdrop of modi's address to the indian diaspora yesterday where the pm deprecated the culture of graft in the country in a veiled attack on corruption in the upa regime.
in our country it doesn't take much for allegations to come up against politicians.
.
.
someone made 50 crores, someone's son made 250 crores, (someone's) daughter made 500 crores, (someone's) damaad (son-in-law) made 1000 crores.
.
.
modi had said.
the sena said that both the formers prime ministers gave a direction to the country's economy when it was in a bad shape.
though manmohan singh believed in an ideology not similar to ours, we have to accept he wanted the best for our nation, the sena said.
the party further said that a revolution in doordarshan and the telecommunication sector first happened during the regime of prime minister indira gandhi, which was carried forward by her successor and son rajiv gandhi.
doordarshan started telecasting its programmes pan-india since 1982.
it was on august 15, 1982 that indira gandhi's independence day address to the nation was first telecasted on dd in colour, sena said.
later, it was rajiv gandhi who brought an era of computers and ensured that every village had phone and std booths.
he and his advisor sampitroda are known as the architects of indian telecommunication sector, the sena added.
bjp leader subramanian swamy and congress president rahul gandhi on saturday accused each other in a delhi court of wasting its time and delaying the trial in the national herald case.
complainant swamy and the accused, including rahul gandhi and his mother sonia gandhi, traded charges before additional chief metropolitan magistrate samar vishal who was hearing arguments on applications moved by the bjp mp seeking certain documents from the congress party.
swamy has also filed certain documents in the case and sought a direction to the gandhis to either admit or deny whether they were original.
the bjp leader, in a private criminal complaint, has accused the gandhis and others of conspiring to cheat and misappropriate funds by paying just rs 50 lakh, through which young indian pvt ltd (yi) obtained the right to recover rs 90.
25 crore that associate journals ltd owed to the congress.
they (gandhis) had submitted various documents in the supreme court.
now, i am asking them to confront the documents (in this court).
the accused should stop wasting the court's time and either admit or deny these documents, swamy said.
the advocates appearing for the gandhis, however, told the court that swamy was wasting its time and delaying the trial by filing unauthenticated documents in the case.
the applications filed by the complainant are not proper.
the documents which the complainant wants to be confronted are neither original nor certified.
the court cannot even look at them.
every time when the complainant has to step into the witness box, he files a new application.
further, he wants summoning of documents but where are the witnesses who will authenticate them?
we will admit or deny the original documents, not the photocopies.
all these documents have been moved with the purpose to delay the trial and they must be dismissed, the defence counsel said.
regarding swamy's submissions that he had found certain documents related to the income tax department, lying along with newspapers at his doorstep, senior advocate ramesh gupta, appearing for some of the accused persons, quipped that it showed the breach in his security.
this is the situation.
he (swamy) is a z-plus security holder and nobody is able to protect his house.
anyone can come and throw something, gupta said.
swamy has filed an application alleging that according to the documents found by him, the i-t department had launched a probe against the accused, also involving yi, after taking note of his complaint in the case.
the gandhis are major stakeholders in yi.
the court later posted the matter for further hearing on may 14.
all the seven accused - the gandhis, motilal vora (aicc treasurer), oscar fernandes (aicc general secretary), suman dubey, sampitroda and yi - have denied the allegations levelled against them in the case.
the court had summoned the accused persons, besides yi, on june 26, 2014.
on december 19, 2015, it had granted bail to sonia gandhi, rahul gandhi, vora, fernandes and dubey, who had appeared before it pursuant to the summonses.
pitroda was granted bail on february 20, 2016, when he had appeared in the court.
sonia gandhi, rahul gandhi, vora, fernandes, dubey and pitroda were summoned for the alleged offences of misappropriation of property, criminal breach of trust and cheating, read with criminal conspiracy of the indian penal code.
a delhi court today dismissed an application by bjp leader subramanian swamy in the national herald case, seeking a direction to congress chief rahul gandhi, his mother sonia gandhi and other accused to either admit or deny if certain documents filed by him were original.
additional chief metropolitan magistrate samar vishal dismissed the plea, saying that none of the accused was stated to be the author of any of the documents.
when the documents themselves are not admissible (the question of relevancy apart) in evidence due to some legal bar, the accused justifies himself legally in his decision to neither admit or deny those documents.
therefore, for the aforesaid reasons mentioned, the application under section 294 crpc for directing accused to admit or deny the documents cannot be allowed, the court said in its order.
the bjp leader, in a private criminal complaint, has accused the gandhis and others of conspiring to cheat and misappropriate funds by paying just rs 50 lakh, through which young indian pvt ltd (yi) obtained the right to recover rs 90.
25 crore that associate journals ltd owed to the congress.
the court also disposed of two other applications filed by swamy -- one seeking certain documents from the congress party and other urging the magistrate to take on record certain documents related to the income tax department -- saying they will be decided on the later stage.
it said that the relevancy and admissibility of the two applications shall be decided at the stage of evidence or judgement as the case may be.
all the seven accused - the gandhis, motilal vora (aicc treasurer), oscar fernandes (aicc general secretary), suman dubey, sampitroda and yi - have denied the allegations levelled against them in the case.
the court had summoned the accused persons, besides yi, on june 26, 2014.
on december 19, 2015, it had granted bail to sonia gandhi, rahul gandhi, vora, fernandes and dubey, who had appeared before it pursuant to the summonses.
pitroda was also granted bail on february 20, 2016 when he had appeared in the court.
sonia gandhi, rahul gandhi, vora, fernandes, dubey and pitroda had been summoned for the alleged offences of misappropriation of property, criminal breach of trust and cheating, read with criminal conspiracy of the indian penal code.
new delhi, dec 19, 2015, pti: 16:31 istcongress president sonia gandhi and her son rahul today sought and got bail in the national herald case after a local court rejected complainant subramanian swamy's opposition to the relief for them on the ground they are influential and can flee the country.
amidst media hype and hoopla and tight security, sonia and rahul and three other accused motilal vora, oscar fernandes and suman dubey appeared before metropolitan magistrate lovleen in the patiala house courts complex in the heart of the capital in pursuance of the summons issued to them on dec 8.
the case is based on a private criminal complaint lodged by swamy against them of cheating, conspiracy and criminal breach of trust.
the accused are reputed persons having deep political grassroots and there is no apprehension that they will flee, the magistrate noted while granting them bail on furnishing personal bond of rs.50,000 each and one surety.
he posted the case for further hearing at 2 pm on february 20, next year.
former prime minister manmohan singh stood surety for sonia, while priyanka vadra gave surety for her brother rahul.
a k antony stood surety for fernandes and ghulam nabi azad and ajay maken for the other accused.
sam pitroda, yet another accused, was granted exemption from personal appearance today on medical grounds.
in his reaction, swamy said all their claims that they would not seek bail proved false.
they said they will not take bail.
what happened now, he told reporters.
earlier, manmohan singh and a host of congress leaders including mallikarjun kharge, ambika soni, shiela dikshit, ashwini kumar, meira kumar arrived at the court complex shortly before the hearing was to commence at 3 pm.
a smiling sonia followed closely by rahul emerged out of the court after 15 minutes of proceedings.
as the proceedings began swamy opposed the bail saying the accused including sonia and rahul are highly influential people and can flee the country and that their passports should be seized and travel restrictions be imposed on them.
a battery of congress lawyers including kapil sibal and abhishek singhvi told the court that these are people who have deep roots in society and they hold high office and do not have any previous charge against them.
the summons were issued by the court on dec 8 after the delhi high court the previous day had refused to quash the summons issued to them earlier to appear as accused.
both sibal and singhvi told reporters after the proceedings that the court rejected swamy's plea and gave bail to the leaders.
it is most unfortunate that swamy sought to impose conditions including restrictions on travel abroad but the court granted unconditional bail, singhvi said.
i don't see the slightest reason for dissatisfaction with the court order, he added.
rejecting congress criticism that he was doing vendetta politics at the behest of congress, swamy said look at the evidence in the case and not vendetta.
i have so many friends (in the bjp).
i am a jan sanghi.
i know them (bjp leaders) personally.
i have not taken an appointment with the prime minister and spoken to him at all about the case, he told reporters.
the magistrate made it clear that no exemption from personal appearance will be granted to any accused for the next date of hearing.
the judge, who held the proceedings in a closed room, asked swamy to bring all relied upon documents in support of his complaint on the next date of hearing.
sonia, rahul, vora (aicc treasurer), fernandes (aicc general secretary), dubey and pitroda were summoned under sections 403 (dishonest misappropriation of property), 406 (criminal breach of trust) and 420 (cheating) read with section 120b (criminal conspiracy) of the ipc.
the trial court had on june 26 last year asked them to appear before it on august 7, 2014 but the order was stayed on august 6, 2014 by the delhi high court which on december 7 this year vacated the stay by rejecting the plea to quash the complaint and the summons.
on december 15, 2014, the court had further stayed the summons till final disposal of the petitions.
swamy has accused them of cheating and misappropriation of funds in acquiring ownership of the now-defunct daily national herald.
all of them were directors of young indian ltd (yi), a company that was incorporated in 2010 and which took over the debt of associated journals ltd (ajl), the publisher of national herald.
swamy had accused sonia and rahul gandhi and others of conspiring to cheat and misappropriate funds by just paying rs 50 lakh by which yi obtained the right to recover rs 90.
25 crore which the ajl had owed to the congress party.
along with the gandhis, five other accused -- suman dubey, moti lal vora, oscar fernandez, sampitroda and young india ltd -- had challenged the summons issued to them by trial court on swamy's complaint.
sonia, rahul get breather in herald casenew delhi, dec 8, 2015, dhns: 0:36 istcongress president sonia gandhi and vice-president rahul gandhi on tuesday got breather from a delhi court which granted them exemption from appearance before it in the national herald case.
the court, however, directed both the leaders and others to appear before it on december 19 in the complaint case filed by bjp leader subramanian swamy.
a day after rejection of their challenge to the summons by the delhi high court, congress leaders and other party functionaries like motilal vora, oscar fernandez, suman dubey and sampitroda were expected to approach the apex court as per the declaration by their counsel but instead they preferred to approach the trial court in the morning.
senior advocate abhishek m singhvi, appearing for the top leaders, submitted before metropolitan magistrate lovleen that they were keen to appear before the court but could not do so due to prior engagements.
please give us a date of your choice and that of the convenience of dr subramanian swamy, he submitted.
swamy, on his part, submitted that there are seven accused in the case and date was fixed in september itself for their appearance.
he pointed out: accused number 2 (rahul gandhi) has left for chennai this morning.
the metropolitan magistrate told the counsel for all the accused to appear before the court on the next date of hearing on december 19.
make sure that all the accused appear on december 19.
i am giving exemption from personal appearance only for today.
dont come in the morning on december 19.
you come at 3 pm, the magistrate said.
during the brief hearing, the court asked the counsel if the hcs judgment was available on the net.
swamy furnished the copy of the verdict.
the trial court had on june 26, 2014, issued summons against sonia, rahul, vora, fernandez, dubey and pitroda in the case.
the delhi hc, which had earlier stayed the summons, on monday rejected their plea.
it had said the ingredients of the offences are not lacking and sufficient grounds to proceed against petitioners did certainly exist.
sc refuses to quash complaint against gandhis in herald casenew delhi, feb 13,2016, dhns 2:30 istthe supreme court on friday rejected the gandhis plea seeking quashing of criminal prosecution in the national herald case, but exempted them from appearing before the trial court.
a bench of justices j s khehar and c nagappan also directed for expunction of certain firm conclusions recorded by the delhi high court in its december 7 order.
the high court had rejected congress president sonia gandhi and party vice-president rahul gandhis plea for quashing the complaint and observed that the accused had a questionable conduct, smacking of criminality in the case having a fraudulent flavour.
the bench also allowed a plea by congress leaders, including motilal vora, sampitroda and suman dubey, seeking exemption from personal appearance before the magistrate on february 20 and on future dates, but clarified that they can be summoned as and when required.
their presence during hearing before the trial court would create more inconvenience than convenience and accordingly they shall be exempted from personal appearance, the bench said.
the congress claimed it would now have an opportunity to expose the false and malicious complaint filed by bjp leader subramanian swamy.
appearing for the congress leaders, senior lawyers kapil sibal, abhishek manu singhvi and r s cheema contended before the court that there cannot be any public interest in a case with charges of cheating and criminal breach of trust.
they claimed swamy had no locus as he is neither a victim nor a deceived person.
they also submitted that nobody with links to the associated journal limitedthe publisher of national heraldor the congress has complained.
advising the counsel to raise all issues before the magistrate, the bench observed that the apex court had very limited scope to interject at this stage.
let there be a fair trial.
you will have ample opportunities to say all this at the stage of charge framing.
you cannot come here directly.
we hereby permit the petitioners to raise all the issues that are open to them at the stage of framing of the charges, the bench stated.
insofar as the determination rendered by the high court, in rejecting the prayer for quashing the proceedings against the petitioners is concerned, we find no justification in interfering therewith, the bench said.
pitroda bets on 8  plus gdp growthbangalore, june 20, 2013, dhns: 2:02 istadvisor to prime minister sampitroda , on thursday, said he was confident that indias growth rate would continue to be at around eight per cent or more.
addressing a gathering here through skype from his new delhi office, he said: i believe we (india) will continue to grow at eight per cent and above for more time to come.
technology will be key and i am glad that our young are participating in entrepreneurship.
he said future depends on generating jobs for the young and not the young taking up jobs.
pitroda was addressing a host of students, companies and representatives of the government of karnataka participating at manthan a business development event organised by federation of karnataka chamber of commerce and industry (fkcci).
we will need to generate 10-15 million jobs annually from now on, and the government is not going to generate this.
we need youngsters to become innovators and entrepreneurs, even outside the spectrum of telecom and information technology, he said.
the need for innovation, he said, was in healthcare, education among others.
he urged the government to simplify procedures to create an ecosystem conducive for entrepreneurship.
india has innovation, but we do not have entrepreneurs, and that is because we do not have such an ecosystem, he said.
fkcci president k shiva shanmugam said: over 140 students had presented 58 abstracts of which 12 were shortlisted.
a bangalore teams presentationgreen cow feed additiveswas adjudged best.
oppn accuses govt of mobilising students for rahul interactionbangalore, feb 15, 2014, dhns : 1:25 istprincipal secretary claims he was doing his dutyseveral questions were raised on saturday, over the involvement of the state machinery in the organisation of a students interaction with aicc vice president rahul gandhi, also an mp, at the central college, bangalore.
while the opposition has argued that the state government was being used by the congress party in organising the event, top officials in the government state that it was doing so at the behest of the centre.
mount carmel college, jyothi nivas college, government arts college, government science college, vijaya sjp polytechnic college and sksjti engineering college, were some of the colleges that took part in the programme.
sources in the government said that last month, a letter was dispatched to the government by sampitroda , the chairperson for the national knowledge commission, seeking the state to organise a students interaction for the commission.
accordingly, the state abided by the nkc directions and organised the event which the saw participation of rahul gandhi and also involved commission member nandan nilekani.
top government officials stated that they had to organise the programme as the directions came from a powerful person such as pitroda.
responding to a question raised by deccan herald, higher education principal secretary rajneesh goel said: what is going on inside is a government event and we are just doing our duty.
he was camping outside the programme venue.
close to 640 students from 10 to 12 colleges, of whom 120 students were from technical background and the rest from degree colleges, participated in the event.
officials and principals from some of these participating colleges said that they were sent a communication from the department of collegiate education, asking them to send at least 40 students each, from their institutions.
a principal from a participating college said that he received direction from the dce a week ago, although not in writing.
earlier in the day, bjp spokesperson suresh kumar alleged that the government machinery was misused to organise a political event.
he said that as many as 40 students from each college were asked to mandatorily assemble with two teachers at the government arts college and were later taken to the rahul gandhi event.
he alleged that the officials of the higher education department co-ordinated the entire event.
the chief minister will have to give an explantation, he said.
pm couldn't market his achievements: pitrodabangalore: jan 20, 2014, dhns 2:30 istthe upa government may not have marketed its achievements well, but that does not mean that governance has been a failure or that there has been no development, sampitroda , advisor to the prime minister, has said.
pitroda was speaking to reporters on the sidelines of the inauguration of indias first transdisciplinary health university, the institute of transdisciplinary health sciences and technology, here on sunday.
the prime minister is not a marketing guy.
but i have great respect for him.
people can always spread rumours that he is corrupt.
but those are not facts, he said.
on the upcoming general elections, he said, we still have enough time.
it is not advisable to peek out too early.
it is not true that congress did not do anything.
on the scams that have struck the upa, he said a majority of them were blown out of proportion.
i do not know much about coal and hence i will not comment on it.
however, in the 2g scam, we did not lose any money.
if the spectrum was sold at a lower price, it would benefit people and not the government, he said.
on how these scams would affect youth perceptions in the polls, pitroda said, i feel sad that the youth do not read.
if you read, if you think, i can give you information based on which you can make your decision.
pitroda said the media did not highlight any of the achievements of the government.
he said the government ushered in rti and rte.
the bjp did not push for rti.
it was a congress initiative, he said.
when asked his opinion about the obsession with social media, pitroda opined that there was no point blaming social media.
it is like a knife.
you could cut a tomato or kill someone.
it all depends on the choice.
hr must tap available talentlast updated: 18 november, 2011bangalore, nov 18, dhns: 0:24 istnhrdn reflections: listen, internalise and implementthough there is a greater focus on talent creation in the country, the need for qualified and skilled workforce can be sustained by casting the nets wider, a session on ''tapping into diverse talent pools'' at the on-going national hrd network conference has heard.
speaking on the session, ceo of babajob.com sean blagsveadt said meeting the aspirations of the informal workforce comprising of building securities, housekeepers electricians etc would help maintain the skills at the lower strata.
even the informal workers need careers and sustainable jobs at bigger companies and the money to enhance their status, he said, highlighting the need for their skills in an economy where high value skills alone are coveted.
working womenfounder and ceo of chennai-based avtaar career creators soundarya rajesh said despite qualification, knowledge and education, women form the larger chunk of job quitters in the country for personal reasons.
despite passing out in large numbers, there are merely 28 per cent of women at workplaces today and just 3 per cent of them are represented at the board level, soundarya said, whose company helps a large number of women leaving the workforce for marriage and child birth find opportunities at it and other sunrise industries, said.
however, instead of helping women who have taken the investment to educate and have a good understanding of corporate work culture are left without any consideration.
second careersbabajobs.com, over the last few years, has become the platform to connect informal job seekers with their employers, while avataar has nearly 23,000 women seeking second careers in its database.
the session is one of many at the conference that showed how the focus of human resources has changed over the years from mere drudgery, process creation and servicing to career development and mentoring that would provide value addition.
professor of hr at ross school of business, university of michigan, dave ulrich, while speaking on a session titled securing the future of the hr profession and the hr professional, said the sector must change their approach from inside-out to outside-in.
while it is usual for the hr department to create processes around customers delight, employee integrity etc, they should create workforce that caters to customer requirements, ulrich said.
earlier, the event began on thursday evening with a keynote by sampitroda who said that technology advancement is unlikely to take the focus away from people, their needs and development.
nhrdn founder president t v rao traced back the history and progress of the biggest hrd network in the country.
this conference, which is into its 15th edition, is the watershed in hr practices, said president of nhrdn bangalore chapter c mahalingam.
while we have laid our focus on the salient trends and the way the sector would grow, we have also brought in several innovative aspects such as collecting an sms feedback on the sessions and giving an instant reaction of audience to speeches, mahalingam said.
instead of giving mementos to the speakers, we have made them donate the money for the education of an orphan child in sos village, he added.
the organisers reflected that the three-day event is not just to listen and leave, but listen, internalise and implement.
the conference concludes on saturday with a release of nhrdn study on career development and into different sectors.
close to a hundred sessions including students, thirty senior corporate leaders would be addressing the session.
last updated: 17 march, 2011bangalore, march 17, dhns: 0:33 isthealthy tipstata group chairman ratan tata on thursday said that there was a need to integrate ayurvedic medicine with modern medicine to explore new frontiers of medical treatment.
speaking at the launch of the institute of ayurveda and integrative medicine (iaim) and the new 100-bed integrative health care centre (ihc), tata said that the phenomenal role ayurveda had played in the betterment of the mankind had to be highlighted.
i think those of us who have an open mind realise that if there could be a fusion or integration of ayurvedic medicine and its strong tradition, western medicine and scientific approach to understand the efficacy and content of ayurvedic medicine, then may be treatment of some diseases, he said.
lauding the foundation for revitalisation of local health traditions (frlht) for its effort in the direction, he said: i hope the next 20 years will be a tribute to what you have started.
it will also be a tribute to scientists who have put india on the international map in an area that is rich in indian tradition, fusing it with scientific advances in western medicine.
sam pitroda, founder chairman of institute of ayurveda and integrative medicine and advisor to the prime minister of india on public information infrastructure and innovations, said in india everyone was focused on the western model of big equipment five-star hotel environment.
that model is not scalable, perhaps desirable or sustainable in the long run.
so, we have to find new models of health delivery and that is where traditional indian model comes in, the man considered to have pioneered indias telecom revolution said.
summons against sonia, rahul stayednew delhi, nov 03, 2014, pti: 0:28 istthe delhi high court on monday extended till december 2 the stay on a trial court order summoning congress president sonia gandhi, vice-president rahul gandhi and three others in the national herald case.
justice v p vaish extended the interim order after lawyers appearing for the gandhis and others said their arguments could not be concluded.
the high court said the pleas require a regular hearing over two-to-three days and cannot be heard this month due to a lot of transfer cases and upcoming holidays.
bjp leader subramanian swamy said the arguments need to be concluded before the next date of hearing in the matter before the trial court, which is scheduled to hear it on december 9.
swamy, in a complaint before the trial court, had alleged cheating and misappropriation of funds by the congress leaders in the acquisition of national herald by the young indian.
subsequently, the trail court on june 26 summoned sonia, rahul, congress treasurer moti lal vora, general secretary oscar fernandes, suman dubey and sampitroda to appear before it on august 7.
the leaders then moved the high court on july 30 against the summons.
rail budget to focus on safetyanil sinha, new delhi, march 12, dhns: 2:37 istindications available in the railway ministry point to safety and modernization being the focus of rail budget 2012-13 that is to be presented on wednesday.
another key area is likely to be larger participation of private sector.
according to officials, the budget will be guided by the recommendations of two high level committees, one headed by anil kakodkar and another by sam pitroda.
both committees have suggested ambitious plans for safety upgradation and the modernization, as well as revenue models to execute the plans.
the pitroda committees recommendation for introducing latest information and communication technology (ict) on trains may get priority.
this includes real time information systems (rtis) to provide real time information at stations and on running trains, radio frequency identification (rfid) tracking system for wagons, coaches and locomotives and internet access at a1 class & a class stations.
likewise, the kakodkar committees suggestions to implement advance signalling system for 19,000 route kilometres on trunk routes and elimination of all level crossings (manned and unmanned) in a phased manner within five years may also be included in the budget.
the revenue models suggested by experts emphasize augmenting of resources through private investments.
the pitroda group has suggested public private partnership (ppp) in various areas such as stations and terminals.
bsnl offers to surrender bwa spectrum in 17 circleslast updated: 16 october, 2011new delhi, oct 16, (pti): 11:24 istat a time when private operators are scrambling for more spectrum, loss-making state-run bsnl has offered to surrender its broadband wireless access (bwa) spectrum in 17 circles, seeking refund of rs 8,313.
80 crore.
bsnl has written a letter to department of telecom (dot) offering to return bwa spectrum in 17 circles.
.
.
(it) wants to retain only maharashtra, andhra pradesh, gujarat and haryana service areas, a source from the dot said.
bsnl is understood to have registered a loss of over rs 6,000 crore for 2010-11, mainly due to high staff cost and payments made for acquiring 3g and bwa spectrum.
last year, bsnl had paid over rs 8,500 crore to the government as spectrum charges bidding for the bwa auction, and was allotted non-standardised band of bwa spectrum for 21 circles.
the letter stated that bsnl was allotted non-standardised band of bwa and can't be put in use, so the company wants to return.
.
.
the department will now take a look and may consider an option to re-auction the spectrum also if possible, the source added.
earlier, the psu had floated a tender to allow franchisees to run services on revenue share basis, which came under dot scanner due to irregularities found in allotting bsnl's wimax franchisee.
the employees unions of state-run bsnl had asked the government to refund over rs 8,313 crore paid by the psu for acquiring non-standardised broadband wireless access (bwa) spectrum.
bsnl has been facing severe financial pressure as its losses have more than tripled to about rs 6,000 crore during 2010-11, mainly due to hefty outgo for employees' salary and expenses borne by the psu for procuring 3g and bwa spectrum.
the company had registered a net loss of rs 1,823 crore during 2009-10.
bsnl had reported the highest net profit of over rs 10,000 crore in 2005-06, but since then its profits have been falling and in 2009-10 it reported net losses.
more than 47 per cent of the total income of the company goes for the payment made to the bsnl's employees.
the company is already preparing a voluntary retirement plan to employees as part of its efforts to revive the loss-making company.
the company has set an internal target of 99,700 employees - comprising group a (1,483), group b (6,262), group c (76,655) and group d (15,214) staffers.
the vrs has been under discussion since 2009 when a panel headed by sampitroda , adviser to the prime minister on public information infrastructure and innovations, advocated that bsnl take the vrs route to prune its nearly 2.
77 lakh strong workforce by a third.
bsnl's liability for the proposed vrs is pegged at a modest rs 2,700 crore, while the telecom department will shoulder nearly rs 18,000 crore.
the dot is already examining the feasibility of merging government telecom companies iti and mtnl with state-run bsnl, in line with the recommendations of the board for reconstruction of public sector enterprises (brpse).
bsnl, offers telecom services in all areas of the country, barring delhi and mumbai.
off the recordmay 21, 2012 21:29 istpanrutis day outpanruti is a small town known for its delicious jackfruits in tamil nadu.
the place-name got stuck as a prefix to the veteran former state minister from there, who was once close to mgr, to be known as panruti s ramachandran, now dmdks deputy leader in the assembly.
given to speaking only when it is needed, on the penultimate day of the state assemblys just-ended budget session, the mild-mannered panruti unleashed his argumentative powers inoffensively, combing all the tact and diplomatic experience at his command  he was once even deputed by the centre to the u.n. general assembly to speak on sri lankan tamils issue-.
as he unpacked his submissions, from stating that sri lanka could not invoke its sovereignty to sweep under the carpet human rights violations and war crimes against the tamils there, former mlas having no place to stay when they come to chennai, to being critical of some of the aiadmk regimes actions, panruti was unstoppable, thanks to a generous speaker, d jayakumar.
at the end, the speaker though, expunged much of what panruti had spoken.
but the jackfruits town man had had his say, living up to the venerable parliamentary maxim, the opposition has its say, while the ruling party has its way.
mr venkatesh, chennaipranab das smileif someone is to choose a politician whom every other person from his community is envious of, pranab mukherjee will have an edge.
no one knows whether upa would select him as its candidate for the presidency, dada is receiving greetings after greetings.
mps in parliament start their speech with the complement and many of them are expressing support to him.
pranab is shrewd enough; he neither denies nor confirms.
he only smiles.
people are impatient to know what the real position is.
insiders say that congress president sonia gandhi has not made up her mind and many within the party are opposed to his candidature.
they cite more than one reason to give a second thought to fielding him as a candidate.
they also say that pranab da may not be overtly expressing his eagerness; he has posted it to sonia.
so, his smile on the issue carries innumerable meanings to others.
however, pranab only knows mystery behind his smile.
may be he is faking, say knowledgeable guys.
even if that is so let us enjoy it, they suggest.
anil sinha, new delhi(mis)quote martialmonths after rahul gandhi made an abortive bid to make him the congress poster boy during up assembly elections, sampitroda , adviser to the prime minister, has showered encomiums on bihar chief minister nitish kumar.
the work that you are doing to move the state of bihar towards inclusive growth and development is inspiring and can be a model for the country to look up to.
the effort that your administration is making in the fields of education, health and industrial development can unleash tremendous growth and innovative opportunities in the state, pitroda, a known gandhi loyalist, wrote to nitish recently.
the adviser to the prime minister on public information, infrastructure and innovations, however, sought to clarify that some local newspaper, during his recent patna visit misquoted him as saying that he was recommending rejection of the state governments demand for special category status to bihar.
during my patna visit, i had the opportunity to speak at a public function but some news item in the dailies misquoted me saying that i will recommend to the centre against the special category status to bihar.
i would like to reiterate that at no point during my speech i made any such reference and neither am i, in my role and capacity as advisor, authorised to make any such suggestions to the centre, he tried to clear the air.
hc dismisses pleas of gandhis in national herald casenew delhi, dec 7, 2015, pti: 15:19 istin a blow to congress president sonia gandhi and her son rahul gandhi, delhi high court today dismissed their pleas challenging summons issued to them in the national herald case in which they have to appear before the trial court tomorrow.
petitions are dismissed, justice sunil gaur said in his judgement while also declining another of their plea for exemption from personal appearance in the lower court.
the gandhis and the other five accused--suman dubey, moti lal vohra, oscar fernandez, sampitroda and young india ltd--will have to appear in the trial court tomorrow, before which the case will come up.
it also refused to extend the august 6, 2014 interim order by which the summons were stayed.
no, justice gaur said in response to oral pleas by senior advocate harin raval, appearing for the accused, that either an exemption from personal appearance be granted or the august 6, 2014 order staying the summons be extended.
the court, in its judgement, has also questioned the need for extending interest-free loan to associated journals ltd (ajl) the publishers of national herald.
where was need to extend interest free loan, it said.
the trial court had on june 26 last year summoned all the above accused to appear before it on august 7, 2014 on swamy's complaint.
the congress leaders had, thereafter, on july 30, 2014, moved the high court which had stayed the summons on august 6 last year.
thereafter, on december 15, 2014, the court had stayed the summons till final disposal of the petitions.
the summons were issued on a criminal complaint lodged by bjp leader subramanian swamy for alleged cheating and misappropriation of funds in acquiring ownership of now-defunct daily national herald.
herald case: hc sets aside trial court summoning of documentsnew delhi, jul 12, 2016 (pti) 18:29 istthe delhi high court today set aside a trial court orders summoning documents from finance and corporate affairs ministries and other agencies and the balance sheet of the congress party for 2010-2011 in the national herald case.
justice p s teji set aside the trial court's january 11 and march 11 orders saying they were passed in a casual manner, without application of mind and were non-speaking which makes the two decisions ineffective, redundant and not sustainable in the eye of law and liable to be set aside.
the applications (for summoning of documents) were moved in a casual manner and the order passed on the same were also passed in a casual manner without due application of mind.
the facts and circumstances mentioned above, non- issuance of notice to opposite side and impugned orders being non-speaking and without due application of mind as per the law laid down by the apex court, culminates into the impugned orders as ineffective, redundant and not sustainable in eye of law and liable to be set aside,the court said.
it further said, in view of the above discussion and law laid down, as referred above, this court is of the considered opinion that while the passing order under section 91 of crpc for summoning the documents, if the other party has already joined the proceedings, it is entitled to be heard.
consequently, the orders dated january 11, 2016, and march 11, 2016, are hereby set aside along with proceedings consequent thereto.
the high court's order came on the pleas of congress leaders motilal vora, oscar fernandes, suman dubey, sampitroda and a company young indian pvt ltd (yi) who are accused in the case filed by bjp leader subramanian swamy.
the other two accused in national herald case are congress president sonia gandhi and her son rahul gandhi, but they had not moved the high court against summoning of the documents and balance sheet.
the high court, in its verdict, also said undisputedly the complainant (swamy) always has the right to invoke provisions of section 91 of cr pc and court is always empowered to pass an order in the facts and circumstances of the case, keeping in view the necessity and desirability of document in situations as discussed above and by granting an opportunity of hearing to the other party.
it also made it clear that right of complainant to move a fresh application shall not be curtailed in any circumstance.
swamy has accused the congress leaders, including sonia and rahul, of allegedly conspiring to cheat and misappropriate funds by just paying rs 50 lakh by which yi obtained the right to recover rs 90.
25 crore which associated journals pvt ltd (ajl) owed to the congress party.
all the accused have denied the allegations levelled against them by swamy.
congress leaders, vora, fernandes, dubey and sampitroda had argued through their lawyers that there were no reasons or objects in the application filed by swamy in which he had sought summoning of these documents.
their lawyers had contended that there was no application of mind by the trial judge while allowing the plea and the high court was entitled to reverse the order.
they had also argued that the orders passed by the trial court were non-speaking and, hence, cannot be sustained.
courts can summon the documents if they are relevant.
these documents can be misutilised for other purposes.
do not permit this litigation to be a launch pad for other things, they had said while urging the court to set aside the orders passed by the trial court.
swamy had earlier argued that the high court should dismiss these pleas seeking stay on two decisions of the trial court, including the one summoning the 2010-11 balance sheet of the indian national congress (inc) in connection with the case.
national herald case:sonia, rahul gandhi & two others move scnew delhi, feb 4, 2016, (pti) 13:54 istcongress president sonia gandhi and rahul gandhi today moved the supreme court challenging the december 7 last year delhi high court order refusing to quash summons issued to them in the national herald case.
besides gandhis, suman dubey and sampitroda have also approached the apex court against the high court verdict.
the high court had on december 7, 2015 not only refused to quash the summons issued to the congress leaders, but had also made scathing observations on their questionable conduct regarding how they took control of the publication.
subsequently, the gandhis and others had appeared before a patiala house court on december 19 last year when they were also granted bail, with the magistrate observing that they had deep political roots and there was no apprehension that they would flee.
the magisterial court then fixed the matter for further hearing on february 20 when they will have to appear again unless the apex court grants them any interim relief.
earlier, the high court, while refusing to quash summons against them, had said, questionable conduct of petitioners needs to be properly examined at the charge stage to find out the truth and so, these criminal proceedings cannot be thwarted at this initial stage.
along with the gandhis, five other accused--suman dubey, moti lal vora, oscar fernandes, sampitroda and young india ltd--had challenged the summons issued to them by a trial court on a complaint by bjp leader subramanian swamy against them for alleged cheating and misappropriation of funds in taking control of the now-defunct daily.
sonia, rahul, vora (aicc treasurer), fernandes (aicc general secretary), dubey and pitroda were summoned under sections 403 (dishonest misappropriation of property), 406 (criminal breach of trust) and 420 (cheating) read with section 120b (criminal conspiracy) of the ipc.
the trial court had on june 26, 2014 asked them to appear before it on august 7, 2014 but the order was stayed on august 6 by the delhi high court which on december 7, 2015 vacated the stay by rejecting plea to quash the complaint and summons.
according to swamy's complaint, all of them were directors of young indian ltd (yi), a company that was incorporated in 2010 and which took over the debt of associated journals ltd (ajl), the publisher of national herald.
swamy had accused sonia, rahul and others of conspiring to cheat and misappropriate funds by just paying rs 50 lakh by which yi obtained the right to recover rs 90.
25 crore which the ajl had owed to the congress party.
kuldip nayar, may 17 2017, 23:48 istcrime is being politicised.
this is a new trend in the allegations made by the opposition, especially the congress.
some 39 raids carried out by the cbi on former finance minister p chidambaram and his son karti chidambarams properties are dubbed as political vendetta.
it is very difficult to verify whether what the opposition says is correct or not.
on the other hand, former chief minister of bihar lalu prasad also says that he was being dragged into the cattle fodder scam because he is against the ruling bjp.
finance minister arun jaitley has defended the charge on the plea that the new technology which digitises everything will show the extent of the person or partys criminality.
but the time taken to prove the guilt is so much that the taint stays in the minds of people whether or not it is subsequently proved.
violence has also come to be introduced.
the norms of democracy, where choice is made peacefully, are also violated deliberately.
the system comes under pressure increasingly from different directions and in different ways.
the very governance is questioned.
early this year, the enforcement directorate issued show cause notices to vasan health care and its promoters, the advantage strategic consulting and its directors, besides karti chidambaram, in connection with alleged foreign exchange rule violations involving about rs 2,100 crore.
notice was also served on the foreign investors, seeking their response to allegations of multiple foreign exchange management act contraventions, according to the directorate.
the ed is probing foreign investments in the chennai-based vasan health care, both in the primary and secondary market.
it had reportedly got investments from one of the largest venture capital firms, sequoia, and west bridge, based in mauritius, and also through the investment arms of global firm gic-singapore.
chidambaram and his son would be seen culpable if the government were to lay before the public the proof it possessed.
leaks here or there only deepen the charge that it was all politically motivated.
the congress defence that it was vendetta would carry weight if it were to support its denial with documents which the party has retained at the time when it was in power.
lalu prasads outcry that he was being fixed because he was anti-bjp might well be true.
but he has been punished in the fodder scam.
it does not behove him to say that he was a political victim even in the face of the courts indictment of being guilty.
it has come to light that even his family members are involved.
the common man is confused because he finds both sides trading charges with vehemence.
had there been a lokpal (ombudsman), as was the decision at one time, things would have been different.
the lokpal machinery one can draw the lesson from the lokayukta in karnataka  keeps records of those who tend to indulge in corruption.
political squabbles did not allow such a machinery to be constituted.
otherwise, transparent governance would have been possible.
it would have also meant the participation of people themselves.
yet the outburst of lalu prasad is not misplaced.
the ruling bjp is bringing in the soft version of hindutva in the country.
this is the undoing of the polity which was our target when we were in the midst of struggle for independence.
regretfully, allegations of corruption against him cast a shadow on his fight against for secularism.
the congress would do well for its image to hold an internal inquiry about the charge of corruption on the chidambaram clan.
the gandhis personal involvement in the case of national herald, a daily founded by jawaharlal nehru, is baffling.
as the case stands, sonia gandhi and her son rahul gandhi are accused of cheating and breach of trust and are out on bail.
together, they reportedly have 76  of the share, young india private limited controls 38  and the remaining 24  is held by their trusted party and family loyalists motilal vora, oscar fernandes, suman dubey and sam pitroda.
dubious meansthe original charge against them, as filed by the bjps subramanian swamy, is that they used dubious means to acquire associated journals limited, which owned national herald.
the crux of the charge is that national herald may have been a defunct print media outlet but it had real estate assets worth over rs 2,000 crore in prime areas of important cities across india and the gandhis, with the allegiance of some other congress leaders, allegedly gained control over all the properties illegally.
the problem for the congress is only increasing by the day.
take the timing of the delhi high court order.
it could not have been worse for the party.
the court, which upheld the trial court order to allow the i-t department to investigate sonia and rahul in the case, is yet another setback to the congress first family.
the family is faced with the ignominy of losing a case in higher court which concerns the nehru-gandhi family.
now, as per court order, once the i-t department begins its investigation and starts scrutinising the books, no one can be sure what it would lead to and what additional matters it could unearth, especially now when the narendra modi government is going strong.
above all, the hc verdict has come at a time when congress strategists are trying hard to put sonia on the forefront, to stitch some kind of opposition unity for the coming presidential election.
since she is leading the consultation process with the regional opposition leaders, the congress president is being positioned as the leader of a hypothetical upa iii.
parliament should intervene more often because here all parties can see the political crime committed by one amongst them.
and they should cooperate to spot out the guilty and punish the person and the party.
democracy will thereby thrive and assure the people that the system itself throws up the guilty and sees to that the individual or the party does not go scot-free.
new delhi, dec 26, 2016 (pti) 19:54 istin a relief to sonia and rahul gandhi, a delhi court today rejected as fishing inquiry a plea of bjp leader subramanian swamy seeking a direction to congress party and associated journals ltd (ajl) to produce certain records related to the national herald case.
the court said that swamy seemed to enlarge the scope of present proceedings.
metropolitan magistrate lovleen, meanwhile, gave last opportunity to swamy to submit the list of his witnesses in the case lodged against gandhis and some other congress leaders and fixed the matter on february 10 for hearing arguments on framing of charges.
at the very outset, this court must observe that by using the terms 'verify'/'see'/'investigate' (in application) the complainant (swamy) admits that he himself is not aware of the contents of the said documents.
in these circumstances, the prayer of the complainant is nothing but a fishing enquiry which is not permitted under the law.
this court feels that by seeking the above documents the complainant seems to enlarge scope of present proceedings, the court said.
the court also said that most of the documents sought do not seem relevant in view of context of present allegations and do not seem to be connected to the facts required to be proved by the complainant.
it said that a few documents which seemed to be relevant, could not be ordered to be summoned as those were to be contemporaneous with the examination of prosecution witnesses.
in the present case the complainant has not even placed a list of witnesses, whom he proposes to examine in pre-charge stage.
so the prayer made by the complainant for summoning the documents from congress and ajl has to be rejected.
swamy, in his private criminal complaint, has accused gandhis and others of conspiring to cheat and misappropriate funds by paying just rs 50 lakh through which young indian pvt ltd (yi) obtained the right to recover rs 90.
25 crore which ajl owed to the congress.
swamy has sought documents relating to a loan given by the congress to the ajl, the holding firm of the national herald, saying these were necessary for the purposes of trial in the case.
besides the gandhis, other accused-motilal vora, oscar fernandes, suman dubey and sampitroda denied the allegations levelled against them.
on the issue of plea seeking documents from the income tax department, the court said they were irrelevant to the proceedings and hence, could not be summoned.
he also sought certain documents from the registrar of companies (roc) which were filed by the ajl and papers from the department of income tax (dot) in relation to income tax returns filed by ajl.
the documents sought from ajl included authorisation by the members of the ajl to borrow monies in excess of its paid- up capital and free reserve of ajl, relevant extracts from the books of accounts of ajl during the period of loan and documents by which the loan was converted into shares in the books of ajl.
swamy also sought summoning documents from the congress party reflecting the loans given to ajl and documents of the party in the year in which the loan was written off.
he also sought summoning of certain documents filed by ajl with roc and certain papers from the dot.
the application was filed by swamy after the delhi high court set aside trial court's orders summoning documents and the balance sheet of the congress party for 2010-2011, holding that they were passed without hearing the opposite side and that the lower court orders violated the principle of natural justice and right to life and liberty under the constitution.
the court had on june 26, 2014, summoned sonia, rahul, motilal vora, oscar fernandes, suman dubey and sampitroda as accused in the case besides yi.
it had on december 19, 2015, granted bail to sonia, rahul, vora, fernandes and dubey, who had appeared before it pursuant to summons.
pitroda was granted bail on february 20 when he had appeared in the court.
sonia, rahul, vora (aicc treasurer), fernandes (aicc general secretary), dubey and pitroda were summoned for alleged offences under section 403 (dishonest misappropriation of property), 406 (criminal breach of trust) and 420 (cheating) read with section 120b (criminal conspiracy) of the ipc.
new delhi, dec 19, 2015, (pti): 19:10 istafter a 10-minute hearing, congress president sonia gandhi and her son rahul were today granted unconditional bail in the high-voltage national herald case by a local court where they appeared along with a phalanx of top party leaders.
facing a private criminal complaint lodged by bjp leader subramanian swamy in the transfer of shares of the defunct party newspaper herald to a newly-created company, the two gandhis, accompanied by former prime minister manmohan singh besides priyanka gandhi appeared before metropolitan magistrate lovleen at 2.
50 pm.
the party's legal eagles kapil sibal, ashwini kumar, both former union law ministers, and abhishek manu singhvi, as also top congress leaders such as ghulam nabi azad, mallikarjun kharge, a k antony, shiela dikshit, ambika soni and meira kumar were at hand.
sonia, rahul and three other accused in the case --motilal vora, oscar fernandes and suman dubey--sought bail which was granted after they furnished personal bond of rs.50,000 and one surety each.
one of the accused sampitroda was not present as he was stated to be unwell.
swamy pressed the court to impose conditions on the foreign travel of the accused, which was not accepted by the court.
he said later that he had not opposed the bail but had told the court that conditions should be imposed on the gandhis' travel abroad since they were in the habit of running away from the country.
the magistrate fixed feb 20 as the next date of hearing and the proceedings were over within minutes after which the gandhis came out smiling.
they had to navigate through jostling lawyers, journalists, security men and party workers to reach their cars.
later addressing the media at the party office, sonia, rahul and manmohan singh hit out at prime minister narendra modi accusing him of levelling false allegations against them and making full use of government agencies to deliberately target the opposition.
we will continue the fight and not bow down, they said.
the accused are reputed persons having deep political grassroots and there is no apprehension that they will flee, the magistrate noted while granting them bail on furnishing personal bond of rs.50,000 each and one surety.
while antony gave surety to sonia, priyanka stood surety for her brother.
congress leader b k hariprasad gave surety for vora, ghulam nabi azad for fernandes and ajay maken for dubey.
in his reaction, swamy said all their claims that they would not seek bail proved false.
they said they will not take bail.
what happened now, he told reporters after the short hearing.
sibal and singhvi told the court that these are people who have deep roots in society and they hold high office and do not have any previous charge against them.
the summons were issued by the court on dec 8 after the delhi high court the previous day had refused to quash the summons issued to them earlier to appear as accused.
both sibal and singhvi told reporters after the proceedings that the court rejected swamy's plea and gave bail to the leaders.
it is most unfortunate that swamy sought imposition of conditions including restrictions on travel abroad but the court granted unconditional bail, singhvi said.
i don't see the slightest reason for dissatisfaction with the court order, he added.
rejecting congress criticism that he was doing vendetta politics at the behest of congress, swamy said look at the evidence in the case and not vendetta.
i have so many friends (in the bjp).
i am a jan sanghi.
i know them (bjp leaders) personally.
i have not taken an appointment with the prime minister and spoken to him at all about the case, he told reporters.
the magistrate made it clear that no exemption from personal appearance will be granted to any accused for the next date of hearing.
the judge, who held the proceedings in a closed room, asked swamy to bring all relied upon documents in support of his complaint on the next date of hearing.
sonia, rahul, vora (aicc treasurer), fernandes (aicc general secretary), dubey and pitroda were summoned under sections 403 (dishonest misappropriation of property), 406 (criminal breach of trust) and 420 (cheating) read with section 120b (criminal conspiracy) of the ipc.
the trial court had on june 26 last year asked them to appear before it on august 7, 2014 but the order was stayed on august 6, 2014 by the delhi high court which on december 7 this year vacated the stay by rejecting the plea to quash the complaint and the summons.
on december 15, 2014, the court had further stayed the summons till final disposal of the petitions.
swamy has accused them of cheating and misappropriation of funds in acquiring ownership of herald.
all of them were directors of young indian ltd (yi), a company that was incorporated in 2010 and which took over the debt of associated journals ltd (ajl), the publisher of national herald.
swamy had accused sonia and rahul gandhi and others of conspiring to cheat and misappropriate funds by just paying rs 50 lakh by which yi obtained the right to recover rs 90.
25 crore which the ajl had owed to the congress party.
along with the gandhis, five other accused -- suman dubey, moti lal vora, oscar fernandez, sampitroda and young india ltd--had challenged the summons issued to them by trial court on swamy's complaint.
panel moots innovation councillast updated: 20 january, 2011bangalore, jan 20, dhns: 23:07 istthe karnataka knowledge commission has decided to recommend to the state government to set up a state innovation council on the lines of national innovation council, and institute a fellowship to encourage talented young minds to take up research in various fields.
commission chairman k kasturirangan, briefing the media after its 11th meeting on thursday, said that the prime minister had declared 2011-20 to be a decade of innovations.
following this, the national innovation council chairman sampitroda had written to all the states to have state-level councils.
chief minister b s yeddyurappa had forwarded pitrodas communication to the state knowledge commission for further deliberations.
the commission had decided to hold a one-day workshop along with national institute for advanced studies (nias) on encouraging innovations, kasturirangan said.
new delhi: dec 20, 2015, dhns 2:17 istsonia, rahul accuse govt of misusing central probe agenciescongress president sonia gandhi and son rahul got bail from a delhi court on saturday after they appeared before it on summons issued in the national herald case.
the top congress leaders, besides party treasurer motilal vora, oscar fernandes and family friend suman dubey, also accused in the case filed by bjp leader subramanian swamy, were each told by the court to furnish a personal bond of rs 50,000 and surety of the same amount.
in a brief hearing lasting about 10 minutes, swamy, arguing the case himself, urged the court to impose conditions like surrendering their passports, which was not accepted.
the accused are reputed persons having deep political grassroots and there is no apprehension that they will flee, said metropolitan magistrate lovleen.
swamy claimed he did not oppose the bail plea but sought direction for restrictions on the gandhis travel abroad as they were in the habit of running away from the country.
congress lawyers  senior advocates kapil sibal, ashwani kumar and abhishek manu singhvi  along with former prime minister manmohan singh, senior congress leaders ghulam nabi azad, mallikarjun kharge, a k antony, shiela dikshit, ambika soni and meira kumar were also present during the hearing.
former defence minister a k antony gave surety for sonia and priyanka did the same for rahul.
congress leader b k hariprasad gave surety for vora, ghulam nabi azad for fernandes and ajay maken for dubey.
the court fixed february 20 as the next date of hearing.
sam pitroda, another accused, was granted exemption on health grounds.
after reaching the aicc headquarters, sonia and rahul accused the narendra modi government of levelling false allegations and misusing central agencies to target opponents.
the bjp, however, claimed it was a legal matter and the congress was trying to give wrong impression to the people.
congress leader singhvi said, in deference and great respect to the court, we all appeared through counsel.
earlier, several layers of security were put around patiala house court complex.
hordes of party supporters, journalists and lawyers descended outside the court complex following the decision by the gandhis to seek bail in the case.
the trial court had on june 26, 2014, issued summons against sonia, rahul, vora, fernandez, dubey and pitroda in the case.
the delhi high court, which had earlier stayed the summons, rejected their plea on december 7.
swamy has alleged cheating and breach of trust in the acquisition of associated journals limited  the publisher of national herald  by the young indian limited (yil), a company in which the gandhis hold 76 per cent shares.
he accused the congress of lending money to ajl and then assigning the debt to yil, a transaction that he claimed amounted to cheating and breach of trust.
the circulation and financial health of the national herald, started in 1938 by jawaharlal nehru, steadily deteriorated over decades, leading to its closure in 2008 with a debt of rs 90 crore.
congress recasts departmentsdh news service, new delhi, jun 2 2017, 0:44 istsonia also renamed the scheduled tribes department as the adivasi congress and appointed former union minister v kishore chandra deo as its chairperson.
pti file photocongress president sonia gandhi on thursday appointed technocrats sampitroda and m rajeev gowda as chairpersons of the overseas and the research departments of the party, respectively.
sonia also renamed the scheduled tribes department as the adivasi congress and appointed former union minister v kishore chandra deo as its chairperson.
the congress also created a new fishermen department and named t n prathapan its chairperson.
deo will be assisted by five vice chairpersons  mahendrajeet singh malviya, shyam sunder hansdah, bellaih naik, manoj mandavi and atuwa munda, aicc general secretary (organisation) janardan dwivedi announced in a statement released here on thursday.
the research department to be chaired by gowda, a former professor at the iim-bengaluru and a rajya sabha member, subsumes three other departments  research and reference ,research and coordination and the department of policy and planning and coordination.
gandhis seek early hearing of plea in herald casenew delhi, feb 12, 2016, dhns: 0:59 istcongress president sonia gandhi and her son rahul gandhi on thursday urged the supreme court to consider their plea on february 12 for quashing the criminal complaint filed by bjp leader subramanian swamy.
a bench of chief justice t s thakur and justice r banumathi said they will look into it on friday when the appeal filed by top congress leaders including those by motilal vora, suman dubey and sampitroda will come up for hearing.
senior advocate kapil sibal mentioned the matter before the court, saying swamy has informed him about his unavailability till februrary 19, but the matter should not be adjourned as the next date of hearing in the trial court has been fixed on february 20.
in case the sc adjourned the hearing due to absence of swamy and did not grant any interim relief, the gandhis and other co-accused would have to appear again before the magisterial court here on february 20.
in their special leave petitions, the congress leaders also sought direction to set aside december 7 order of the delhi hc directing them to face the criminal prosecution for the offences of cheating, breach of trust, misappropriation of funds and criminal conspiracy in the acquisition of associated journals limited, the publisher of national herald, by a company called young indian limited, in which the gandhis hold 76 per cent shares.
the circulation and financial health of the national herald, started in 1938 by jawaharlal nehru, steadily deteriorated over decades, leading to its closure in 2008.
herald case: court allows swamy's plea to summon inc documentsnew delhi, mar 11, 2016, pti: 15:32 ista delhi court today allowed a plea by bjp leader subramanian swamy and summoned certain documents pertaining to financial details of indian national congress (inc) for the year 2010-2011 in the national herald case.
metropolitan magistrate lovleen partly allowed swamy's plea in which he had sought summoning of documents related to financial details of inc, associated journals pvt ltd (ajl) and young indian pvt ltd (yi) in connection with the case.
besides inc's documents for the year 2010-2011, the court also summoned ajl's documents for the same assessment year.
i am partly allowing your application, the magistrate said while pronouncing the order.
swamy had sought summoning of these documents contending that they were required for the purpose of investigation in the national herald case.
he had referred to the court's june 26, 2014 order summoning congress president sonia gandhi, her son rahul gandhi, motilal vora, oscar fernandes, suman dubey and sampitroda as accused in the case.
swamy, the complainant in the matter, had said that sufficient grounds for summoning these documents were mentioned in june 26, 2014 order.
the court had heard his contentions on summoning the balance sheet, receipts, income and expenditure statements for the assessment years 2010-11, 2011-12 and 2012-13 of the inc, ajl and yi.
swamy had accused sonia, rahul and others of allegedly conspiring to cheat and misappropriate funds by just paying rs 50 lakh by which yi obtained the right to recover rs 90.
25 crore which the ajl had owed to the congress party.
on february 20, the court had directed that some documents summoned from the ministries of finance, urban development and corporate affairs, income tax department and other agencies in the case would be kept in a sealed cover till further orders, after noting that delhi high court was seized of the matter.
the direction had come after the accused in the case had argued that swamy should first satisfy the court about the relevance of the documents which were ordered to be summoned.
the court had on december 19, 2015, granted bail to sonia, rahul, vora, fernandes and dubey, who had appeared before it pursuant to the summons issued earlier.
pitroda was granted bail on february 20 when he had appeared in the court.
sonia, rahul, vora (aicc treasurer), fernandes (aicc general secretary), dubey and pitroda were summoned for alleged offences under section 403 (dishonest misappropriation of property), 406 (criminal breach of trust) and 420 (cheating) read with section 120b (criminal conspiracy) of the ipc.
sam pitroda differs with modi-fied developmentbangalore, march 22, 2014, dhns: 23:34 istadvisor to the prime minister on public information, infrastructure and innovation, sampitroda , on saturday said he does not subscribe to bjps prime ministerial candidate narendra modis idea of development.
he expressed confidence that the congress-led upa government would win the coming polls and come back to power.
i personally have good equations with modi, but i dont subscribe to his idea of development.
my idea of development is different, he said, participating in an interaction with the media.
he batted for the upa government, saying: a lot of good work has happened in the last 10 years.
the country has achieved eight per cent growth consistently over the years, except for the current year.
but everybody talks as if nothing has happened.
everybody is thinking negative.
everybody is depressed.
in the process we are making things slowdown.
i think we need to take a broader view of accomplishment.
i think we didnt do good job of communicating to people.
stating that nation-building takes time, pitroda said a national knowledge network has been built.
about 20,000 colleges have been connected.
but nobody talks about it.
on allegations of corruption on the upa government, he said: businessmen, doctors and teachers, everybody has become corrupt.
only that the degree varies.
we cannot say stop everything.
i think we need to be realistic and learn to work with the system and slowly work towards preventing it, he stated.
varsities need young vcpitroda said: most of our vice chancellors are 60 to 70-year old, but their customers (students) are about 17-year old.
people who take decisions on young people of 16 years are above 60 years.
older people are messing up things in the country.
universities need vice chancellors who are aged between 35 and 40.
but there is huge resistance to change.
so much so that employees in the department of information technology refuse to use computers.
they still do their job manually, he added.
internet has changed everything in the last 20 years.
we can provide a new model of development to the world using technology and young talent, he said.
he regretted that nobody talks about the latest report of the knowledge commission submitted to the union government.
even most of the vice chancellors and professors have not read the report.
but they all have an advice to give.
in this country, people seem to know how to do prime minister's job, but not thier job, he said.
biotechnology will be next big thing.
whether it is medicine or energy or any other field, biotechnology is the future.
in another 30 to 40 years, we will have factories making all body parts.
if you have money, you will not be allowed to die, he said.
he said though the first phase of telecommunication revolution is over, no steps are being taken to prepare for the second phase which is more challenging.
everybody seems to be worried about bandwidth and there are too many operators.
the way forward actually is broadband, consolidation and application, he added.
sam pitroda is cong 'obc face'lucknow:, jan 31, 2012, dhns 0:10 istapparently with an eye on the obc votes to capture the throne of indias biggest state, the congress on tuesday put technocrat sampitroda forward at the launch of the partys election manifesto here.
the hint was already there that he was going to be the obc face of the party in the forthcoming assembly elections as congress general secretary rahul gandhi has referred to his name and caste at his various election meetings.
and pitroda stressed the need for development of technology in up.
technology is going to play an important role in the development of the state, he said.
he referred to his caste and said he took pride in the fact that he is the son of a carpenter.
rahul, too, had mentioned his caste at his rallies in the state earlier.
apparently the congress is trying to encash pitrodas credentials as a technology man to show that it accorded due respect to the obc which constitutes roughly 30 per cent of the ups electorate.
the bjp had already projected uma bharti, an obc, as its leader in the state.
new delhi , dec 08, 2015, pti: 14:24 istcongress president sonia gandhi, her son rahul gandhi and others were today directed to appear in person on december 19 by a delhi court which allowed their plea seeking exemption from personal appearance for the day in the national herald case.
senior advocates abhishek manu singhvi, harin raval and ramesh gupta appeared for the gandhis and other accused and moved separate pleas seeking exemption from personal apperance for their clients for today only.
we are very keen to come before the court, singhvi told metropolitan magistrate lovleen, adding, please give us a date of your choice and that of the convenience of dr subramanian swamy.
swamy, who has filed the case, however, told the court that there are seven accused in the case and today's date was fixed in september itself.
accused number 2 (rahul gandhi) has left for chennai this morning, he said.
the magistrate, however, told the defence counsel to ensure that all the accused appear before the court on the next date of hearing on december 19.
make sure that all the accused appear on december 19.
i am giving exemption from personal appearance only for today.
don't come in the morning on december 19.
you come at 3 pm, the magistrate said.
during the brief hearing in the jam-packed courtroom ,the court said, is the judgement of the (delhi) high court on the net?
can i see it.
responding to the court's query, swamy placed a copy of the verdict of the high court delivered yesterday before the court.
during the hearing, senior counsel ramesh gupta told the magistrate that accused sampitroda is presently in the united states and they will try their best that he appears before the court on december 19.
to this, the court asked them to ensure that all the accused appear before it on december 19.
rahul gandhi today left for a visit to flood-affected areas of chennai and its suburbs and puducherry.
gandhi would first visit puducherry and later cuddalore and chennai during the day-long visit.
the delhi high court had yesterday rejected the pleas of gandhis and others for quashing of the summons against them in the case and also turned down their pleas for exemption from personal appearance in the trial court.
along with the gandhis, five other accused -- suman dubey, moti lal vohra, oscar fernandez, sampitroda and young india ltd -- had challenged the summons issued to them by a trial court on a complaint by swamy against them for alleged cheating and misappropriation of funds in taking control of the now-defunct daily.
the trial court had on june 26, last year summoned all the above accused to appear before it on august 7, 2014 on swamy's complaint.
the congress leaders had, thereafter, on july 30, 2014, moved the high court which had stayed the summons on august 6, last year.
thereafter, on december 15, 2014, the court had further stayed the summons till final disposal of the petitions.
while talking to reporters outside court, singhvi charged that the present case is a proxy litigation, used as a political vendetta by bjp to attack senior congress persons.
he stressed that each of the accused is extremely keen, ready and willing to appear before the court on december 19.
we made it clear to the magistrate today that each of the accused is extremely keen, ready and willing to appear before the court at the earliest possible date.
it is our statement, not the complainant's in the court.
we are only seeking exemption for today as there was no time to study the order as it came yesterday and parliament sessions is on etc.
but on december 19, at our request, the earliest possible date was given.
all the accused, barring one, who is in usa, will certainly be present on december 19.
the accused who is in usa will also try his best to be here, he said.
singhvi charged that the present case was an outcome of political vendetta.
this is a political vendetta and worst, the complainant swamy is a senior and active member of bjp.
the ruling party in the power is using proxy litigations to attack the senior congress functionaries out of political malice.
you have a series since last 18 months alone whether its virbhadra singh, whose case was rudely intruded upon the wedding of his child on baseless allegations.
.
.
roping in chidambaram and his family when the raids (were) conducted were totally different and unconnected.
there are several such examples.
this (herald case) happens to be another example in that series.
we shall fight it with all our might in all legal recourse and all legal forums.
there is not a slightest doubt in our mind.
.
.
not a single ingredient of any offence has been made out.
but that is for the higher court to consider, singhvi said.
cong pulls out all stops to defend gandhisnew delhi, dec 13, 2015, dhns: 0:55 istthere is nothing wrong in herald transaction: pcthe congress is pulling out all the stops to shield partys first family from the storm raised over the national herald issue.
the grand old party wants to put the record straight  neither congress president sonia gandhi nor her deputy rahul benefited financially from the takeover of associated journals limited (ajl), that published the now defunct national herald, by young india.
while the congress has fielded senior party leaders and top lawyers p chidambaram, kapil sibal and ashwani kumar to defend the gandhis, it has also taken to social media in a big way to rebut the allegations of financial wrongdoings levelled by the bjp.
(there is) nothing wrong in this transaction.
in fact, by putting a non-profit company as the dominant shareholder, we have ensured that not one rupee from the assets can go to any private beneficiary, chidambaram said defending the move to transfer the shares of ajl to young india, a company in which sonia and rahul together have 76 per cent stake.
former union law minister ashwani kumar, who had to quit his post in 2013 amid a controversy over tampering of a cbi report in coal scam, issued a statement on sunday claiming that the allegations against the congress leadership were deliberately orchestrated.
besides sonia and rahul, senior leaders motilal vora and oscar fernandes and gandhi confidants suman dubey and sampitroda have been summoned by a trial court here in connection with the case on december 19 after the delhi high court rejected their plea seeking exemption from personal appearance.
in a series of tweets from its official twitter handle, the congress sought to clarify its position on the case through frequently asked questions format.
the party listed 14 questions and answers on the issue and gave details of profit and losses of ajl from 2008-09 to 2014-15.
in a facebook post last week, finance minister arun jaitley had called young indian a real estate company, a statement that has made its way to the faqs.
