congress leader mani shankar aiyar was back in the news on tuesday with an article justifying his neech jibe against prime minister narendra modi two years ago, prompting the bjp to call him abuser-in-chief and his party arrogant.
in an article, written for rising kashmir, aiyar also slammed modi on a series of issues and asked, remember how i described him on 7 december 2017?
was i not prophetic?
in 2017, the former union minister called modi neech aadmi following which he was suspended from the congress party.
bjp spokesperson g v l narasimha rao put out a tweet saying abuser-in-chief aiyar had returned to justify his 2017 neech jibe.
.
.
.
aiyar then apologized & hid behind poor hindi excuse.
now he says he was prophetic.
congr revoked his suspension last year for filthy outburst.
double speak & arrogance of @incindia on display again!
he said.
reacting to the article, which triggered a fresh political row, bjps it cell head amit malviya referred to congress leader sampitroda , in the spotlight for his hua to hua remark on the 1984 anti-sikh riots.
upset that sampitroda was getting all the attention, the irrepressible mani shankar aiyar pulls pitrodas foot out of his mouth and puts it in his.
.
.
reiterates and justifies his neech comment for pm!
he said on twitter.
justifying his neech comment made in 2017, aiyar said in his article, modi will, in any case, be ousted by the people of india on 23 may.
that would be a fitting end to the most foul-mouthed prime minister this country has seen or is likely to see.
remember how i described him on 7 december 2017?
was i not prophetic?
the lok sabha elections 2019 have entered the last lap with phase 7 voting scheduled for may 19 when 59 seats across 7 states and 1 union territory will go to polls.
key candidates in the fray on may 19 are pm modi from varanasi, union minister manoj sinha from ups ghazipur, sad leader harsimrat kaur badal from bathinda, preneet kaur from patiala, sunny deol from gurdaspur, anurag thakur from hamirpur and misa bharti from patlipura.
in this phase, 8 seats each will vote in bihar and madhya pradesh, 13 each in punjab and uttar pradesh, 4 in himachal, 1 in chandigarh, 9 in west bengal and 3 in jharkhand.
the counting of votes will take place on may 23.
here is a look at some key contests in this phase:uttar pradeshvaranasiin the ring: narendra modi (bjp), shalini yadav (sp), ajay rai (congress) and atiq ahmed (independent)quick take: prime minister narendra modi is again contesting from here, which most observers say, will be a one-sided contest.
the sp tried to replace its candidate shalini yadav with former border security force jawan tej bahadur yadav but his nomination paper was rejected.
so, shalini yadav is in the fray with congress ajay rai and independent atiq ahmed.
2014 results: the bjp prime ministerial candidate narendra modi defeated his nearest rival aam aadmi partys arvind kejriwal by a margin of 3.
7 lakh votes.
also watch | lok sabha elections | big fights to watch out for in final phase of votingmaharajganjin the ring: pankaj chaudhary (bjp) , akhilesh singh (sp) , supriya srinate (congress)quick take: sitting bjp mp and the partys candidate for 2019 pankaj chaudhary has won the seat five times, the first time being 1991.
this time around, the contest has become tough for him with sp and bsp coming together.
the congress candidate, supriya srinate is likely to cut into the vote share of both bjp and the gathbandhan.
2014 results: pankaj chaudhary of bjp defeated his nearest rival kashi nath shukla of bsp by a margin of 2.
4 lakh votes.
gorakhpurin the ring: ravi kishan (bjp), ram bhual nishad (sp) and madhusudhan tiwari (congress)quick take: its a tough straight contest between the sp-bsp gathbandhan candidate and the bjp.
gorakhpur had been a citadel of up cm yogi adityanath.
sp won the 2018 bypolls necessitated by yogi vacating the seat after becoming uttar pradesh chief minister.
yogi has picked ravi kishan in a bid to win back the seat using bhojpuri star power.
the sp is contesting to retain the seat, even though it did not field the sitting mp praveen kumar nishad, whose party is now part of the nda alliance.
2014 results: yogi adityanath of bjp won the seat by defeating his nearest rival rajmati nishad of sp by a whopping margin of 3.
12 lakh votes.
in 2018 by-poll praveen nishad of sp defeated upendra dutt shukla of the bjp by 21,000 votes.
kushinagarin the ring: vijay dubey (bjp) , rpn singh (congress) ,nathuni prasad kushwaha (sp)quick take: the 2009-2014 congress mp on the seat, rpn is contesting against bjps candidate vijay dubey and gathbandhans candidate nathuni prasad kushwaha.
the constituency is said to be a family bastion of singh, who lost to rajesh pandey of bjp in the modi wave of 2014.
2014 results: rajesh pandey of bjp won the seat by defeating the 2009 congress mp on the seat rpn singh by a margin of 85,000 votes.
deoriain the ring: ramapati ram tripathi (bjp), niyaz ahmed (congress), binod kumar jaiswal (bsp)quick take: bjp did not field 2014 winner kalraj mishra, who had won by a huge margin.
instead, ramapati ram tripathi is the new candidate.
the first runner up in 2014, bsps niyaz ahmed is now the congress candidate and the bsp has fielded binod kumar jaiswal as the gathbandhan candidate.
2014 results: kalraj mishra of bjp defeat his nearest rival niyaz ahmed of bsp by a huge margin of 2.
65 lakh votes.
bansgaonin the ring: kamlesh paswan (bjp), kush saurabh (congress), sadal prasad (bsp)quick take: the bjp candidate kamlesh paswan won the seat in 2009 and 2014, but now the contest has turned tough with sp and bsp coming together.
the combined vote share of sp and bsp is fractionally higher than that of kamleshs.
2014 results: kamlesh paswan of bjp defeated his nearest rival sadal prasad of bsp by a margin of 1.
8 lakh votes.
ghosiin the ring: harinarayan rajbhar (bjp), bal krishna chauhan (congress), atul kumar singh (bsp)quick take: the 78-year-old harinarayan rajbhar is the oldest bjp candidate in the fray in up.
the sitting mp, harinarayan, is in a tough fight with the gathbandhan candidate atul kumar singh (bsp) as the combined vote share of sp and bsp in 2014 on the seat was higher than harinarayans.
2014 results: harinarayan rajbhar of bjp defeated his nearest rival dara singh chauhan of bsp by a margin of 1.
46 lakh votes.
salempurin the ring: ravindra kushwaha (bjp), rajesh mishra (congress), rs kushwaha (bsp)quick take: the sitting bjp mp ravindra kushwaha is in a straight fight with rs kushwaha (bsp) the gathbandhan candidate.
2014 results: ravindra kushwaha of bjp defeated his nearest rival ravi shankar singh of bsp by a margin of 2.
34 lakh votes.
balliain the ring: virendra singh (bjp) and sanathan pandey (sp), congress is not contestingquick take: bjp has replaced its sitting mp bharat singh with virendra singh, who is in a straight fight with the gathbandhan candidate sanathan pandey.
sp did not repeat its 2014 candidate neeraj shekhar, rajya sabha mp and son of the late prime minister chandra shekhar, who lost in 2014.
chandra shekhar had won eight times from here, neeraj twice.
2014 results: bharat singh of bjp defeated his nearest rival and then ballia mp, neeraj shekhar of samajwadi party by 1.
4 lakh votes.
ghazipurin the ring: manoj sinha (bjp), afzal ansari (bsp) and ajit pratap kushwaha (congress)quick take: the sitting bjp mp and union minister manoj sinha is in a direct fight with gathbandhan candidate afzal ansari (bsp), who is the brother of the local don and politician mukhtar ansari.
the ansari brothers have sizeable influence in the area .
the combined vote share of sp and bsp in 2014 was 20  higher than manoj sinhas 31 .
but, sinha has done a lot of development work in the constituency and hopes on get pro-incumbency votes.
2014 results: bjps manoj sinha won the seat by a margin of 32,000 votes against sps shivkanya kushwaha.
chandauliin the ring: mahendra nath pandey (bjp), sanjay chauhan (sp), shivkanya kushwaha (jap--a congress ally)quick take: the bjp state president and sitting mp on the seat, mahendra nath pandey, is contesting to retain the seat and prestige.
but the contest is tough against gathbandhan candidate sanjay chauhan of sp as the combined vote share of sp and bsp was higher than pandeys in 2014.
2014 results: mahendra nath pandey of bjp won the seat against his nearest rival anil kumar maruya of bsp by a margin of 1.
56 lakh votes.
mirzapurin the ring: anupriya patel (apna dal-- a bjp ally), ram charitra nishad (sp), lalitesh pati tripathi (congress)quick take: the union minister and the sitting mp on mirzapur seat is in a tough triangular contest with the gathbandhan and the congress.
the gathbandhan has an edge as it has fielded the sitting bjp mp on machlishahar seat and gets an advantage of sp and bsp combined vote share.
lalitesh pati tripathi may cut votes of both bjp and the gathbandhan.
2014 results: anupriya patel of apna dal, a bjp ally, won the seat by a margin of 2.
19 lakh votes against his nearest rival samudra bind of bsp.
robertsganjin the ring: kailash nath (sbsp--a bjp ally), bhai lal kol (sp), bhagwati prasad chaudhary (congress)quick take: bjp won the seat in 2014, but this time the seat was given to ally shuheldev bharatiya samaj party.
the gathbandhan with its combined vote share has an edge in the straight fight.
2014 results: chotelal of bjp won by a margin of 1.
9 lakh votes against his nearest rival sharada prasad of bsp.
punjabbathindain the ring: harsimrat kaur badal (sad), amrinder singh raja warring (congress), baljinder kaur (aap) and sukhpal singh khaira (punjab ekta party)quick take: harsimrat, the daughter-in-law of five-time former cm parkash singh badal and wife of party president sukhbir singh badal, won the seat in 2009 and 2014, but has a tough fight at hand this time and is counting on development during the 10-year akali rule.
warring is trying to tap into the anger against the akalis over the 2015 sacrilege and police firing incidents.
the aap had done well in the constituency in the 2017 state polls, but is in disarray due to constant internal bickering.
2014 result: harsimrat badal won the seat by defeating her estranged brother-in-law manpreet singh badal of congress by 19,395 voteskhadoor sahibin the ring: jagir kaur (sad), jasbir singh dimpa (congress) paramjit kaur khalra (punjab ekta party)quick take: the panthic constituency (known as tarn taran before delimitation) has been an akali stronghold.
the sad won the seat six consecutive times, but its nominee jagir kaur, is locked in a close triangular contest with dimpa and khalra this time.
the pep nominee, widow of human rights activist jaswant khalra who was killed by cops, is a dark horse.
rebel akali leader and sitting mp ranjit singh brahmpura, who floated his separate party, has backed khalra, whereas sampitroda hua toh hua remark on 1984 anti-sikh riots is likely to dent the congress chances.
2014 result: ranjit singh brahmpura of sad defeated harminder singh gill of congress by 100,569 votespatialain the ring: preneet kaur (congress) dr dharamvira gandhi (nawan punjab party) surjit singh rakhra (sad)quick take: chief minister amarinder singhs wife and former union minister preneet kaur is facing a triangular battle in her bid to reclaim the partys lost turf.
she had won the seat in 1999, 2004 and 2009, but suffered a shocking loss in the family fortress in 2014.
she was defeated by a political greenhorn, dr dharamvira gandhi of aap.
the congress candidate is harping on development, whereas gandhi, who turned rebel and formed his separate party, is counting on his popularity.
sads rakhra sees modi magic as his best bet.
gandhis npp is a constituent of six-party punjab democratic alliance.
2014 result: dr dharamvira gandhi of aap defeated preneet kaur of congress by 20,942 votesgurdaspurin the ring: sunil jakhar (congress) and sunny deol (bjp)quick take: the contest in gurdaspur constituency, which borders pakistan is between two outsiders  punjab congress president and sitting mp sunil jakhar and actor-turned-politician sunny deol.
though jakhar had won the seat by a 1.
93 lakh votes in the 2017 lok sabha bypoll after death of four-time mp and actor vinod khanna, sunnys roadshows have been a huge hit, causing worry in the congress camp.
the bjp candidate is banking on modis sway and his own appeal in the star-struck constituency.
on the other hand, jakhar, whose party is in power in punjab, is promising development, but has had to battle anti-incumbency against party mlas.
2014 result: vinod khanna of bjp defeated partap singh bajwa of congress by 136,065 voteschandigarhin the ring: kirron kher (bjp) and pawan kumar bansal (congress)quick take: it is 2014 election minus aam aadmi partys gul panag, who is not contesting.
the local issues are dominating the polls even though kher hopes to defeat bansal again riding on prime minister narendra modis popularity.
her inaccessibility is a major issue as compared to more accessible bansal, a local resident, and former mp.
2014 result: bjps kirron kher defeats congresss bansal by 69,642 votes.
biharpatna sahibin the ring: ravishankar prasad (bjp), shatrughan sinha (congress)quick take: the battle for patna sahib has turned into a prestige battle between the bjp and shatrughan sinha.
the saffron party is leaving no stone unturned for ravishankar prasads victory, who is contesting the elections for the first time.
the party president amit shah held a roadshow in his support on may 11.
2014 result: shatrughan sinha of bjp defeated kunal singh of congress by 265,805 votes.
patliputrain the ring: ram kripal yadav (bjp) and misa bharti (rjd)quick take: patliputra will see a battle royal between union minister ram kripal yadav and lalu prasads eldest daughter and rajya sabha mp misa bharti.
yadav had quit the rjd and joined the bjp after being denied a ticket by lalu prasad in favour of his daughter .
bharti lost the polls in 2014.
this time, left parties have extended their support to bharti.
2014 result: ram kripal yadav (bjp) defeated misa bharti (rjd) by more than 40,322 votesbuxarin the ring: ashwani kumar choubey (bjp) and jagadanand singh (rjd)quick take: union minister ashwani choubey is fighting anti-incumbency and caste combinations and is banking on modi factor for a win.
he is pitted against the rjds jagadanand singh.
2104 results: ashwini kumar chowbey (bjp) defeated jagadanand singh (rjd) by over 63,000 votes.
west bengaldiamond harbourin the ring: abhishek banerjee (trinamool congress), nilanjan roy (bharatiya janata party), fuad halim (communist party of india-marxist), soumya aich roy (congress)quick take: abhishek banerjee, the ruling party candidate in diamond harbour constituency and nephew of chief minister mamata banerjee, is also the heir apparent of the trinamool congress.
he is easily the most important face in the party after his aunt, and the party has pulled out all stops to ensure that he wins with a handsome margin.
though 31-year-old banerjee did not win by a big margin in 2014, his party candidates won all the seven assembly constituencies that constitute diamond harbour seat in the bengal assembly polls in 2016.
2014 result: abhishek banerjee (trinamool congress) defeated abul hasnat (communist party of india-marxist) by 71,298 votes.
jharkhanddumkain the ring: jmm patriarch shibu soren is up against bjps sunil soren.
quick take: jmm president and three term chief minister shibu soren is looking for a record ninth win from the seat in the tribal-dominated santhal pargana division, considered a party stronghold.
he is up against bjps sunil soren, who lost to the jmm president in 2014 by around 39,000 votes.
sunil soren is a former jmm legislator and the saffron party is banking on him to wrest the seat from the jmm president in order to make inroads into santhal.
a victory against shibu soren would be a major boost to the ruling partys prospects in the state assembly elections scheduled later this year.
2014 result: shibu soren of jmm defeated sunil soren of bjp by 39,193 votes.
himachal pradeshhamirpurin the ring: anurag thakur of bjp and ramlal thakur of congressquick take: the bjp has never lost from hamirpur lok sabha seat since 1998.
the seat is a family borough of former chief minister prem kumar dhumal.
his son anurag has won three consecutive elections since 2008, when he contested in a by-poll after his father got elected as chief minister of himachal.
the congress has fielded former state minister ramlal thakur, who is considered a strong rajput community leader and has good support base .
2014 result: anurag thakur defeated congresss rajender singh by 98,403 lakh votesmadhya pradeshkhandwain the ring: arun yadav (congress), nandkumar singh chauhan (bjp), dayaram korku (bsp)quick take: arun yadav and nandkumar singh chouhan former presidents of their respective state units are fighting for their political survival.
going by 2018 assembly election results, congress looks strong as it won four out of eight seats against bjps 3 seats.
chauhan is seeking votes in name of modi whereas yadav, whose father subhash yadav had won almost all elections from the region, on the work done by the congress government in the last four months.
yadav had defeated chauhan from the same seat in 2009 parliamentary elections by 49, 081 votes.
2014 result: nandkumar singh chauhan (bjp) defeated arun yadav (congress) by 259,714 votes.
prime minister narendra modi on wednesday fired a salvo at both pakistan and the congress party while addressing a rally at surendranagar in gujarats saurashtra region.
in his address, modi said, our neighbor (pakistan).
.
.
export of terrorism is its only occupation.
the countrys condition deteriorated due to the indecisiveness of the congress government.
one after another problems sprang up, but they could not offer any solution.
we changed the policies and went ahead with conviction.
today, in jammu and kashmir, we take action against those who try to ignite the fire.
he added, earlier, pakistani terrorists used to come and go.
pakistan used to threaten us, it used to say we have a nuclear bomb and we will press the button.
i want to say we have double the nuclear capacity.
i say (to pakistan), do whatever you can.
he further said, earlier, india used to cry foul to the world whenever pakistan threatened us.
but now pakistan will cry.
didnt our soldiers attack them inside their homes?
you tell me, should we break into the houses and beat them or should we sit idle?
shouldnt we take revenge for each and every martyr soldier?
addressing the crowd, modi added, today is mahavir jayanti.
today we should celebrate peace.
but when can we have peace?
you need to show your power to maintain peace in the world.
if you are weak, then no one will let you be in peace.
lashing out at the congress, pm modi said, congress calls indias army chief a street goon.
it calls the air chief a liar.
dont you think such talk will make pakistan happy?
the congress is asking for proof of the air-strike.
now, do you have faith in indian soldiers or in the pakistans statements?
.
delivering a nearly 20-minute long speech in gujarati, modi said, you need a strong leadership to run the country.
the country needs majboot (strong) government and not majboor (helpless) government.
the congress partys special adviser (sam pitroda), who frequently comes from the us, made a statement - middle class is selfish.
it should be taxed to run the country.
the congress plans to break the back of the middle class.
on the other side, the bjp has increased the income tax exemption limit to rs 5 lakh, modi said.
a top panel of secretaries has told prime minister narendra modi to make public broadcasters doordarshan (dd) and all india radio (air) corporate entities to reduce their dependence on government funds and give them elbow room to take decisions.
if accepted, the move will give the two entities run by prasar bharati the much needed flexibility and financial independence, on the lines of the bbc.
the idea is to make them corporate entity but under government control, said a senior bureaucrat.
in their january 3 presentation on the transport and communication sector, the panel  part of the 10 sectoral groups constituted by the pm to do a mid-term review of major programmes, review autonomous bodies and give ideas on the 2017-18 budget  also recommended reviewing the existence of prasar bharati, which runs air and doordarshan.
if air and dd are made corporate entities, prasar bharati may not be required, the panel told the pm.
though prasar bharati was given autonomy under the statute, it hardly used it.
from budgetary support for meeting its expenses to going to the centre for getting approval for every decision including recruitment, power remained centralised in the information and broadcasting ministry.
because of their dependence on government funds, it became difficult to distance them from getting influenced by the state, said an official.
not only had its revenues, the public broadcasters viewership also suffered.
according to the i&b ministrys figures, as against the revenue target of `1,600 crore, it managed to achieve `1,267 crore in 2015-16.
doordarshan garnered 900 -1000 gvl (gross viewership in lakhs) per week in 2016, far less compared to private tv channels.
but not all agree.
state sponsored corporate entities are mainly like psus, which is a subordinate body.
for a corporate entity to be successful it has to be free of state power, former prasar bharati ceo jawahar sircar said.
several committees, including the 2014 sampitroda panel, recommended structural reforms in pb like generating funds through commercialisation of part of its activities, power to frame rules for employees without seeking government approval, outsourcing content creation to external producers to attract quality.
but on the ground not much happened.
the lok sabha election is a mid-term test of popularity for the captain amarinder singh-led congress government in a multi-cornered fight in this border state.
the congress, which stormed to power with a two-thirds majority in march 2017 after a gap of 10 years, is facing the shiromani akali dal-bharatiya janata party (sad-bjp) combine, aam aadmi party (aap) and the punjab democratic alliance, a coalition of small parties, in the may 19 slugfest for the states 13 lok sabha constituencies.
the congress, gung-ho about its electoral prospects following massive victories in two bypolls, municipal and panchayats elections in the past two years, is looking to continue its winning streak and had launched mission 13 to make a clean sweep, as opposed to the three seats that it won in the 2014 general election.
however, the party has been weighed down by internal bickering, and anti-incumbency due to unkept poll promises, prompting the chief minister to issue a perform-or-perish warning to his ministers and legislators.
the stakes are similarly high for the sad-bjp coalition, but they too have been dealing with internal squabbles.
lok sabha elections 2019, phase 7 : follow live updates herethe sad-bjp alliance had won six seats in the 2014 parliamentary elections before getting pushed to the number three position with its worst-ever tally in the 2017 state polls.
the akalis, particularly the badals, have been on the back foot since the 2015 sacrilege (in which the holy book was desecrated in a series of incidents, which resulted in widespread protests), but they have taken the congress head on by countering its panthic pitch by raking up the 1984 anti-sikh riots, and congress leader sampitroda recent remarks about them that courted controversy.
for complete coverage of lok sabha elections 2019, click herethe aap, which won four seats in its debut in 2014, is in disarray.
though the party has fielded its candidates in all 13 seats, its battle is limited to sangrur and faridkot from where sitting mps bhagwant mann and sadhu singh are in the fray.
rebel aap leader sukhpal khaira, the pda comprising bahujan samaj party, punjab ekta party and communist party of india among others, has muddied the waters.
union minister harsimrat kaur badal will eye a hat-trick from bathinda, pitted against congress mla amrinder singh raja warring.
career diplomat-turned-politician, hardeep puri of the bjp is pitched against congresss sitting mp gurjeet singh aujla in amritsar.
actor sunny deol, who recently joined the bjp, will fight punjab congress president and sitting mp sunil jakhar.
former union minister preneet kaur will contest from patiala against sitting mp dharamvira gandhi of pda.
it is a close fight between the congress and the sad-bjp combine with the former facing anti-incumbency.
the akalis are on the path of resurgence from their low point of the 2017 state polls.
modi and his nationalism pitch are likely to work with urban hindus.
the sacrilege issue could help congress in pockets of malwa region, but a counter-narrative is being built on 1984 anti-sikh riots after pitrodas hua toh hua remark, pramod kumar, director, institute for development and communication, said.
chandigarh, bjps sitting mp kirron kher is up against former railways minister and four-time mp pawan kumar bansal of the congress.
in 2014, kher had defeated bansal, who was sacked from the united progressive alliance government after his nephew was caught accepting a bribe for allegedly fixing a top appointment in the railway board.
the aap, which polled 24  votes with actor gul panag as its nominee, has fielded former union minister harmohan dhawan.
a remark by senior congress leader sampitroda over the 1984 anti-sikh riots was completely out of line, party president rahul gandhi said on friday as the ruling bharatiya janata party (bjp) and prime minister narendra modi tore into the opposition party for what they said was an attempt to trivialise the violence.
i think thats completely out of line and i think he should apologise for this, gandhi said in an interview to news website theprint on friday, describing as a tragedy the riots triggered by the october 31, 1984 assassination of his grandmother and then pm indira gandhi by two of her sikh bodyguards.
it caused tremendous pain to the people.
and i think he absolutely owes everybody an apology, gandhi said.
on thursday, asked to comment on the riots, pitroda had said, hua to hua (it happened, it happened).
on friday, pitroda, who is the chief of the indian overseas congress, apologised for the comment, but not before it triggered a barrage of criticism, including by his colleagues and by bjp leaders.
yesterday, one of the tallest leaders of the congress, speaking in a loud voice on 1984, said, 84 ka danga hua to hua.
do you know who this leader is, he is very close to the gandhi family this leader was a very good friend of rajiv gandhi and guru of congress naamdar (dynast) president, modi said at a rally in rohtak on friday.
a day earlier, bjp chief amit shah highlighted pitrodas controversial remark in a tweet and said it reflected the congresss stand on the issue.
union ministers arun jaitley and prakash javadekar too criticised pitrodas hua to hua comment.
senior leaders of the congress distanced themselves from pitrodas remarks on friday.
it is not the partys stand, the party condemns it.
all leaders should be careful about what they say, congress leader abhishek singhvi said at a press conference in delhi.
congress has worked to provide justice to the victims of 1984 riots.
no act of violence and riots can be forgiven, he added.
punjab chief minister captain amarinder singh too said he did not approve of pitrodas statement.
i have said it already, i dont accept that statement.
its the duty of the successive governments to find out how it happened, who all were responsible, it must be found, doesnt matter how many years have passed, he said.
the 1984 riots took place at the end of october-early november 1984 year when mobs, some allegedly including members of the congress party, killed members of the sikh community in retaliation for indira gandhis assassination.
we continue to support the quest for justice and stern punishment for those found guilty in 1984 riots as also the subsequent acts of violence including the 2002 gujarat riots.
any opinion remark made by any individual to the contrary including shri sampitroda is not the opinion of the congress party.
we advise all leaders to be careful and sensitive, the congress said in another statement that was released by chief spokesperson randeep surjewala.
while apologising, pitroda also said his comment had been blown out of proportion.
my hindi is not that good, i think in english and translate in hindi.
.
.
i could not translate bura in my mind.
.
.
what i really meant to say is jo hua bura hua tha (what happened was bad), he said.
indiaupdated: aug 20, 2019 13:01 istto pay homage and to celebrate former prime minister rajiv gandhis life on his 75th birth anniversary, the congress has planned a host of events across the country.
senior congress leaders, including interim party president sonia gandhi, former party chief rahul gandhi and partys general secretary priyanka gandhi paid tributes to the former pm at veer bhumiin new delhi.
former president pranab mukherjee, former vice-president hamid ansari and former prime minister dr manmohan singh also attended the prayer meeting at veer bhumi.
rahul and priyanka took to twitter to remember their father.
today we celebrate the 75th birth anniversary of rajiv gandhi ji, a patriot & a visionary, whose far sighted policies helped build india.
to me, he was a loving father who taught me never to hate, to forgive & to love all beings, rahul tweeted.
from my father, i learned how to listen to peoples stories and find a place in my heart for them no matter how contrary to mine they might be.
from him, i learned how to keep smiling and keep walking no matter how difficult the path might be, priyanka gandhi tweeted along with a poem by ee cumming.
prime minister narendra modi also tweeted tributes for the former pm.
the congress has readied a line-up of events to mark the day.
rahul gandhi is expected to make a speech at a function at indira gandhi stadium on august 22.
a cultural programme, with a performance by shubha mudgal is also on the cards during the event.
rajiv gandhis contemporaries like mani shankar aiyar and sampitroda may also speak about his life.
an earlier plan to hold meetings with youth leaders from across parties as a symbolic gesture of allowing for more participation of young people in politics was not taken forward.
on monday, telangana pcc president rc khuntia handed over the rajiv jyothi (a flame in his memory) to rahul gandhi in delhi.
every year, the rajiv jyothi is brought from sriperumbudur in tamil nadu, where rajiv gandhi breathed his last.
the flame, ignited on august 9 this year, travelled across andhra pradesh, odisha, west bengal, jharkhand, bihar, uttar pradesh, haryana and delhi.
all party state units across the country have been holding various events.
the indian youth congress is holding a nationwide blood donation camp where senior congress leaders are expected to participate.
prime minister narendra modi will be addressing poll rallies in uttar pradeshs amroha and saharanpur and uttarakhands dehradun on friday.
congress general secretary priyanka gandhi will hold a roadshow in ghaziabad on friday in support of the partys candidate dolly sharmain ghaziabad, while bjp chief amit shah will addressing rallies in arunachal pradesh, manipur and assam.
follow live updates here:12:50 pm ist chowkidars govt has protected the interests of everyone: modi chowkidars govt has protected the interests of everyone, be it farmers or anyone else.
yogi govt is working towards it.
more than two crore farmers families of up are getting direct benefit every year.
i have never claimed that i have fulfilled every promise but i have worked day-night to make your life easy .
12:45 pm ist bjp govt has reined in criminals in up: modi modi says,  votebank politics has hurt the country.
in sp rule, criminals were roaming freely in western up.
but today the bjp govt has put a stop to this.
we have warned them to mend their ways or theyll be jailed.
12:40 pm ist we have to move forward together for the development  we have to move forward together for the development of the country, some people are trying to create a divide on the basis of caste, you need to be aware of them.
: modi12:35 pm ist sp-bsp was soft on terror modi says, it was because of the soft attitude of congress, sp and bsp that the terrorists became bold.
adds, attacks have stopped in past five years because you have appointed a chowkidar in delhi.
terrorists know modi will go after them even in hell.
12:30 pm ist taking action against terrorists wasnt liked by some people should we talk to militants?
should we not send them to jail?
retaliating to terrorists is not liked by some people in our country, when pak is getting exposed in the world, these people are siding with pak.
the soft attitude towards terrorism has emboldened terrorists: modi12:28 pm ist uae civilian award for india, not me: modi pm modi: your pradhan sevak was awarded the top civilian award by uae.
i thank the government of uae.
this is an achievement for india, not me.
says a strong government is must to take india ahead in the world.
12:26 pm ist pm modi addresses rally in amroha pm narendra modi addressing election rally in amroha, up.
12:25 pm ist have no anger towards narendra modi: rahul rahul gandhi: i love mr narendra modi, i have no anger or hatred towards him.
12:23 pm ist i am wedded to my work: rahul gandhi asked who should be the heroine in his biopic, rahul gandhi says,  i am wedded to my work.
asked about celebrating raksha bandhan, says he keeps till it breaks.
my sister is my closest friend, says rahul gandhi,12:18 pm ist (congress) will create 100 million jobs: sampitroda sampitroda also present at the event.
says, the real challenge today is jobs.
we will create 100 million jobs when we come to power12:44 pm ist politicians need to be asked questions we dont appreciate questions in our system.
i have the guts to answer your questions even if some questions might make me uncomfortable.
why is the pm not standing here?
we have to move from memorisation-centric system to a question-centric system.
my message is ask questions, i am a politician, so i need to be asked questions, made uncomfortable.
our politicians need to be asked questions: rahul gandhi12:08 pm ist against politicisation of airstrikes: rahul gandhi iaf should get credit for the recent air strikes.
but i am against politicisation of the air strikes, i feel uncomfortable when the pm politicises these issues: rahul gandhi12:06 pm ist planning commission was a strategic institution asked about doing away with niti aayog, rahul gandhi says, planning commission was a strategic institution.
we want an institution that allows us to solve problems at a large scale, that is why we want planning commission, for strategic thinking.
niti aayog is a tactical institution.
12:03 pm ist demonetisation a disastrous idea, says rahul gandhi rahul gandhi: demonetisation was a disastrous idea, had terrible effect on economy, millions of jobs lost, economy was jammed shut.
not much can be done now about notebandi.
but we want to give access to young entrepreneurs to the banking system and loans.
we will do away with permissions for three years for businesses, part of our manifesto.
22 lakh govt jobs are vacant.
we will increase expenditure on education and health.
once nyay scheme is implemented, jobs will be created and economy will revive.
11:59 am ist will ensure 33  reservation in parliament, assemblies: rahul gandhi ensure one-third of parliament and vidhan sabha is guaranteed for women when we come to power in 2019, and 33  of jobs are reserved for women: rahul gandhi.
come and talk to me, well ensure you become interested in politics, says rahul gandhi to the student who asked the question.
11:55 am ist plenty of money in the system: rahul on being asked about income scheme asked about how funds for rs 72,000 scheme being raised, rahul gandhi said, how many jobs have anil ambani or mehul choksi given to the country?
how many people have had their loans written off?
there is plenty of money in the system, the money will come who have dominated the banking system and not given anything back, says rahul gandhi.
indian economy is jammed shut, the moment money is put in peoples hands, they will start buying and the economy will revive.
11:50 am ist link between university education and businesses needed: rahul gandhi the rs 72,000 promise will happen.
says rahul gandhi when asked about congress manifesto.
asked about educated youth being underemployed and underpaid, rahul gandhi says, 27,000 jobs are being lost every 24 hours in india.
because we do not respect skill, a persons capability.
no link between university and businesses, such a link is needed.
11:42 am ist i am persistent, will do what i have to do: rahul rahul says he got courage to be what he is today from accepting the truth and works on the basis of truth.
from truth comes humility, from humility comes courage.
i dont like to make excuses and am persistent.
i stand up for people who are weak like farmers.
11:37 am ist congress chief rahul gandhi interacts with students in pune congress president rahul gandhi is in pune and interacting with a group of students.
asked how he should be addressed, he says rahul is fine.
11:12 am ist modi govt has started reining in militants: amit shah amit shah said: narendra modi government has started reining in militants; after pulwama attack, modi government launched air strike on terror camp.
we were given respect after that.
sam pitroda questioned air strikes.
bjps policy is clear that whoever crosses indias boundaries, attacks us, will be answered, we will reply with cannons.
11:10 am ist arunachal has become financially independent: amit shah arunachal pradesh earned rs 927 crore revenue and the credit goes to prema khandu ji.
its going to make this state financially independent: amit shah11:08 am ist modi govt worked to make itanagar as smart city: shah modi government worked to make itanagar and pasighat as smart city, says amit shah.
its for the first time that bjp is fighting on all the seats of state assembly of arunachal pradesh.
our winning streak started with this region when three mlas of our party were elected uncontested.
11:03 am ist modi ji instructed his ministers to visit northeast every fortnight: shah amit shah says: modi ji instructed his ministers to visit northeast every fortnight.
it was done to pay attention to the issues and resolve them.
all parts of northeast are now connected with airways and railways.
the government gave rs 50,000 crore for the development of roads of arunachal pradesh.
11 am ist bjp brought peace in northeast: amit shah in arunachal pradesh bjp president amit shah is addressing an election rally in arunachal pradesh.
says, five years ago, northeast was disturbed and there was hardly any development.
after five years, bjp brought peace in the region and is on path of development.
10:39 am ist rahul gandhi to address public meetings in maharashtra congress chief rahul gandhi will be in maharashtra for a students interaction in pune, and two public meetings in chandrapur and wardha.
10.
prime minister narendra modi and bahujan samaj party (bsp) chief mayawati on saturday accused the congress of hushing up an alleged gangrape in rajasthans alwar until polling had been held in the constituency, launching a broadside in separate election rallies in uttar pradesh where some areas are yet to vote.
the crime in alwar led to protests across the state after the womans husband said she was raped on april 26 and the police were informed on april 30, but a first information report (fir) was filed only on may 7.
rajasthan voted in the lok sabha polls in two phases, on april 29 and may 6.
the congress which is in power in rajasthan has tried to suppress the news of the gangrape of a dalit woman due to the polls in that state, modi said at an election meeting in ghazipur in eastern up.
the prime minister said the congress cannot give nyay (justice) to the daughters of the country, indirectly invoking the name of the income support scheme that the opposition party has promised to launch for the poorest of the poor if voted to power.
a rajasthan congress spokesperson denied the allegations and said the negligence was on the part of police officials.
nobody is suppressing the matter.
there was some negligence from the side of police.
we have taken action against them, said archana sharma, who added that the government had brought in new initiatives to help rape victims.
modi also brought up congress leader sampitroda hua toh hua (if it happened, it happened) remark on the 1984 anti-sikh riots, saying it reflected that partys arrogance.
pitroda apologised and congress president rahul gandhi said the remark was out of line.
speaking at a rally in lucknow, mayawati too said the congress government in rajasthan had suppressed news of the alwar incident to serve its political interests.
the bsp chief said the supreme court should take cognizance of the incident and the main accused should be given capital punishment.
the top court should take strict action against the congress government in rajasthan and the police administration for suppressing the incident and intimidating the victim, she said.
the incident in alwar led to the removal of the district police chief, the local police station in-charge and five policemen, and the state government said a senior bureaucrat would investigate allegations of inaction and compile a report this month.
police arrested the six suspects named by the woman on may 9.
on april 26, the woman and her husband were travelling on a motorcycle when the accused, who were on two motorcycles, stopped them on the thanagazi-alwar bypass and took them to an isolated place off the road.
they allegedly beat the husband and raped the woman in front of him, threatening them with dire consequences.
one of the suspects filmed the assault on his phone.
in a report sent to the national human rights commission (nhrc), the rajasthan police said a case was registered on may 2 but did not mention the date when the woman approached the superintendent of police with her complaint.
ht has a copy of the report.
according to the family of the gang rape survivor, the woman went to the alwar sps office on april 30.
alwar sp rajeev pachar was removed on may 7 and the thana gazi sho sardar singh suspended for their alleged laxity in the case.
a protest was staged in alwar on saturday against the alleged delay in police action in the.
the protest was led by bjp rajya sabha member kirorilal meena.
a large number of people gathered in front of a temple and blocked traffic at roopvaas gate in the city.
union minister arun jaitley on friday asked whether congress president rahul gandhi will oust partys overseas chief sampitroda for his comment on the 1984 sikh genocide that it (riots) happened in 1984, so what?
will the congress president oust his guru, who rubbishes the genocide of indias most patriotic community in 1984?
jaitley tweeted.
sam pitrodas hua to hua reaction to the 1984 sikh killings is reflective of the lack of remorse on the part of congress party with respect to the 1984 genocide, he wrote in another tweet.
it is a matter of disgrace that the congress party has no remorse over the sikh killings of 1984, he added.
pitroda, when asked about bjps claim that instructions to kill in 1984 had come from late prime minister rajiv gandhi, said, it (riots) happened in 1984, so what?
on the other hand, pitroda accused the bjp of twisting his words and distorting facts to hide their failures.
he also said he had acknowledged the pain of sikhs during the 1984 anti-sikh riots.
i have noticed how bjp is again twisting three words from my interview to distort facts, divide us and hide their failures.
sad that they have nothing positive to offer.
i acknowledged the pain of my sikh brothers and sisters during difficult times in 1984 and deeply feel for the atrocities that happened.
but these are things from past that are not really relevant to this election which is all about what did modi government do for the last five years, pitroda tweeted on friday.
he went on to say that the bjp is attacking the congress with such lies as it has no vision to take india forward.
(this story has been published from a wire agency feed without modifications to the text.
only the headline has been changed.
prime minister narendra modi on monday took a jibe at the congress, saying when the misdeeds of the grand old party are questioned, they reply back saying hua toh hua (so what, if it happened).
they ask for votes in the name of their ancestors, but when questioned on their (ancestors) misdeeds, they say hua to hua, modi said at a rally in bathinda.
modi was referring to congress leader sampitroda hua toh hua remark on 1984 anti-sikh riots.
the congress is in chaos because the truth is out about what it had always had in its heart for years.
the statement exposes the insensitivity of the congress and traditions it follows, said modi.
addressing the gathering, sad president sukhbir singh badal said the congress is trying to implicate the akali leadership in sacrilege cases.
earlier, at a rally in himachals solan, the prime minister said while the congress was running a campaign to defame him, he was running a campaign to uplift indias image globally.
this naamdar (dynast) said openly that he is running a campaign to defame and defeat me.
but modis mission is uplifting our countrys image abroad, he said .
congress president rahul gandhi reiterated on monday that sampitroda must apologise for his comments on the 1984 anti-sikh riots.
i told him this over the phone, i told him what he said was wrong, he should be ashamed and apologise publicly, rahul gandhi said at a rally in punjabs fatehgarh on monday, ani reported.
on friday, pitroda, who is the chief of the indian overseas congress, apologised for his hua toh hua remark over the 1984 riots.
the remarks triggered a barrage of criticism, including by his colleagues and by bjp leaders.
prime minister narendra modi said that pitrodas comment showed congresss arrogance and character.
one of the tallest leaders of the congress, speaking in a loud voice on 1984, said, 84 ka danga hua to hua.
do you know who this leader is, he is very close to the gandhi family this leader was a very good friend of rajiv gandhi and guru of congress naamdar (dynast) president, modi said at a rally in rohtak on friday.
senior leaders of the congress distanced themselves from pitrodas remarks .
it is not the partys stand, the party condemns it.
all leaders should be careful about what they say, congress leader abhishek singhvi said at a press conference in delhi.
congress has worked to provide justice to the victims of 1984 riots.
no act of violence and riots can be forgiven, he added.
also read: was misrepresented: sampitroda apologises for 1984 riots remarkwhile apologising, pitroda also said his comment had been blown out of proportion.
my hindi is not that good, i think in english and translate in hindi.
.
.
i could not translate bura in my mind.
.
.
what i really meant to say is jo hua bura hua tha (what happened was bad), he said.
the 1984 riots took place at the end of october-early november 1984 year when mobs, some allegedly including members of the congress party, killed members of the sikh community in retaliation for indira gandhis assassination.
aam aadmi party (aap) national convener and delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal on monday said sitting mp bhagwant mann will win with a huge margin from the sangrur constituency.
he said this during a roadshow  his first in punjab in the lok sabha elections  that started at khanauri in moonak sub-division at 9am and culminated late in the evening at barnala town before passing through lehra, sunam, longowal, badbar and dhanaula towns.
accompanied by mann, leader of opposition harpal singh cheema and sunam mla aman arora, the aap leader addressed his supporters and residents of dozens of villages.
he (mann) will create history by winning the sangrur seat for second time.
also, the aap will also perform well across the state and will win more seats as compared to the 2014 elections, he said.
he condemned congress leader sampitroda for his hua to hua (so what if it happened) remark on the 1984 anti- sikh riots, saying, he should have not said this.
it is unfortunate.
prime minister narendra modi and punjab chief minister amarinder singh have not fulfilled even a single poll promise they made to the people.
both have cheated on the people of the state who reposed faith in them, he said.
if the akal dal or congress workers offer you money take it since there will be no monitoring during polling.
but vote for aap, he said address a gathering at lehal kalan village.
also read | lok sabha elections 2019: sangrur constituency will be a litmus test for aapmeanwhile, the delhi cm was shown black flags at khanauri and sunam where the protesters alleged that sangrur mp bhagwant mann has done nothing for their villages.
they also expressed anger over kejriwals apology to former akali minister bikram singh majithia over drug mafia allegations.
the residents also raised slogans against the aap convener and the party.
he spoiled the atmosphere of the state with false allegations but withdrew his statement later by apologising to majithia, said amandeep singh, a resident of khanauri.
mann promised to give rs 5 lakh to those panchayats which would elect their sarpanches unopposed but he never visited our village to give funds, said a protester in sunam.
bjp president amit shah sunday said article 370 that gives special powers to kashmir will be scrapped if narendra modi is elected as prime minister again.
addressing his first rally at chogan maidan in chamba district, shah said former jammu and kashmir chief minister omar abdullah said there should be another prime minister for the state whereas congress in its manifesto declared it will review afspa in kashmir and amend provisions of sedition law.
all this indicated their mindset but if the bjp comes to power again and modi becomes prime minister, article 370 will be removed for sure, he added.
the bjp chief is campaigning in support of kangra bjp candidate kishan kapoor.
targeting the congress on the issue of national security, he said the manmohan singh led previous congress government did nothing when pakistan beheaded five india soldiers but under modi rule airstrikes were carried out in balakot.
targeting pitroda further, the bjp chief said, if you ask a question regarding the 1984 anti-sikh riots, the congress says hua to hua.
if you ask a question regarding the 26/11 attacks in mumbai and migration of kashmiri pandits, congress says hua to hua.
shah also noted that it was for the first time that the opposition has not made corruption an issue as it has been wiped out during the modi government.
counting various development works done in hp under the modi government, shah said, process is on to set up an international airport at mandi.
it will be done after modi government comes to power again at the centre.
hp cm jai ram thakur and veteran bjp leader shanta kumar were present in the rally.
also read| born as backward, taking india forward: pm modis comeback to mayawaticongress has pitted sitting mla pawan kajal against hp minister kishan kapoor from kangra.
the bjp chief is scheduled to address two more rallies later in the day in hps bilaspur and nahan in support of bjp candidates anurag thakur and suresh kashyap from hamirpur and shimla lok sabha seats respectively.
(this story has been published from a wire agency feed without modifications to the text.
union finance minister arun jaitley spoke to shishir gupta and rajeev jayaswal about a range of issues including the reserve bank of india, economic growth, the congress manifesto, kashmir, and electoral bonds.
edited excerpts:in 2014, the repo rate was 8 , in 2019 the repo rate is 6 .
in your view, whether an economist is the better choice as rbi governor or somebody who has done education in history?
i dont think you can give a generalised reply - youve had many civil servants who have been rbi governors and they were not necessarily economists.
they had handled economic departments.
dr cd deshmukh was a legendary governor.
his education was in natural science and his area of specialisation was sanskrit.
the present governor [shaktikanta das] has been a history student but if youve spent 35 to 40 years of your life in the management of the economic activity in the country, right from the tehsil to the district to the state capital to the centre, you know the country a little better.
you also had some very good economists as long as they knew india well, and i think whats more important is not to be dogmatic and become a prisoner of a particular image but to act as per the immediate requirements, the fundamental requirements of the economy and the market.
rbi has reflected some uncertainties, and said there were some signs of domestic investments weakening.
it has reduced gdp forecast from 7.
4  to 7.
2 these are periodic assessments that they do and they keep revising it.
ultimately, estimates are estimates, situations change also.
for instance, theres a certain drop in automobile sales but then the fixed investment is up by 14.
7  in the non-food sector.
credit has gone up.
thats an indication of investment.
with the kind of infrastructure investments, both national urban and also rural infrastructure that we have been doing and which has been planned over the next five years, theres going to be a very large economic activity.
there are forecasts that there will be el nino effect and inflation will rise.
lets wait for the meteorological departments predictions also, and when you look at this, you have to see the spread of the monsoon and where the dry pockets are.
if the dry pockets are in your key agricultural goal areas, its a serious concern.
but if theyre on the margins, every year some areas will be stagnant.
economic growth is a work-inprogress because many of the measures are medium- to long-term.
how does one communicate this to an electorate that wants results quickly?
lets not underestimate the electorate.
indias electorate is shrewd take rural india - in infrastructure they got roads, they got cooking gas, they got toilets, electricity and some got houses.
and then they got health care.
they are aspirational and they know everyone will have a house in the next three years.
every home will have a tap.
every village or cluster of villages will have a playground.
similarly, you are now, in terms of seeds, fertilizers, electricity, subsidising the farmer, youre partly subsidising his insurance.
youve increased his msp but the market gap still remains.
he knows the government will take all steps that his gap reduces.
you have started by increasing his income support.
as the government resources increase, im quite sure the governments ability to spend more on each of this will increase.
in infrastructure, if you can build 10,000 kms of highways, you can get more metros, better cities for urban life.
these are areas of growth - obviously all this is going to be increased.
talking about the bjp manifesto, you said the other day it is going to have specific goals.
lets wait for the manifesto.
i cant comment on that.
in 2014, the bjp was against a divided opposition and people at that point also thought that there was no way but ultimately turned out there was a way.
this time, theres a partially unified opposition.
do you still see a wave for the bjp?
when every poll is indicating a 60-70  approval rating of the prime minister, and the undercurrent is that we want modi back.
how do psephologists transfer it to the number of seats?
i think traditional arithmetic doesnt matter here.
the chemistry of state politics has changed .
now when you look back at the last five years, do you think the bureaucracy performed well with you?
they were used to a different culture but i dont have any complaints.
i think there has been a fairly competent civil service, may be a few exceptions, but by and large i cant find any programmes we have been handling that have been hindered by them.
bureaucrats of some states have done it for political reasons.
congress has talked about the nyay minimum income guarantee scheme in their manifesto.
is it feasible?
its a bluff in every sense.
total dbt [direct benefit transfers] that centre and states are giving - its more than that.
will that be counted towards income?
supposing in telangana, the total dbt is 15  in the poor mans account, will that 15,000 be part of the eligibility criteria or not?
if it is yes, the scheme is non-existent.
and if it is no, then for working you get more than what the minimum wage of the country is.
secondly, where do you get the resources from?
is it over and above?
the manifesto says only merit subsidies will stay.
there are 950 subsidies, and you can declare any one of them as non-merit.
so theres a catch.
secondly, it says it will be a centre-state scheme, you are already washing it off your hands.
and advisors to rahul gandhi -- abhijeet banerjee and now sampitroda -- i have heard both of them on television saying probably taxes will have to be increased so thats the only way.
we have consciously tried to strengthen indias middle class.
with every budget, we have increased its spending capacity by liberating it from taxes.
we brought indirect taxes  gst [goods and services tax] down.
for housing , we have brought it down to negligible level.
the future of the indian economy is the middle class and the neo-middle class and todays poor should eventually become a part of that.
and the congress manifesto -theres not a single word nor a paragraph nor a sentence on indias middle-class whose purchasing powerwill make india dominate, not only domestically but also internationally.
in fact, rahul gandhis statement yesterday is the most obnoxious statement ever given by a serious politician.
he said well fund it by collecting it from the chor businessmen that modi patronised.
peoples democratic party chief mehbooba mufti has said that if you remove article 370, it means the area will be india-occupied kashmir.
its a preposterous suggestion.
i think kashmir doesnt belong to mehbooba mufti.
the two mainstream parties of the state are letting both the state and people, the kashmiris, down.
they are also letting india down.
they cant run with the horse and hunt with the hounds.
our priority is peace, security and progress in the valley.
and today, weve started enforcing the rule of law, after all the steps we have taken in the past two-three months, theres absolute peace in the valley.
lets first correct the mistaken notion of history  neither article 371 nor 35a article 370 was not a part of the instrument of accession, which took place in october 1947.
article 35a was surreptitiously slipped in 1954.
theres no provision for secession of any territory from india.
some constitutions have it, india doesnt.
no indian or any government can do it.
this is as absurd an argument as suggesting that if the westminster was to repeal the indian independent act, india will lose its independence because the document through which you got it has vanished.
so youll be back to august 14, 1947.
former home and finance minister p chidambaram has talked about afspa [armed forces special powers act] and questioned you on it.
the upa [united progressive alliance] failed to normalise parts of tripura, meghalaya and arunachal, we normalised them.
its only then that we withdrew afspa.
is the situation in kashmir comparable?
when a terrorist is killed or arrested and his family asks for prosecution of the officer, dont say that you killed an innocent man.
today there are 1,799 complaints in the past several years.
if you accept the congress manifesto, you will have 20,000 officers not defending the country but facing trials .
the congress talks about repealing the sedition act.
what is your view?
jawaharlal nehru, indira gandhi, rajiv gandhi, narsimha rao and manmohan singh were also wise people - they wouldnt have gone to the jnus [jawaharlal nehru university] tukde-tukde function.
why did they not repeal section 124a?
you have people openly talking about secession of india.
and what signal do you want to send by saying that it should be repealed.
chidambaram argues prosecute them under the unlawful activities act thats the catch.
whenever he says something, look at the detail, the devil is always there.
the act to all these offences now applies the crpc [code of criminal procedure].
the congress says the crpc will now make bail the rule and jail the exception.
thats where hes going.
the act doesnt have the provisions of the earlier anti-terrorist laws.
on niti aayog, rahul gandhi has said it should be scrapped.
according to me, it is too late to go back to the regulatory days.
the planning commission was born out of the regulatory mindset.
it should have disappeared two decades ago.
i have a suggested a council-like structure for agriculture, rural development and health care.
and i am glad that my idea finds a mention in the congress manifesto.
there is opposition to electoral bonds from other partiesthe original system was 100  cash, 100   non-transparency.
whos the donor is not known, who brings it is not known, how much is pilfered is not known, how is it spent is not known.
this merrily went on for 50-60 years.
and all black money.
today we have said people can, by cheques or electoral bonds, get a tax rebate.
cheques you can pay directly or you can pay an electoral trust to mask your identity and the trust will distribute to whichever political party.
who brought the electoral trusts?
mr pranab mukherjee in his budget.
so masking the identity was the idea of the manmohan singh government.
otherwise people would say my identity as a donour is disclosed, i go back to cash.
we have now added electoral bonds , what does that involve  payment by cheque, disclosure to the state bank of india, disclosure in your own balance sheet.
bonds go to the political parties and get exhausted in 15 days.
the political party must have a single declared account which the ec [election commission] monitors and must file annual election returns to the commission  its 100  white money and improved transparency.
the only area where transparency is not there is how the buyer of the bonds distributes them or give them to a political party.
the political groups that are criticising it are the ones which prefer cash over declared money.
the ngos that are campaigning are well-meaning but they never have a solution for anything.
they have a problem for every solution.
they never suggest a solution.
the congress has carried out an elaborate revamp exercise in its faction-ridden karnataka unit to pacify all warring leaders and the same formula is expected to be used in other states as well in a bid to stem the partys electoral slide that started with the debacle in the 2014 lok sabha polls.
congress vice-president rahul gandhi is keen to make the party fighting fit for all upcoming elections, including the 2019 lok sabha polls and for that, unity in states is paramount.
the changes in karnataka suggest that all factions will be taken on board to bring about that harmony in states.
gandhi realises that a revival at the national level is possible only when the congress resurrects itself in states and for that it is important to strengthen the regional satraps.
despite coming from the janata parivar background, chief minister k siddaramaiah remains as of now the powerful congress leader in karnataka and any attempt to undermine his authority could have hurt the partys chances of retaining power in the upcoming assembly elections.
like captain amarinder singh in punjab and virbhadra singh in himachal pradesh, siddaramaiah is considercongress names sampitroda as head of overseas department, creates fishermen celled a mass leader in karnataka, a reason why the congress leadership decided to go to elections under him once again and projected him as the partys chief ministerial candidate.
karnataka is the only big state after punjab where the congress is in power and fancies its chances given that the bjp is a divided house with a section led by backward caste leader ks easwarappa up in arms against its chief bs yeddyurappa who belongs to the powerful lingayat community.
a win in karnataka will boost the sagging morale of congress workers across the country given that the party appears doubtful about its fortunes in gujarat and himachal pradesh, which go to polls in december this year.
but gandhi wants to correct the perception that the grand old party has lost the drive and energy to fight the elections and having broad-based consultations with state leaders before revamping is part of his strategy.
the same formula is expected to be replicated in jharkhand, chhattisgarh, odisha, bihar, madhya pradesh and other states.
there has been no dearth of unusual experiences for rahul gandhi ever since he took a plunge into active politics in 2004.
the congress president on monday narrated how a woman sought his help to rescue her murderer-husband, and ever since, he has been trying to answer how politicians can help the common people.
gandhi said that he met the woman in a market when he was travelling in uttar pradesh some years ago while addressing the international conference of the global organization of people of indian origin (gopio) in bahraina lady came running to me and she said, mujhe in logon ne barbad kar diya hai.
(these people have destroyed my life).
so i asked, who has destroyed your life?
she said, the police have destroyed my life because they have charged my husband with a 302 case (murder charge) on my husband, gandhi said in his first address to nris outside india after taking over as congress president.
gandhi has frequently toured indias most populous state, where his parliamentary constituency amethi is.
the 47-year-old leader said he initially felt the lady was complaining about a false case  a common occurrence in rural india.
so gandhi, who was elected as the congress president in december last year, asked a policeman why was a false case lodged against the man.
when i said this to him, he had a surprised look.
so i got suspicious.
i turned around and asked the lady, has your husband actually murdered someone?
she said, yes, he has murdered someone, gandhi said at an event attended by congress leaders shashi tharoor and sam pitroda.
gandhi said he then countered the woman and asked her how could she seek his help if her husband has actually murdered someone.
she asked me two questions that day.
she looked at me and asked, to phir tum rajneta idhar kyun chakkar kaat rahe ho?
tum rajnetaon ka kya fayda hai?
since that day wherever i go, i try to answer those two important questions, gandhi told the audience.
gandhi is visiting bahrain as its state guest and is expected to return to india on january 9.
as campaigning for the lok sabha polls entered its final phase, prime minister narendra modi sunday predicted defeat of the opposition parties, saying the people were voting for an effective government.
opposition parties will fall flat in lok sabha polls.
this is because people are voting for an effective and honest government, he said at an election rally here.
attacking the sp-bsp alliance, modi said he had been the chief minister of gujarat more than the terms of akhilesh yadav and mayawati as uttar pradesh chief ministers combined, and there was no blot of corruption on him.
watch | pm modi: will soldiers take ecs permission before shooting militants?
hitting out at bsp chief mayawati for her remarks on the alwar gangrape case, the prime minister asked her not to shed crocodile tears for the victim.
also read| born as backward, taking india forward: pm modis comeback to mayawatiif you are serious, why dont you withdraw support from the congress government in rajasthan, he asked.
even the congress government wanted to suppress the incident involving a dalit woman, he said, adding that the party thought hua toh hua, a reference to sampitroda remark on 1984 anti-sikh riots.
referring to the encounter in shopian district of jammu and kashmir sunday morning, the prime minister wondered, will our jawans take ecs permission before opening fire at militants?
opposition kya khel bana rakha hai?
(what drama is the opposition enacting).
he said it was surprising to note that the opposition parties were saying that elections were on and the security forces were opening fire at militants.
congress president rahul gandhi has hit back at prime minister narendra modi for his comments against his father, former pm rajiv gandhi.
pm modi had said that life of rahul gandhis father ended as corrupt number 1.
modi ji, the battle is over.
your karma awaits you.
projecting your inner beliefs about yourself onto my father wont protect you.
all my love and a huge hug, rahul gandhi tweeted.
his sister and congress general secretary priyanka gandhi targeted the pm and said the people of amethi will give a befitting reply to modi.
the congress has also slammed modis comments and said they were hurtful.
why did he say that?
we are ashamed of the statement, i am a gujarati too & come from gandhi jis state.
priyanka gandhi vadra (@priyankagandhi) may 5, 2019pm modi, at a rally in ups pratapgarh on saturday, had accused rahul gandhi of trying to tarnish his image over the rafale fighter jet deal.
your father was termed mr clean by his courtiers, but his life ended as bhrastachari number 1 (corrupt number 1), modi was quoted as saying by news agency pti.
the prime minister said that only bjp can give a stable government at the centre and the opposition wants to tarnish his image and form a weak government.
prime minister narendra modi on sunday took a swipe at the congress while saying that madhya pradesh was being run by 2.
5 chief ministers.
addressing a rally at khandwa in madhya pradesh, the pm said, see for yourself in madhya pradesh.
there are two and a half chief ministers of the same party.
the administration does not know whose order to obey.
goons, killers and dacoits have been given an open licence.
he also referred to congress leader sampitroda hua to hua remark in reference to the 1984 anti-sikh riots and said that it exposed the oppositions mentality.
the congress even ensured the escape of bhopal gas tragedy accused (warren anderson) as they believe in hua to hua, modi said.
congress hatched the hindu terror conspiracy to defame our religious heritage, he said.
it doesnt matter how many janeus they show, the congress and its mahamilavat allies will never rid themselves of the sin of putting the blot of terrorism on hindu religion, he said.
he went on to say that the congress had tried to suppress the famous singer kishore kumar, but he refused to come under their pressure.
in return, the congress banned all kishore kumar songs during the emergency.
now if the congress is asked about it, they will say hua to hua, he said.
earlier, in an election meeting in kushinagar, the pm had raised questions as to why the bsp chief mayawati was continuing to support the congress government in rajatshan even after the gang rape of a dalit woman in alwar.
addressing a rally in kushinagar, pm modi said, behenji you will have to answer, why didnt you withdraw support to rajasthans congress govt after a dalit daughter was gang-raped in the state?
you are shedding crocodile tears by only making statements.
the bsp supremo, in a stinging response to the pm, had accused him of indulging in dirty politics and had said, in the wake of this (alwar) incident, modi is doing dirty politics.
the bsp will for sure take an appropriate political decision in the absence of stringent and proper legal action in the case.
what i meant was move on.
we have other issues to discuss as to what bjp government did and what it delivered.
i feel sorry that my remark was misrepresented, i apologise.
this has been blown out of proportionclarifying further, pitroda said: the statement i made was completely twisted, taken out of context because my hindi isnt good, what i meant was jo hua vo bura hua, i couldnt translate bura in my mind.
earlier, the congress distanced itself from pitrodas comment on the 1984 riots that has set up a huge controversy, underlining that the party supports the quest for justice for the victims.
the party, which has been pummeled by the ruling bjp and prime minister narendra modi for pitrodas hua toh hua remark, has also told other leaders to be careful and sensitive.
we continue to support the quest for justice and stern punishment for those found guilty in 1984 riots as also the frequent acts of violence, including the 2002 gujarat riots.
any opinion remark made by any individual to the contrary, including sampitroda , is not the opinion of the congress party, said a party statement.
the congresss clarification came hours after prime minister narendra modi told an election rally in haryanas rohtak that pitrodas remark was a reflection of the congresss arrogance and character.
it is not a one-off statement by a particular leader, pm modi later told news agency ani.
it reflects the congresss mentality, they have done this for years.
rajiv gandhi had said when a big tree falls earth shakes, the prime minister said, recalling how kamal nath  who was appointed and then replaced as punjab in-charge, was later appointed chief minister of madhya pradesh.
so dont take this as an individuals statement, he said.
sam pitroda, in charge of the indian overseas congress, made the remarks on thursday while replying to questions on the bjps claim that the 1984 riots took place on the orders of former pm rajiv gandhi.
i dont think so, this is also another lie, and what about 1984?
you speak about what you have done in five years.
it happened in 1984, so what?
(1984 hua toh hua).
what have you done?
pitroda was quoted as saying by news agency ani.
on friday, pitroda accused the bjp of twisting his words and distorting facts to hide their failures.
i acknowledged the pain of my sikh brothers and sisters during difficult times in 1984 and deeply feel for the atrocities that happened.
but these are things from past that are not really relevant to this election which is all about what did modi government do for the last five years, pitroda tweeted.
indiaupdated: aug 02, 2019 05:15 isttwo-months-and-a-bit after its president rahul gandhi resigned, the congress working committee will finally meet the day after the budget session of parliament ends and discuss how to go about picking a new chief, according to people familiar with the matter who asked not to be named.
the partys communications in-charge randeep singh surjewala confirmed that the cwc, the congresss highest decision-making body, would meet after the current session of parliament , but said the agenda for the meeting hadnt been decided yet.
ht learns that a report suggesting ways to revive the party may also be discussed at the meeting.
sam pitroda, a trusted advisor of the gandhi family, has prepared the report.
ht also learns that the report, submitted two weeks ago, lists around 20 suggestions to revive the 134-year-old party which followed up its worst performance in parliamentary elections in 2014 (44 seats won in a house of 543) with its second-worst in 2019 (52).
one suggestion is a complete corporatisation of the party with the appointment of a chief technical officer, a human resources department and objectives being set for every office bearer.
the cwc meeting, which is slated for either august 8 or 10, depending on when parliament adjourns, will make one last attempt to persuade rahul gandhi to withdraw his resignation, ht learns.
at a meeting of general secretaries of the party on friday, priyanka gandhi vadra is reported to have told others to not drag her name as a potential successor, as suggested by leaders like shashi tharoor and punjab chief minister amarinder singh.
this suggestion was repeated by another general secretary at the meeting, but nixed by priyanka gandhi, a congress general secretary.
rahul gandhi resigned in late may, but the cwc is yet to accept his resignation.
it is also yet to meet to discuss possible candidates or even decide on the process of picking a new president.
meanwhile, it has seen significant defections from its goa unit, and the fall of its coalition government  with the janata dal (secular )  in karnataka.
united progressive alliance chairperson and former congress president sonia gandhi has taken charge of the party in parliament, but the party itself has remained leaderless.
many of its leaders still appear to be in shock after the defeat  and the party doesnt seem to have understood the reasons for its poor performance.
the cwc meeting could, if it chooses a new president or at least decides on the modalities of doing so, end the uncertainty.
elections in jharkand, haryana and maharashtra are expected to be held before the end of the year.
elections may also be held in jammu & kashmir, which is currently under presidents rule.
in his report, pitroda mentions a mission 2020, and says the party should prepare a gameplan for its revival within the next 60 days.
a cto should be appointed not just in the all india congress committee but in every state unit.
this persons job would be to use technology to organise, manage and monitor platforms such as social media and also manage data analytics.
this suggestion comes after many in the party blamed the ill-functioning of the data analytics department run by praveen chakravarty for the 2019 poll disaster.
the modern digital hr system, according to pitroda, should immediately write job descriptions and rating systems for each office bearer.
this is perhaps aimed at delivering on the demand for accountability that rahul gandhi stressed while resigning from the party at the may 25 cwc meeting.
pitroda also suggests that the cwc be supplemented with a new board of 10 members.
this board, pitroda says, should be entirely composed of outsiders including professionals, those from the world of industry, finance and business and infrastructure.
this new board then would meet the congress president and cwc every three months to offer advice.
the current system of general secretaries, he said, should be not according to region as it is now.
for instance, priyanka gandhi is in charge of eastern up.
instead, he suggests, it should be divided by themes  for instance a political general secretary, one for finance, one for membership and hr, one for elections, and one for states.
new delhi based political analyst n bhaskara rao said the idea of corporatisation was not viable and the congress should try to revive its links with the people at the grassroots.
sam pitroda may be a good technocrat but he seems to be totally cut off from the indian politics.
what is needed for the congress is to renew its grassroots linkage through service-oriented revitalisation similar to what its seva dal used to do.
as you (congress) are already out of touch with grassroots with corporatisation you will be out of touch of india, he said.
prime minister narendra modi on friday launched a sharp attack on congress and its leader sampitroda for his comments on the 1984 anti-sikh riots.
modi said pitrodas comment shows the character and arrogance of the congress.
these words show congress character and mentality.
the three words (hua toh hua) are a display of their arrogance.
this leader is close to the gandhi family and a friend of rajiv gandhi.
he is the guru of the congress president, pm modi said at a rally in rohtak on friday.
the prime minister repeated the words hua toh hua and told the crowd at the rally that the true colours of the congress were exposed.
watch | pm modi slams sampitroda for hua so hua remark on 1984 riotssam pitroda, in charge of the indian overseas congress, made the remarks on thursday while replying to questions on the bjps claim that the 1984 riots took place on the orders of former pm rajiv gandhi.
i dont think so, this is also another lie, and what about 1984?
you speak about what you have done in five years.
it happened in 1984, so what?
(1984 hua toh hua).
what have you done?
, pitroda was quoted as saying by news agency ani.
on friday, pitroda accused the bjp of twisting his words and distorting facts to hide their failures.
i acknowledged the pain of my sikh brothers and sisters during difficult times in 1984 and deeply feel for the atrocities that happened.
but these are things from past that are not really relevant to this election which is all about what did modi government do for the last five years, pitroda tweeted.
the bjp had hit out at pitroda for his comments and demanded an apology and a resignation.
union finance minister tweeted asking congress president rahul gandhi if he will oust his guru.
indiaupdated: aug 04, 2019 22:45 istthe congress working committee (cwc) will meet on august 10 to take a call on rahul gandhis resignation as party president and start the process to pick a successor, according to senior functionaries.
the meeting of the partys highest decision-making body is expected to end a 77-day-long leadership crisis that erupted with gandhis resignation on may 25, two days after the results of the 2019 lok sabha elections were announced.
the congress suffered its second worst electoral defeat, winning just 52 seats as compared to 303 by the bharatiya janata party (bjp).
the grand old party had won 44 lok sabha seats in the 2014 national elections.
it has been decided to hold the next congress working committee meeting on saturday, 10th of august, 11am at aicc [all india congress committee], party general secretary in-charge of organisation kc venugopal tweeted on sunday.
it has been decided to hold the next congress working committee meeting on saturday, 10th of august 11am at aicc.
@incindia @aiccmedia  k c venugopal (@kcvenugopalmp) august 4, 2019the meeting, a party functionary said, is expected to make one last attempt to persuade rahul gandhi to withdraw his resignation.
but if he remains adamant, the cwc will discuss various other options -- including having a provisional president till the next congress chief is elected in organisational polls, or accepting rahul gandhis suggestion in his july 3 farewell note by entrusting a group of people with the task of beginning the search for a new president, added the senior functionary who asked not to be named.
according to the congress constitution, the partys senior-most general secretary takes over as its interim chief in case of a resignation by the incumbent.
in the event of any emergency by reason of any cause such as the death or resignation of the president elected as above, the senior-most general secretary will discharge the routine functions of the president until the working committee appoints a provisional president pending the election of a regular president by the aicc, it says.
also read: to revive cong, sampitroda suggests party should go for corporate structurethe president shall preside over the session of the congress held after his election and during his term of office and he shall exercise all the powers of the working committee when it is not in session, the party constitution adds.
in terms of age, 90-year-old motilal vora is currently the senior-most general secretary in the party, holding the charge of administration.
in terms of experience, it is ghulam nabi azad (70), the general secretary in-charge of haryana who also holds the post of the leader of opposition in the rajya sabha.
there have been divergent voices in the congress over the next party chief.
while some senior leaders, including punjab chief minister amarinder singh, shashi tharoor and karan singh, have pitched for priyanka gandhi vadra to take the charge, she has nixed the suggestion as per rahul gandhis line that the next congress president should be someone from outside the gandhi family.
several other names, including those of the partys younger leaders, have been doing the rounds as contenders for the congress presidents post.
veteran leader karan singh reiterated that the congress has been harmed due to indecision over the leadership issue and cautioned that remaining without a chief could be seriously detrimental to the party.
he added that priyanka gandhi will be a unifying force and galvanise the party cadre if she takes over as the congress president.
mumbai congress leader milind deora on sunday said he agreed with amarinder singhs suggestion that the next congress chief should be a young leader and proposed the names of sachin pilot and jyotiraditya scindia for the post of the partys national president.
in my view, sachin pilot and jyotiraditya scindia have all these qualities and can provide strength to the organisation and vigour to the opposition space, he said.
on sunday, congress mp shashi tharoor said that the cwc should appoint an interim president immediately and then hold polls for the partys post as a leader elected by partyworkers will be empowered and have more credibility.
when we spoke with rahul gandhi, he said i believe in a culture of accountability.
if rahul gandhi has done this, then it is relevant for everyone.
this principle is not just for one person, tharoor told reporters after a meeting of the all india professionals congress (aipc), which he heads.
a report prepared by sampitroda , a trusted adviser of the gandhi family, may also be discussed at the meeting.
the report, submitted two weeks ago, lists around 20 suggestions to revive the 134-year-old party.
this includes the corporatisation of the party with the appointment of a chief technical officer, a human resources department, and objectives being set for every office bearer.
since may 25, the congress has suffered desertions in goa and karnataka.
its 10 legislators defected to the bjp in goa, giving a clear edge to the ruling party in the 40-member assembly.
in karnataka, 13 congress legislators resigned from the assembly, resulting in the fall of the janata dal (secular)-congress coalition government in the state.
with the strength of the 225-member house going down, chief minister bs yediyurappa easily sailed through in the floor trust, and karnataka thus became the 17th state in the country to be ruled by the bjp either directly or in a coalition.
apart from its senior leader from uttar pradesh, sanjay sinh, who resigned from the rajya sabha and the party, the congress has been hit by defections in maharashtra and gujarat as well.
the delay in selecting rahul gandhis successor had also impacted the partys preparations for the assembly elections in maharashtra, haryana and jharkhand due in october this year.
elections may also be held in jammu & kashmir, which is currently under presidents rule.
prime minister narendra modi on friday attacked congress president rahul gandhi hours after he said that sampitroda should be ashamed of his comment on the 1984 anti-sikh riots.
stinging the congress president, the prime minister said that naamdaar (dynast) should be ashamed of himself rather than reprimanding his mentor for his remarks.
you pretended to scold your mentor for what?
because he publicly said what had always been in congresss heart?
its you who should be ashamed, pm modi said at an election rally in punjabs bhatinda, from where union minister harsimrat kaur badal is seeking re-election.
congress is struggling to win 50 seats because the congress leader is confused and their thinking is diffused, the prime minister said, adding that the opposition partys arrogance was at its peak.
i told this to him over the phone, i told him what he said was wrong, he should be ashamed and apologise publicly.
last week, asked to comment on the 1984 sikh riots, pitroda had said, hua to hua (what happened, happened).
on friday, pitroda, who is the chief of the indian overseas congress, apologised for the comment, but not before it triggered a barrage of criticism, including by his colleagues and the bjp leaders.
senior leaders of the congress distanced themselves from pitrodas remarks .
while apologising, pitroda had said his comment had been blown out of proportion.
my hindi is not that good, i think in english and translate in hindi.
.
.
i could not translate bura in my mind.
.
.
what i really meant to say is jo hua bura hua tha (what happened was bad), he said.
the 1984 riots took place at the end of october-early november when mobs, some allegedly including members of the congress party, killed members of the sikh community in retaliation for indira gandhis assassination.
delhi university teachers are divided over the issue of prime minister narendra modis remark about former prime minister rajiv gandhi.
while a group of 207 teachers issued a public statement condemning modis remark about gandhi during a political rally, another group of 121 supported the prime minister.
modi, in a rally on saturday, had targeted congress president rahul gandhi on the rafale issue and called rajiv gandhi corrupt.
in their statement issued on monday night, the 207 teachers termed the remark derogatory and untrue.
the members said, narendra modi has lowered the dignity of the office of the prime minister by making derogatory and untrue remarks about late rajiv ji, who made the supreme sacrifice in the service of the nation.
in the statement, tweeted by congress overseas affair in-charge sampitroda on tuesday morning, the teachers made references to the 1999 kargil war and the telecom revolution in india.
when india beat back the invaders from kargil, our soldiers shouted slogans praising rajiv gandhi for the bofors gun, even though rajiv ji had been martyred a decade ago, it read.
but on tuesday, a group of 121 teachers issued a statement supporting the pms remark.
we fully support pm modi for bringing into public attention the regime of corruption in big defence deals started during rajiv gandhis tenure.
bofors deal became a symbol of official corruption; it initiated a trend which had consistently been followed by the congress-led governments.
criticising the other group of teachers for issuing a statement against the prime ministers remark, the teachers said, the statement was issued by some du teachers who do not want anyone to point fingers at rajiv gandhi whereas they refer to the incumbent pm in the foulest language on a daily basis.
rajesh jha, a teacher at rajdhani college, was among the 207 teachers who are against the prime ministers remark.
the teachers have issued the statement because the pm has said something that was factually incorrect, he said.
among the 121 teachers to support modi is vs negi, a teacher at shaheed bhagat singh college.
the fact that rajiv gandhi was awarded a bharat ratna cannot prevent future analysts from critiquing his contribution to organised corruption in the county, he said.
breaking her silence on why she did not contest against prime minister narendra modi in varanasi, congress general secretary priyanka gandhi on tuesday said that she was advised against the move by the senior leaders of the party.
i took advice of all senior leaders of our party and colleagues in up.
they firmly felt that i have responsibility here of looking after 41 seats.
i felt that they (candidates) would be disappointed if i focused on only one place, priyanka gandhi was quoted as saying by news agency ani.
the congress then named and repeated its 2014 candidate ajay rai to take on modi once again in varanasi.
in the 2014 contest, rai ended up in the third position with just about 7  votes.
priyanka, who is in charge of eastern uttar pradesh, was widely expected to make her electoral debut in varanasi.
congress workers wanted to avoid a 2014-like eventuality and urged the leadership to her from either varanasi or allahabad, party functionaries said.
also read| in big battle in up, congress relying on small players toothe buzz around her candidature gained momentum when she said a decision on the matter rests with party president and her brother rahul gandhi.
you will come to know when the party takes a decision.
i have said time and again, i will do whatever the party tells me to do, priyanka gandhi had said when asked about her candidature.
pitroda said congress president rahul gandhi had left the decision to her.
it was she who thought there are responsibilities for her; rather than concentrating on one seat, she should focus on the job she has at hand.
the decision was finally hers, said pitroda.
also read| what rubbish?
: priyanka gandhi on govt notice to rahul gandhi on citizenship rowmeanwhile, on april 29, the samajwadi party replaced its candidate, shalini yadav, in favour of dismissed bsf constable tej bahadur yadav to take on pm modi in varanasi.
tej bahadur was dismissed from the service in 2017 after he made public a video complaining about the quality of food served to the troops.
at the time of making the video, he was stationed in the region along the loc in jammu and kashmir.
bjp president amit shah on monday told an election rally in odishas nabarangpur district that prime minister narendra modi would give a befitting reply to pakistan whenever there is an attack and underlined an earlier statement that only modi can keep the country secure.
bjps principles are very clear- if bullet comes from the other side, then we would fire away cannonballs.
int ka jawab patthar se denge (we would reply bricks with rocks), said shah.
nabarangpur lok sabha constituency and three others - kalahandi, koraput and berhampur  will go to polls on april 11.
shah said when 40 crpf troopers were killed in a terror attack in pulwama on february 14, everyone was thinking what would happen.
but this time there was no congress government or mauni baba manmohan singh government.
during manmohan singh regime, aalia, malia and jamalia could enter india and chop off the heads of our jawans.
there were no murmurs of protest then.
but narendra modi in just 12 days of the attack carried out an airstrike and neutralised the terrorists by raiding their camps, he said.
shah said there was huge excitement in the country due this step of modi and opposition parties are baffled.
look at rahul babas face.
it has turned ashen.
he did not like it.
rahul baba, please keep your policies with you, he said.
then turning to the crowd, shah asked if india should talk to terrorists if they fire at us or bomb them away.
in a clear attempt to sympathise with the bengali hindu refugees of nabarangpur, shah said that once the bjp government returns to power, it will pass the citizenship (amendment) bill which had lapsed in february after failing to make it to the rajya sabha.
the congress, biju janata dal and trinamul congress had opposed the bill which had been passed in the lok sabha.
i want to tell all of them, stop with all the might you have but in may we will form the government and pass the bill.
the bill would make the give the refugees an opportunity to be citizens of india, he said.
in an earlier meeting in paralakhemundi assembly constituency, shah launched a scathing attack on naveen patnaik saying it was unfortunate for the people of odisha that the chief minister cannot speak odia without a script even after ruling the state for 19 years.
shah said that a culture of corruption and commission has become so normal that patnaik has not even spared mahaprabhus ratna bhandar in a reference to the missing of the keys of the treasuries of the jagannath temple last year.
naveen babu this is not just a money matter for us, it is the loot of odishas lakshmi, odishas pride.
reiterating a jibe that the patnaik government was a gutted transformer, shah said it has to be tossed aside for a new one.
you gave congress a chance to rule odisha and last 19 years to bjd.
i urge the people of odisha not to repeat the mistake by voting bjd to power again.
give bjp a chance.
if voted to power, the party will make odisha the number one state in five years, take a pledge to remove the naveen patnaik government from odisha, the bjp chief said.
congress vice-president rahul gandhi on monday accused the narendra modi-led central government of forcing everyone into silence with dalits being beaten up, minorities frightened and journalists and bureaucrats threatened.
speaking at a function of the national herald newspaper in bengaluru, he said, the power of truth is being completely replaced with the truth of power and anybody who attempts to speak the truth and stand for it is being pushed aside.
gandhi also alleged that thousands of journalists were not being allowed to write what they wanted to.
they (journalists) tell me that they are not being allowed to write what they want to, he said.
recalling that he was not allowed to visit madhya pradesh during the recent farmers protest and uttar pradesh and was stopped at the border of both the states, he said, this is the india we are living in.
.
.
an india where power will simply manufacture the truth.
recollecting a soviet poet (yevgeny yevtushenko), who said, when truth is replaced by silence, the silence is a lie, gandhi said, this is what the government is trying to do.
.
.
.
everybody knows what the truth is.
but they are scared to say it, he said at the function where vice- president mohammad hamid ansari released the national heralds commemorative publication to celebrate 70 years of indias independence.
the congress vice-president recalled that when the editor of national herald approached him recently, he told him that there might be times when the paper would want to write things against him or his party or its policies, but you (editor) should be absolutely comfortable.
that is the spirit we expect from national herald.
national herald has a strong spirit.
it is not going to be silenced, he added.
congress leader oscar fernandes, who is on the board of directors of the newspaper, said the paper, which was founded by former prime minister jawaharlal nehru in 1938 and the publication of which was suspended a few years ago, was in the process of reviving its hindi and urdu editions as a multi- media outlet.
he said the national herald website, launched eight months ago, was being upgraded and would be fully operational later this month.
the function is being seen as a prelude to the launch of the daily national herald english edition.
efforts to revive the newspaper started amid a legal battle launched by bjp leader subramanian swamy, who has filed a criminal complaint against congress president sonia gandhi, rahul gandhi and others.
in his private criminal complaint, swamy has accused the gandhis and others of conspiring to cheat and misappropriate funds by paying only rs 50 lakh, through which young indian pvt.
ltd (yi) obtained the right to recover rs 90.
25 crore, which its publisher, associate journals ltd (ajl), owed to the congress party.
the gandhis and the other accused -- motilal vora, oscar fernandes, suman dubey and sampitroda -- have denied the allegations levelled against them.
the delhi high court had recently declined to stay the income tax proceedings against young india ltd in the national herald case.
prime minister narendra modi on wednesday claimed that congress has accepted its defeat and that the grand old party has already fielded two batsmen to defend the naamdar (rahul gandhi) from the blame.
the countrys oldest party has now realised what will be the outcome of poll result.
.
.
and it has started preparations regarding whom to blame in the party for its defeat.
it is exercising how to defend naamdar.
the congress cant blame him because it would go against the spirits of dynasticism.
in a veiled attack on mani shankar aiyar and sampitroda , modi said two batsmen were tasked by the party to take the responsibility for the poor poll show.
you must have seen that after fifth phase of polls, two very close courtiers of naamdar family have started batting on their own because they dont have courage to come on the ground without taking permission from the captain.
one of them who happens to be the mentor (guru) of naamdar mocked at sikhs sentiments.
.
.
another batsman, who went behind the curtains after abusing me during gujarat assembly polls, recently appeared again and is abusing me.
hectic parleys are being conducted inside the congress and strategies are being drawn to defend the naamdar, modi added.
canvasing in jmms bastion  santhal pargana division  for the bjp candidates nishi kant dubey, hemlal murmu and sunil soren contesting from godda, rajmahal and dumka lok sabha seats respectively, the prime minister alleged congress and jmm resorted to lies, maneuvers and cheats to misguide the vast tribal population of santhal region.
while the bjp is striving hard to bring development, the congress and the jmm are standing with the intruders, alleged modi.
but the bjp has a clear policy to identify each trespasser, who is a threat to nations resources and security, he claimed.
modi said, due to vote bank, the congress is maintaining silence even on the issue of national security.
terrorism is a big challenge which needs to be dealt with iron hands.
but, the congress has such a policy that it could not quell terrorists and naxals.
.
.
congress wants to annul the law of sedition to give leeway to stone-pelters, terrorists, naxals and their supporters.
oppositions politics is based on rumours.
they can cheat anyone for vote.
but, you take it for sure that as long as modi and the bjp are there, no one can touch your land.
congress ruled for so long in the country but it used tribal people as a vote bank, said modi.
atal bihari vajpayee for the development of tribal population had not only created jharkhand but also set up a separate tribal department, he added.
modi said, i am committed for the development of this region which never happened in last 70 years.
besides rail, we are developing airport in deoghar to promote tourism.
the upcoming multi-model-harbour on the ganga will not only promote trade and industry but also create job opportunities.
in health sector, construction of aiims in deoghar will also cater the needs of neighbouring bihar, west bengal and odisha states.
prime minister narendra modi on tuesday said congress president rahul gandhis public rebuke to his party leader sampitroda for his hua to hua remark on the 1984 anti-sikh riots was a mere stunt in view of the elections in punjab where polling is scheduled to be held on may 19.
addressing an election rally in chandigarh, modi said, hua to hua (so what, if it happened) is part of congress culture and the rebuke was only an electoral compulsion.
he added, mein dawe ke saath kehta hu ki agar aaj punjab mein chunav na hote to naamdar apne guru ko ek shabd bhi nahi kehete, ek shabad bhi bolne ka natak nahi karte.
(i am sure if there were no elections in punjab then the dynast would not have uttered a single word against his guru (referring to pitroda), would not have pretended to a speak a word).
in a thinly disguised reference to former minister and congress leader mani shankar aiyar calling him neech admi, modi said, remember during the gujarat elections an important minister in their government had said, modi neech hein neech.
somebody said, modi neech jat se hein.
this created a major storm in gujarat, and they pretended to oust him from the party.
but after few days he was brought back).
stating that this would repeat in punjab too as soon as elections are over, modi said, he will hug his guru (pitroda) immediately after punjab elections.
the person who abused me in gujarat, yesterday again used the foulest words against me.
the congress doesnt consider it wrong what he did.
he also slammed the congress for failing to deliver justice to the 1984 anti-sikh riot victims.
