;;0.3818;;(i like you so much that i feel like looking into your eyes)this infuriated union ministers ravishankarprasad prasad and arjun ram meghwal who urged the chair to ask khan to apologise.
;;0.796;;bjp leaders ranging from union ministers ravishankarprasad prasad and bandaru dattatreya to state president k laxman hit back at reddy asking why if the congress really revered patel, he was given the countrys highest civilian award of the bharat ratna only in 1991.
;;0.3565;;a senior bjp leader, who did not want to be identified, told ians that union ministers ravishankarprasad prasad and prakash javadekar and the party's spokespersons were present at the meeting at the party headquarters here.
;;0.0;;even ravishankarprasad prasad had re-tweeted csc e-governance without noticing it.
;;-0.1531;;union ministers ravishankarprasad prasad, harsh vardhan, kalraj mishra and vijay goel, and delhi bjp chief manoj tiwari also paid their respects to former chief minister.
;;0.5719;;in the old cabinet, nine leaders of bihar namely ravishankarprasad prasad, giriraj singh, rk singh, radhamohan singh, ram kripal yadav, ashwani choubey, ram vilas paswan (all continued till next election) upendra kushwaha(quit and switched over in pre-poll alliance with mahagathbandhan) and rajiv pratap rudy (who left the ministry citing personal reason but continues in party and now retained his seat) were part of the central cabinet.
;;0.7351;;the first tagore award for cultural harmony was conferred on sitar maestro ravishankarprasad in 2012, followed by conductor of western and indian classical music zubin mehta in 2013.
;;0.1531;;at the barauni programme, the dignitaries present included governor lalji tandon, union ministers ravishankarprasad prasad, ram vilas paswan, ram kripal yadav and giriraj singh.
;;0.6808;;i wish good health to amit shah and bjp leaders ravishankarprasad prasad ji and arun jaitley ji and all their other leaders who may be getting treated in a hospital, chaturvedi said.
;;-0.34;;khan's remark infuriated union ministers ravishankarprasad prasad and arjun ram meghwal as they urged the chair to ask him to apologise.
;;0.5106;;replying to a question from ravishankarprasad , the chief minister said he enjoyed his work.
;;-0.34;;khan's remark infuriated union ministers ravishankarprasad prasad and arjun ram meghwal as they urged the chair to ask him to apologise.
;;-0.5719;;the episode kicked up a row with union ministers ravishankarprasad prasad and piyush goyal accusing chief minister mamata banerjee of abusing her power.
