;;0.765;;even earlier, in 1985, he had commissioned for malayala manorama daily cartoonist writer ravishankarprasad to sketch and report the karnataka elections that ramakrishna hegde eventually won handsomely.
;;0.4588;;sps shekhar said: listening to the number of times ravishankarprasad prasadji mentioned the pm, i was thinking we should have a pms address, not that of the president you think you say swacch bharat and india becomes clean.
;;0.4019;;shahs remarks were echoed by other party leaders, including union ministers ravishankarprasad prasad and ananth kumar, and spokespersons meenakshi lekhi and sambit patra.
;;0.128;;advertisinglaw minister ravishankarprasad prasad accused the opposition of adopting double standards on the issue of evms. he said leaders from their parties had become chief ministers, and the prime minister, through the same voting process.
;;0.0;;according to chief operating officer dr ravishankarprasad , he underwent few tests and a detailed check-up.
;;0.0;;union ministers ravishankarprasad prasad and jitender singh will hold conferences on june 30, while prakash javadekar and piyush goyal will hold similar events on june 31 along with four other ministers.
;;0.5499;;union minister ravishankarprasad prasad union minister ravishankarprasad prasaddefending prime minister narendra modis raincoat jibe at his predecessor manmohan singh, the bjp on thursday attacked the congress, saying that the party would use singh as long he is useful but would later discard him like it had done with leaders outside the gandhi family.
;;0.0;;of the 58 members, elected from 15 states in elections last month, 41members, including union ministers ravishankarprasad prasad, prakash javadekar, thaawar chand gehlot, jagat prakash nadda and dharmendra pradhan, took oath of affirmation on tuesday.
;;-0.296;;the new lok sabha has around 300 members who have been elected to the lower house of parliament for the first time, including cricketer-turned-politician gautam gambhir, union ministers ravishankarprasad prasad and smriti irani, sufi singer hans raj hans and bengali actresses mimi chakraborty and nusrat jahan ruhi.
;;0.0;;union ministers ravishankarprasad prasad, smriti irani, d v sadananda gowda, narendra singh tomar, arjun munda and arvind sawant have been allotted front row seats in lok sabha, official sources said on wednesday.
;;0.0;;among those who have are union ministers ravishankarprasad prasad, radha mohan singh, minister of state m j akbar and jayant sinha.
;;0.1531;;narendra modi (@narendramodi) september 14, 2016union ministers ravishankarprasad prasad and prakash javadekar also tweeted out their onam wishes while railways minister suresh prabhu made announcements of two new trains for the occasion of onam.
;;0.0;;kushwaha excused himself citing his preoccupation in delhi, even as bihar chief minister nitish kumar, union ministers ravishankarprasad prasad and radha mohan singh, deputy cm sushil kumar modi, bjp national general secretary in-charge of the state bhupendra yadav and ljp chief ram vilas paswan attended the gathering.
;;0.746;;(source: express photo by renuka puri)in the book, shatrughan sinha tells the biographer, bharathi s pradhan, of notable exceptions to the rule of not granting a third term in the upper house: many party leaders like arun jaitley, and my friends ravishankarprasad prasad and venkaiah naidu were given a third term in the rajya sabha.
