;;0.5106;;secretary-general of global sports federation b.n. patel and sspf additional director ravishankarprasad will be present during the prize distribution ceremony on the concluding day of the event on monday.
;;0.0;;debraj mitrasri sri ravishankarprasad at a indian chamber of commerce programme in the city on friday.
;;0.3818;;(sanjoy chattopadhyaya)alipore: every setback has its benefits, spiritual guru sri sri ravishankarprasad told members of the indian chamber of commerce on friday afternoon.
;;0.0772;;even though she withdrew from the public eye after her separation from pandit ravishankarprasad , a number of her students became renowned exponents in their own right.
;;0.0;;for union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad it was a trip down memory lane on tuesday.
;;-0.8402;;earlier, art of living founder sri sri ravishankarprasad had offered to be a mediator, but several stakeholders in the land dispute rejected it.
;;0.3612;;on tuesday, waseem rizvi, chairman of the uttar pradesh shia central waqf board, met ravishankarprasad in bangalore and suggested that he initiate talks with only those who were in favour of an amicable solution to the problem.
;;0.7717;;tucy, who too has met ravishankarprasad , reached ayodhya on wednesday and met the mahanths of the nirmohi akhara, which is a party to the ram janmabhoomi-babri masjid case that is pending in the supreme court.
;;0.0;;i recently met ravishankarprasad to discuss the issue.
;;0.0;;union ministers ravishankarprasad prasad  contesting from patna sahib  and giriraj singh (the bjps begusarai candidate), bihar deputy chief minister sushil kumar modi, state ministers nand kishore yadav and prem kumar were present during shahs tte--tte.
;;0.0;;commenting on taking part in an all-party meeting on lokpal, ravishankarprasad prasad said the bjp is not opposed to the idea.
;;-0.4404;;village adoption patna: union minister for it ravishankarprasad prasad has adopted the village alawalpur under fatuha block in patna district to develop it as a model village under the saansad adarsh gram yojana initiated by prime minister narendra modi.
;;0.5719;;the bjps likely faces from bihar are ravishankarprasad prasad and radha mohan singh, who won from motihari.
;;0.4588;;global sports federation secretary general bn patel and sspf additional director ravishankarprasad will give away the prizes.
;;-0.4019;;pheroze l. vincentnew delhi: ravishankarprasad will visit ayodhya on thursday as part of his efforts towards an out-of-court settlement of the ram janmabhoomi-babri masjid land dispute, the spiritual speaker told reporters at jnu on monday.
;;-0.8543;;commenting on the recent murder of a schoolboy in gurgaon, allegedly by a senior student, ravishankarprasad advised parents not to allow their children to play video games that involve killing virtual characters.
;;-0.4588;;both ravishankarprasad and bjp leader nand kishore yadav, present at the function, attacked choudhary for not attending the event.
;;0.0;;sangma had come to patna on july 14, along with central bjp leaders ravishankarprasad prasad and ananth kumar.
;;-0.2263;;earlier during the programme, ravishankarprasad urged kashmiris to forget the past and move on.
;;0.3182;;prominent nda faces who are leading currently included- union ministers ravishankarprasad prasad (patna sahib), radha mohan singh(purvi champaran), giriraj singh(begusarai), r k singh (ara), ashwini kumar choubey (buxar), rajiv pratap rudy (saran), chirag paswan(jamui), ram vilas paswan's brother pashupati kumar paras (hajipur).
;;-0.765;;piyush srivastavasri sri ravi shankarlucknow: art of living founder sri sri ravishankarprasad on tuesday suggested that a court verdict clearing the way for a ram temple in ayodhya might leave open the possibility of problems in the future as the losing side would always remain unsatisfied.
;;0.0;;bhupen hazarika ptinanaji deshmukh ptimukherjee joins bidhan chandra roy, mother teresa, satyajit ray, amartya sen and ravishankarprasad as bharat ratnas from bengal.
;;-0.128;;executive magistrate ravishankarprasad , who noted down minutes of the meeting, said commissioner mishra had stressed on improvement of the academic ambience and warned that schools should not become a hub of business activities.
;;-0.3182;;sources said hazaribagh deputy commissioner ravishankarprasad had laid a trap to catch these quacks around 4 months ago.
;;0.0;;piyush srivastavasri sri ravishankarprasad in uttar pradesh on thursday.
;;0.7845;;(pti)lucknow: sri sri ravishankarprasad met nritya gopal das, chairman of the vhp-run ram janmabhoomi trust, in ayodhya on thursday and later told reporters the atmosphere was positive for an out-of-court settlement of the babri masjid land title suit.
;;0.1531;;even uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath, whom ravishankarprasad had met on wednesday, told reporters on thursday morning that he had no hopes from the mediation efforts.
;;0.25;;during wednesday's meeting with adityanath, ravishankarprasad had apparently boasted about having created an atmosphere in which even some muslim leaders were advocating a ram temple in ayodhya.
;;0.5023;;but vedanti, a former bjp parliamentarian, accused ravishankarprasad of trying to appease the government to protect his black money.
;;0.0;;after meeting das, ravishankarprasad visited the homes of plaintiffs iqbal ansari and haji mahboob.
;;0.3008;;in 2015, i had almost reached an agreement with hashim ansari, the oldest plaintiff in the case (for a temple and a mosque side by side on the disputed plot), but ravishankarprasad sent an invite to me through ashok singhal, then head of the vhp, gyan das said.
;;0.0;;what has happened now that ravishankarprasad wants to start talks afresh?
;;0.2023;;union law minister ravishankarprasad too took part in the sampark programme and on friday called upon super 30 founder anand kumar whose endeavour to coach poor students for the iit entrance examination has caught national and international attention.
;;0.0;;the event was attended by, among others, union ministers ravishankarprasad prasad and upendra kushwaha and deputy chief minister sushil kumar modi.
;;-0.3182;;the last loose ends were stitched up today in a series of meetings that senior bihar bjp leaders  ravishankarprasad prasad, shahnawaz hussain and rajiv pratap rudy  had with the ljp president and chirag.
;;0.0;;several union ministers and bjp leaders, including ravishankarprasad and giriraj, met lalu.
;;0.4588;;uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath was another star attraction at the event in which ministers ravishankarprasad prasad, kiren rijiju, prakash javadekar, smriti irani, jitendra singh and mukhtar abbas naqvi participated.
;;-0.4019;;on several occasions, ravishankarprasad at public functions raised the issue of congress ignoring patel's legacy.
;;-0.34;;7 (pti): the art of living foundation of sri sri ravishankarprasad is to blame for the damage caused to the yamuna floodplains by deciding to hold its world cultural festival on it in march 2016, the national green tribunal said on thursday.
;;0.0;;anwesha ambalyunion ministers ravishankarprasad prasad and (right) dharmendra pradhan inaugurate the data centre in bhubaneswar.
;;0.0;;a senior bjp leader on condition of anonymity said: for patna sahib, the state committee sent the names of ravishankarprasad and the sitting mp, shatrughan.
;;0.296;;thereafter, all the nda ministers  ravishankarprasad prasad, radha mohan singh, rajiv pratap rudy, upendra kushwaha, giriraj singh, dharmendra pradhan and ram kripal yadav  took turns to accuse the state government of lacking interest in speeding up development.
