new delhi, oct.
10: facebook co-founder mark zuckerberg today called on prime minister narendra modi to discuss digital expansion in the country.
modi asked zuckerberg to promote indias rich tourism potential through facebook and help enhance internet literacy along with connectivity.
zuckerberg  on his maiden trip to india  told modi that facebook wanted to work with the government in the fields of healthcare and education, and in providing a range of services to the people.
he added that facebook would help to create a clean india mobile app, which will be launched soon.
this could give a strong impetus to modis swachh bharat mission.
zuckerberg met telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad earlier in the day.
in the meeting, facebook agreed to collaborate with the government to build a national optical fibre network, which will connect 2.
5 lakh villages.
telecom ministry officials said facebook might also work to launch applications on utility services for which customers would not pay internet charges.
we have dedicated some officials from my ministry to work closely with facebook on their proposals to expand digital services in the country, prasad said.
praduman choubeybit-sindri director dk singh (left) with an sspf member in dhanbad on friday.
picture by gautam deydhanbad: the jharkhand state volleyball championship is set to kick off at youth club grounds in sindri on saturday.
the tourney is being organised by the school sports promotion foundation (sspf) in collaboration with sports authority of india to select state-level players under the national talent search and nurture mission for school children between 10 and 15 years to improve the standard of indian sports.
sspf is supported by the ministries of human resource development and youth affairs and sports.
sspf's dhanbad district coordinator rakesh kumar singh said the selected players would participate in the national event scheduled in january.
so far, 24 school teams from the state have registered for the championship that will begin at 9am.
but the final schedule for the events will be decided on monday, he added.
the 20 selected students will be provided month-long training by experts at sports authority of india in sindri following which 12 will be shortlisted for the national championship.
sspf state coordinator jaideep sarkar, who is also a member of centre's school volleyball promotion council, said bit sindri director d.k. singh would inaugurate the event.
secretary-general of global sports federation b.n. patel and sspf additional director ravishankarprasad will be present during the prize distribution ceremony on the concluding day of the event on monday.
sspf launched school india cup 2016 for football and cricket wherein 23,486 students from 1,200 schools across 20 states and 97 districts participated in event.
school india cup 2017 is now enlisting participation of around 1 lakh students/players from 5,000 schools in football, cricket, volleyball, athletics and basketball.
over time, we will reach out to around 5 crore students across 1 lakh schools in india, singh said.
union minister for communications and information technology ravishankarprasad prasad will launch the official website of indian institute of information technology (iiit)-ranchi during his visit to adityapur in seraikela-kharsawan district on june 18.
spokesperson deepak chowrasia at adityapur-based national institute of technology (nit), which has been appointed as the mentoring cradle for newbie iiit-ranchi, said that union minister prasad would be in adityapur to lay the foundation stone for rs 20 crore software technology park of india (stpi) project on coming saturday.
the minister would launch the iiit-ranchi website from the same programme to be organised near the auto cluster design lab on tata-kandra road, some 5km from jamshedpur.
chief minister raghubar das will also attend the function.
we have a got the confirmation from the union minister's office on his presence in the programme, chowrasia told the telegraph.
the iiit-ranchi is an autonomous institute set up by the union hrd ministry and jharkhand government along with industry partners on a ppp mode.
nit will host the iiit-r's first batch of students till such time a new campus comes up in the state capital.
the first batch, which is likely to commence in august, will comprise 60 students - 30 each in computer science engineering, and electronics and communications engineering (ece) as announced by the union hrd ministry earlier this year.
the nit will conduct walk-in-interviews most probably in the last week of june or the first week of july for appointment of visiting professors and temporary faculty members for the iiit-r.
the appointments shall be made for computer science and engineering, electronics and communications engineering, mathematics, physics and mechanical engineering.
nit sources revealed that retired teachers of premier institutes could apply for the posts of visiting professors, who would be hired on a contract basis for three years with a consolidated monthly remuneration of rs 1 lakh.
applications have also been invited from academic personnel and professionals from academic institutes, research and development labs and industry in india and abroad for temporary faculty members.
they would be hired for one year (temporary) with consolidated monthly remuneration of rs 50,000.
chowrasia said a committee of senior nit faculty members had worked out the curriculum for the two proposed four-year b.tech courses, divided into eight semesters, at iiit-ranchi.
the union hrd ministry has taken the initiative to set up 20 new iiits on a ppp model across the country.
nit director rambabu kodali, who is also the mentor director of iiit-ranchi, said that one of the major objectives was to set up a model of education which could produce best-in-class human resources in it and harnessing the multi-dimensional facets of information technology in various domains.
while the number of students produced by these iiits would be small, the impact they create would be great, the director said.
new delhi, jan.
18: the supreme court today criticised governments for using their discretionary powers to favour the rich and well-connected instead of the poor, and was accused in turn of declining judicial standards.
the courts indictment came as it heard a petition alleging madhya pradeshs bjp government had bent rules to allot land in 2004 to a trust named after late party chief kushabhau thakre and including l.k. advani and venkaiah naidu as trustees.
the top court regretted the way governments had over the years exercised their discretionary powers, meant to help the poor, and the manner in which bureaucrats kowtowed to their political masters.
unfortunately, the beneficiaries by and large have been the affluent and not the poor.
those with access to power and corridors of power have benefited, justice g.s. singhvi said.
when madhya pradesh government counsel ravishankarprasad prasad, a bjp spokesperson, argued that government action often benefited the poor too, the judge observed: not for charity but for political purposes ahead of elections.
as for the bureaucracy, he said: our babus have been trained in the best of the british (raj) traditions.
they always serve their masters.
prasad retorted that there had been an all-round decline in institutions.
even this court is not what it was in the 1950s, he said.
but the two-judge bench denied this, saying the judiciarys lows had come in 1976 and 1986, when it had endorsed several of the executives wrongdoings during the 1975-77 emergency.
the top court had two weeks ago described as erroneous a 1976 verdict upholding an executive decision to suspend a safeguard against arbitrary detention.
in 1986, the court had upheld out-of-turn allotment of maruti cars to defence personnel, vips, judges and lawyers.
maruti was founded by sanjay gandhi.
in connection with the present case, the bench accused the madhya pradesh government of misleading it by holding back certain files.
your mischievous officers are misleading the court, justice singhvi said, threatening to summon the secretary concerned.
justice asok kumar ganguly, the other judge on the bench, agreed that the files seem to be doctored.
the bench asked the state to produce the original files and reserved its order.
the erstwhile uma bharti government had allotted 20 acres to the kushabhau thakre smriti nyas to set up a training institute on indian culture, charging it rs 25 lakh and an annual rent of re 1.
an ngo, the akhil bhartiya upbhokta congress, had filed a public interest litigation alleging the plot in bhopal had earlier been reserved for the housing board and was valued at over rs 66 crore.
it said the land was reserved for the trust on september 25, 2004, 11 days before the nyas was formally registered.
nyas lawyer ranjit kumar argued that a trust could apply for land even without registration papers: all that was required was a meeting of minds to create a trust.
why should i be singled out?
kumar asked, urging the court to disallow such allotments in the future.
the state government has annexed a list of 100 other such trusts to justify the allotment.
are you claiming article 14 (equality before law), justice ganguly wondered.
yesterday, prasad had dared the judges to scrap all such allotments in favour of one particular family (the nehru-gandhis) but they had parried the challenge saying they would examine the matter if anyone raised it in court.
our bureaurajbala vermaranchi: a flurry of bureaucratic appointments, initiated between february 8 and february 14, when as many as three dozen officials were reshuffled within two weeks of the chief secretary's scheduled retirement, has given credence to speculation that rajbala verma could well be up for an extension.
a senior government officer admitted he was surprised that as many as 36 officials, including secretaries, deputy commissioners and deputy development commissioners, were transferred in the course of seven days when all along the trend has been for a new chief secretary to choose his/her team.
usually, a new captain likes to choose his/her core team and tends to reshuffle officials in districts and key positions in consultation with the chief minister.
now with little more than a week left for the present chief secretary's tenure to end, one would not have expected her opt for so many changes, said the bureaucrat, who has served in several key departments, including forests, water resources and education.
a new chief secretary, he maintained, would mean more changes in the bureaucracy.
naturally, such regular changes would affect work at a time when there is pressure on every department to ensure proper utilisation of allocated funds, he added.
chief secretary verma, who is scheduled to retire on february 28, has been in the eye of the storm ever since she was slapped a show cause notice by the government on her alleged role in the rs 950 crore fodder scam pertaining to the time she was deputy commissioner of chaibasa during 1990-91.
she has replied to the notice, pointing out that her role as deputy commissioner had been without blemish.
she said treasuries were run by treasury officers and it was practically impossible for a dc or dm to check treasury balance sheets.
those who believe verma is tipped for an extension cite the case of her bihar counterpart, anjani kumar singh, who was also due to retire on february 28 but was granted extension apparently because his inputs were crucial to preparing the state's annual budget.
in 2013, then jharkhand chief secretary s.k. choudhary was also granted three months extension under similar circumstances.
an extension for verma would mean another round of waiting for the top contenders for the jharkhand chief secretary's post among whom are b.k. tripathi (1983 batch), rajeev kumar (1984) u.p. singh (1984), sudhir tripathi (1985) amit khare (1985), d.k. tiwari (1986), indu shekhar chaturvedi (1987) and sukhdeo singh (1987).
of these, b.k. tripathi, rajeev kumar and u.p. singh are on central deputation.
and three of the contenders are set to retire within a year or so _ sudhir tripathi (in september), u.p. singh (october) and b.k. tripathi (august 2019).
considering the performances of officers, amit khare is undoubtedly the most competent candidate (for chief secretary).
but it is very difficult to say what the chief minister is thinking, said a senior officer in the chief minister's secretariat.
undeterred by the speculation, verma, however, is keeping herself busy with preparations for hosting a mega event on start-ups at jawaharlal nehru stadium at dhurwa, likely to be held within a week before she retires, said sources in the state it department.
earlier, the event was scheduled to be held on february 23 with union information technology minister ravishankarprasad prasad as chief guest.
but the minister has expressed his inability to come.
now the event is likely to be held on february 25 or 26, said a senior official of the department.
yet, irrespective of whether verma stays on as chief secretary or not, the state's bureaucracy is upset about the changes affected between february 8 and february 14, saying many of them seemed arbitrary.
soon after the cabinet meeting in latehar on february 7, chief minister raghubar das held detailed discussions with senior officials of the tourism department on how to develop netarhat as a tourist hub.
next day, the then tourism secretary rahul sharma and director j.k. singh were transferred.
on february 9, two ips officers were transferred but their notifications were cancelled within hours after being issued.
on february 14, close to a dozen development commissioners were again transferred.
another bureaucrat of deputy commissioner rank said how despite political stability, jharkhand was in the throes of bureaucratic instability.
the state government praised simdega deputy commissioner manjunath bhajantri's work on sanitation, hailing the district as a shining example of development.
but within two days, he was transferred to jharcraft after having spent only a year in simdega, he said, adding that it was the same in godda.
deputy commissioner b.p. singh handled transfer of land for the adani power project smoothly.
there was no law and order problem, which was also lauded by the chief minister.
yet, singh was shunted to koderma.
similarly, after serving three years in ranchi, manoj kumar was shunted to giridih.
these changes are certainly worrisome, added the senior bureaucrat.
new delhi, aug.
7: a dirt dossier on kamla beniwal became the basis of the mizoram governors sacking yesterday, a move the government has justified even as the congress alleged political vendetta.
law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said the decision to remove the former gujarat governor, who had several run-ins with narendra modi when he was chief minister, was in accordance with constitutional principles and approval of president pranab mukherjee.
i have nothing more to say, he said outside parliament today.
prime minister modi is believed to have briefed the president recently while prasad and attorney-general mukul rohatgi also paid visits to rashtrapati bhavan over the week.
documents were collected and a dossier prepared before a final call was taken, the sources said.
the dossier, contents of which were seen by the telegraph, contains details of alleged unethical involvement of dr smt kamla while being the governor of gujarat in the kisan samuhik krishi cooperative society ltd (kskcsl), jhotwada, district jaipur, rajasthan in 2011.
congress leader ajay maken questioned the removal.
if governor kamla beniwal was to be removed, why was she transferred to mizoram only a few days back?
maken tweeted.
beniwal was shifted to mizoram last month.
according to government sources, on may 22, 2011, a resolution was adopted by the executive committee of the kskcsl to exchange the agricultural land of the cooperative society for developed land to be received from the jaipur development authority.
the then governor was allegedly one of the 19 beneficiaries and she was later appointed a member of the executive committee.
in october 2012, the additional registrar of cooperative societies, rajasthan, had submitted a report to the centre.
another report confirming the findings of the additional registrar was submitted to the government on june 27 this year, a month after the modi government was sworn in, the sources said.
the kskcsl had challenged the findings in a tribunal but the centre insists that prima facie, her direct and personal involvement was not warranted.
sources said one more aspect was considered before the final decision was taken to sack beniwal.
the supreme court had passed strictures indicting beniwal for blatant misuse of office when she was a minister of rajasthan, said a source.
supreme court.
picture by prem singhnew delhi, apr.
26 (pti): the government on thursday returned to the supreme court collegium its recommendation to elevate justice k.m. joseph to the apex court and asked it to reconsider it, a move which may widen the rift between the judiciary and the executive.
on wednesday, the government had cleared the appointment of senior advocate indu malhotra as a judge of the supreme court and kept in abeyance a decision on joseph, who heads the uttarakhand high court.
both the names were recommended by the collegium in january.
in a ruling in 2016, justice joseph had cancelled president's rule in uttarakhand and brought back the congress government of harish rawat to power.
the judgment had embarrassed the bjp government at the centre.
the supreme court bar associations president vikas singh sr. said the governments decision to send back josephs name was disturbing.
law minister ravishankarprasad prasad wrote to chief justice of india dipak misra on thursday morning requesting the collegium  a group of five senior-most judges that selects judges for the apex court  to reconsider its decision on recommending justice joseph to be a judge of the top court.
prasad also informed the cji that senior advocate malhotra has on thursday been appointed a judge of the supreme court.
modi meets indians in seoul on thursday.
the prime minister arrived in south korea earlier on thursday on a two-day state visit.
ptithe bjp on thursday acknowledged that prime minister narendra modi was in ramnagar, where jim corbett national park is located, on the day of the pulwama terror attack but claimed he was there for an official event related to tiger conservation and not to shoot for a film as alleged by the congress.
law minister ravishankarprasad prasad, fielded by the party to rebut the allegations, snapped when he was asked questions about modis presence in the park for long after the attack in which 40 crpf jawans were killed.
this is a totally baseless charge, he said when a journalist asked if the prime minister continued with the films shooting till the evening, by when everyone knew of the magnitude of the attack.
when the journalist continued with his question, a visibly angry prasad said: i have answered your question, dont argue with me.
he added: i deny it completely.
earlier, addressing the media, prasad said modi was in ramnagar for an official programme related to tiger conservation.
the minister then said: if the congress party knew that an attack was going to take place in pulwama.
.
.
if their information network is so strong, good.
we didnt know.
he added that modi had to drive a long way to catch a flight back to delhi because of bad weather.
desh chalna chahiye (the country must go on).
the congress wants the entire country to stop.
ravi shankar prasadwhile prasad denied that modi was shooting a promotional film and claimed he was attending an official event, he did not give any details of that programme.
he also did not deny that it continued even after news of the terror attack broke.
desh chalna chahiye (the country must go on), prasad said, adding: the congress wants the entire country to stop.
he sought to equate the opposition party with militants, saying they too want india to stop.
the whole country is united.
the morale of the armed forces is soaring sky high.
country after country is standing with india.
at this critical juncture the congress party is exposing its true colours, he said, accusing the congress of weakening the resolve of the country and the morale of the armed forces.
asked about the congresss charge that modi, then gujarat chief minister, had tried to politicise the 26/11 mumbai terror attack by reaching the spot of the strike and holding a news conference, prasad said modi had gone to meet the families of the victims and answered questions that journalists asked him.
to questions about how the pulwama attack had taken place despite the governments claim that demonetisation would break the back of terrorism, prasad said no big terror attack had taken place in the rest of the country.
new delhi, aug.
21: the bjp has defended its decision to demand prime minister manmohan singhs resignation over the coal block allocation scam and sees nothing wrong or improper if parliament is adjourned without transacting business.
however, it does not propose to move a no-confidence motion against the upa, knowing well that the ruling coalition has an unassailable majority in the lok sabha and that forcing a mid-term election has often been counter-productive for the prime instigator.
nor does the bjp believe that its tactics would force the prime minister out.
we have got him and we are not going to let go.
the long-winded figures in these scams, running into several lakhs of crores with endless zeros, have made a huge impact on people, a bjp leader said.
briefing the media, chief spokesperson and rajya sabha deputy leader ravishankarprasad prasad said: we will continue to press for the prime ministers resignation in both houses because the coal allocation scam is not an isolated incident.
the 2g spectrum allocation, the commonwealth games, private-public partnership in the expansion of airports and now coal blocks the manmohan singh governments saga is one of scams, scandals, corruption and loot.
prasad accused the government of not conducting a single honest probe into any of the scams and challenged the congresss claim of acting against corruption.
asked if the bjp intended to stall parliament for the rest of the session, prasad said: the opposition is not under obligation to run the house.
the opposition is accountable to the people of the country, we owe it to them to demand the prime ministers resignation.
making a case for not settling either for a debate in the house or for a joint parliamentary committee, prasad argued that in the past discussions had yielded nothing.
narendra modinew delhi, july 2 (reuters): prime minister narendra modi has permitted twitter unprecedented access to his administration in a drive to put social media at the heart of government, the us internet company said.
modi deployed an army of supporters over twitter and facebook during his successful election campaign.
he has put both the microblogging site and facebook at the centre of his governments media and research strategies since taking office a month ago and has asked ministers and lawmakers to follow suit.
the 63-year-olds focus on social media presents opportunities for the companies, which see india as one of their top growth markets and are sending senior executives to forge relationships with the government.
with 5 million followers, modi is the fourth most-followed world leader on twitter.
he has 18.
8 million facebook likes.
twitter has been given direct access to ministers and their staff, advising them on social media usage, as well as organising workshops to train ambassadors and other diplomats, said raheel khursheed, head of news, politics and government at twitter india.
he said the level of interaction between the company and the new government was unmatched globally.
yesterday, president pranab mukherjee debuted on the site after three months of behind-the-scenes negotiations.
facebooks chief operating officer sheryl sandberg is currently in india, promoting the potential of facebook as a tool for small businesses and economic expansion.
sandberg has requested a meeting with modi, a bjp source said.
she is likely to meet information and technology minister ravishankarprasad prasad tomorrow, the source added.
details were not available on sandbergs discussion with government officials, but experts said indias low internet penetration and legal cases often filed against facebook for content posted by its users were likely on her agenda.
although india has the worlds third-largest internet user base after the us and china, just 13.
7 per cent of the population had access to the internet in 2013, according to consulting firm emarketer.
by 2018, more than a quarter of the population is forecast to be on the web.
markets outside north america account for roughly 84 per cent of facebooks 1.
28 billion monthly users but account for a fraction of revenue.
in terms of revenues (india) is minimal.
mostly it is skewed towards us.
but soon marketers will realise how facebook can help increase engagement for their brands, said neil shah of counterpoint technology market research.
we could see a shift in facebook and twitter's fortune in india.
facebook says it has more than 100 million active users in india and twitter has 40 million users.
guwahati, nov.
28: dispur has set in motion a plan to help around 5,000 youths secure jobs abroad in the next couple of years through the centrally supported overseas employment skills initiative for the north eastern states to be launched next month.
the state department of employment and labour, which will be the nodal agency for implementing the ministry of overseas indian affairs initiative, would be setting up a resource centre at the indian institute of technology (iit) guwahati to coordinate the same.
the initiative will help prepare an aspirant looking for placements abroad by making him or her undergo a mandatory internationally-certified nine-month training in shortlisted vocations such as healthcare, hospitality, retail and nursing.
these sectors have huge manpower requirement abroad.
ravi shankar prasad, commissioner-secretary, labour and employment, assam, told the telegraph that the nitty-gritty of the scheme would be finalised during talks with the knowledge partners indiaskills and aspire human capital pvt ltd before the launch of the programme on december 17, barring any last-minute changes.
our government will facilitate 100 per cent placement for those who meet all requirements.
we are looking forward to around 5,000 placements of the 10,000 from the northeast in the next couple of years.
details like number, qualification of applicants will be finalised after discussions with the knowledge partners next week.
we could be using some of the industrial training institutes as training centres in the district for the benefit of the aspirants, prasad said.
the initiative has not come a day too early for assam where the number of registered unemployed persons is around 20 lakh and counting.
overall employment opportunities in the region are also limited.
chief minister tarun gogoi in his budget speech had expressed concern over the figure, while stressing on creation of self-employment opportunities and skill upgrade with the hope of providing employment to about 1.
67 lakh unemployed people in the next three years.
prime minister manmohan singh, during his address at the bharatiya pravasi divas 2011, had announced the setting up of a centre of excellence in the northeast for skill development to facilitate overseas employment.
in august, the centre had also convened a meeting with all the northeastern states in guwahati to take the process forward.
j.p. yadava nirav modi jewellery showroom in the defence colony area of new delhi on thursday.
picture by prem singhnew delhi: minister ravishankarprasad prasad on thursday failed to give a convincing reply when told that the accused might not have fled the country had the government acted on a whistleblower's complaint in 2016 related to the alleged rs 11,000-crore bank fraud linked to jeweller nirav modi.
prasad had been fielded by the bjp to counter congress's all-out attack on the government over the scam.
every attempt will be made.
.
.
.
the cbi has already issued a look-out notice and we know the increasing clout of india in the world today, prasad said, appearing to sidestep a direct reply on why the government took no action on whistleblower hari prasad's complaint to the prime minister's office.
many of them (the accused) maybe living abroad, minister prasad added.
the minister tried to shift the blame onto the erstwhile congress-led upa government.
minister prasad claimed the scam started in 2011, when the upa was in power.
he alleged that some people had bypassed the system and stressed that if somebody, no matter how big he is, tried to protect the culprits, he will not be spared.
minister prasad alleged that the assets of gitanjali gems and jewels, promoted by nirav modi's uncle mehul choksi, had doubled between 2011-13 and asked: how?
whose blessings did choksi have?
when reporters again pointed out that bangalore-based whistleblower hari prasad's complaint had been acknowledged by the pmo way back in 2016, minister prasad kept on stressing that india's global clout had increased considerably under narendra modi and the government would use it to act against the culprits.
when i said no one will be spared, then no one will be spared, minister prasad said.
unable to shrug off the issue, prasad took recourse to bluster to slam the congress for using the word  chhota modi - a reference to nirav modi.
what is this word chhota modi?
there are crores of people with the surname modi.
.
.
.
the bjp takes strong offence to the use of this kind of language against the pm that is derogatory, scandalous and demeaning, minister prasad said.
the address: pti picture shows samudra mahal building, the address of nirav modis wife ami, in mumbai.
nirav modi lives at the tony peddar road area in south mumbai on the second floor of 4 grosvenor house.
the fir filed by punjab national bank gives wife amis address as samudra mahal premises in worli, a sea-facing property.
this address has a link with great notoriety: its bang next to the 13-storey madhuli co-operative housing society where big bull harshad mehta had eight luxury flats.
another question minister prasad had to tackle was the photograph that had prime minister modi and nirav modi in the same frame at the world economic forum in davos in january.
minister prasad claimed nirav modi had gone to davos independently and was not part of the prime minister's delegation.
nirav modi was not part of the official delegation of the pm and i strongly deny that he had any private meeting with the pm, he said.
minister prasad threatened the congress that the bjp too was in possession of many cosy photographs of congress leaders with choksi.
minister prasad claimed that unlike the congress, the modi government was taking swift action.
since the fir was lodged on january 29, the cbi and the ed have taken speedy action and attached nine properties owned by nirav modi worth rs 1,300 crore, he said.
the minister claimed the congress was rattled because of continued electoral defeats and asserted that the bjp was set to win the tripura elections.
new delhi, may 20: apple chief executive tim cook today met bharti airtel chairman sunil mittal to discuss distribution deals and bundling options on devices.
bharti is the distribution partner for apple in india.
the maker of iphones and ipads, which is keen to sell refurbished phones at affordable rates in india, is also believed to be looking to explore device leasing options in tie-ups with mobile service providers.
apple, which is seeing declining sales elsewhere in the world, is betting big on india where sales grew 56 per cent in the january-march quarter.
on wednesday, cook met top executives of reliance industries in mumbai to forge partnerships with reliance jio infocomm and reliance retail for devices and to implement an enterprise solution developed by apple and ibm.
in mumbai, cook also met tata group chairman cyrus mistry and top executives of vodafone and tata consultancy services.
while new delhi is not keen to allow the technology giant to sell second-hand iphones in india, cook may try to convince that used-and-returned phones go back to the factory to be tested and certified.
they are brought back to the market with a new imei number and warranty.
analysts said if the sale of refurbished phones were allowed, it could turn out to be a boost for apple as indian buyers would want to buy the phones at a discount.
in his meeting with prime minister narendra modi tomorrow, it is believed that cook will highlight the benefits of allowing the sale of refurbished phones in india.
modi, on the other hand, is likely to ask cook to manufacture phones locally.
the success of this scheme (refurbishing ) will depend on how favourable the meeting goes tomorrow.
.
.
the government may be willing to listen if apple shares any plans of setting up a manufacturing facility in the country, said a senior official who is part of the government team meeting apple executives.
cook today told a news channel that it was exactly the right time to be in the country and that the us firm was looking to be in the market for hundreds of years.
in a separate event, telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad today lauded cook's long-term commitment to india and called for working in collaboration for growth and business opportunities.
we need to work together for growth in manufacturing investment and value addition, prasad said.
debraj mitrasri sri ravishankarprasad at a indian chamber of commerce programme in the city on friday.
ravi shankar was speaking at a session titled, we never lose, either we win or we learn, the chamber had organised at a city hotel.
shashwat goenka, the president of the chamber, introduced him as a leader, thought provoker, philosopher and spiritual teacher.
the three-day culture festival organised by his foundation, art of living, on the banks of the yamuna last march had sparked allegations of the river being polluted.
ravi shankar on friday said the controversy kept the festival alive in public memory for so long.
but i was never bothered because i knew there was no damage to the yamuna, he said.
while taking questions from the audience, a person asked what success was.
new delhi, nov.
4: the government plans to tweak taxes and come up with an incentive scheme to encourage electronic units to set up shop in the country.
as part of its make in india campaign, the government is looking to quickly rejig the duty structure and bring before the cabinet a revised incentive scheme for investments in electronics hardware.
the tax tweaks aim to make the imports of mobile phones, laptops and other consumer electronics such as flat panel televisions prohibitively expensive so that companies are forced to at least assemble the products here.
component duties, too, will be raised progressively to force the manufacturers to shift base.
top finance ministry officials point out that the import of electronic items is second only to oil, accounting for a whopping $40 billion in 2013-14.
trade analysts calculate that electronic imports would surpass oil by 2020, reaching an astounding $300 billion.
simply speaking we cannot afford this.
india is one of the biggest markets for these goods and manufacturers need to understand that we cannot allow all our forex resources to be drained away to prop up manufacturing in taiwan or china or norway, officials said.
mobile handsets attract 0 per cent duty even though retail margins are as high as 15 per cent.
led tv sets have 10 per cent duty, while laptops attract a countervailing duty of 10 per cent.
officials feel there is a scope of tweaking these duties without really increasing prices too much to force manufacturers to relocate.
the rates being worked out, which could be part of the next budget, will see finished products being taxed at higher rates than components.
however, the increases will have to be graded according to the duty commitments made to countries in bilateral trade pacts.
besides, the duties should reflect the proposed gst tax regime, said officials.
the incentive scheme for electronic units will provide for subsidy on capital investment to the extent of 20 per cent, besides reimbursing import duties and countervailing duties on capital imports for such hardware factories.
sony, which has set a sales target of rs 12,000 crore, or $2 billion, has no factories in india and imports mostly from thailand, taking advantage of a trade pact.
the japanese company is now believed to be scouting around for a possible production base to make flat panel television sets and smartphones, its two top selling products here.
samsung, which has invested in india in a big way, has plans to invest in a mobile phone factory.
under the make in india programme, it and telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad recently led an indian team to frankfurt to meet top german firms, including siemens, and abb.
however, officials said india was not trying to go back to the import substitution policy of the 1960s.
we need to not only attract electronics manufacturing but also see that it is competitive like automobile manufacture.
india is looking at west asia and africa as potential immediate export markets for its electronics goods.
india is not only looking at increasing its manufacturing share in gdp to 25 per cent, but also eyeing high value manufacturing to graduate out of low-tech, low value-added manufacturing, said n.r. bhanumurthy of the national institute of public finance and policy.
besides electronics, bio-tech and defence manufacturing are the other focus areas.
india has also managed to attract two chip makers  st, a france-italy joint venture, and ibm  to set up two plants costing over $10 billion.
gmr is setting up an electronics manufacturing cluster at hosur.
other similar electronics manufacturing parks are being planned in bhopal, hyderabad and kochi.
bankers say rs 7,000 crore of investment is expected to flow into hosur over the next five years.
new delhi, nov.
24: seething politicians closed ranks today after the assault on sharad pawar, most of them blaming the atmosphere created by the campaign of anna hazare who added fuel to their fury through his initial response.
the activist appeared to respond with contempt when he first heard of the assault.
he got slapped!
only one slap?
pti quoted the 74-year-old asking a group of journalists.
but he later said: he (the attacker) may be very angry.
this is not good.
anger is not good.
our constitution does not tell us to be violent with anyone.
late tonight, the activist said if it is perceived that i have said something wrong, i am ready to apologise.
while all parties condemned the assault, the congress and pawars ncp lashed out at hazare and spoke of the perils of demonising politicians in a democratic set-up.
hazares reaction shows the man is petty, ncp spokesperson d.p. tripathi told the telegraph.
those who profess to be gandhian should not justify violence, said congress spokesperson manish tewari.
the people who have faith in these new followers of gandhi should ponder.
no one having faith in democracy can condone violence against such a senior politician.
harvinder singhs attack on pawar, 71, came days after he tried to assault sukhram after the 86-year-old former telecom minister was sentenced in a bribery case last week.
tripathi also dwelt on the gandhian angle.
ask shanti bhushan and prashant bhushan if they find any gandhian value in annas why-only-one-slap remark.
ask the media which made him gandhi overnight if anna symbolises tolerance and non-violence?
all these people, anna and his team, have done nothing for the common people so far but have the licence to abuse and demonise those who spent a lifetime in public service, the ncp spokesperson said.
last month, lawyer prashant bhushan, a hazare team member, had been attacked too in his chamber, though that assault was over his comments on kashmir.
the congress demanded strong police action to put an end to this new trend of seeking publicity by attacking public figures.
congress mps said the recent attacks on party veteran janardan dwivedi and bhushan were symptomatic of the growing intolerance in society.
in june this year, a man had tried to hit dwivedi with a shoe but was overpowered.
finance minister pranab mukherjee summed up the mood among politicians.
we condemn the attack on sharad pawar.
the incident is most unfortunate, dont know where the country is going, he said.
many mps claimed that words like cheats, frauds, thugs and liars that some hazare team members used to describe senior ministers had contributed to the anti-politician mood.
president pratibha patil, vice-president hamid ansari, prime minister manmohan singh and congress chief sonia gandhi talked to pawar over phone.
senior ministers and leaders from different parties visited his residence in a show of solidarity.
many international leaders, including the president of sri lanka and the prime minister of nepal, also called pawar.
congress spokesperson rashid alvi warned parties against making irresponsible statements and referred to bjp leader yashwant sinhas comment yesterday that people would indulge in violence if prices continued to rise.
bjp spokesperson ravishankarprasad prasad said it was unfortunate the congress felt that the opposition party was trying to incite the public.
it (the attack) should not have happened, pti quoted him as saying.
it is a security breach.
congress spokesperson tewari condemned sinhas statement but did not link it to todays incident.
(clockwise from above) central paramilitary personnel practise yoga on the bihar military force in patna, a girl practises an asana at patnas gandhi maidan and tourists meditate in gayas mahabodhi mahavihara on tuesday on the occasion of the international day of yoga.
pictures by ashok sinha, deepak kumar and sumanthe international day of yoga was celebrated with fervour across the state on tuesday.
except for a few ministers of the nitish kumar government who skipped the yoga session organised at gandhi maidan, lakhs of people performed age-old postures.
an overcast sky formed the perfect setting for the early morning yoga session at most places, as people turned out in large numbers to practise asanas and mudras.
with ramdev as the brand ambassador for the mega event in the country, his patanjali yogpeeth was at the centre of making arrangements for yoga day in the city and 22 blocks in patna, including barh, maner and paliganj.
thousands of people turned up at the sessions organised by patanjali yogpeeth at gandhi maidan and patliputra sports complex in kankerbagh.
union minister of state for micro, small and medium enterprises giriraj singh led the session at kankerbagh, while union communications and information technology minister ravishankarprasad prasad led the session at gandhi maidan.
we are delighted with the huge turnout of people at the yoga sessions held in all 22 blocks of patna, said k.k. singh, a representative of patanjali yogpeeth in patna.
while the event was open for all, we had invited political leaders from ruling as well as opposition parties.
a number of private and government institutions also organised yoga sessions in the morning on their premises.
health experts, including doctors, also took part in a number of sessions.
the bihar school of yoga observed the second international day of yoga in a simple but pristine and dedicated manner.
though no special programme was held inside ganga darshan, the main building of the renowned yoga school, a 90-minute session was organised in its subsidiary building, paduka darshan, to mark the day.
around 50 residential students of the yoga school, mostly foreigners, and sanyasis (hermits), joined about 100 residents of munger in the yoga session held in the morning at paduka darshan at kashtarni ghat on the banks of the ganga.
the session, moderated by swami tyagraj, started around 6.
30am in the presence of various senior figures including bihar yog bharati vice-chancellor swami shankaranand and swami shivdhyanam.
swami shivdhyanam said: swami satyanand saraswati, after establishing the bihar school of yoga in 1963, had stated that yoga would arise as the most powerful global culture in the 21st century.
it was indeed acceptance of his statement in 2014 when 193-member countries of the united nations accepted the proposal to declare june 21 as the international day of yoga.
the session started with om-chanting, followed by shavasan, tadasan, triyak tadasan, kati chakrasan, surya namaskar, naadi shodhan and concluded with tratak.
an audio cd on yoga, made by the bihar school of yoga, was also released during the event.
several volunteer wings of the school, including bal mitra mandal (schoolchildren associated with the school), yuva yog mitra mandal (young volunteers associated with the school) and ramayani mandal organised yoga sessions at 108 places in munger, including rooftops of houses.
thousands of people, including doctors, lawyers, teachers, students, workers of jamalpur railway workshop, took part in around 1,000 individual yoga camps at public places, government institutions and other places.
around 2,000 workers of jamalpur railway workshop, including senior officials, joined special yoga classes in jamalpur.
one hundred ncc cadets of nand kumar singh school also performed asanas.
new delhi, oct.
11: cpi leader gurudas dasgupta today walked out of a meeting of the joint parliamentary committee on spectrum allocations, accusing congress member shashi tharoor of trying to insult him and defend a witness who was being quizzed.
cpm mp sitaram yechury, however, stayed put and didnt join his left comrade in storming out of the meeting the bjp had boycotted in protest against panel chairman and congress mp p.c. chackos autocratic style of functioning.
dasgupta walked out after a brief exchange of words with tharoor while the panel was examining former additional secretary in the department of economic affairs sindhushree khullar.
tharoor tried to insult me.
he also tried to defend the witness.
it is totally against the procedures of a parliamentary panel, the trade union leader told reporters after leaving in a huff.
the panel, set up after the entire winter session of parliament was washed out last year over the oppositions demand to set up a jpc, has been formed to probe alleged irregularities in the allocation of 2g spectrum.
but it appears to have achieved little, having turned into a forum for members of the ruling coalition and the opposition trying to brow beat each other.
dasgupta said he had written to chacko to demand that p. chidambaram, who was finance minister then too when the spectrums were allocated, be called as a witness.
asked why yechury, who too wanted chidambaram to be called as a witness, didnt join him in walking out, dasgupta said: why should he?
he did not fight with tharoor.
members from the samajwadi party and the bsp also backed dasguptas demand.
chacko is learnt to have written to meira kumar to decide on the demand, as the speakers nod is needed for a minister to be called as a witness before a parliamentary panel.
today we made a strong case about why the then finance minister was needed to appear before the panel and the chairman accepted.
i recalled how manmohan singh as then finance minister had appeared before the jpc probing the securities scam, yechury said.
the bjp wants manmohan singh also to appear before the panel, though the left and other opposition parties are not with it on the issue of calling the prime minister.
the six bjp members on the panel did not attend todays meeting but their leader yashwant sinha wrote to chacko accusing the chairman of being autocratic.
the bjp was, however, silent on whether it would ask the six to resign from the committee.
you have been avoiding taking a decision on this issue (summoning the prime minister and chidambaram) for reasons best known to you.
when we tried to raise this issue once again in the meeting of september 18, you behaved in a totally non-democratic, in fact an autocratic fashion and did not allow some of my colleagues and me to even raise the issue, sinha said in the letter.
he justified the demand for calling singh and chidambaram as witnesses, saying there were questions that they and they alone can answer.
if (former telecom minister) a. raja can go to jail, why cant the prime minister and chidambaram appear before the jpc?
why are they so sacrosanct?
bjp spokesperson ravishankarprasad prasad said.
chacko has remained firm against the partys demand to call the prime minister.
sources said the bjp was trying to use the jpc to corner the government, particularly the prime minister.
sanjay k. jhainformation technology and law minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
file picturenew delhi: different answers by two union ministers to the same question have left the victim bewildered.
the conflicting answers have both been given in parliament, making a mockery of the principle of collective responsibility of the government.
while information technology and law minister ravishankarprasad prasad had on february 2 stated that an fir had been registered against unknown persons over a newspaper report on aadhaar data breach, junior home minister hansraj ahir said on wednesday that delhi police's fir named a reporter of the tribune.
both questions were asked by samajwadi party mp neeraj shekhar in the rajya sabha.
question no.
3,763 on wednesday stated: whether the crime branch of delhi police cyber cell has registered an fir for reports on leakage of millions of aadhaar details on whatsapp for rs 500 on january 5, 2018?
if so, the details thereof, details of persons and newspaper against whom the fir has been filed.
ahir's written reply stated: delhi police has reported that on complaint of deputy director (logistics & grievance redressal) uidai, a case vide fir no 09/2018 dated 05-01-2018 under section 36/37 (of the) aadhaar act 2016, under section 419, 420, 468, 471 ipc and under section it act has been registered wherein the name of journalist of tribune newspaper finds a mention.
shekhar had asked the same question earlier: whether the government is aware that more than one billion unrestricted aadhaar details were available on whatsapp for rs 500 as per a report.
whether the uidai has filed an fir against the whistleblower?
it minister prasad had replied on february 2: aadhaar data is fully safe and secure and there has not been a single case of data breach from the uidai's data base.
the report in media about rs 500, 10 minutes and you have access to billion aadhaar details was a case of misreporting and is completely false.
the uidai has filed a complaint on 4th jan 2018 with full details of the incident, on which an fir no.
9/18 dated january 5, 2018, has been registered in cyber cell of delhi police against unknown persons.
the report in the tribune had claimed that details on any of a billion aadhaar numbers were available in 10 minutes for rs 500.
another question (no.
155) by shekhar was read: it minister, refer to the starred question (no.
5) given in the rajya sabha on february 2, 2018.
whether the government is aware that specific names of journalists and newspapers have been mentioned twice on page number 2 in the fir 09/18 on january 5, 2018.
if so, the reasons for not providing this information in the reply to the above question and the basis on which the ministry has stated that the fir has been filed against unknown persons.
whether the government proposes to withdraw the fir against journalists and the newspaper and bring the real culprits for aadhaar details leak to justice?
prasad replied on march 9: the reply was given by the ministry wherein it was informed that the uidai has filed a complaint on january 4 with full details of incidents on which an fir 09/18 was registered against unknown persons.
the uidai compliant is detailed and self-contained.
the details of known/suspect/unknown accused detailed at serial number 7 of the page 1 of the fir states as unknown.
another question (no.
1,690) by congress rajya sabha mp chhaya verma on march 9 had pointed out that the fir has names of a few persons rather than unknown persons and sought to know the reason for concealing the names recorded in the fir.
prasad replied on the same day asserting that no fact has been concealed and the fir had indeed been filed against unknown persons.
the reporter of the tribune, rachna khaira, told the telegraph: who do i believe - the it minister or the home minister?
i had the assurance of the it minister that my name is not there in the fir.
he had said the uidai would seek my assistance in the case.
i believed there is freedom for the media to report the truth.
but now i am an accused.
asked what was her understanding of the fir, rachna said: the case history names me and the fir cannot be delinked from the case history.
the fir, in the section details of known suspect/unknown accused, mentions unknown persons.
but on page 2, it names rachna khaira along with anil kumar, sunil kumar, raj and other unknown persons.
criminal lawyers said the police usually mention unknown in the details section but a reading of the whole fir leaves no doubt that rachna is an accused.
now, rachna is bewildered, waiting for a firm rebuttal of the home ministry claim by the it ministry.
union law and justice minister ravishankarprasad prasad at a press conference in new delhi on wednesday, jan 2, 2019.
ptithe government on wednesday introduced amendments to the aadhaar law in a move immediately billed within and outside the lok sabha as an attempt to circumvent the supreme courts september verdict and ease the way for commercial exploitation of biometric data.
the aadhaar and other laws (amendment) bill, 2018, seeks to amend the aadhaar law as well as the indian telegraph act, 1885, and the prevention of money laundering act, 2002, to allow telecom companies and banks voluntary use of aadhaar numbers to verify identities for opening new accounts.
opposition members and aadhaar-sceptics say this goes against the supreme courts judgment that had limited the scope of the cards mandatory use.
a five-judge constitution bench had in september upheld the validity of aadhaar in a 4:1 majority verdict.
but the court restricted aadhaars use to targeted subsides  as originally conceived by the congress-led upa  and income-tax returns and pan allotment, jeopardising the narendra modi governments aggressive push to link the scheme to a host of services.
the court had explicitly prohibited the use of the 12-digit identification number by private entities, declaring section 57 of the act unconstitutional.
the bill provides for the omission of section 57, but introduces separate provisions for voluntary use of the aadhaar number in physical or electronic form for authentication.
law minister ravishankarprasad prasad, who introduced the bill in the lok sabha amid protests by the opposition, sought to allay fears that it was aimed at sidestepping not just the aadhaar verdict but also the courts 2017 privacy judgment when a nine-judge constitution bench had ruled that privacy was a fundamental right.
the proposed amendment is being done in compliance with the supreme court judgment itself, prasad said, responding to the concerns aired by congress, trinamul and rsp members who had objected to the bills introduction.
whatever gaps the supreme court has found, we are addressing those gaps in the shape of this amendment.
on the specific issue of allowing private parties to use aadhaar numbers, his counter was the government was just providing for an alternative mode of authentication.
prasad also informed the house that the data protection bill was ready.
we shall be very soon coming with that bill to the house and the entire aadhaar architecture will be in tune with the entire data protection law, he said.
earlier, while opposing the introduction of the amendment bill, trinamul mp saugata roy had questioned the legislative competence to amend what the supreme court had struck down.
the bill has been brought without stakeholders consultation.
we apprehend that the government may once again take the money bill route to bulldoze these amendments through parliament.
we worry that the governments primary interest is in maintaining the status quo on aadhaar while paying lip service to the supreme courts directions.
the rajya sabha, where the bjps assured numbers are just a little over 100 in a house of 244, cannot hold back a money bill beyond 14 days after which it is considered passed.
congress mp shashi tharoor called the bill premature because we first need the enactment of a data protection law to prescribe the basic standards to protect our right to privacy.
amendments must be made to the aadhaar act, 2016, after the enactment of a data protection law, in order to bring the act in consonance with the data protection framework, tharoor said.
n.k. premachandran of the rsp pointed out that the very definition of aadhaar was being changed in a manner that would give the government and the executive the authority to decide what an alternative virtual identification number is.
the clause that defines the aadhaar number states that it not only means an identification number issued to an individual under sub-section (3) of section 3  as is provided in the original act  but also includes any alternative virtual identity generated under sub-section (4) of that section.
rethink aadhaar  a collective that has been mobilising opinion against its mandatory use  articulated some of these concerns in a statement, describing the amendments as a continuation of the governments doublespeak and constitutional fraud on aadhaar.
an added fear, the statement said, is that the governments latest move might encourage the continued collection of citizens data through the use of aadhaar-based authentication, violating the protections laid down by the supreme court.
according to the judgment, private entities are no longer allowed to maintain any aadhaar-related data records.
dipak mishraa poster put up at the income tax roundabout in patna on saturday shows prime minister narendra modi and bjp leaders.
pictures by nagendra kumar singhpatna, oct.
14: the change of equation between the bjp and the jdu was visible on the roads of patna today.
bjp leaders had painted the city saffron with posters welcoming prime minister narendra modi.
union minister ravishankarprasad prasad had put up posters of his own in several localities from where the prime minister passed on his way to the patna university function.
all these posters carried portraits of narendra modi and other bihar bjp leaders - sushil kumar modi, nand kishore yadav, ram kripal yadav and prem kumar among others.
but not one of these carried nitish kumar's picture.
the only posters that had nitish as well as the prime minister were the ones put up by patna university.
it's a far cry from the nda-i days, when nitish's photograph used to figure in virtually every poster put up by the bjp on special occasions.
the jdu leaders joked that the bjp then depended on nitish to attract crowds.
putting up photographs of narendra modi, who was then the gujarat chief minister, was unthinkable.
let alone narendra modi's photograph, even taking his name at public functions after 2010, when nitish suddenly cancelled a dinner invitation to bjp leaders, was forbidden, recalled a senior bjp leader, stressing that the bjp was then eager to keep nitish in good humour.
one of the posters put up by patna university features chief minister nitish kumarhowever, the dynamics of nda-ii changed all that.
bjp leaders point out that they had been asked to keep nitish out of party functions and activities.
there is a deliberate effort this time to not allow nitish to take credit for all the work and projects, a bjp leader conceded.
during the last assembly election in 2015, the jdu had launched a huge poster war across the state.
posters with slogans like  bihar mein bahar hai showed nitish kumar but not allies like rjd chief lalu prasad.
nitish is being paid in his own coin, said an rjd leader.
yogi adityanath at the bjp meeting on saturday.
(pti)the shadow of the samajwadi-bahujan samaj party alliance hung over the bjp national convention on saturday, with uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath and his deputy keshav prasad maurya excoriating it as a casteist and corrupt alliance.
adityanath was speaking at the convention while mayawati and akhilesh yadav were holding a joint news conference, and party managers were visibly angry at the news channels live coverage of the lucknow event in preference to the one in delhi.
without directly referring to either regional party, adityanath alleged that people who couldnt stand each other were coming together driven by their fear of prime minister narendra modi.
he accused mayawati and akhilesh of joining hands for corruption.
this is a coalition of a casteist, corrupt and opportunistic mindset that doesnt want development or good governance.
the public knows everything and will give this unholy alliance a fitting reply, he later told reporters.
maurya, who spoke after yogi, said the alliance resembled an attempt at friendship between a snake and a mongoose, which can never succeed.
mayawati and akhilesh are scared of modiji; so they are joining hands.
the backwards and dalits, however, are with modiji.
their alliance will not work, he said.
law minister ravishankarprasad prasad claimed the alliance would have no impact because the general election concerned not just uttar pradesh but the country.
they have allied for their survival.
they know they cannot fight modiji on their own, and their opposition to him is the sole basis for their alliance, prasad said.
the india of 2019 is aspirational; it doesnt want to return to the 90s, he added, referring to an era of patchwork coalitions.
he said the country wanted an honest, courageous and decisive leader like modi.
today a comical alliance known as (the) mahagathbandhan of desperate, contradictory and opportunistic political formations is being sought to be raised to take on the prime minister, the bjp and the nda, the partys political resolution said.
they neither have any programme (or) agenda for india or for the people of india, nor any leader, but the only glue is the hatred against narendra modi.
many bjp delegates sought details of the alliance as it was unfolding in lucknow, acknowledging it could pose a threat to their party.
the alliance will surely reduce our seats in uttar pradesh, one of them said.
on the stage, bjp president amit shah was seen saying something to modi while gesturing towards his phone as the mayawati-akhilesh news conference wore on, prompting suggestions that he was briefing the prime minister about the developments in lucknow.
speaking later, shah said the alliance was no match for modi and that bjp workers would ensure the party won 50 per cent of the votes.
he cited how the bjp had defeated a samajwadi-congress coalition in the uttar pradesh assembly polls.
many expect the alliance to wipe out the astonishing gains the bjp had made in uttar pradesh in 2014, winning 73 of its 80 lok sabha seats along with its allies.
the (probable) loss in uttar pradesh will be difficult to compensate, a bjp insider said.
finance minister arun jaitley said that none of the opposition leaders could match modis popularity and stressed that the general election would not be about arithmetic but about chemistry.
amazon officials today met telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad to discuss the vexed issue of taxing online retailers.
the company also discussed the feasibility of engaging local grocery stores as delivery centres where customers may collect shipments at their convenience.
whatever is doable shall be done, prasad said on addressing the tax concerns.
global players are operating on a marketplace model - as opposed to an inventory model - because fdi is not allowed in e-commerce.
they have argued that vat (value-added tax) is not applicable to them as they don't sell goods directly.
the tax should be levied only on producing companies or actual sellers who use their platform, they feel.
amazon has been issued notices by the karnataka government for not paying vat.
the state government has said since companies such as amazon offer their platform and services for a commission, even commission agents have to pay tax.
under the existing vat act, both dealers and commission agents have to pay tax.
e-commerce firms have also raised issues about the countries that should tax them.
india plans to bring in global best practices to decide on how to deal with such complex tax issues.
it has flagged the taxation of global firms in a paper to be taken up by officials at the g-20 meeting in brisbane later this month.
e-commerce happens in one country, the person who manages the logistics could be in another, the manufacturer of the product could be in yet another country, while the consumer could be in a different country.
so where do you tax such a transaction?
it is issues like these that really need a global consensus.
that is why we talk about global governance issues, suresh prabhu, prime minister narendra modi's emissary at the g-20 meeting, has said.
amazon wants to involve grocery stores in their business.
they want to start delivery of products through grocery stores as it will help these stores have more footfall, prasad said.
the model is aimed at providing convenience to working people who are not at home during the day when the orders are delivered.
ebay move ebay india managing director latif nathani today met commerce and industry minister nirmala sitharaman to discuss the prospects of the $3-billion e-commerce industry.
he said ebay had 50,000 sellers on its platform, of which 15,000 sold across the globe.
that is a huge opportunity with the government charter of 'make in india' because these 15,000 sellers are mostly artisans and craftsmen and they are exporting india's products and culture abroad, he said.
ncp mp supriya sule speaks in the lok sabha during the budget session of parliament on july 1.
pti file photonationalist congress party leader supriya sule today drew attention in the lok sabha to a portion of the economic survey where the government has said the private sector may be granted access to select databases for commercial use.
the economic survey was tabled on thursday by finance minister nirmala sitharaman.
the debate today in the lok sabha was on the aadhaar and other laws (amendment) ordinance, 2019, promulgated by the president on march 2.
the bill on this was passed in the lok sabha today.
in a chapter in the economic survey titled data of the people, by the people, for the people, says: the private sector may be granted access to select databases for commercial use.
consistent with the notion of data as a public good, there is no reason to preclude commercial use of this data for profit.
undoubtedly, the data revolution envisioned here is going to cost funds.
although the social benefits would far exceed the cost to the government, at least a part of the generated data should be monetised to ease the pressure on government finances.
after reading out this portion, sule asked: so, is there a problem with governments money?
is that why you are selling data?
if you are selling data, then this debate is completely meaningless.
the economic survey also says that datasets may be sold to analytics agencies that process the data, generate insights, and sell the insights further to the corporate sector, which may in turn use these insights to predict demand, discover untapped markets or innovate new products.
after reading out this section, the ncp mp said: so, they are selling government data to corporate sectors.
shame!
shame!
this is peoples data.
shame!
the common man is being cheated, sule said, and asked it minister ravishankarprasad prasad for a clarification.
she warned that if the government did not protect citizens' information, india would become a police state.
sule's point on data security resonated with bjd mp pinaki mishras comments on the ordinance.
mishra said that information and data is now the new oil of the 21st century.
whoever controls information and data is going to be in this incredibly powerful position to control our lives, he said.
the bjd leader gave the example of chinese companies such as bytedance, that owns tiktok and helo apps, to claim that the country has a neighbour that is hell bent in aggrandising data and information from india.
we need protection from these kinds of egregious agencies which are otherwise going to create mayhem in this country, mishra said.
tiktok is a short video making app, and helo is a social media platform.
sule accused the bjp and the nda of doublespeak on aadhaar.
quoting the observations of the standing committee on finance (2011-12) on the national identification authority of india bill, sule said the entire committee under yashwant sinhas chairmanship objected to the bill.
this [bill] will, they apprehend, make even illegal immigrants entitled to an aadhaar number, sule quoted from the report.
she said the uk, us or australia, none of these countries have such identification measures.
she also punctured prasads claim that people willingly gave their aadhaar number for nursery admissions.
she said that today even if a child goes on a trip, the school asks for the aadhaar card.
why is the aadhaar card compulsory?
what is voter id then?
we all have voters id.
i cant really understand why aadhaar card has to be used, sule said.
toward the end of her speech she brought up what happened in bihar recently.
hundred and fifty children have not died because of litchi, they died because of malnutrition.
if aadhaar is so effective and you are serving lakhs of crores, how there are so many malnourished children in the country.
.
.
.
id like to request the government not to misuse our information.
it is only going to become a police state if we dont get our act together, she said.
new delhi, may 11: the supreme court today annulled the call drop compensation regulation, but telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad said operators must heed properly his call to improve service quality.
when they can expand telecom services to the nook and corner of the country, why can't they improve the quality?
prasad asked soon after the court judgment.
the apex court today set aside the provision for a call-drop penalty put in place by regulator trai, which mandated mobile service providers to pay consumers re 1 for every dropped call subject to a maximum of rs 3 a day.
a bench of justices kurian joseph and r.f. nariman called the regulation ultra vires, arbitrary, unreasonable and non-transparent.
a consumer may well suffer a call drop after 3 or 4 seconds in a voice call.
whereas the consumer is charged only 4 or 5 paise for such a dropped call, the service provider has to pay a sum of rupee one to the said consumer.
this cannot be called notional at all, justice nariman said.
commenting on the order, prasad said: trai regulation is under scrutiny.
therefore, trai needs to take a call.
as far as government obligation is concerned, we shall continue to persuade telecom operators to provide good service.
sources, however, said all options were being explored, including filing a review plea.
meanwhile, congress leader kapil sibal, counsel for the telecom operators, called trai's call drop regulation a populist measure.
if you want to please the people of india and want to become popular with them, do it in accordance with the law, sibal said.
on february 29, the delhi high court had upheld trai's regulation.
subsequently, telecom service providers moved the supreme court.
to justify their stand, operators said they were drafting spectrum sharing and trading agreements to increase bandwidth to provide better voice and data services.
moreover, discussions with local resident welfare associations were on to resolve the issue of installing telecom towers.
in a joint statement, industry associations coai and auspi said: we are committed to working with trai to focus on the core issues that impede quality service such as availability of affordable spectrum and timely permissions for setting up our cell towers.
smriti irani new delhi, july 16: smriti irani has been dropped from the cabinet committee on parliamentary affairs, days after being shifted from the human resource development ministry to the textiles ministry.
smriti had been inducted into the panel - one of a total of six cabinet committees - as a special invitee in june 2014.
now her successor in the human resource development ministry, prakash javadekar, has found a place on the parliamentary affairs panel as a full-fledged member, not just a special invitee.
like smriti, javadekar had been a special invitee to this committee when he was a minister of state with independent charge of the environment and forests ministry.
he was promoted to cabinet rank during the july 5 shuffle of the council of ministers.
the current special invitees to the panel include the two junior ministers for parliamentary affairs, mukhtar abbas naqvi and s.s. ahluwalia, and a surprise choice: p.p. chaudhary, junior minister for law and justice as well as electronics and information technology.
ahluwalia and chaudhary were inducted into prime minister narendra modi's ministerial team in the july 5 shuffle, which led to the revamp of all the cabinet panels on july 14.
apart from parliamentary affairs, there are panels on appointments, accommodation, economic affairs, political affairs and security.
ananth kumar, who has gained the parliamentary affairs portfolio while retaining chemicals and fertilisers, is on all the panels except for the one on security, which provides an indication of his growing importance.
at last, he has managed to live down the perception that he is an (l.k.) advani confidant, which he needed to do to get on the right side of the prime minister and the bjp president (amit shah), a party source said.
a place on a cabinet panel depends largely on the portfolio a member holds, although this is not a hard and fast rule.
for instance, when the panels were tweaked following the last ministerial changes in november 2014, j.p. nadda, freshly inducted as health minister, was drafted into the political affairs committee although his predecessor harsh vardhan had not been on it.
sources explained that nadda's status as an old hand in the party organisation probably led to his inclusion in the panel.
with smriti, the other ministers taken off the committees are d.v. sadananda gowda and rajiv pratap rudy.
as former law minister, gowda was on the parliamentary affairs committee.
his successor, ravishankarprasad prasad, is in.
prasad was already on the political affairs and economic affairs panels.
rudy has lost the portfolio of junior parliamentary affairs minister and is now left only with skill development.
ananth kumar's predecessor, m. venkaiah naidu, has kept his place on the parliamentary affairs committee even after being relocated to the information and broadcasting ministry.
members from the bjp's allies have retained their panel berths: ram vilas paswan in economic affairs, parliamentary affairs and political affairs; telugu desam's ashok gajapathi raju in economic affairs and political affairs; akali dal's harsimrat kaur badal in economic affairs and political affairs; and shiv sena's anant geete in political affairs.
after taking over as prime minister, modi had pared the number of parliamentary committees from 10 to six, doing away with those on the wto, infrastructure (now merged with economic affairs), prices and the unique identification authority of india.
shiv sena's aaditya thackeray picture by prem singhallies the bjp is banking on to return to power have stressed that kashmiris are an integral part of india and have come out firmly against attacks on them across the country in the aftermath of the pulwama terror strike, even as the top leadership of the government has maintained silence on the backlash.
the shiromani akali dal, shiv sena and the janata dal united, all constituents of the bjp-led nda, have criticised the targeting of kashmiris and urged the centre to take stern steps against those fomenting such attacks.
although the union home ministry has sent out a routine advisory to states to protect kashmiris, prime minister narendra modi so far has not spoken against the attacks on people from the valley staying in different parts of the country.
the akali dal on friday appealed to president ram nath kovind to take action against meghalaya governor tathagata roy, who was for long associated with the bjp, for backing a purported call to boycott everything kashmiri.
just like kashmir is an integral part of india; we have an integral bond with kashmiris also.
we are committed to protect them.
it is shameful that a governor uses such words & advocates a hateful approach against kashmiris.
@tathagata2 has lost all moral rights to be a governor, akali dal spokesperson manjinder s. sirsa tweeted.
roy had tweeted last tuesday in response to the pulwama attack.
an appeal from a retired colonel of the indian army: dont visit kashmir, dont go to amarnath for the next 2 years.
dont buy articles from kashmir emporia or kashmiri tradesman who come every winter.
boycott everything kashmiri.
i am inclined to agree.
akali dal mp naresh gujral demanded that the president take action against roy.
it is shocking that such statements are made and no action is being taken.
this is a constitutional position and people want a governor to be a statesman and secular.
such statements spread hatred in the country, gujral said.
roy, who has made many controversial and outrageous comments on twitter in the past, has been condemned by the government or the bjps top leadership.
on thursday, when law minister ravishankarprasad prasad was asked about roys tweet on kashmiris, he said: i dont agree with his tweet.
the matter ends there.
the shiv sena, seen as vehemently pro-hindutva, too has taken a stand against the attacks on kashmiris.
sena leader aditya thackeray, son of party chief uddhav thackeray, on friday sacked partymen allegedly involved in an attack on kashmiris in maharashtras yavatmal on wednesday.
as of last evening, the party has sacked those involved in the act.
j&k is a part of india and no indian, or for that matter, nobody should face the brunt of anger that is towards terrorism.
we understand the angst but it must be against terror, not innocent people, aditya tweeted.
bihar chief minister and jdu boss nitish kumar, another bjp ally, has not only condemned the attacks on kashmiris but also voiced support for article 370 that grants special status to jammu and kashmir.
post-pulwama, large sections of the sangh family have been demanding abrogation of article 370.
confronted with the voices of key allies, the bjp on friday came out in support of kashmir and kashmiris.
kashmir is an integral part of the country and we are with our kashmiri brothers and sisters, bjp spokesperson sambit patra said.
he, however, refused to react to the akali dals demand that the president act against the meghalaya governor, saying he doesnt speak on high constitutional posts.
it isn't often that english becomes the lingua franca at an indian political rally.
but at the mahagathbandhan rally, it became the fallback language for a large part of the afternoon for obvious reasons.
english was the only language that could bring together dmk leader stalin who had flown in from chennai for the rally with farooq abdullah from kashmir and mamata banerjee herself, who switched constantly from english to hindi with a smattering of bengali thrown in.
also speaking in english was former prime minister h. d. devegowda, who made a speech of superlative tediousness.
devegowda is a canny political operator but a speaker he is not.
the fact that almost the entire opposition turned up for the rally is an indication of two things.
firstly, some are terrified of being left in a political wilderness for another five years.
but, equally, many of the top opposition leaders genuinely believe that the bjp government poses a threat to democracy.
andhra pradesh chief minister n. chandrababu naidu sounded a dire warning, saying: democracy is under threat.
and a hatred campaign is going on.
former jammu and kashmir chief minister farooq abdullah went much further, evoking the rise of the nazis in pre-world war ii germany and saying: i hope we don't have a situation where hitler rises and goebbels rises.
the politicians on the stage in calcutta represented an extraordinary coalition of parties and political views.
from the all-important uttar pradesh, came the sp's akhilesh yadav.
the bahujan samaj party's leader mayawati didn't come herself but sent her key lieutenant satish mishra.
from bihar rjd, there was lalu prasad yadav's son tejashwi yadav, who asserted that a mix of investigative agencies were being unleashed against the opposition as the elections came closer.
from the bjp itself, there was former disinvestment minister arun shourie and former finance minister yashwant sinha.
and shatrughan sinha made a fiery speech and revived flagging interest after the sleep-inducing devegowda.
these were on top of the aap's arvind kejriwal, stalin, farooq, devegowda, sharad pawar, praful patel and naidu.
from the congress, there were mallikarjun kharge and abhishek singhvi.
rahul gandhi himself stayed away, reportedly, at the request of the congress state unit in bengal which didn't want its leader on the platform at a meeting organised by its arch-rival mamata.
the bjp was clearly stung by the high-profile rally and that was evident when it rolled out a string of spokesmen  from ravishankarprasad prasad, to minister for minority affairs mukhtar abbas naqvi and even the controversial bihar mp and minister of state giriraj singh  to hit back at the opposition charges against it.
farooq abdullah (centre) greets shatrughan sinha (right) as n. chandrababu naidu looks on at the rally in calcutta on saturday.
ptipredictably, the bjp called the mahagathbandhan a 'khichdi'.
and arun jaitley in a blog labelled the opposition leaders the nabobs of negativity, a phrase first coined by former us vice-president spiro agnew.
behind the scenes, a great deal of work has been taking place to ensure that the mahagathbandhan would hang together.
andhra pradesh chief minister naidu, for instance, has been flying in and out of new delhi holding meetings with almost all the opposition leaders one after another.
and the calcutta rally has been a personal triumph for mamata, who was clearly the person in charge and ensuring that nothing went wrong on the big day.
interestingly, too, it was clear that the opposition leaders were being cautious and trying not to outshine all the others.
all the leaders know their political history and are conscious that only once before have india's political leaders united like this.
that was in 1977 when the emergency was lifted and many opposition leaders had just spent time in jail and were willing to sink their differences to ensure that indira gandhi did not return to power.
they also know that the janata government was short-lived and was brought down before its time by the ambitions of leaders like charan singh.
this time round, there are even more potential prime ministerial candidates than there were in 1977.
mamata has clearly pitched herself as a contender after today's rally.
but there are any number of others, including firstly rahul gandhi who will be able to claim the top job for the congress only if his party emerges as the largest party in the elections.
also, there's mayawati who would love the top job in delhi  and akhilesh would be glad to back her so that he can claim the uttar pradesh chief ministership.
there's also naidu and even devegowda might stake his claim as a former prime minister and a compromise candidate.
can the mahagathbandhan hold together?
as always, the leaders all have conflicting interests.
in delhi, kejriwal and the congress are preparing to slug it out and in uttar pradesh akhilesh and mayawati represent conflicting caste groups and interests.
still it's a measure of their dislike for the narendra modi government that they have held together despite all these conflicting interests.
the next stop for the mahagathbandhan is new delhi and a rally at the ram leela grounds.
the bjp will do its level best to break the coalition but if they can hang together till then the bjp will have a fight on its hands.
rahul gandhi addresses a rally in doda, jammu, on friday.
(pti) april 11: rahul gandhi today questioned narendra modis attitude towards women by citing his long delay in acknowledging his wife and his alleged attempt to spy on a young woman in gujarat.
i dont know how many elections he has contested.
but for the first time he has written that he is married, the congress vice-president told a rally in jammus doda district.
in delhi, he talks about the honour of women but his wifes name did not reach the affidavit (in the past).
rahuls comments came on a day the congress approached the election commission seeking an fir against modi for hiding his marriage in past poll affidavits, and the centre said a judge would be named soon to head the snoopgate probe against him.
a purported sting last year had accused gujarat police of snooping on a woman architect in 2009 at the behest of a modi aide, directed by his sahib.
the womans father has said he had requested the surveillance.
rahul told the doda crowd: the (gujarat) chief ministers entire strength, (the) polices entire strength is used to tap the phone of a woman.
gujarat police runs after a woman because the chief minister wants to know what is happening.
he added: and then they put up a poster in delhi: respect women.
what sort of respect is it?
while filing his nomination from vadodara on wednesday, modi had for the first time mentioned in a poll affidavit that he was married to jashodaben, whom reports have described as a retired schoolteacher.
modi, said to have separated from her months after their teenage marriage in 1968, used to leave the column for spouse blank in his past poll affidavits before the election commission made it mandatory to fill in all the columns.
the bjp today reacted to rahuls allegations saying modi had never lied about his marriage and that there was no aggrieved party because jashodaben had never complained against him.
snoop & fir the centre had ordered a judicial probe last winter following charges that the alleged surveillance had continued beyond gujarats borders but hasnt yet named the judge.
questioned about the delay, union law minister kapil sibal today told reporters: we have not backed out.
we have to only name the judge.
we know the judge.
the timing of the announcement will be decided.
he said that since the probe had been announced earlier, appointing its head now would not violate the poll panels model code of conduct.
a congress petition to the election commission accused modi of filing wrong affidavits in the past four (assembly) elections he contested.
it accused modi of intentional falsification criminal breach of trust and cheating in submission of nomination papers and sought an fir under various penal sections including section 420 (cheating).
the congress told the poll panel that modi had repeatedly claimed that he was single.
he made a virtue out of being single bereft of any trappings of family or relatives as an evidence of his selfless service, its petition said.
it quoted from a speech by modi in february where he said: and secondly my brothers, why do i need to be corrupt?
for whom do i want money?
i have nobody in this world .
porn punch in jammu, rahul continued taunting the bjp on its attitude towards women, referring to how two karnataka ministers had been caught watching porn in the assembly two years ago.
i saw their poster in delhi which said, we want to empower woman.
i went to karnataka and i was told that bjp ministers are committing atrocities on women.
in the assembly, the bjp ministers watch a film.
you know what sort of film they watched, he said.
rahul also targeted chhattisgarhs bjp government.
i was told that 20,000 women have gone missing in chhattisgarh.
they (the government) do not know where they have gone.
he took a pot shot at the crony capitalism modi is said to encourage, referring to allegations of land being doled out cheap to the adani group.
in gujarat, one person has been given thousands of acres of land for free.
labourers and farmers are crying.
(bjp veterans l.k.) advani and jaswant singh were shunted out and adani was brought in, he said.
bjp defence bjp leaders warned the congress against raking up modis marriage.
i know many secrets of the gandhi family too from nehru, indira gandhi and rajiv but do not want to disclose them, senior leader ravishankarprasad prasad said.
modi had never said that he was single, prasad claimed.
why are they going into personal things?
people want an answer to the countrys problems.
he (rahul) can talk about it later and hold a panchayat.
it will cost congress heavily.
dont get into these things, it will boomerang, former bjp president m. venkaiah naidu said.
panchayat plea a panchayat in jind district of haryana today appealed to modi to reunite with his wife.
the sarpanch of bibipur panchayat said a mail had been sent to the bjps prime ministerial candidate on an appeal from villagers, including scores of women.
poster mud narendra modis supporters in varanasi on friday released a poster describing him as desh premi (patriot) and leaders of the congress and the samajwadi party as patni premi (loving husbands).
it is a fight between a person who loves his nation and left home and family to serve the country, against those who love their wives and not the nation, said ashok chaurasia, a local bjp leader who is associated with modis campaign, while releasing the poster.
the poster has photographs of jawaharlal nehru with edwina mountbatten and of rahul gandhi being hugged by an enthusiastic congress worker.
it also shows shashi tharoor with his late wife sunanda pushkar, digvijaya singh, mulayam singh yadav andmohammad azam khan.
the bjps election in-charge for modi in varanasi, ashok dhavan, accepted that chaurasia belonged to the party but said he was not aware of the poster.
i will inquire into the matter, he said.
pankaj sarmaguwahati: the centre has initiated back-channel efforts to bring ulfa (independent) chief paresh barua to the negotiation table.
an official source told the telegraph that as the negotiations with the pro-talks faction of the outfit has reached its final stage, the government has stepped up efforts to involve barua in the peace process in a bid to find a lasting solution to the decades-old insurgency problem plaguing the state.
according to the source, central intelligence agencies are spearheading the surreptitious move, which is being monitored at the highest level of the union government and the assam government has also been kept in the loop.
already a direct channel has been opened with certain individuals having access to barua, who is believed to be based somewhere along the china-myanmar border, to persuade him to come forward for talks and a senior leader of the pro-talks faction is playing a key role in it, the source said.
though the process is still at a nascent stage, a couple of rounds of preliminary discussions with the potential go-betweens have been held in myanmar and europe, the source said.
he said though the government is hopeful of a positive response from barua, it is not yet clear what stance he would eventually take.
in september last year, responding to an appeal made by spiritual leader and founder of the art of living foundation, ravishankarprasad , to ulfa (i) and other militant groups of the region to take part in peace talks, barua had reiterated his group's stance of not responding to any peace initiatives unless the centre considers independence of assam as part of the agenda.
our special correspondentnew delhi: the congress believes that the data theft controversy is yet another invention of the government to divert the people's attention from questions about the bank fraud, rafale deal, death of indians in iraq, employment crisis and the agrarian distress.
party chief rahul gandhi set the tone of the discourse early on thursday morning with a sarcastic tweet: problem: 39 indians dead; government on the mat, caught lying.
solution: invent story on congress & data theft.
result: media networks bite bait; 39 indians vanish from radar.
problem solved.
hours later, congress communications chief randeep surjewala said: you paralyse parliament but questions about nirav modi, mehul choksi, rafale, the death of 39 indians, jobs, farm distress and the ssc examination scam continue to haunt.
hitler had goebbels and you have a law minister who is acting as a lie minister.
he invents a controversy and starts giving sermons instead of answering questions.
reiterating that the congress or rahul had never hired the services of cambridge analytica, which has been accused of improperly assessing information on millions of facebook users to target us voters, surjewala said: let (law minister) ravishankarprasad prasad categorically answer whether the bjp ever hired the services of cambridge analytica and its indian partner obi or not?
the congress leader repeated the charge that the bjp hired the services of the firms in bihar, haryana, jharkhand, maharashtra and delhi.
asked about the fresh allegation by prasad that rahul's gujarat campaign was managed by cambridge analytica, surjewala said: nothing is happening in this government except manufacturing of lies.
we never hired their services.
prasad was the it minister also and he should know the company doesn't run twitter accounts.
congress mp shashi tharoor too dismissed cambridge analytica's involvement in the gujarat polls as complete falsehood.
prasad had said earlier in the day: rahul gandhi's entire social media campaign has been managed with the help of cambridge analytica and they have had meetings also.
this company is known for aggressive fake news, below-standard campaign.
do i need to record before you the language of rahul gandhi, gabbar singh tax and the whole social media campaign?
surjewala also released documents showing former bjp it chief arvind gupta, who now heads the government's official portal, praising cambridge analytica.
gupta had tweeted in october 2017: ca is a powerful tool and when used correctly, can provide deep insights and finetune communication and outreach strategies.
surjewala made public screenshots that showed information and broadcasting minister smriti irani was following cambridge analytica on twitter.
asking why a minister was following a company accused of data theft, surjewala said: the modi government's own record of data leak is phenomenal.
on october 20, 2016, 32 lakh atms were hacked.
on february 23, 2018, 10,000 debit-credit card data of.
.
.
pnb were leaked.
on may 1, 2017, data on 13 crore aadhaar cards got leaked and a newspaper recently published a report saying aadhaar data was available for rs 500.
prasad shouting about data leak is like chor machaye shor (thief raises an alarm).
to a question about the bjp's allegation that a case of data theft had been registered against the head of the congress's data analysis department, praveen chakravarty, surjewala said: a channel ran this story.
the person concerned is going to file a criminal defamation case for making a false charge.
r. balajisupreme court.
picture by prem singhnew delhi: the centre on monday moved a review petition against the march 20 supreme court verdict that mandated a preliminary inquiry before any arrest under the sc/st (prevention of atrocities) act and ruled against automatic denial of bail to the accused.
if the legislative mandate by parliament is for strict implementation for elimination of a particular menace, then it would not be permissible to dilute the implementation of any such social welfare legislation by resorting to any exercise described as balance and given the form of laying down guidelines, the petition says, virtually accusing the top court of judicial overreach.
such an exercise would not be in conformity with the settled demarcation of jurisdiction between the legislative functioning of parliament and the discharge of judicial functions by rendering interpretation by courts.
the procedural checks by way of a preliminary inquiry as directed by the court would tend to reduce the registration of cases, conviction in cases.
.
.
and per se would act as a deterrent in even filing of firs.potential misuse of a law cannot be a ground for diluting a provision enacted by the legislature, the government argued.
such a principle (would make the act).
.
.
toothless and nugatory.
according to the centre, section 18 of the 1989 act, which precludes courts from granting anticipatory bail, is its backbone, carrying an inherent deterrence and instilling a sense of protection among the dalit and tribal communities.
the government recalled that on december 15, 2016, in national campaign on dalit human rights vs union of india, the apex court had rapped the police's failure to register a case under the act.
in the ram kishna balothia case (1995), the court had upheld the validity of section 18.
the centre also referred to a 1994 constitution bench judgment in kartar singh vs punjab that said the denial of anticipatory bail did not violate article 21 (right to life and liberty).
the government said that in 2016, just 24.
9 per cent of the 47,338 cases registered under the act ended in conviction while the rest were pending in courts.
law minister ravishankarprasad prasad told reporters the supreme court had not formally made the government a party to the case while passing the verdict - it had merely sought oral views from additional solicitor-general maninder singh.
lucknow: bsp chief mayawati on tuesday accused the narendra modi government of insulting the judiciary as she slammed the centre's tendency to demean one of the important pillars of democracy, wading into the row over the appointment of judges.
the malicious behaviour of the executive with the judiciary is not right.
it is an indication of the centre's opinionated and arbitrary character, she said in a statement.
it is unfortunate as it is the judiciary alone which is a ray of hope for the people of the country and the opposition, as bjp governments at the centre and (in the) states are working against the pious intention of the constitution, mayawati said.
she said this after law minister ravishankarprasad prasad stated on monday that the executive was not committing a cardinal sin by seeking reconsideration of some proposals made by the top court collegium on judges appointment.
mayawati said if the bjp ministers were unable to respect the judiciary, they should at least refrain from insulting it.
new delhi, oct.
20 (pti): solicitor general ranjit kumar, the country's second highest law officer, has resigned, citing personal reasons.
the office of law minister ravishankarprasad prasad received his resignation letter on friday.
kumar confirmed to pti that he had resigned.
sources close to him said it was for personal reasons.
he was appointed solicitor general in june 2014 after the narendra modi government came to power.
his second term as solicitor general was renewed recently.
there was speculation a few months ago that the supreme court collegium was considering his name as a judge of the apex court.
recently, mukul rohatgi had written to the government that he was not interested in a second term as attorney general.
senior lawyer k.k. venugopal was appointed as new attorney general.
our special correspondentsource: shutterstocknew delhi: the congress on wednesday firmly denied having hired the services of cambridge analytica, rejecting the bjp's allegations as a bundle of lies to divert attention from real concerns such as the bank fraud, the death of indians in iraq and the perceived dilution of the sc-st act.
congress communications chief randeep surjewala said: the bjp churns out fake news and fake agenda on a daily basis.
neither the congress nor rahul gandhi ever hired the services of cambridge analytica.
this is a white lie.
in fact, ca and its indian partner obi (ovleno business intelligence) have been repeatedly hired by the bjp and the jdu.
surjewala added: the bjp and its ally jdu used the services of cambridge analytica in 2010.
its website mentions under the research and communication campaign that it worked on in-depth electorate analysis for bihar in 2010.
its indian partner obi, headed by the son of a former mp of its ally, was used by (union home minister) rajnath singh in 2009 and by the bjp for assembly elections in haryana, maharashtra, jharkhand and delhi.
claiming that he took a snapshot of the cambridge analytica website (ca-political.com), the british company that courted controversy after being accused of spying during the us presidential elections, surjewala said: if this is such a sinister firm, why was the bjp using it?
is the lawless minister of india, ravishankarprasad prasad, exposing the bjp?
the obi, whose website is now not operational, says it is also managing the bjp's mission 272+ (for 2019) and had provided constituency-wise database to bjp candidates in state elections.
recalling prime minister narendra modi's visit to the facebook headquarters and his showering of praise on ceo mark zuckerberg, the congress leader said: the law minister today threatened facebook.
we know how the indian media is being oppressed and now even facebook is threatened.
referring to law minister prasad, surjewala said a little knowledge is a dangerous thing.
prasad made false allegations.
he will now have to speak a hundred more lies to hide his one lie.
we have not forgotten how aadhaar data leaked under him as it minister.
now he is law minister and for the first time in india, four supreme court judges had to come to the people's court to seek justice.
it is also under his leadership that two judges appointed by the supreme court collegium has not been cleared.
our special correspondenta petrol pump in mumbai.
(pti)new delhi: the narendra modi government plans to work out a long-term solution to the problem of frequent revisions in petrol and diesel prices because of rising global crude prices but appears to have baulked at the idea of cutting excise duties to cool fuel prices.
(the) issue of frequent hike in fuel price is a matter of debate and concern.
the government is involved in this whole process, including the concern (about rise in prices) and also the uncertainty, law and information technology minister ravishankarprasad prasad told reporters after wednesday's cabinet meeting.
petrol prices bubbled to an unprecedented rs 84.
99 in mumbai and rs 80.
11 in chennai after oil marketing companies held off on daily price revisions during the karnataka elections.
the minister refused to say if the government had a short-term plan to lower fuel prices amid growing criticism of the government's inability to address an issue that could ignite inflation and shred homemakers' budgets.
an excise duty cut can upset the government's fiscal math.
a re 1 cut in central excise duty on fuel could reduce central revenues by rs 13,000 crore.
higher crude prices could also weaken the rupee further because of high dollar demand as the import bill goes up.
the rupee is now hovering just above rs 68 to the us dollar.
prasad admitted that a new sense of urgency has developed amid uncertainty over the direction of international oil prices.
the petroleum ministry has been lobbying hard for a cut in excise duty, which has risen to rs 19.
48 per litre on petrol and rs 15.
33 on diesel from levels of rs 9.
20 and rs 3.
46 per litre respectively when the modi government assumed office in may 2014.
that works out to an increase of 111 per cent in the case of petrol and a whopping 343 per cent in the case of diesel.
the government seems to be veering round to the view that instead of cutting excise duty on petrol and diesel and hurting its revenue collections, it might be better for state-owned oil marketing companies like indian oil corporation and hindustan petroleum corporation and bharat petroleum corporation to cut prices and take a hit on their balancesheets.
the argument is predicated on the belief that these companies have been riding profits as the benchmark brent crude prices soared from a low of around $30 per barrel in january 2016 to $78.
53 now.
the oil marketing companies are already chafing at such a prospect.
on wednesday, hpcl chairman and managing director mukesh surana lobbed the ball towards the government.
he said: there is a need to review the taxation on fuel.
oil marketing companies, which are volume driven, operate on thin margins and as such cannot do much when the international cost of oil rises.
officials say that the government may consider compensating the oil companies later but not spelling out how.
in the past, the companies were granted long-term bonds to offset their under-recoveries because of having to sell the fuels below cost.
the government is keen that instead of adopting ad hoc measures, it may be desirable to have a long-term view which addresses not only the volatility but also takes care of the unnecessary ambiguity arising out of frequent ups and downs.
that process is underway, prasad said.
patna, aug.
30: senior bjp leader sushil kumar modi today accused the state government of taking the flood relief work lightly.
modi said when the nda government was in power, the state government had carried out the relief work in a much better way by deputing special district magistrates and in-charge ministers to oversee the relief work.
but this time, nothing has been done, he said.
the former deputy chief minister on the sidelines of his weekly janata durbar said: the state government is handling the flood situation very poorly.
the victims are not getting the relief material and on the other hand chief minister nitish kumar is on flood tourism.
the attack from the bjp camp came at a time when jdu spokesperson sanjay singh spoke on banning the entry of union ministers from bihar in the state.
singh on tuesday said: the seven union ministers from bihar have no concern for the flood victims in the state.
the union ministers visit the flood-affected areas in bihar to have meals with the affected people, take selfies and get clicked by photojournalists.
reacting to singh's statement, state bjp spokesperson and former mla, sanjay singh tiger, said bihar is not the fiefdom of any individual.
the union ministers visiting bihar have their influence in their constituency and they have won the elections with a huge margin, said tiger.
the war of words between the bjp and the jdu leadership escalated after the visit of union ministers, including ravishankarprasad prasad and ram vilas paswan, to flood-prone districts of bihar.
prasad who was in bihar two days back visited several flood-affected areas in patna and vaishali districts and found that though food was served to them at the relief camps, those stuck in villages were not getting grains and were forced to live on flattened rice and jaggery.
the union law and information technology minister after visiting several villages in punadih panchayats of patna sadar stated there was no fodder to feed cattle in animal camps and in villages.
he said the centre will provide all kinds of help to bihar to deal with the flood situation asking the state government to submit a memorandum at the earliest on the damages caused by the flood in the state.
apart from prasad, union minister of food and public distribution ram vilas paswan also visited the flood-affected areas in vaishali and blamed the state government for the poor supply of relief materials to the victims.
according to the minister, 22 teams of national disaster response force (ndrf) comprising 1,000 personnel, including 767 rescuers, were working with 71 boats and the personnel have rescued more than 27,000 people.
new delhi, may 11: the supreme court's arrest order against justice c.s. karnan of calcutta high court has galvanised a movement, bringing together scholars and lawyers from the dalit community in support of the beleaguered judge.
various students' groups within and outside india have started a campaign in favour of justice karnan through social media posts, articles and discussion forums.
the calcutta judge has been awarded a six-month sentence for contempt over his failure to explain his serial allegations of corruption against various madras high court judges and an apex court judge last year.
following the sentencing on tuesday, a team from new town police station had turned up at the housing estate where justice karnan lives but he had by then left to catch a flight to chennai.
supreme court lawyer nitin meshram said that justice karnan had complained to the prime minister's office about widespread corruption in the judicial system and named certain judges.
the prime minister has the powers to institute an inquiry.
that has so far not been done.
therefore, the question of contempt does not arise, he said.
meshram argued that calcutta high court was not a subordinate court of the supreme court, and that both were independent courts.
he said the judges of both courts were appointed by the president and could be removed only after parliament passed an impeachment motion after an inquiry.
now, by implication, the supreme court has taken that power of parliament away.
the wider protection enjoyed by a high court judge has been defeated.
this will affect the powers and the independence of the judiciary, he said.
gurinder azad, a dalit researcher, said the actions against karnan had revived the issue of the low representation of dalit judges in the high courts and the apex court.
none of the apex court's 31 judges is a dalit, while the 19 high courts and their 10 benches have around 20 dalit judges.
law minister ravishankarprasad prasad recently told parliament that the government had written to the chief justice of india to take voluntary measures to increase the representation of judges from all sections.
there are now no caste reservations in higher judicial appointments.
keshav kumar, a philosophy professor at delhi university, said delayed judgments were lowering the public's respect for the judiciary.
whether it is the khairlanji (maharashtra) massacre of dalits in 2006 or the tsundur (andhra pradesh) massacre of dalits in 1991, justice is still awaited, kumar said.
the birsa phule ambedkar students association at jnu held a public meeting in solidarity with justice karnan yesterday.
veli veda, an online platform run by dalit scholars in britain, published an article backing the judge.
meshram cited how britain had appointed more african-origin judges after a prod from a parliamentary committee in 2012.
j.p. yadavnew delhi: the concern over the silence of the prime minister on the dilution of the scheduled castes and scheduled tribes (prevention of atrocities) act has spread beyond dalit mps in the nda.
junior human resource development minister and bjp ally upendra kushwaha on tuesday wrote to prime minister narendra modi that the government should immediately move the supreme court against the order that prevents immediate arrest over complaints of atrocities.
kushwaha becomes the first minister from backward classes to make the demand.
so far, dalit mps have been voicing the demand.
the letter is being seen as a sign of the concern of a section of allies that the prime minister's silence might reinforce a perception that the upper castes have prevailed over the government to wait and watch.
in his two-page letter, kushwaha told the prime minister: the rashtriya lok samata party seeks your immediate intervention.
we urge the government to immediately file a review petition before the supreme court.
the minister urged modi to call an all-party meeting to even find a political solution to the issue.
it is expected that through your able leadership, you will provide justice to the scs/sts by your immediate intervention, he said.
kushwaha later told the telegraph: i have written the letter because i feel concerned.
the court's ruling will leave the weaker sections unprotected and pm narendra modi should intervene to ensure justice.
kushwaha said he decided to write the letter to the prime minister out of his own commitment to the weaker sections and said that dalit mps had not approached him.
the government has to step in to protect the rights of the backwards, dalits and the tribals, he said.
kushwaha's voice stands out since he is the first obc minister in the modi government to demand the government should move the top court seeking a review of the judgment diluting the scs/sts atrocities act.
it comes against the backdrop of a larger effort by the opposition to bring the obc and dalits under one umbrella to fight the bjp, as is being evident in the coming together of the sp and bsp in uttar pradesh.
so far, only dalit ministers and mps of the ruling nda alliance had made the demand.
ministers like ram vilas paswan, ramdas athawale, both allies of the bjp, have asked the government to file a review petition before the court.
by sending the letter, kushwaha, too wants to signal the bjp that he cannot be taken for granted.
the government and the leadership of the bjp so far have remained non-committal over approaching the top court seeking a review of its judgment.
law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said the government will study the judgment and then come with a structured response.
the supreme court last tuesday ruled that competent authorities would have to give their sanctions after a probe before public servants and other citizens can be arrested under the sc/st (prevention of atrocities) act.
the ruling unsettled many sc/st mps cutting across party lines and most of them asked the government to move the court seeking a review of its judgment.
the government's silence has disappointed not only alliance members but dalit mps of the bjp, who feel the supreme court's ruling removes the protection provided by the constitution.
they have urged the bjp leadership to push the government to file a review petition.
the lok janshakti party, led by paswan, has filed a review petition before the supreme court on monday but dalit leaders of the ruling alliance want the government to do so to underline its commitment to the dalits.
our special correspondentnew delhi: the congress has asked for a review of the supreme court order diluting the scheduled caste/scheduled tribe (prevention of atrocities) act, contending that the very purpose of the progressive legislation would be defeated otherwise.
asking the government to come out unambiguously to get the curbs on the sc-st act removed, the congress said the security ring, both legal and social, created by the law to protect the most vulnerable sections of the society would be damaged by this order.
it said no message should go out against the belief that the indian constitution won't tolerate any caste-based discrimination.
at a media conference, congress leaders ahmed patel, anand sharma, jyotiraditya scindia, kumari selja and randeep singh surjewala questioned the government's silence on the verdict at a time atrocities on the scs and sts have shot up in the past two to three years.
they said tuesday's order was passed because of the government's deficient intervention and it would create an atmosphere of fear among dalits and tribals.
demanding an immediate review petition in the court or an amendment in the law enacted in 1989 to protect the interests of the socially and economically weaker sections, congress communications chief randeep surjewala said: the court ruling came as a result of the government's default as the bjp government in maharashtra being the direct respondent did not argue and the attorney-general did not appear despite the court wanting his view on behalf of the centre since it is a central law.
not even the solicitor-general but an additional solicitor-general was sent who made weak submissions to let the court crack the whip.
law minister ravishankarprasad prasad dismissed the congress charge, saying it is in the habit of making false, baseless and irresponsible allegations.
on the supreme court judgment, he said he would react after examining it.
congress leaders quoted the government's national crime bureau report on atrocities on dalits.
the 2016-17 data shows 40,881 cases of atrocities on dalits were registered and that crimes against scheduled castes had increased by 5.
5 per cent and against scheduled tribes by 4.
7 per cent during the modi regime.
it said 75 per cent of those accused of atrocities on dalits went scot-free without any punishment.
the best and worst patnas political circles are agog discussing the best and worst among union ministers who visited bihar in the name of assessing the flood situation in the state.
the worst tag goes to union ministers ravishankarprasad prasad and rajiv pratap rudy, who came, got themselves photographed with flood victims and caught the next flight back to delhi, said a congress mla.
among the best, union minister ram kripal yadav appears to have gained the admiration of legislators cutting across party lines, especially from rjd mlas.
ram kripal is always a man of the masses, said a senior rjd mla.
he stayed in his constituency and reached out to the flood victims and tried to help them as much as possible.
the best part is he didnt play the blame game.
it is no wonder that the state government chickened out soon after he threatened to sit on a dharna for not releasing water to the canals in drought-hit areas.
the rjd legislators do realise that ram kripals good work this will only hurt the dream of their leader lalu prasad, who wants to avenge the defeat of his daughter misa bharti from patliputra lok sabha seat in the last parliamentary polls at the hands of ram kripal.
data & aata lalu prasad's recent data is cheaper than aata (wheat) quip in connection with prime minister narendra modi's photograph appearing on a reliance jio advertisement has set tongues wagging that the rjd chief  who has been uncharacteristically subdued lately  is getting back to old form.
more than a decade ago he mocked information technology by saying ye it-yt kya hai, but as soon as he got his first daughter misa bharti married to an it expert he said, it-yt kuch kuch hota hai.
today lalu is on facebook and twitter.
he resists any new development and later gives up, said an rjd leader, hastening to add that lalu's remark was more against modi than technical innovations.
lone ranger bulo rjd mp bulo mandal does not seem to have support within his party for his tejashwi-as-cm campaign.
even rjd chief lalu prasad refused to comment on it.
laluji may be wanting bulo mandal's campaign to succeed, but right now it will be politically incorrect to upset the alliance with nitish kumar at this age.
most rjd mlas are worried over the possibility of facing the next elections without the alliance.
what is interesting is the mlas are more comfortable with nitish kumar as cm than tejashwi yadav, said an rjd mla during a private conversation.
elusive as ever health minister tej pratap is proving to be as elusive as ever when it comes to attending functions as chief guest.
on sunday, he did not turn up at a function organised by the bihar chapter of indian dental association.
as the organisersannounced that the minister would be coming, a reporter managed to speak to one of his associates.
he found out that tej pratap was sleeping and would not attend the function.
he does not even come to events where the chief minister is present, said a doctor who did not want to be identified.
his failure to attend functions is becoming a rule rather an exception.
our bureauopen season: a woman makes a thumbs-down sign in front of facebooks corporate headquarters in menlo park, california, that sports the vanity address, 1 hacker way.
facebook chief executive mark zuckerbergs apology for mishandling user data and some limited proposals for change drew mixed responses.
shares in the company, whose stock has shed around $50 billion in value since monday, fell as much as 2.
5 per cent in early trading on thursday on wall street.
(afp picture)new delhi: mr mark zuckerberg is going to keep the it minister of india busy.
the facebook founder has included the next indian elections in his priority list, something that should make ravishankarprasad prasad sit up and ensure that zuckerberg sticks to the straight and the narrow.
i think russia and other governments are going to get more sophisticated in what they do, too.
so we need to make sure that we up our game.
this is a massive focus for us to make sure we're dialled in for not only the 2018 elections in the us, but the indian elections, the brazilian elections, and a number of other elections that are going on this year that are really important, zuckerberg told the new york times in an interview on wednesday.
the interview was part of a series of mea-culpa appearances during which zuckerberg said sorry for the data misuse controversy in the us but some felt it fell short of a full-throated apology.
zuckerberg, 33, was trying to quell the crisis ignited by allegations that the london-based political consultancy, cambridge analytica, improperly accessed user information to build profiles on american voters that were later used to help elect donald trump in 2016.
this was a major breach of trust.
i'm really sorry this happened.
we have a basic responsibility to protect people's data, zuckerberg told cnn.
a few hours earlier, on wednesday afternoon in new delhi, information technology minister prasad had singled out zuckerberg, asked him to better note the observation of the it minister of india and threatened to summon the facebook chief executive if indian data were stolen through fb systems.
it was not clear whether zuckerberg was aware of the dire warning from new delhi.
but with zuckerberg declaring that he would dial in for the indian elections, prasad will have little time to sleep, for eternal vigilance is the price of the it ministry in the age of facebook.
the critically-endangered indri is set to die out.
its evolutionary distinction is so great that once it goes extinct, 19 million years of unique evolutionary history will be lost richard / flickrsir  it was shocking to read the findings of a recent study which says that so many animal species will go extinct in the next 50 years that the planet will need at least three million years to recover.
for example, the critically-endangered indri is set to die out.
its evolutionary distinction is so great that once it goes extinct, 19 million years of unique evolutionary history will be lost.
even asian elephants have little chance of surviving till the next century.
human beings have only themselves to blame for this destruction.
conservationists, civil society and governments around the world must act now if the damage is to be contained.
priyanka sen,calcuttalost richnesssir  with the death of annapurna devi, the last pillar of the maihar gharana has fallen (genius and enigma of annapurna, oct 14).
annapurna devi was born roshanara khan in 1927.
she was given the name, annapurna, by brijnath singh, the former maharaja of the erstwhile maihar estate, where her father was a royal court musician.
she was the younger sister of ustad ali akbar khan, and married the sitar maestro, pandit ravishankarprasad , in 1941.
after they separated in the 1960s, annapurna devi lived like a recluse and avoided public appearances.
she would practise music in solitude.
she devoted her life to carrying on the musical legacy of her father, the noted instrumentalist and composer, baba allauddin khan, and passed on her knowledge to the likes of nikhil banerjee, hariprasad chaurasia and nityanand haldipur.
besides being a vocalist, she was also an exponent of the surbahar and the sitar.
barring her disciples, no outsider had seen her play in almost 50 years except george harrison, who, in the 1970s, had the rare opportunity of sitting through her daily riyaaz, that too after a special request from the then prime minister, indira gandhi.
annapurna devi did not look for rewards or public acclaim.
she was, however, conferred with the padma bhushan in 1977, the sangeet natak akademi award in 1991 and the honorary desikottam from visva-bharati in 1999  all in absentia.
she never formally recorded her performances or albums.
in the paucity of records of annapurna devi capturing the musical intricacies and nuances of the maihar gharana, music lovers have been deprived of a significant part of the richness of hindustani classical music.
tapash chatterjee,calcuttasir  with annapurna devis death, the world has lost another classical music maestro.
she was the famously reclusive icon of hindustani classical music.
in the recent past, we have lost many musical legends, such as bhimsen joshi, gangubai hangal, c. ashwath and kishori amonkar.
annapurna devis rich musical contribution will be remembered for a long time to come.
her death has created a huge void in the world of indian classical music.
ramesh g. jethwani,bangaloresir  the news of annapurna devis death was deeply saddening.
a disciple of her father, allauddin khan, annapurna devi was an exponent of the bass sitar known as the surbahar.
her proficiency in the ragas, manj khamaj and kaushiki, was well known.
she was a music teacher and a spiritual guide to numerous students.
khokan das,calcuttasir  annapurna devi could play the sitar, the flute, the surbahar and the sarod with equal mastery.
even though she withdrew from the public eye after her separation from pandit ravishankarprasad , a number of her students became renowned exponents in their own right.
most important, annapurna devis music was strongly informed by devotion.
it is a shame that recordings of her music are hard to come by.
sara khan,calcuttamany durga puja pandals this year gave out the wrong message about tobacco products telegraph archive picturewrong messagesir  on account of the world health organizations publicity campaigns and untiring efforts by activists and non-governmental organizations, the harmful effects of gutkha and other tobacco products are now well known to the public.
several state governments have also imposed certain restrictions on the sale and consumption of such products.
it was, however, disturbing to see many durga puja pandals in calcutta displaying large billboards advertising gutkha and other tobacco products of various brands.
it is clear that these companies paid a handsome fee to the organizers to have their products advertised so prominently.
since the pandals are visited by lakhs of people from all age groups, the tobacco companies are willing to spend a large amount of money to have their banners put up.
it is unfortunate that for the sake of earning extra money, the organizers are willing to promote products that can seriously harm the health of citizens.
a dangerous message is being sent out to the younger generations.
the government, ngos and civil society must come forward to protest against such publicity for tobacco and gutkha.
it is, in fact, the moral responsibility of the administration to ban the promotion of such products which have been proven to have caused numerous deaths each year.
for union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad it was a trip down memory lane on tuesday.
he paid a visit to patna high court where he practised as a lawyer for a long time.
it was a nostalgic moment for prasad as he went to his seat in barrister association hall and sat on an old chair, which he used to occupy as a lawyer.
he mingled with fellow lawyers and exchanged notes from the past, reported pti on tuesday.
its a pleasure visiting my old work place and meeting fellow lawyers with whom i worked for a long time, the lawyer-turned politician told reporters.
he added: the lawyer friends have been very kind towards me by offering snacks and coffee, he said.
prasad, who is union law and information technology minister in the narendra modi cabinet, said he has many sweet memories of the patna high court.
setting aside the paraphernalia of ministerial security, prasad laughed and hugged many old colleagues who talked heart-to-heart with him.
he went around the building and shook hands with lawyers, sharing old bonds and interacted with them for nearly two hours.
a resident of patna, prasad is at present a rajya sabha member from his home state.
his father, late thakur prasad, was an eminent lawyer of bihar.
he was a staunch supporter of rss and also served as a minister in the 1977 bihar government of karpoori thakur.
ramgopal yadav of the samajwadi party, vijay goel of the bjp and anand sharma of the congress outside parliament on monday.
picture by prem singhthe government on monday refused to refer the instant triple talaq bill to a house select committee although nearly every party, including some that have bailed the bjp out in the rajya sabha earlier, unanimously called for parliamentary scrutiny of the draft legislation.
in the absence of an agreement, the bill  passed by the lok sabha last week  could not be introduced in the rajya sabha as the opposition in one voice demanded that its two notices for referring it to a select committee be taken up.
deputy chairperson harivansh wrapped up proceedings for the day after an adjournment to facilitate a behind-the-scenes consultation between floor leaders failed to break the deadlock.
opposition parties account for 116 mps in the house of 244, while the bjps assured numbers is just a little over 100.
the opposition, determined to keep up the pressure for a select committee reference, got into a huddle immediately after the house was adjourned to draft a fresh notice and submitted it to the rajya sabha secretariat so that it could be raised on wednesday.
the house is scheduled to meet again after a new years day break on tuesday.
the aiadmk and the bjd  which have usually adopted a neutral position in crunch situations  are with the opposition on this issue.
the aiadmk had also signed on one of the two notices submitted by the opposition for referring the bill to a select committee on monday.
in the brief moments that the house functioned through the din raised by aiadmk mps over a river-water dispute with karnataka, opposition mps pointed out that they were not opposed to the bill but felt that it required parliamentary scrutiny.
this is an important bill which can impact crores of lives both positively and negatively, and should be scrutinised by a parliamentary panel as has been the practice since 1993, leader of the opposition in the house ghulam nabi azad said.
junior parliamentary affairs minister vijay goel accused the opposition of playing politics and using the select committee reference as a ploy to delay the bills passage.
this is a delaying tactic, he said, adding that the message should go out that the opposition was indulging in politics over the bill.
that triggered a huge roar of disapproval from practically every quarter of the house except the bjp benches, forcing the chair to call for a brief adjournment.
when the house met again after a meeting of leaders, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said the government was open to suggestions from the opposition.
the bill, he added, should not be kept hanging.
with no meeting ground, the chair adjourned the house for the day.
later, trinamul congress leader derek obrien told the media the bjp stood practically isolated on the issue with just two-and-a-half allies supporting it.
i say two-and-a-half because even the jd(u) has reservations, he said.
obrien said the chair should have allowed every party leader to state their case in the rajya sabha to gather a sense of the house.
salil shankardarbhanga: when you step on the bustling platform at darbhanga railway station, you will probably not spot them.
yet, day in and day out, the railway children india looks out for lost, working and runaway children in distress.
in the past two years, they rescued 1,401 children, a monthly average of 52 children.
it tries to ensure that each child living or passing through the railway stations that its works at, will be offered a comprehensive recovery and reintegration programme.
a total of 1,12,000 kids who arrive in 35 major railway stations in a year, i.
e.
every 5 minutes, a child arrives at a station alone.
children arriving and living at railway stations are at risk and are subjected to multiple forms of discrimination and violence by abusers, said ravishankarprasad , field officer, darbhanga, railway children india.
the railway children india, with its local non-government organisation partner narayani seva sansthan, works with east central railway at darbhanga station to help kids in distress.
there are 10 workers who ensure day-night outreach at darbhanga station at a child help booth on platform no.
1, said shanker.
child rescuers of darbhanga can be reached at mobile number 7004300336.
shanker said the children are produced before the child welfare committee for reunion with their families.
we assess the basic reason of children leaving home and post-reunion counselling is done to eliminate future vulnerabilityamong 1401 children safeguarded in darbhanga, 57 were girls and are now reported to be living happily within their families.
among the 1,344 boys, 118 were reported missing.
as many as 1,226 boys were on way to become child labourers.
our legal correspondentravi shankar prasad.
file picturenew delhi: law minister ravishankarprasad prasad on tuesday called for a national debate on simultaneous parliamentary and state elections, saying frequent polls not only meant repeated heavy expenditure but also affected welfare schemes because of the model code curbs that come into force.
can your journal provoke a debate in the country, purely a constitutional issue, should we have simultaneous elections in the entire country, prasad said, speaking at the launch of the  scba times, a journal of the supreme court bar association.
the suggestion, from the lawns of the top court, came days after a similar call from prime minister narendra modi for simultaneous lok sabha and assembly elections - a pet issue for the nda government after its aggressive pitch for linking aadhaar cards with various services and government schemes.
prasad, who was the guest of honour at tuesday's event, said the country must debate whether parallel polls could be a way forward.
i don't wish to make any political comment, but just now we had two state elections, gujarat and himachal pradesh.
in one-and-a-half months we are going to have elections in tripura and also meghalaya.
thereafter we are going to have elections in karnataka, he said.
after two months, thereafter, we are going to have elections in chhattisgarh, rajasthan and madhya pradesh.
and three months thereafter we are going to have elections for the country to the lok sabha.
now every year, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine (elections somewhere or the other).
.
.
and i am not talking about municipal elections.
every election entails a heavy expenditure; once the model code of conduct comes into force, then there is a problem of not taking any action.
so much security personnel are involved in ensuring free and fair elections.
we can consider having a debate in the country as to what is the way forward, the minister told a gathering that included chief justice of india dipak misra and some other judges of the top court, besides prominent advocates.
justice misra, who launched the journal's maiden issue, said books would remain relevant as long as civilisation lasts.
scba president vikas singh said the journal would act as an interface between the bar and the judiciary.
new delhi, sept.
13: indias top judge today said the judiciarys independence was non-negotiable and no effort will succeed in taking (it) away.
chief justice of india r.m. lodha went on to praise britains five-year-old national judicial appointments commission, headed by a layperson, which he said was deemed to have achieved transparency in judges appointments.
justice lodha did not mention the proposed commission of the same name that indias government wants to set up for the same purpose, replacing the judges-only collegium (panel) that now appoints supreme court and high court judges.
the two bills parliament has passed to pave the way for the commission had prompted members of the legal fraternity to move four petitions arguing the bills undermined judicial independence and were, therefore, unconstitutional.
lawyers who heard justice lodha today said his praise for the british panel could be interpreted to mean he was not against a similar panel in india if transparency could be ensured and judicial independence guaranteed.
to me, what is dear is the independence of the judiciary.
it is one thing which is non-negotiable, i have been repeatedly (saying), justice lodha said while inaugurating the rule of law convention, 2014, organised by the bar association of india, one of the countrys largest private associations of senior lawyers.
i can tell you, having been a judge of the high court, chief justice of the high court (of bombay) and now the chief justice of india that the judiciary has (an) inherent strength and no effort will succeed in taking away the independence of the judiciary.
later in the day, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said the independence of the judiciary was sacred and sacrosanct for the government.
on august 11, justice lodha had slammed the canard being spread against the current collegium system, speaking just hours before the centre moved the two bills.
there is a campaign and canard going on in the media that the collegium system has failed.
you are defaming the judiciary and showing disrespect, he had said.
dont shake the confidence of the people in the judiciary by saying the collegium system has failed.
today, he linked judicial independence to the rule of law and the peoples confidence in the courts.
by and large, the people understand that the judiciary is something of an institution whose independence cannot be touched and im sure, more than confident, that the independence of the judiciary will be maintained by everyone, and everyone to whom the judiciary is dear, at any cost, he said.
once the independence of the judiciary is maintained, i am sure you will have a strong rule of law because it is the independence of judiciary that leads to confidence in the minds of people that there is a judiciary that will come to their aid and rescue if there is wrong (done) to them by the executive or anybody.
justice lodha said the 15-member british commissions most significant aspect was that it had to be necessarily headed by a layperson who had no legal expertise, although most of the other members were judicial experts.
indias proposed commission will be headed by the chief justice and have the two other senior-most apex court judges, the union law minister and two eminent citizens as members.
justice lodha said the british commissions members had told him that initially, they found it difficult to get applications from leading lawyers as they were not mentally prepared even to think that they had to apply for judges posts.
but things change; now the mindset has changed, they do make applications .
still, many leading advocates do not apply.
justice lodha said he had asked the british commissions members a pointed question  whether the change in the system had changed the quality of appointments.
the answer was in the negative but they emphasised that the major goal achieved was that of transparency.
there is no change in quality but it has brought about transparency, he said.
the indian commission can come into being only after the bills obtain presidential assent  after at least half the states ratify them.
on august 25, the supreme court dismissed the four petitions against the bills but said the petitioners were free to approach the court again after the bills received the presidents nod.
new delhi, march 22: opposition members today accused the media and the narendra modi government of being hand in glove in distorting the election process, putting both in the dock in the rajya sabha where the ruling nda is in a minority.
while the media came under the scanner for its unquestioning carpet coverage of the bjp, the government was questioned on its failure to fund adequate vvpat machines for a paper trail along with evms, as the supreme court had directed in 2013.
the discussion on electoral reforms could not be concluded, so law minister ravishankarprasad prasad is scheduled to reply tomorrow.
in its order, the court had said we are satisfied that the 'paper trail' is an indispensable requirement for free and fair elections.
today, the opposition said the government's refusal to fund the vote-verified paper audit trail machines made its intent suspect, but made it clear no aspersions were being cast on the election commission (ec).
successive speakers from opposition parties reminded the government that the court order had come on a complaint filed by none other than the bjp's nominated member, subramanian swamy.
before that, leader of opposition ghulam nabi azad said, doubts had been raised about evms by a bjp spokesman, g.v.l. narasimha rao, in a 2010 book that had a foreword written by party veteran l.k. advani.
azad pointed out that after the initial funding for a set of vvpat machines before the 2014 lok sabha elections, no money had been provided to the poll panel for acquiring more.
the ec has sent 10 reminders to the law ministry and when these repeated reminders fell on deaf ears, the chief election commissioner wrote to the prime minister directly a couple of months ago, he said.
the issue of simultaneous polls, from rural bodies to parliament, a pet project of the government, also came up.
samajwadi mp ram gopal yadav said this was not practical in a multi-party system and wanted to know whether the bjp would dissolve the uttar pradesh assembly before the 2019 lok sabha elections for simultaneous polls.
cpm leader sitaram yechury said simultaneous elections was nothing but a surreptitious effort to bring in a presidential form of government through the backdoor on the pretext that such a move would cut costs.
are you prepared to remove article 356 from the constitution?
he asked.
tell me.
if you can't, then you can't have simultaneous polls.
there was not even a murmur from the treasury benches.
another common thread pertained to the media.
we were not only contesting our political opponents, we were also fighting the media, bsp member satish mishra said.
jdu leader sharad yadav said there was an undeclared emergency on the media.
all those who spoke against the media demanded a ban on cross-media holdings and said media houses should not have a finger in any other business.
new delhi, july 7: new law minister ravishankarprasad prasad yesterday said a countrywide uniform civil code needed comprehensive consultations and the government would hold talks with all stakeholders before pressing ahead with any move to make it into a law.
the minister also sent out a clear hint that the nda government had no intention of getting into confrontations with the judiciary.
a uniform civil code, which article 44 of the constitution also envisages, seeks to introduce a uniform set of marriage, divorce and inheritance laws.
personal laws now govern different communities in the country.
one such practice - triple talaq that allows muslim men to divorce their wives by repeating the word thrice - is under the lens of the supreme court, which has sought the government's views on adopting a uniform code across the country.
prasad, who formally took over as law minister yesterday after tuesday's cabinet rejig, however, said the union government's move to refer the issue to the law commission shouldn't be seen through any political prism.
i request you not to link it with politics.
please do not link it with polls, he told reporters, asked whether the move was in any way connected with next year's assembly elections in uttar pradesh.
as of now the matter is before the law commission and article 44 of the constitution talks about a uniform civil code.
the hon'ble supreme court has commented on it from time to time.
the court has made observations on the issue.
it (a common code) requires a comprehensive consultation with all stakeholders, the minister added.
prasad, who is credited with drafting the now-quashed national judicial appointments commission (njac) act, said the government valued the sanctity of the judiciary and had no intention of getting into conflicts with courts.
last year, a five-judge constitution bench had struck down the njac act, which had sought to replace the collegium system of judges appointing judges.
prasad, who was earlier a senior advocate in the supreme court, said the government looked forward to working with the judiciary on the memorandum of procedure (mop), which lays down the rules for appointment of judges.
i don't contemplate any confrontation with the judiciary on the issue of the mop.
we look forward to working with the judiciary in a harmonious manner.
but he said the government wanted a transparent process of appointments to the supreme court and high courts as the country's development was linked to the justice delivery system.
there has to be a fair, transparent appointment of judges with capability, competence and people with integrity.
quick justice delivery system is central to good governance.
to another question he said: we respect the institution of the judiciary and independence of the judiciary is important for the country and is also the mandate of the constitution.
men of competence and integrity should be appointed as judges.
the minister said the government was keen on granting citizenship to persecuted hindus migrating from bangladesh but only after consultations among the ministries of law, home and external affairs.
this is prasad's third stint as the country's law minister.
prasad, who replaced d.v. sadananda gowda in tuesday's shuffle, was the law minister in the atal bihari vajpayee government and also had a short stint in 2014, when the narendra modi government swept to power.
rss general secretary bhaiyyaji joshi addresses the press conference during the concluding day of rss akhil bharatiya pratinidhi sabha at dr. hedgewar smarak premises in nagpur on sunday.
pti picturenagpur: the rss said on sunday that building a consensus on the ayodhya dispute was not going to be easy but stressed that a ram temple - and nothing else - would be constructed in the uttar pradesh town.
rss general secretary bhaiyyaji joshi also stressed that the matter was sub judice.
it is certain that the ram temple will be constructed at that place and nothing else can be built there, this is also decided, joshi told reporters here on the sidelines of the rss's akhil bharatiya pratinidhi sabha meeting.
confident of a favourable judgment from the supreme court on the matter, joshi said the construction of the temple would begin after the court's order and it would be built on the basis of its verdict on the ownership of land.
replying to a question on spiritual guru sri sri ravishankar's efforts at developing consensus between the different parties on the issue, joshi said consensus building was not going to be easy.
we have always maintained that the temple should be constructed with mutual agreement but our experience tells us that building a consensus on this issue is not easy, joshi said.
although the rss leader said he welcomed ravi shankar's efforts at negotiations, he pointed out that there were different groups in society with varied outlooks and to build a consensus among them would be difficult.
the next hearing in the ayodhya dispute, to determine ownership of the 2.
77-acre babri masjid-ram janmabhoomi disputed land, will be held in the supreme court on march 14.
a three-judge bench of chief justice of india dipak misra and justices ashok bhushan and s.a. najeeb is hearing the case.
asked about the demand for a minority religion status for the lingayat community in karnataka, joshi said: we do not support that.
mumbai on edge: the long march of over 35,000 farmers from across maharashtra arrived in mumbai on sunday.
braving scorching heat, they covered around 180km on foot in six days.
the protesters have halted at the somaiya ground in suburban chunabhatti for the night.
on monday, they will set out for the vidhan bhavan in south mumbai, where the budget session is under way.
the government has reached out to the farmers, promising to meet their demands, but the farmers leaders said they would press ahead with their protest at the vidhan bhavan.
led by the left-affiliated all india kisan sabha, the farmers are demanding proper implementation of the governments loan-waiver scheme, fair price for farm produce and compensation for hailstorm-affected farmers.
the government is worried also because class x examinations are scheduled on monday.
the state government has advised students to reach secondary school certificate (ssc) exam centres in mumbai well beforehand to avoid delays.
(pti) 1farmers' problemsthe problems of farmers should be understood sensitively and practical solutions found for them, the rss said.
joshi said there was a need to change the agrarian policy and the government has to ensure that farmers get proper prices for their produce.
however, he noted that there were a few obstacles in doing so.
no government can be insensitive on the questions related to farmers and it has to be sensitive towards farmers and find ways to address their problems.
it is their job to think and find a solution, joshi told reporters in response to a question.
thousands of farmers from various districts of maharashtra are marching towards mumbai to protest outside the assembly.
joshi said the farmers also needed to change their mindset and while farming, they must keep government policies in mind.
replying to a question on the banking scams and the overall economic scenario, joshi said the financial irregularities indicated that there were loopholes in the system.
such incidents are a big challenge and they pose danger to the country, he said, adding that the government and the financial institutions of the country should take them very seriously.
he also suggested that the financial system should also be made more fool-proof.
shiv sena mp arvind sawant told the lok sabha the urgency the government had shown in an essentially religious matter should be repeated for the ram temple.
(official twitter handle)the shiv sena on thursday supported the government on the triple talaq bill in the lok sabha but used the occasion to demand a similar show of urgency to bring a law for construction of a ram temple at the disputed site in ayodhya.
sena mp arvind sawant told the lok sabha the urgency the government had shown in an essentially religious matter should be repeated for the ram temple.
every other issue is urgent for the supreme court but not the ram temple, sawant said, and asked the government to bring a law to pave the way for its construction.
the ram temple was associated with the faith and sentiments of the majority community and the government should respect it and bring a law without delay, he said.
the shiv sena will support you, sawant said, and a large number of bjp mps could be seen welcoming his demand.
ravi shankar prasad ji, you are a daredevil and gutsy lawyer.
you should go ahead and bring a law to clear hurdles in the path of a ram temple, sawant added.
the sena mp warned the bjp it could meet the same fate as the congress if it side-stepped the demand.
development alone is not enough.
even they (congress) claimed to have done a lot of development but lost, he said, and reminded the bjp that it had promised to build a grand ram temple in ayodhya once it won full majority.
the bjp now has majority in parliament.
the sena member also flagged other controversial demands, including introducing a uniform civil code and abolishing article 370 that gives special status to jammu and kashmir.
the mp said the government would have been spared the trouble of bringing a law to ban instant triple talaq had it brought in a uniform civil code.
sawant questioned the decision to keep jammu and kashmir out of the purview of the triple talaq bill.
why have you made an exception for jammu and kashmir?
is it because of article 370?
he asked, before adding: abolish article 370.
the sena, the bjps oldest-ally-turned-vehement-critic, has been using the ram temple issue to pin-prick the big brother and drive a hard bargain over sharing of lok sabha seats in maharashtra.
the party is also demanding the chief ministers post in maharashtra, sources said.
the issue of uniform civil code was flagged in the house by bjp members, too.
bjp mp meenakshi lekhi flagged it to counter the oppositions argument as to why divorce was being criminalised only for muslims.
lekhi argued that equality for all was only possible if the house decides to bring a uniform civil code.
we cant compare different religious personal laws.
social position of different religions is different, she said.
union minister mukhtar abbas naqvi said argument of the opposition that muslims were being singled out was wrong since the concept of triple talaq did not exist among hindus.
speaker sumitra mahajan, too, intervened to point out that that such a practice was not prevalent among hindus.
the town of balakot, where the indian air force carried out an airstrike that the government claims bombed out a jaish-e-mohammad camp and killed many terrorists and their leaders.
apthe big question that has repeatedly landed at the narendra modi government's door is this: what is the balakot terrorist death count?
from february 26 till today, defence officers and ministers have been deployed.
some ministers skirted the question, others gave widely varying figures - 250 from amit shah, 400 from yogi adityanath.
minister v.k. singh left it in the realm of ashanka (speculation).
the government's position is that the airstrike was a pre-emptive attempt.
the objective was to snuff out a jaish-e-mohammad terror camp.
february 26indian foreign secretary vijay gokhale, in the government's first official statement after the airstrike, said: large number of jem terrorists, trainers, senior commanders were eliminated.
this was at a news conference in new delhi.
gokhale did not take questions.
the same day, uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath said in etah that 400 were killed to avenge the death of the 40 crpf personnel who died in the pulwama fidayeen attack.
february 27adityanath tweeted in hindi, again saying that the airstrike killed 400 terrorists.
400                          yogi adityanath (@myogiadityanath) february 27, 2019(translation: india has chosen the path of progress, pakistan has chosen the road to destruction.
our forces entered pakistan-occupied kashmir and killed 400 terrorists to avenge the terrorist attack.
this morning, india also shot down a pakistan plane)february 28the first sign of reluctance to give out a figure on the balakot casualties came from air vice-marshal r.g.k. kapoor at a tri-services press conference.
there is fairly credible evidence with us which proves that there was damage to the camps.
we hit the intended targets and caused the damage that was intended.
however, it will be premature to say what is the number of casualties we have been able to inflict on those camps and the number of deaths.
whatever we intended to destroy we have got the result.
kapoor was asked about the casualties at least twice during the news conference.
march 1union minister s.s. ahluwalia delivered a shocker at a news conference when asked about the balakot airstrike.
after the air strike, there was a rally by modiji and he didn't say anything on the casualty figures.
i want to ask if modiji, or any government spokesperson, or our party president amit shah has given any figures?
he also said that the goovernment didn't want any human casualty.
ahluwalia later backtracked and said he would go with the foreign secretary's statement.
at the india today conclave, railway minister piyush goyal was told by a journalist that questions had arisen about the balakot casualty claims.
are you convinced first?
goyal asked him.
are you a part of this narrative that is trying to belittle our armed forces?
he did not give any death count, though.
march 3at a rally in ahmedabad, bjp president amit shah said that the narendra modi government conducted an airstrike and killed more than 250 terrorists.
five days after the airstrike, prime minister narendra modi had not said a word on whether india had done any damage to terror camps in pakistan or pakistan-occupied kashmir.
march 4the question was again put to the air force, this time air chief marshal b.s. dhanoa at a news conference in coimbatore.
the iaf is not in a position to clarify the numbers of casualties.
the government will clarify that.
we do not count human casualties; we count what targets we have hit or not.
we hit our target.
some international media organisations have reported that one man was injured on the ground in balakot and some trees were burnt.
march 5union minister v.k. singh, a former army chief himself, tried to explain the casualty count given by amit shah the previous day.
its an estimate.
he (amit shah) is not saying it is a confirmed figure.
he is also saying that lagbhag itne logon ke marne ki ashanka hai .
so, lets take it as ashanka .
in one sweep, singh tried to pass off shah's claim of 200 terrorist deaths as a matter of speculation.
.
so, lets take it as .
in one sweep, singh tried to pass off shah's claim of 200 terrorist deaths as a matter of speculation.
law minister ravishankarprasad prasad was deployed to control the damage.
he rubbished the questions raised by congress leaders as conspiracy.
not a single country in the whole world has sought any evidence to justify their strikes.
what is the congress doing?
(they have) no trust in our army, no trust in our air force.
he did not want to give the terrorist casualty count.
im not telling you how many people died or not on behalf of the government.
todays entire press (conference) is to expose congress partys lies.
defence minister nirmala sitharaman could not make up her mind on what the foreign secretary had said in his february 26 statement.
the foreign secretary gave a figure, she said, then corrected herself.
he didnt give a figure.
he gave a statement.
that is government of indias position.
in dhubri, assam, home minister rajnath singh claimed that indias respected and authentic ntro surveillance system has said 300 mobile phones were active there when iaf jets dropped bombs.
the figure of 300 mobile phones in balakot was mentioned by various media organisations on march 4.
some of the reports quoted an unnamed source in the national technical research organisation.
that the presence of 300 mobile phones means 300 terrorists in a jaish camp is also in the realm of ashanka.
for united india artistes perform a programme on the occasion of bjps rashtriya ekta yatra at kargil chowk in patna on friday.
picture by ashok sinha patna, jan.
14: thousands poured in at kargil chowk today to attend bjps rashtriya ekta yatra that teed off from calcutta on wednesday as bharatiya janata yuva morcha president anurag thakur lashed out at the centre.
the rally, led by bharatiya janata yuva morcha president anurag thakur, who wants to hoist the tricolour at the controversial lal chowk in srinagar on the republic day, reached patna today.
the party has planned to take the yatra to srinagars lal chowk and hoist the national flag despite reservations from the jammu and kashmir government and opposition by separatists.
the bjps senior leaders, including shahnawaz hussain, the partys national spokesperson ravishankarprasad prasad, bihar animal husbandry and fisheries minister giriraj singh, bihar health minister ashw1ni kumar choubey and several mlas and mlcs, attended the rally.
speaking on the occasion, bharatiya janata yuva morcha president anurag thakur said: we will surely hoist the flag at lalchowk and nobody can stop us, the yatra is aimed at stopping the anti-national voices in kashmir.
in jammu and kashmir, issues like autonomy and freedom (aazadi) are being raised.
he added, the congress government at the centre does not have the courage to say no.
we are coming out with this yatra to put pressure on the government to stop such voices.
it is sad that the party has to hoist the national flag in a part of india to declare it as a part of the country.
in the presence of top bjp leaders, thakur also said: the congress has come out with the slogan to remove poverty (garibi hatao).
but whose poverty has been removed?
only the congress leaders and workers poverty has been removed.
they are looting the country.
people at the rally in kargil chowk.
picture by ashok sinha when thakur stood atop the chariot holding the tricolour, there were loud chants of vande mataram and bharat mata ki jai.
the rath, evoking the life of syama prasad mookerjee, the founder of jan sangh, is an improvised tata 709 bus.
it has a special connectivity system, an air-conditioner, berths for sleeping and a sliding roof that makes enough space for the leaders to stand on a pedestal that is raised with the help of a hydraulic machine.
painted in saffron, it has a portrait of syama prasad mookerjee besides other bjp leaders and a map of kashmir with the indian flag.
to entertain the public a cultural programme was also organised.
independent mla from lauriya binay bihar performed and sang patriotic songs.
the 14-day yatra will cover a distance of 3,037km and cover 12 states.
newly elected lok sabha speaker om birla on friday said elections in india had always been transparent, arguing that the congress wouldnt have been defeated in 1977 hadnt it been so.
at his first media interaction after getting elected to the post, birla hailed the huge participation of voters in the recently concluded parliamentary polls, but made no mention of the doubts raised by the opposition over electronic voting machines.
the speaker said the peoples involvement in large numbers had showed that people had faith in the countrys democracy.
the remarks came on a day birla sought to project himself as a strict disciplinarian in the lok sabha, taking strong objection to members chatting among themselves during house proceedings, prompting protests by opposition members.
the speaker reprimanded the congresss house leader, adhir chowdhury, for speaking with party mp shashi tharoor in the back benches while law minister ravishankarprasad prasad was speaking on the instant triple talaq bill.
adhir had left his front-row seat and walked up to tharoor.
shashi tharoorji, adhir ranjanji, dont talk among yourselves when the minister is speaking.
this way the house cant run.
if you have to talk, please go out and talk in the gallery, birla said, sounding firm.
earlier, he had chided some other opposition members too.
adhir quickly returned to his seat and told the speaker that he had only gone to discuss something related to the bill.
emergency inside the house, adhir said.
other opposition mps, including some of the congress, protested, saying the house could not be treated as a primary school.
interacting with reporters, birla said his priority was to enhance the houses dignity and added that the members should obey the rules and refrain from protesting in the well.
he justified his strict approach on the first working day of the newly constituted lok sabha, saying mps themselves had urged him to ensure that the house ran in a dignified manner.
why should zindabad-murdabad slogans be raised in the house?
those interested in doing so have the freedom to do so outside, birla said.
amit bhelarirahul gandhi addresses the jan aakrosh rally in new delhi on sunday.
(reuters)patna: the jdu on sunday attacked the congress over the jan aakrosh rally kicked off by party president rahul gandhi.
the ruling party said the congress had not done anything in their 60 years of rule and was now raising baseless issues when the modi government was performing excellent.
jdu leader and party spokesperson ajay alok wondered why the jan aakrosh rally reflected the congress' anger though the party ruled the country for more than 60 years and was out of power for the past five years.
parivar aakrosh (read congress anger) was quite evident in the speeches of sonia gandhi, rahul gandhi and manmohan singh, where without any basis, they kept on criticising prime minister narendra modi and the nda government, alok said.
he quipped that the congress leaders were confused as on one hand, they were saying that the entire power of the bjp has been transferred to modi and amit shah and on the other hand, they were saying that they had to fight the rss.
the congress party seems to be confused and a divided lot.
rahul gandhi mentions salman khurshid's recent outburst but he fails to take any action.
that shows the growing disenchantment in the congress leadership and that the party is not bothered, alok stressed.
khurshid, who was present at the new delhi rally on sunday, had recently differed with the party's move on the impeachment notice against the chief justice of india, saying he was saddened at the development.
taking a jibe at rahul's claim that the congress will return to power in 2019, alok said the congress had failed to perform on their own turf and without realising that the ground was slipping so fast from under their feet, had been living in a fool's paradise.
the jdu leader claimed that in the past four years, the country had progressed on every front and the economy was growing at 7.
5 per cent despite gst and demonetisation.
he called the issue of the sc/st act raised by the opposition useless, claiming that no change had been made in the act and only the comment was made by supreme court and for that also, a review petition had been filed.
another jdu spokesperson and mlc neeraj kumar taunted the congress by saying that the national party was taking the shape of a regional party, as they are losing power both at the centre and in the states gradually.
neeraj asked rahul to explain how he could save secularism while being in the company of corrupt political parties such as the rjd, which is involved in corrupt practices.
union minister ravishankarprasad prasad, who was in patna on sunday, also taunted rahul gandhi, alleging that the rally aimed to grab power and kursi (chair).
he stressed that under the leadership of rahul, the congress lost many elections.
the congress party is dreaming that they will return to power in 2019.
actor-politician shatrughan sinha, who has announced that he is quitting the bjp, on sunday said he decided to go with the congress as it was a national party in the true sense and family friend lalu prasad also advised him to do so.
he said leaders such as trinamool congress chief mamata banerjee, samajwadi party supremo akhilesh yadav and aam aadmi party (aap) national convener arvind kejriwal, among others, wanted him to join their respective parties, but he had made it clear that whatever be the situation, the constituency he would be contesting in the lok sabha polls would be patna sahib.
the actor-turned-politician, who has been criticising the modi government for long, said it was painful for him to leave the bjp with which he has had such a long association, but was disturbed at the treatment meted out by the party to its stalwarts such as l k advani, murli manohar joshi, arun shourie and yashwant sinha.
the bjp has not fielded party veterans advani and joshi in the lok sabha polls.
in an exclusive interview to pti, sinha said he had won from patna sahib in 2014 on his own merit, without support from the bjp and feels that this time he could break his previous records in terms of victory.
he slammed the bjp's leadership of prime minister narendra modi and party chief amit shah saying earlier there was lokshahi (democracy) and now there is tanashahi (dictatorship) in the party.
there used to be collective decision during atal (bihari vajpayee) ji's time.
there was democracy in the true sense.
but now, there is the case of one-man show and two-man army, said the 73-year-old leader, who is in muscat where he is being honoured as a cinematic legend.
asked why he decided to go with the congress, sinha said there were several reasons such as it is the grand old party which has had great leaders like mahatma gandhi, vallabhbhai patel, jawaharlal nehru, and those of the nehru-gandhi family.
the party also has a great contribution in the country's freedom movement, the sitting mp from patna sahib said, adding another reason was that it is a national party in true sense.
our family friend (rjd chief) lalu prasad also suggested 'you go there (to the congress).
we are there with you and will be together politically also'.
it was done with his (lalu prasad's) permission and in agreement with him, said sinha, who won the patna sahib seat back to back in 2009 and 2014 parliamentary polls.
he said an important factor is that the patna sahib seat has gone to the congress quota in the mahagathbandhan (grand alliance) seat sharing and he had said that whatever be the situation, the constituency for him to fight the polls would be the same.
many people like (tmc chief) mamata banerjee, (sp president) akhilesh yadav, and (delhi chief minister) arvind kejriwal among others, wanted me to be in their party.
but i had to come to this place because i had said that whatever be the situation, the location will be the same, sinha said, adding that the congress was a great party.
on claims by bjp leaders that he got votes in patna due to the party, the former union minister said, i would like to say that in the last election it was not just modi 'leher' (wave) but modi 'qahar' (destruction) on certain seats like we saw shahnawaz hussain losing from bhagalpur.
arun jaitley had a humiliating defeat.
sinha said he purposely did not call top bjp leaders such as friend, philosopher, guide advani, joshi, yashwant sinha, sushma swaraj, rajnath singh in the 2014 polls for campaigning.
i did not even call my own daughter sonakshi sinha so that people don't get to say things.
i won on merit, on principles, without anybody's support or help.
they (the bjp) did not give me the help they were giving to other candidates, they did not give me any help, he alleged.
despite the modi leher or qahar in the entire country, by the grace of the people of patna, in my victory, i had the highest vote share percentage in the country, sinha said.
asked how he sees the impending clash with senior bjp leader ravishankarprasad prasad on the patna sahib seat, sinha said the union minister is like a family friend and he has respect for him.
asserting that he doesn't want to comment on personalities as he has only spoken about issues, sinha said, for ravishankarprasad prasad i can only convey my best wishes.
after all, the people of patna will decide.
we will accept the verdict.
i have a feeling that by the grace of god and with great support from the people, i could break my previous records also in terms of victory.
his remarks came after daughter sonakshi sinha on friday said he should have moved on from bjp long back as he did not get the respect he deserved.
sonakshi said joining congress is his choice and she believes the veteran actor will be able to do good work with the party.
shatrughan sinha also hailed rahul gandhi's leadership qualities, saying the congress president is a man to be watched for his vision and dynamism.
the way he has taken up issues boldly, he has proved himself and in one year as as congress president he has won three states despite evms and many hurdles.
he is the originator of the most popular slogan -- 'chowkidar chor hai', sinha said.
on whether gandhi could be the next prime minister, he said it all depends on the blessings of the people the number of seats congress gets.
rahul gandhi has all the capabilities, sinha added.
sinha met rahul gandhi here last week and is set to formally join the congress on april 6.
new delhi, sept.
13: the government will come out with guidelines for spectrum sharing and trading by the year end, telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad said today.
guidelines will be in place by the end of the year on spectrum trading and sharing, prasad told reporters today.
in july, telecom regulator trai had recommended that spectrum sharing should be limited to only two licensees within the same circle.
no permission will be required from the government for effecting the sharing arrangement.
also, the two telecom operators can share spectrum or airwaves, through which mobile phone calls travel, in all frequency bands (800mhz, 900mhz, 1800mhz, 2100mhz and 2300mhz), provided they have spectrum in the same frequency band.
trai said as spectrum sharing would result in higher revenues for both the telecom licensees, they would have to pay 0.
5 per cent higher spectrum use charges to the government.
operators at present are allowed to share passive infrastructure such as mobile towers, which has helped them reduce operational costs.
however, they cannot share active infrastructure such as spectrum.
for large operators such as bharti airtel, vodafone india and idea cellular, which together offer services to over half of the 910 million mobile users in the country, spectrum sharing is an opportunity to increase their capacity in dense subscriber locations that require more bandwidth.
for operators such as tata teleservices and aircel, which have 50-60 per cent active users on their networks, it is a chance to monetise their unused spectrum by sharing it.
telecom operators have for long been asking for more spectrum to resolve congestion issues in high-density areas.
this move will, therefore, help them and could help companies significantly reduce cost of providing mobile services.
trai had earlier this year come out with guidelines for spectrum trading, allowing mobile operators to buy and sell airwaves they had bought through auctions.
however, airwaves that were given as allocations by the government cannot be traded.
the government can charge a one per cent fee for any airwaves traded between two firms.
cyber security prasad said the government would soon start the national cyber co-ordination centre to safeguard the nations servers and computer systems.
we are investing rs 800 crore for this project and soon we will have an inter-ministerial discussion before sending the proposal to the cabinet, prasad said.
it is expected to send the proposal to the cabinet in the next 15 days.
new delhi, april 19: the union cabinet today agreed to release funds for equipping electronic voting machines with paper trails before the 2019 lok sabha polls, after receiving over a dozen letters from the election commission and facing opposition allegations of evm manipulation.
the amount - rs 3,173.
47 crore - will be released to the commission over two budgets, union finance minister arun jaitley told journalists at a cabinet briefing.
since this year's budget has already been finalised, half the amount - approximately rs 1,600 crore - will be factored into the revised estimate and the remaining included in the 2018-19 budget.
the cabinet's decision comes less than a week after the bahujan samaj party and other opposition outfits sought the supreme court's intervention in ensuring compliance with its october 8, 2013, directive to the centre to back up every evm with a voter-verified paper audit trail (vvpat).
in a statement after the cabinet's decision, the election commission said: with this the commission will ensure the total compliance of the orders of hon'ble supreme court and its commitment to use vvpats with every evm at all polling stations in the country in the general election of 2019.
on the allegation of evm fraud, jaitley referred to what prime minister narendra modi had said at the recently concluded national executive meeting of the bjp in bhubaneswar.
this controversy was manufactured in the opposition's factory, modi had said.
jaitley said evms were introduced by the congress in 1992.
however, according to the election commission website, the machines were used on experimental basis for the first time in 16 assembly constituencies in the states of madhya pradesh (5) and rajasthan (5) and the nct of delhi (6) in the general election to the respective legislative assemblies held in november 1998.
the then congress government had in 1989 amended the representation of the people act to allow the use of evms. but it was during the second nda government of atal bihari vajpayee in 1998 that the machines were deployed in an election for the first time.
evms were used nationwide for the first time in the 2004 lok sabha polls.
after the modi government came to power in may-end 2014, the election commission wrote at least a dozen letters to the law ministry seeking adequate funds to comply with the supreme court order.
last october, following two contempt notices, the chief election commissioner sent an sos letter to the prime minister, requesting his intervention to ensure the release of funds, but to no avail.
however, after the uttar pradesh election results were announced, bsp chief mayawati launched a campaign alleging evm fraud and a number of opposition parties joined in.
some demanded vvpats while the others called for the return of paper ballots.
the issue dominated a marathon rajya sabha discussion on electoral reforms late last month but despite repeated demands for an assurance on funds for vvpats, both jaitley and law minister ravishankarprasad prasad dodged the issue.
prasad cited logistical problems in procuring the machines.
the first set of 20,300 vvpats were procured by the election commission in 2013 in keeping with a suggestion for a paper trail at an all-party meeting in october 2010.
the meeting had been called after bjp leaders had cried foul about evms after the party's poor showing in the 2009 lok sabha elections.
vvpats were used in the 2014 parliamentary elections in select booths.
in 2015, the poll panel placed an order for 67,000 vvpats, of which 33,500 units have been supplied by two manufacturers - bharat electronics and the electronics corporation of india.
the election commission is under pressure to use vvpats in the assembly polls in gujarat and himachal pradesh later this year and tripura in early 2018.
sanjay k. jhaghulam nabi azad discussing the triple talaq legislation in the rajya sabha on wednesday.
youtube.
new delhi: the congress on wednesday came upfront to accuse the rss-bjp of using the instant triple talaq legislation as a political ploy to take revenge on muslims.
the congress fiercely fought in the rajya sabha to send the bill criminalising instant triple talaq to a select committee for the removal of what it termed glaring anomalies.
the party had initially been wary of opposing the instant triple talaq bill so as not to give the bjp the chance to accuse it of being anti-muslim.
former union minister veerappa moily told a news conference: marriage is a civil contract.
the provision for criminalisation of instant triple talaq is not acceptable.
they are doing it with a sadistic approach.
they want to take revenge on a particular community.
moily contested the perception that the party's stand on the bill in the lok sabha was different from that in the rajya sabha.
we opposed the criminality provision in the lok sabha (too).
the congress anyway couldn't have blocked the bill in the lok sabha, where the bjp has a brute majority.
the leader of the opposition in the rajya sabha, ghulam nabi azad, said the congress was opposed to the practice of instant triple talaq and supported the supreme court verdict that struck it down.
the bill does injustice to muslim women.
the government is misleading muslim women and the nation through a massive false propaganda, he alleged.
the congress has been criticising the government for violating the parliamentary tradition of sending all major bills for scrutiny by standing committees.
the bjp government has little faith in parliamentary democracy and consultative processes.
they just want to bulldoze their views.
the instant triple talaq is already gone and now the government's role is only to facilitate alimony to the affected women.
but who will provide alimony if the husband is sent to jail?
azad said.
law minister ravishankarprasad prasad met azad on wednesday in an effort to resolve the deadlock but couldn't offer a solution to the alimony question.
azad said: the husband will be in jail and there is no provision for assistance from the government.
the law minister refused to give a paisa from the government side.
so this bill solves the bjp's political purpose but offers no justice to the divorced women.
this will destroy families.
the congress expressed outrage at the government's duplicity as it passed the bill in the lok sabha using its numerical supremacy but refused to accept the majority principle in the rajya sabha.
whether the bill will go to a parliamentary committee or not is decided by the rajya sabha chairman on the basis of the sense of the house.
while two parties wanted the bill to be passed, 17 asked for (it to be sent to a) select committee.
.
.
.
in democracy, how do you decide except by a headcount?
azad asked.
state bjp chief mangal pandey at the party office on tuesday.
picture by nagendra kumar singh patna, jan.
7: the bjp looks better battle-ready for the 2014 lok sabha polls than the other mainline parties  the congress, jd(u), rjd and the ljp  in the state.
senior bjp leaders, including the partys in-charge of bihar affairs dharmendra pradhan, general secretary (organisation) saudan singh, sushil kumar modi, nand kishore yadav, ravishankarprasad prasad and shahnawaz hussain, had a long closed-door session with the cadre today, fine-tuning the partys strategy for the general elections.
sources said the bjp in its bid to not to look like isolated in the era of coalition politics had decided in principle to have an alliance with the loktantrik samata party of upendra kushwaha on a couple of seats.
we are not looking for alliance with any other outfit than kushwahas, the party spokesperson, sanjay mayukh, said.
kushwaha, an emerging koiri leader, formed the party after breaking away from the jd(u).
sources said the partys four-pronged poll strategy would be sharing the credit of whatever good has happened in bihar under the seven-and-a-half years of the jd(u)-bjp rule, making nitish the prime target of attack apart from the congress, projecting its prime ministerial candidate narendra modi as the better performer and stronger face than nitish and staying soft on the rjd boss, lalu prasad.
be it the empowerment of the extremely backward classes (ebcs) by ensuring them reservation in the local bodies or showering other largesse on them, the bjp has played a pioneering role during the nda rule in bihar.
the party having an array of ebc leaders in its rank treats them as its own, sushil modi said, accusing nitish of hurting the cause of the ebcs by breaking the alliance.
modis remarks were interpreted as the bjps strategy to woo the ebcs, constituting about 28 per cent of the state electorate that nitish is believed to have nurtured as the vote bank for his jd(u).
despite lalus relentless attack on narendra modi, the bjp strategists have adopted softer posture on him for two reasons.
they believe that the muslim votes, accounting for almost 16 per cent of the state electorate, would split between the lalu-led coalition and nitishs jd(u) in the event of the rjd boss gaining in strength.
second, the bjp do not want to anger the yadavs, who constitute about 15 per cent of the voters and treat lalu as their icon.
thieves caughtpatna, july 16: residents near dayanand high school, in jakkanpur area, today caught two criminals.
police said a man, identified as anil, had come to deposit rs 1.
6 lakh at a nearby bank when two motorcyclists tried to snatch the money.
residents caught them and handed them over to the police.
healthy jointspatna: paras hmri hospital on saturday organised a health talk aimed at creating awareness about joint aches and its remedies.
the talk was organised by the orthopaedics department.
orthopaedic surgeon nishikant kumar said: our aim is to tackle joint problems, rather than just prescribe pain-killers.
bail snub for triopatna, july 16: the special vigilance court today rejected the bail petitions of shakuntala devi, veena devi and sandeep jha, all accused in the intermediate result scam.
science topper saurabh shreshtha's father ajay singh was sent to jail today.
new rolepatna: prime minister narendra modi has nominated union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad as a member of the political affairs committee of the union cabinet.
arrestpatna: mohammed taushif, who, during a rally at ashok rajpath on friday, had shouted slogans in support of pakistan and islamic preacher zakir naik was arrested.
man missingmuzaffarpur: a foreign tourist, mecum leyovensi (65), said to be a national of cameroon, has gone missing from a hotel in the maripur area.
eco drivepatna: the environment and forests department, as part of its har parishar green parishar programme, organised a tree plantation drive at anugrah narayan sinha institute of social studies on saturday.
women killedmunger: three women working in a field died after lightning struck them at sitarampur village under on saturday.
new venturepatna: poly medicure limited, manufacturers of medical devices and disposables, will foray into respiratory, renal and blood bank sectors.
rjd spokesperson manoj jha, (below) former mp shivanand tiwari and rjd leader kanti singh speak to reporters outside lalu prasads residence in patna on tuesday.
new delhi/patna, may 16 (pti): the income-tax department on tuesday conducted surveys at about 22 locations in delhi and adjoining areas in connection with alleged benami deals of rs 1,000 crore carried out by rjd chief lalu prasad and his family members.
the income-tax operation came days after the supreme court order of may 8 restoring the charge of criminal conspiracy against lalu in four fodder scam cases in which he would now stand trial.
lalu has already been barred from contesting elections after his conviction and sentencing in one of the fodder scam cases in 2013.
according to income-tax officials, surveys were conducted on the premises of some prominent businessmen and real estate agents in delhi, gurgaon, rewari (haryana) and a few other places.
the operation was carried out on the premises of the son of rjd mp and former union minister prem chand gupta and a few other businessmen.
people and businessmen connected to the land deals involving lalu prasad and his family are being searched.
there are allegations of benami deals worth about rs 1,000 crore and subsequent tax evasion, a senior i-t official said.
the income-tax department, officials said, is set to slap in this case provisions of the newly enacted benami transactions act, 1988, which became operational from november 1 last year and carries a maximum punishment of seven years in jail and a fine.
the action under this new law will be over and above the legal proceedings under the income tax act, 1961, which is mandated to check charges of domestic tax evasion.
officials said the department began surveying the premises of some prominent businessmen and real estate agents in delhi, gurgaon, rewari and few others since early morning.
in the national capital, tax department teams visited upscale localities in new friends colony, sainik farms and few farmhouses in bijwasan and south delhi areas.
some documents and computer hardware have been seized till now from the premises under search, the official said, adding that a team of about 100 tax officials and police personnel were engaged in the operation.
the bjp had last week accused lalu, his mp-daughter misa bharti and his two sons tej pratap yadav and tejashwi prasad yadav, both ministers in the nitish kumar government in bihar, of being involved in corrupt land deals worth over rs 1,000 crore, and asked the centre to probe one such transaction in delhi.
union minister ravishankarprasad prasad had alleged that these transactions were a case of quid pro quo as they dated to the period when lalu prasad was the railway minister in the upa government.
prasad had claimed that one such land deal involving lalu and his family members was in bijwasan in delhi.
prasad had claimed the companies owned by lalu prasad's family for the purpose of land transactions had no employees, no business activity and no turnover.
the politics of lalu prasad has become politics of loot.
land worth crores of rupees was grabbed for a pittance, prasad had said, adding: we expect the central government to take appropriate action.
a battery of lawyers outside 10 circular road.
mamata nod to rally bengal chief minister mamata banerjee has accepted lalu prasad's invitation to attend a rally of opposition parties in august.
lalu ji, we accepted your invitation to be there on august 27.
we will be there, mamata said in a tweet.
new delhi, march 26: rahul gandhi today predicted that the myth that a narendra modi wave is sweeping the country will explode just like the india shining balloon burst, and the 2014 election will throw up a surprise.
sonia gandhi shared rahuls optimism as prime minister manmohan singh contended that the congresss inclusive politics alone, not the gujarat model, could provide a lasting solution to indias problems.
all the three leaders defended the upas record and hoped the ruling combine would return for a third term.
at a question-answer session after releasing the partys manifesto, rahul said: here in 2009, this question was raised that the congress would be thrashed.
the opinion polls gave five seats to the congress in uttar pradesh.
it didnt happen.
(the congress had won 22 seats.
) the result will surprise you.
i know up and the result this time will be better than 2009.
the emphasis on uttar pradesh reflects the heartburn created by opinion polls that forecast 40-50 seats in the state for the bjp because of the modi wave.
the congress knows that if the bjp fails to pull off the miracle in uttar pradesh, the challenger cannot be in a position to sew up majority.
the surveys have forecast less than 10 seats for the congress in 2014.
without a specific question being asked on uttar pradesh, rahul addressed the core concern on his own.
the bjp has the ability to carry out campaigns.
just like the india shining balloon exploded.
.
.
i can say certainly the balloon will explode, 100 per cent, he said.
india shining was a brilliant campaign.
everybody was convinced.
but on the day of voting, it evaporated.
rahul avoided making any personal attack on modi but rejected his brand of politics by criticising the divisive ideology.
this kind of divisive politics will hurt india.
every congressman will fight and defeat that, he said.
asked if he agreed with the assessment of manmohan that modi as prime minister would be disastrous for the nation, rahul said: the prime minister is a wise man and, on most of the issues, i bow to him.
i tend to agree with his wisdom.
but it was not a question of individual whom you may like or dislike.
but the ideology which is questioning the idea of india  the real danger is that ideology.
this was rahuls matured way of endorsing the prime ministers blunt remark without actually making a personal reference to modi.
while modi never misses an opportunity to heap scorn on the shehzada, rahul has launched blistering attacks on the rss ideology, linking it to mahatma gandhis assassination and hitler but avoiding directly targeting modi.
the manifesto, too, deals with the ideological question in a big way, giving it a much greater thrust than development issues and welfare schemes.
the bjps narrow and communal perspective denies equality to all.
theirs is an exclusionary doctrine.
peace cannot be constructed on conflict.
societies cannot be built on injustice and hatred .
this is an ideology that seeks to impose uniformity in the name of unity, the manifesto said.
responding to questions about the predictions of doom for the congress, sonia too recalled the 2004 and 2009 elections to buttress her contention that opinion polls have been proved wrong time and again.
we are ready to fight and we will win, she thundered while describing the manmohan era as a period of robust growth, social empowerment and revolutionary legislation.
to a question about his government being the most corrupt, the prime minister said: the bjp attacked me as they felt i was a weak prime minister and, under constant criticism, i will run away from the job entrusted to me by the congress.
i proved them wrong.
there is no reason to believe there is substance in what the bjp set out to argue.
corruption is an issue and cant be wished away.
efforts have to be made to fight corruption and the government did a lot to strengthen the institutional framework.
sonia said tens of thousands of suggestions had come in the course of consultations for the manifesto and a separate document enlisting them would be brought out in the next few days as everything could not be accommodated in it.
rahul and other senior leaders were engaged in a unique five-month manifesto-making exercise, which involved deliberations with over 10,000 people from different social groups held at 27 locations.
a big joke the bjp dubbed the congress election manifesto a joke and a document of deceit and claimed it amounted to a rank insult to indians.
chief spokesperson ravishankarprasad prasad said: they are promising an eight per cent growth rate over the present rate of 4.
6 per cent.
this is a big joke.
j.p. yadavunion law minister ravishankarprasad prasad and other senior ministers during the passage of the bill in the lok sabha on thursday.
pti picture/ tv grabnew delhi: the centre on thursday got the instant triple talaq bill passed in the lok sabha, projecting itself as the champion of suffering muslim women and ready to grab any opportunity to paint the opposition as unsympathetic to them.
pushed to the back foot, a vastly outnumbered opposition largely restricted itself to citing gaps in the bill and suggesting amendments, all of which were defeated.
just a few smaller parties opposed the bill's introduction.
prime minister narendra modi had at a morning meeting of party mps urged everyone to be present and support the bill, but was himself absent during the four-hour debate and the bill's passage by voice vote.
law minister ravishankarprasad prasad, however, projected modi as the saviour of muslim women and party member meenakshi lekhi said muslim women need not fear anybody when they had a brother like narendra modi.
the centre rejected a congress suggestion to send the bill to a parliamentary panel, saying there should be no delay because instances of the instant talaq were being reported despite the supreme court declaring it unconstitutional.
however, bjp sources said that when the bill goes to the opposition-dominated rajya sabha next week, the government could agree to a few amendments or send it to a select committee, telling voters the congress was responsible for the delay.
under the muslim women (protection of rights on marriage) bill, 2017, any man who pronounces the instant talaq on his wife can be jailed for three years.
the all india muslim personal law board had opposed the bill, saying it did not distinguish clearly between instant and staggered triple talaq and that jail for the husband would jeopardise the wife's chances of securing maintenance.
asaduddin owaisi of the all india majlis-e-ittehadul muslimeen opposed the bill in the house, saying it violates muslim women's right to freedom.
biju janata dal members bhartruhari mahtab and tathagata satpathy objected to the wording of a few clauses.
the aiadmk opposed the hurry.
in the interest of the country (and) the muslim community and the unity and integrity of the country the bill should be referred to a standing committee, congress house leader mallikarjun kharge said.
congress members wondered how the husband would offer maintenance if he were in jail.
some members said the criminal provisions would kill the possibility of reconciliation and break up families.
prasad said the courts would decide on bail and maintenance on merit.
shatrughan sinha, who spent around three decades in the bjp, on saturday painted a grim picture of narendra modis cabinet where ministers  terrified and powerless  couldnt even appoint their own personal assistants.
although the opposition has often levelled allegations about a total concentration of power in the prime ministers office, an insider saying so lends credibility to the widely held impression.
its a one-man show and two-man army, sinha, who formally joined the congress on saturday, told a media conference, his central theme being the attitudes of modi and bjp president amit shah.
they turned democracy into autocracy.
theres no communication within the bjp; nobody listens and anybody not toeing their line will be crushed.
nobody can speak the truth.
i mustered the courage to speak the truth and this was taken as a negative attribute.
the irrepressible actor, who has worked in over 100 films and been a member of parliament and a union minister, explained why he had been cornered.
they say i was angry because i didnt become a minister (in the modi government).
it is another story why i was not made a minister  was there a corruption charge against me, was i not capable?
but what was the status of the ministers?
frightened, terrified, shivering.
cant appoint a pa (personal assistant) on their own; cant take any decision without clearance from the pmo, he said before going on to mention the sidelined veterans.
how was the veteran l.k. advani treated?
you can feel the pain in the blog he wrote recently.
you saw what was done to jaswant singh.
yashwant sinha was forced to quit the party.
murli manohar joshi, arun shourie and now sumitra mahajan have met with the same fate.
i was cornered because i raised valid questions.
i said, fulfil promises, listen to what the opposition is saying, answer their questions.
the opposition also speaks in the national interest.
sinha rued that the media too had been compelled to sing rag darbari (resort to sycophancy) but said: now people have realised the truth, seen through the falsehood of their promises.
they can now see the writing on the wall.
the bluff has been called.
he described congress president rahul gandhi as the face and future of the country and slammed the demonetisation as the biggest scandal while referring to the rafale deal, flawed gst, unemployment and agrarian distress.
sinha expressed his pain at having to leave the bjp after such a long association.
but he defended himself, arguing that the party he had known during the time of atal bihari vajpayee and advani had ceased to exist and that he had seen lokshahi (democracy) turn into tanashahi (autocracy) in the last five years.
the congress announced sinhas candidature from patna sahib, which he has represented twice in the lok sabha.
sinha will take on minister ravishankarprasad prasad, who has never won any election in his life.
the congress welcomed sinha enthusiastically, with party communications chief randeep surjewala describing the veteran as spiritually, ideologically and academically close to the philosophies of mahatma gandhi and jawaharlal nehru.
k.c. venugopal, general secretary in charge of the organisation, described sinha as one of the best politicians in the country.
the congresss bihar minder, shaktisinh gohil, said: if somebody lies, he will say  khamosh (shut up)!
thats shatrughans nature.
but i know the modi-shah duo; there is no space for such people in their system.
in shatrughan, the congress has gained a star campaigner who will address election rallies across the country.
sanjeev kumar vermapatna: senior bjp leaders from bihar joined prime minister narendra modi and party president amit shah in observing a day's fast to protest against the obstruction of parliament by the congress.
but there was a voice of dissent as well from within as one bjp mp reminded the fasting leaders about its past stand when the party was in the opposition.
in patna, union minister for law and justice ravishankarprasad prasad sat on a hunger strike at gardanibagh, where he spewed venom on the congress for the parliament logjam during the budget session.
fellow patna resident and patna sahib mp, shatrughan sinha, however, came up with a series of questions on his twitter handle to question the logic behind the fast.
one of sinha's tweets said: what is reason sir behind this upwaas (fast), is it for parliament not running smoothly?
is the opposition entirely responsible for it?
.
.
.
many a times in the past when we were in the opposition, we did not let it work for days, weeks & months.
.
.
?
he came up with one more bouncer.
is it also true that some of our prominent leaders of today had made a statement in the past both in and outside parliament that the smooth functioning of parliament is the sole responsibility of the govt.
what is our stand today sir, let's clarify once and for all.
.
.
sinha said in another tweet.
prasad, on the other hand, justified the protest.
the budget session happens to be one of the most important sessions of parliament.
congress didn't allow it to run.
we are observing the fast to share our pain with people on this issue, he said.
the minister added that several important bills, including the fugitive bill which would have helped in bringing back persons like vijay mallya and nirav modi, could not be introduced.
senior party leader nand kishore yadav, who joined prasad during the fast, said the opposition leaders were behaving in this manner because they were unable to digest the good work being done by the son of a poor family (read prime minister modi).
manmohan singh: call for fair view new delhi, feb.
11: the rss has sent the prime minister a missive in which sections of the sangh spotted echoes from letters written by a former sarsanghachalak, balasaheb deoras, to indira gandhi.
the letter, signed by general secretary suresh bhayya joshi, urged manmohan singh to take a fair and objective view of investigations into the malegaon, ajmer and hyderabad blasts that have implicated a few rss functionaries, former and serving, including senior pracharak indresh kumar.
it drew the prime ministers attention to a chargesheet filed by the maharashtra ats on january 20, 2009, on the malegaon blast that allegedly contained transcripts of conversations between two of the accused, colonel purohit and dayanand pandey.
they were allegedly plotting to kill the present sarsanghachalak, mohanrao bhagwat, and kumar with chemical weapons.
the rsss case was that the state ats deliberately suppressed this explosive evidence in its submissions to bombay high court because that would have foiled its efforts to bracket the sangh with the malegaon conspirators.
it asked the prime minister to set up an impartial and independent inquiry into the hidden missions of purohit and his associates and to make a distinction between its swayamsevaks and the accused.
the letter, sent yesterday, also dwelt on the rsss nation-building work for which, joshi claimed, it was lauded by former presidents and prime minister lal bahadur shastri.
joshi flaunted nehrus endorsement, saying that despite his serious differences with the organisation he invited the swayamsevaks to show up at the 1963 republic day parade.
joshi complained against congress general secretary digvijay singh  without naming him  for his vicious campaign against saffron terror.
although rss spokespersons manmohan vaidya and ram madhav stressed at a media briefing today that the letter was drafted with the approval of the sangh brass  and after informing the bjp  it is learnt that a few persons objected at a recent meeting, saying it might be counterproductive and perceived as a desperate attempt to shore up its defences that were frayed by the probes into the blasts.
sangh sources admitted that the disclosures confirmed the existence of a militant, radical fringe within its ranks and that it was forced to confront this reality.
the last thing it wanted was another proscription, they added.
although joshis tone was more defensive than abject, sources said they recalled how the sangh never quite pardoned deoras  the third sarsanghachalak  for the two letters he wrote to indira gandhi in 1975 when she had banned the rss.
in one, he praised her for her august 15 speech from the red fort and exhorted her to rescind the ban.
in another, he lauded her foreign policy with an appeal to lift the ban.
she ignored both the missives.
sources said they expected singh to also do similarly, especially with the sanghs political offspring, the bjp, breathing down his neck before the budget session.
spokesperson ravishankarprasad prasad said: the rss has only put its concerns on record.
it is unfortunate that instead of following the line of investigation it has asked for, the government has clubbed rss and abhinav bharat together.
the citys first incubation centre would come up at software technology park at patliputra.
picture by ranjeet kumar dey enterprising minds wishing to start ventures of their own would soon have logistical and technical support thanks to bihars first incubation centre coming up in patna on saturday.
union communication and information technology minister ravishankarprasad prasad will lay the foundation stone of the incubation centre at the software technology park of india at the patliputra industrial area on saturday.
chief minister jitan ram manjhi will also be present.
sources in the state information technology department could not shed any light on the deadline for the project for it being a central project.
they, however, hoped it would be complete in a year.
the decision to set up the centre at patnas software technology park is seen as an attempt of the union government to connect bihar with the countrys digital club.
its a central government-funded project.
the incubation centre, being set up on an area of 10,000sqft at an estimated cost of rs 10 crore, would function as a resource centre for it exporting units.
entrepreueners can avail of infrastructure facilities such as state-of-the-art incubation services, high-speed data communication and other amenities for development and export of software and services.
such incubation centres are becoming increasingly popular in india, as they allow start-ups to avoid initial costs and provide the necessary technical and financial support.
manas panda, director, software technology park of india, said: this incubation centre will be a boost to local entrepreneurs as it would provide a platform where the start-ups (small companies or individuals) can get amenities required to set up a company.
a plan to set up an information technology park in patna, on the lines of hyderabads software technology park and bangalores international tech park, was also in the pipeline a while back.
the project has failed to start yet.
atul sinha, director, technical science and technology department, bihar, said: incubation centres are gaining in popularity in cities such as bangalore, hyderabad, pune and noida as these allow potential entrepreneurs to access technical and logistical support.
sinha said at patna, too, technical experts and those capable of assisting entrepreneurs to market or sell their products would be available.
if some projects take off thanks to the incubation centre, it will create job opportunities for many, just like flipkart that was founded in 2007 by iit alumni sachin bansal and binny bansal, added sinha.
welcoming the decision to set up the incubation centre, national institute of technology, patna, student abhishek kumar said: it will help potential entrepreneurs make an career in it.
many states have already moved forward in setting up such incubation centres.
even telangana has decided to set up an incubation centre in hyderabad.
couple of months back, the telangana government sought financial assistance from the centre for development of the proposed technology incubation centre in hyderabad.
the centre is being set up in collaboration with the international institute of information technology, hyderabad, indian school of business and the nalsar university of law.
k radhakrishnan at the news conference in new delhi on tuesday.
(pti) new delhi, feb.
8: indias space agency had initiated action to terminate its contract with a private satellite applications company in july 2010 after months of internal review, indian space research organisation (isro) chairperson k. radhakrishnan said today.
the review began in december 2009 after a reassessment of indias spectrum needs and after isro realised it had sought union cabinet approval for two satellites meant for devas without explicitly disclosing their applications, radhakrishnan said.
antrix, isros commercial arm, had in january 2005 signed a deal with devas multimedia, allowing the company access to 70mhz of the high-value s-band spectrum for applications that would be run through two satellites to be launched by isro.
the space agency had obtained cabinet approval for two satellites, gsat-6 and gsat-6a, that were primarily intended for a novel applications envisaged by devas, a company led by former isro scientific secretary m.g. chandrashekar.
in the proposal to the cabinet, radhakrishnan said, there was no explicit reference that gsat-6 and gsat-6a were meant to support the antrix-devas deal, although about 90 per cent of the applications of the satellite were to be earmarked for this.
ideally, it should have been mentioned (to the cabinet)  this was one reason for the review, radhakrishnan said.
the antrix-devas agreement had been approved and signed at the level of the antrix board, he said.
he said a reassessment of spectrum requirements had indicated that india had significant needs of the s-band spectrum for strategic as well as societal applications  indicating that this was another factor that prompted the internal review.
we took proactive action in december 2009  in july 2010 indias space commission also reviewed this and we started necessary actions to annul the contract, radhakrishnan said.
we are trying to do this without causing embarassment or damage or financial loss to the government, he said.
the isro chief said the space agency has not given away spectrum or transponders to devas or antrix so far.
no financial loss has been incurred by the government on account of this so far, radhakrishnan said.
but isro is trying to find ways to evade penalty clauses in the contract that require either side to pay if the contract is cancelled under certain circumstances.
devas officials were not immediately available for comments this evening.
this action by isro shows the robustness of the system, said k. kasturirangan, former isro chairperson and member of the planning commission, suggesting that the agency had taken appropriate steps to correct an anomaly.
radhakrishnan declined to specify whether action is likely to be taken against officials in isro or antrix who were involved in finalising the contract or why isro chose not to reveal details of the gsat-6 and gsat-6a applications to the cabinet  although the chairperson of isro is also the chairperson of antrix.
bjp questions the bjp put the prime minister and maharashtra chief minister prithviraj chavan in the dock on the s-band allocation controversy.
bjp spokesperson ravishankarprasad prasad asked: isro comes directly under the prime minister.
was an approval sought and was it given and if so, on what terms and conditions?
prasad went on to ask if the space department, headed by singh, insists on a public auction of the valuable 70 mhz spectrum because of the large-scale expansion of mobile telephony.
if not, then why not?
stating that the space commission had decided to terminate the isro-devas pact in july 2010, he demanded to know why the decision came five years after the agreement and why was there no prior review or monitoring of the alleged irregularities.
he asked what chavan, then a junior minister in the space ministry, was doing for the five years when such massive irregularities and corruption were staring in the governments face.
new delhi, july 9: opposition parties today demanded that narendra modi reply to allegations that the home ministry destroyed nearly 1.
5 lakh files, including one on discussions by the cabinet just after mahatma gandhis assassination, under the prime ministers directions.
cpm leader p. rajeeve, who raised the issue during zero hour in the rajya sabha, cited media reports to wonder if the governments action was intended to hide the role of hindutva forces behind the assassination of gandhi.
the government rubbished the reports.
this whole allegation against the prime minister is completely wrong.
i deny it completely and emphatically, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said.
rajeeve said the cabinet had met after the mahatma was shot dead and the meeting had discussed all aspects of the assassination.
as per the directions of the prime minister, it is reported that the ministry of home affairs has destroyed these important historical documents, he said.
he asked why the prime minister, who assumed charge barely six weeks ago, was in a hurry to order the destruction of such documents and alleged that the government was trying to rewrite the countrys history.
they want to destroy the evidence of the role of some hindutva forces behind the assassination of mahatma gandhi, he said.
members of other parties  not satisfied with the law ministers response  also joined in, demanding that the prime minister make a statement on the allegation.
janata dal (united) leader sharad yadav said the past held lessons for the future, hence documents should be preserved.
you cannot scrap history.
the country has not given you the mandate for destroying history, yadav said.
congress leader saifuddin soz and the trinamul congresss sukhendu sekhar roy demanded that the prime minister make a statement.
deputy chairman p.j. kurien said the matter should be put to rest as the government had replied.
in zero hour, allegations are not to be raised.
but p. rajeeve raised this issue and government has reacted.
the chapter is over now, kurien said.
our special correspondentnarendra modi takes a delhi metro ride on his way to inaugurate an ambedkar memorial in delhi on friday.
(pti)new delhi: prime minister narendra modi on friday tried to reach out to dalits, assuring no impact on the scheduled castes and scheduled tribes (prevention of atrocities) act, and launched a vitriolic attack on the congress to paint the party anti-ambedkar and anti-dalit.
shaken by the dalit protests, the government is also considering bringing an ordinance to restore the provisions of the act, allegedly diluted by the supreme court.
bihar deputy chief minister and bjp leader sushil kumar modi hinted at such a route in patna on friday.
the centre has filed an affidavit urging the supreme court to take back its directive regarding the act.
if we don't get justice from the supreme court, the narendra modi government will bring an ordinance to restore the act in its original form, sushil modi said.
the prime minister sought to justify the government's delay in filing a review petition against the verdict by saying there were six public holidays after the judgment.
we were blamed for not filing a review petition immediately.
the delay was because there were six days of public holiday after the judgment, narendra modi said after inaugurating an ambedkar memorial in delhi.
i want to assure the people that the government will not allow any impact on the law (prevention of atrocities act), he said, reminding how his government had strengthened the act.
the prime minister's claim, however, was not above question.
the supreme court ruling came on march 20 and the government filed the review petition on april 2.
in between, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad kept on repeating that the government would study the judgment and come up with a structured response.
the government and narendra modi continued to be silent despite demands from dalit ministers and mps of the bjp to immediately file a review petition.
the government and the party did not even give an assurance that they were committed to protect the rights of the dalits.
after friday's assurance, the prime minister launched an all-out attack on the congress for a false campaign and spreading the fear that the government wanted to end reservations.
the congress insulted ambedkar when he was alive and also after his death.
.
.
.
today, out of political helplessness they are taking his name, narendra modi said.
let the congress tell one thing they have done for ambedkar.
i know they will have no answer.
the prime minister delved into the past and claimed that ambedkar had resigned from jawaharlal nehru's government because he was insulted by the congress.
narendra modi claimed that nehru himself had campaigned against ambedkar to defeat him in elections and how jana sangh founder syama prasad mookerjee had helped the father of the constitution get elected to the rajya sabha.
the congress didn't spare an instance to insult ambedkar.
.
.
.
the congress didn't give space to anyone other than one family, the prime minister said.
he claimed his government was committed to social justice and end discrimination.
he said he could understand the pain of the dalits as he himself had borne the brunt of casteist attacks.
narendra modi, who usually ends his speech with  bharat mata ki jai and vande matram, signed off on friday with jai bhim.
j.p. yadavnew delhi: the government and the bjp chose silence and sought to distance themselves from the unprecedented revolt by the four supreme court judges, saying they had no role to play in the internal matter of the independent judiciary, but internally the top leadership appeared rattled.
late on friday evening, the party fielded sambit patra, but only to slam the congress.
this is an internal matter of the supreme court.
.
.
.
surprised and pained that the congress.
.
.
is trying to gain political mileage, he said.
what appeared to have shaken the bjp leadership the most was the fact that the dissenting judges brought into focus the death of cbi judge b.h. loya, who had been hearing the sohrabuddin sheikh fake encounter case in which party chief amit shah was an accused.
the case is now before the supreme court.
officially, no meeting was held to discuss the situation.
law minister ravishankarprasad prasad remained in his office through the day and denied reports of any meeting with prime minister narendra modi on the issue.
sources, however, said that apart from the loya case, the use of words like democracy in india is at stake had worried the government.
privately, some bjp leaders said that indirectly the four judges had targeted the government.
these leaders construed it the unprecedented development as yet another effort by the lutyen's delhi class to politically assault modi.
they (the four judges) are fighting for personal reasons but trying to give it a political colour by saying that democracy is under threat, a bjp leader said.
top bjp leaders in private used words like an act of indiscipline while referring to the four judges and felt the issue would have no impact on the larger populace.
such issues are big for lutyen's delhi and not the people at large.
at best, this affects only 2 per cent of the population, a senior bjp leader said.
#bjp parliamentarian subramanian swamy, however, felt the prime minister should intervene.
we can't criticise them (the judges), they are men of great integrity and have sacrificed a lot of their legal career, where they could have made money as senior counsel.
.
.
.
we must respect them.
the pm must ensure the four judges and the chief justice of india come to one opinion and proceed further, swamy said.
the bjp dismissed it as his personal opinion.
another reason for concern for the bjp is the fact that one of the four judges, justice ranjan gogoi, is slated to become the next chief justice of indiathe supreme court after incumbent dipak misra retires in october.
sources said justice gogoi joining the dissenting team was a matter of grave concern and one of the reasons for the government to maintain its distance from friday's developments.
the entire lok sabha on friday condemned samajwadi party mp azam khans sexist remark against bjp member rama devi, which he had made on thursday while she was occupying the chair.
speaker om birla later met the leaders of all the parties and decided to ask azam to tender an unconditional apology, sources said.
on friday evening, the speakers office asked azam to appear before birla on monday and apologise in the house, pti reported.
it quoted sources as saying that if azam failed to apologise, a unanimous resolution authorising the speaker to take exemplary action against him was likely to be passed.
earlier in the house, opposition members had joined in the bjp demand for punishment, voiced by senior ministers such as nirmala sitharaman, smriti irani, ravishankarprasad prasad and pralhad joshi.
normally the matter would have been referred to the parliamentary ethics committee, but it has not been formed yet.
the bjp members said the speaker was well within his rights to act.
samajwadi members including azam, member from rampur in uttar pradesh, were absent when the matter was taken up during zero hour.
congress leader adhir chowdhury tried to put the controversy in perspective by recalling bjp members past comments about sonia gandhi, but angry ruling party members, particularly the women mps, shouted him down.
they demanded a unanimous condemnation of azam.
sitharaman, the defence minister, was livid at what she saw as a congress attempt at a qualified criticism of azams remark.
to politicise an issue related to women is outrageous.
we have to stand together, so why the hesitation in some?
why the dilemma?
why add riders?
she said.
the congress members gave up in the face of the uproar.
referring to azams comments, which have been expunged from the records, bhartruhari mahtab of the biju janata dal said: yesterday was the darkest day in parliament.
some members aired the traditional view that women were respected as sisters and mothers, and any insult to them was therefore unpardonable.
with the opposition members joining in the condemnation of azams comments, the house appeared to be sending out a reassuring message to ordinary women who have been facing harassment, discrimination and even violence every day.
irani was perhaps the most eloquent, saying: this is a blot on all legislators, including men.
we cannot remain silent spectators to it.
we have to speak in one voice that this is unacceptable.
she added: the entire nation watched yesterday what happened.
this house passed the sexual harassment of women at workplace bill.
i appeal to all to speak in one voice.
you cannot misbehave with a woman and get away with it by just dramatising it.
the 70-year-old rama devi, member from sheohar in bihar, asserted that azam had no right to stay in parliament.
he must apologise; he has never respected women.
we all know what he had said about jaya prada.
i will request the speaker to dismiss him, she said.
khan had tried to pacify her on thursday, saying: you are my sister, bahut pyari behen (beloved sister).
i have had a long political career; it is not possible for me to say anything bad.
if there is a single un-parliamentary word in what i said, then i declare my resignation from parliament.
new delhi, feb.
4: all decisions on spectrum allocation since 2003 by the nda as well as the upa governments were procedurally wrong and went against cabinet decisions, telecom minister kapil sibal quoted a committee as having concluded.
the ministers disclosure came a day after the counsel of a. raja told a court that all decisions of his client were approved by the cabinet.
sibal was briefing journalists on the report submitted by former supreme court judge shivaraj v. patil who probed the procedures in 2g allocation.
whatever was followed previously was followed even today; it was wrong previously, it is wrong even now, he said.
sibal said the procedures adopted from 2003 onwards were against the decisions taken and opinion offered by the union cabinet and the telecom regulator, trai, in october 2003.
sibal pointed out that his predecessor had said he was not deviating from the previous policies (the nda government) but the problem was that the previous policies were wrong.
trai had suggested in 2003 that additional telecom players could be introduced through multi-stage bidding process and the cabinet accepted it in 2003.
but the nda did not follow the same.
sibal said the findings on procedural lapses were being sent to the cbi, which is looking into the criminal culpability in the scam.
departmental action would be initiated against the officials who have been named in the report.
about 17 officials and past telecom ministers have been held responsible for not following the policy in a transparent manner, sibal said but declined to give names.
arun shourie was telecom minister in the nda government during the period.
he was followed by dmk representatives dayanidhi maran and a. raja during the upas tenure since may 2004.
the report did not indicate any revenue loss, sibal said as it was not in the terms of reference of the probe.
the cag had put the presumptive loss at rs 1.
76 lakh crore while the cbi had pegged it far lower at rs 22,000 crore.
blaming the opposition, which had stalled parliament demanding a joint parliamentary committee probe, sibal said the nda government operated contrary to the decision of its own cabinet.
the minister said the improper policy of first-come-first-served for allocating spectrum was started during the nda government.
those who are making allegations today are the ones who actually began it.
why wasnt there an inquiry then?
ministers who did not follow cabinet decisions were not questioned, sibal said.
trai in its recommendations on october 27, 2003, had said no spectrum should be bundled with licence and there should be multi-stage bidding for allocating airwaves.
kipal said: but the department of telecom did not follow it.
all spectrum allocations, be it start-up 4.
4 mhz, 6.
2 mhz or additional airwaves, were wrong.
the ones who are accusing now are the ones who are at fault, sibal iterated.
he said there were also questions why the bureaucracy helped them.
the probe committee said that since 2001, the internal procedures adopted by the telecom department and the government had not been in tune with the policies of the government.
it has held that dot decisions on granting unified access service licences (uasl) and spectrum right from 2003 onwards, including the actions in 2007-08, were neither consistent with the decisions of the union cabinet in 2003 nor the recommendations of the telecom regulator.
on the controversial decision of raja to advance the cut-off date to consider granting licences, the committee found that it was neither according to procedures nor did it meet the requirements set out in law.
bjp chief spokesperson ravishankarprasad prasad said: the party will comprehensively respond after going through the contents of the report.
however, this whole attempt is also designed to bail out raja and the illegalities committed by him.
sticking to the demand for a jpc, he said: the nda has nothing to hide.
we have ourselves said that let the jpc examine every allocation from 1998 itself.
quoting the report, sibal said the dot did not follow the advice of the law ministry or the views of the finance ministry on pricing spectrum.
the dot deviated from telecom policy in 2003.
the nda government did not consult trai in 2003 on new licenses, he added.
the entry fee for new operators was not revised between 2003-2008, the minister said.
there were no details of how the october 2007 cut-off date was fixed, sibal said.
the patil committee has recommended reforms in allocation of spectrum and penalty for hoarding the scarce resource.
union minister ravishankarprasad prasad addresses a poll meeting in bhagalpur.
picture by amit kumar union law minister and senior state bjp leader ravishankarprasad prasad on sunday called upon voters not to get influenced by nitish kumar and lalu prasads pseudo approaches.
addressing a poll meeting at the tnb collegiate school grounds in the afternoon, the union minister introduced himself thus: do you know me or have you heard my name?
i am ravishankarprasad prasad, the patna high court lawyer for whom lalu prasad went to jail in the fodder scam case.
he said, two senior leaders (lalu and nitish) who fought pitched battles during lok sabha polls have now joined hands with the congress to derail bihar.
have you watched how dabangg was followed by dabangg 2?
now jungle raj 1 is already here and the duo are ready to show you jungle raj 2 while taking your valuable votes, he said.
he said bihar is looking for change, but lalu and nitish with help from the congress, want to establish old social evils.
the general budget provided an iim to the state and a textile cluster for development of weavers in bhagalpur, he said.
addressing a poll meeting, bjp leader nand kishore yadav said the mahagathbandan (rjd, jdu and congress alliance) is actually a mahathagbandhan (a big fraud).
jamui mp chirag paswan (ljp) said sonia or rahul gandhi were not inviting lalu to poll meetings because of the fodder scam case.
do you have faith in leaders like lalu whose misdeeds have already been exposed, he asked.
a bjp press note said ravishankarprasad and sushil kumar modi would campaign for nda candidates in hajipur and chhapra on monday.
rjd campaign madhepuras rjd mp pappu yadav said at poll meeting in bari khanjarpur that the bjp won lok sabha polls by projecting a golden dream and is now trying the same for the bypolls.
he blamed the public for the state of affairs they removed leaders like lalu or nitish.
what were their faults?
(from top) tv footage shows the assault; bhushan addresses the media after the attack; inder verma, who hit bhushan.
(pti) new delhi, oct.
12: three youths suspected to be part of a fringe outfit roughed up lawyer-activist prashant bhushan in his chamber today for a statement on kashmir, the assault captured live by a channel that was interviewing the team anna member.
no one except the channels crew and one member of bhushans staff was around when the youths barged into his usually congested office right outside the supreme court a little after 4 in the afternoon when court work had ended for the day.
the busy bhagwan das road separates the heavily guarded court complex from the lawyers chambers, where anyone can walk in any time.
hes otherwise fine.
we dont apprehend any major injuries, junior advocate rohit singh said from rml hospital, where bhushan, 55, was rushed for an immediate ct scan.
sir hit his head when he fell, singh said, explaining a swelling in bhushans head.
recently, bhushan had reportedly said that if kashmiris didnt want to stay in india, they should have the freedom to do so.
he had also agreed with a suggestion that a referendum could be held to determine the wishes of the people there, a view that has many opponents in political parties such as the bjp, which advocates a hard-line stand, to ultra-nationalist fringe bodies.
advocate singh said there might have been two or three assailants.
one or two of them escaped in the commotion as soon as we rushed in, he said.
sir was lying on the floor when we went in.
we thought he had a fit or something, till we saw a guy hitting him.
one of the assailants was later arrested and taken to tilak marg police station that adjoins the apex court.
tv footage showed the soft-spoken, wiry lawyer being slapped across his face and head, punched and kicked.
bhushan is shown trying to fend off the blows.
in the process, he slipped down from his chair and fell on the floor, singh said.
the youth was shouting that bhushan had to pay for what he said on kashmir.
he also shouted: jai shri ram.
police were questioning the youth identified as inder verma.
an fir has been registered under sections 323 (causing voluntary hurt), 452 (trespass) and 120b (criminal conspiracy), delhi police spokesperson rajan bhagat said.
investigations are still on.
initial reports had suggested that he belonged to the shri ram sene, a little-known outfit with ideologies similar to that of the rashtriya swayamsevak sangh.
a mail sent to some reporters also claimed this.
another outfit, the bhagat singh kranti sena, also claimed responsibility for the assault.
a self-styled member of the outfit, tejinder pal bagga, spoke on the phone to some tv channels.
if you break my country, i will break your face, he reportedly told a channel and claimed that he fled the scene after raining blows on bhushan, son of former law minister shanti bhushan, also a member of anna hazares team.
the father-son duo were part of the joint drafting committee on the lokpal bill and have been pushing for a tough law to check corruption.
the initial reaction of the sangh, which had been in the past defensive about the ram sene, was cautious.
later, when the bhagat singh kranti sena claimed responsibility, the rss condemned the act as reprehensible.
spokesperson ram madhav said: it is well known that kashmir issues (bhushans support for a referendum in kashmir was the ostensible spur) attract divergent views.
however, these should be contested only through democratic means.
resorting to violence is not acceptable.
a look at the websites of the ram sene and the bhagat singh sena showed that, like the rss, their pet obsessions were also national integrity, congresss corruption and the governments failure to execute parliament attack convict afzal guru and 26/11 attacker ajmal kasab.
bjp spokesperson ravishankarprasad prasad said democracy did not permit this kind of violence and demanded that the police should look into the larger ramifications of the act.
the congress condemned the barbaric attack.
no words are strong enough to condemn the attack, said spokesperson abhishek singhvi.
home minister p. chidambaram said he had directed delhi police commissioner b.k. gupta to take appropriate action against the people involved in the attack.
guwahati, jan.
10: the bjp today trained its guns on prime minister manmohan singh and the congress-led upa regime ahead of the lok sabha elections for the deprivation of assam.
the party has set up a sub-committee to prepare a chargesheet against the alleged failings of the central government.
ravi shankar prasad, deputy leader of the bjp in rajya sabha and head of the sub-committee, said today that assam would feature prominently on the chargesheet since the prime minister has been a rajya sabha member from the state since 1991.
speaking at a news conference here today, prasad said, we urge the prime minister to please tell the country what he did for assam, the state he has represented for the past 22 years.
he said the prime minister has used assam only for his political advancement without giving anything in return.
we also want to know why assam has been deprived when so many government schemes were implemented in rahul gandhis lok sabha constituency of amethi and sonia gandhis rai bareilly in uttar pradesh he said.
prasad said during his tenure as mp and prime minister, singh has not been able to set up even a single big industry in the state.
he said that during the atal bihari vajpayee regime of the bjp-led nda, maximum emphasis was laid on infrastructure development in the northeast and a separate ministry (doner ministry) was created for this purpose.
the upa government has curtailed funds for the ministry, which in turn has slowed the progress of many important infrastructure projects, prasad said.
he assured the people that his party would oppose the land boundary agreement (constitutional amendment) bill.
he labelled the introduction of the constitutional amendment bill in the rajya sabha just before the winter session was declared closed sine die as a conspiracy.
the bjp leader condemned singh, rahul and sonia gandhi for remaining silent on the attacks on hindus in bangladesh.
he also criticised the centre for not sealing the indo-bangladesh border in assam for political interest since the illegal migrants comprised votebank for the congress.
rahul and sonia gandhi have forgotten the assam accord, which was signed by rajiv gandhi, he alleged.
there has been unabated rhino poaching as the assam government was not acting against illegal migrants living near the kaziranga national park and are involved in poaching because they act as a vote bank, he alleged.
prasad, along with bjp deputy leader in lok sabha gopinath munde and spokesperson nirmala sitharaman, who are also in the sub-committee, are in guwahati since yesterday to take the views from a cross-section of society, to draw out its chargesheet on the theme the dark decade of malgovernance.
they have met intellectuals, experts and members of the partys units in the northeastern states and heard their grievances against the upa government for incorporating in the chargesheet.
saying that only the bjp and not the aam aadmi party could be a viable alternative to the congress, prasad dared arvind kejriwal to take action against sheila dixit for corruption during the commonwealth games.
on the devyani khobragade episode, prasad said the centre could have handled the issue better and that the foreign policy of the manmohan singh government was a disaster.
our special correspondenttech that: union it minister ravishankarprasad prasad with others at ashok nagar in ranchi on monday.
(manob chowdhary)ranchi: union it minister ravishankarprasad prasad on monday inaugurated two bpos here and announced that seven more call centres - five in the state capital and one each in dhanbad and deoghar - would come up by september under the rs 483-crore india bpo promotion scheme.
the bpos, rtik printech private limited at kadru and sri publication & stationers (private) limited at ashok nagar, would initially engage 50 people each and gradually scale it up to 150.
i regularly monitor the progress of all such projects inaugurated by me.
give employment to youths since our bpos are fetching a lot of work orders from the us and the uk.
you, too, should be getting work orders from abroad.
i will get back to you later and seek the progress report, prasad told the management of the ashok nagar bpo after its inauguration.
under the scheme, 48,300 bpos would be set up across the country which would hire approximately 4.
50 lakh people.
women and specially abled persons will be given priority during recruitments, the minister said.
prasad, who is also the union law minister, said 91 bpos had already been set up in 88 cities and towns under the scheme.
after becoming the it minister in 2014, i visited bangalore to interact with technology majors.
there i met a large number of youths from bihar, jharkhand, up and other states who worked at various bpos.
they asked me to do something so that they can work somewhere close to their homes since the cost of living was very high in karnataka capital.
that day i decided to do something for them, he said.
the minister said 121 crore people now have aadhaar and 45 crore smart phones.
your smart phone is your portable computer and aadhaar number an authentic identity proof.
maximise the use of it for positive growth, he added.
prasad also interacted with representatives of different sections of society and asked them to tell the common masses how the narendra modi government was working for the country's positive growth on various fronts.
he also held a meeting with chief minister raghubar das.
guwahati, april 20: the gujarat model of development held centrestage again today with the congress questioning its credibility and the bjp counter-attacking by raising questions on upas contribution towards assam, as the state inched towards the final round of polling on thursday.
assam chief minister tarun gogoi kicked off another war of words by alleging the bjps prime ministerial candidate and gujarat chief minister narendra modi was leaving no stone unturned to mislead the people on the issue of development in his state and assam.
he said modi was dishing out fiction about the two states.
modi has said only 45 per cent of women in assam are literate.
but according to the last census, 67 per cent women are literate in the state.
according to official statistics, 54.
5 per cent households in assam have access to drinking water, while modi has misled the people by saying that 98 per cent households do not have drinking water facility, gogoi told reporters here this morning.
the chief ministers attack came a day after modi said gogoi and his son were pushing the state to an impending doom.
delhi me ma-bete or assam me baap-bete ki sarkar ne logoko dubaya, modi said during rallies in mangaldoi and nagaon yesterday, in a jibe aimed at sonia gandhi-rahul and tarun gogoi-gaurav.
gogoi said modi had no moral right even to utter a single word against the upa chairperson sonia gandhi because it was the upa government which had implemented revolutionary schemes like right to education, mahatma gandhi national rural employment guarantee scheme, national rural health mission, right to information act and food security scheme.
modi is talking of rhino killings in assam.
but he is not talking about infant mortality in his state.
he is talking too much about rhino killing because my forest minister is a muslim.
bjp remembers assam and the northeast only when the elections are around the corner, gogoi said.
on the other hand, bjp national spokesperson ravishankarprasad prasad today hit back at gogoi for criticising modis gujarat model of development by asking, has manmohan singh been able to set up even a single big industry in assam during his 10-year tenure as prime minister?
i want to ask tarun gogoi, has any major power plant been set up in assam during manmohan singhs tenure?
there was neither industry nor infrastructure development in the state during the upa rule, he said.
the prime minister, a rajya sabha mp from assam for the past 24 years, has meted out step-motherly treatment to the people and i am saying it with full sense of responsibility, prasad said.
when gogoi is talking so much about modis model of development, i want to know what he has to say on robert vadras business model.
the wall street journal has detailed how vadra amassed property worth more than rs 300 crore by making an investment of only rs 5 lakh in about eight months, he said.
i also want to ask sonia gandhi how is it and why is it that the assam accord signed by her late husband was frustrated by her own government?
he asked.
he alleged that the congress, the aiudf and the agp had a hidden understanding to polarise votes against the bjp in assam.
prasad said if the bjp comes to power, it would give top priority to the northeast.
our special correspondentnew delhi, oct.
13: the bjp today gunned for the congress over the rohingya muslim refugees, in what appeared to be an attempt to play the communal and national security card to gain political advantage in poll-bound gujarat.
rahul gandhi and the congress should make their stand clear on the issue (of rohingyas), amit shah said in ahmedabad, underlining how former ministers p. chidambaram and shashi tharoor had written to the prime minister on thursday favouring shelter for the refugees.
he also pointed out that another former minister, kapil sibal, was fighting the case of rohingya muslims in court.
the attempt was to project the congress as favouring asylum to the community disregarding national security concerns.
shah accused the congress of not caring about national security and alleged the borders on the eastern side were left porous during previous governments while the narendra modi government had fortified it by deployment of forces and constant vigil.
party managers believe the public mood is vehemently against providing asylum to rohingyas.
as former home minister, how can mr chidambaram be oblivious to the challenges india faces on national security?
law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said.
front page > bihar > news in brief news in brief plea of rebel mlas patna: the high court on thursday reserved its order on the appeal of rebel jdu mlas, challenging the termination of membership from the assembly by speaker uday narayan chaudhary.
he four rebel legislators had filed the petition on november 3.
drug scam patna: special vigilance judge choudhary brijendra kumar rai on thursday directed his office to issue non bailable warrants to office superintendent anand bihar, former clerk vishnudhari thakur and patna medical college and hospital clerk raj kumar in connection with the medicine scam.
power art patna: ntpc organised a painting competition on power conservation on thursday.
stamps patna: bihar hindi sahitya sammelan spokesman ajay kumar on thursday asked union minister ravishankarprasad prasad to issue commemorative postal stamps in the name of hindi litterateurs.
varsity head patna: governor d.y. patil on thursday directed officials concerned to start the appointment process for the aryabhatta knowledge university vice-chancellor.
nurse strike patna: around 60 contract nurses of patna medical college and hospital went on strike on thursday in demand of regularisation of their services.
new delhi, sept.
6: the bjp today slammed the arrest of former mps faggan singh kulaste and mahavir bhagora in the cash-for-votes scam, dubbing it the centurys scandal as the party sought to make a distinction between whistleblowers and bribe-givers.
the party also alleged that police investigations were silent on who the principal beneficiaries of the scam were and demanded a deeper probe into the role of the congress.
but sources said the bjp was uncomfortable about the arrest of its former mps and even more worried about the alleged role of sudheendra kulkarni, who has also been chargesheeted by delhi police.
kulkarni was accused of setting up sitting mp ashok argal, kulaste and bhagora to put themselves on sale in the political blackmarket to prove that the upa was purchasing support to keep itself in power.
since argal is still an mp, the cbi has asked the speaker for permission to act against him.
kulkarni was l.k. advanis key political adviser in the run-up to the 2009 elections.
most bjp leaders suffered him silently because of his closeness to advani.
however, after the lok sabha rout under advanis leadership, kulkarni exited from the party.
many also held him responsible for misguiding advani and prompting him to make laudatory references to m.a. jinnah when they visited pakistan in 2005.
kulkarni wrote advanis speeches.
kulkarni, who was summoned by a delhi court today, is away in the us for his daughters admission to a college in massachusetts.
in public though, the bjp gunned for the congress.
who was the beneficiary of this arrangement?
spokesperson rajiv pratap rudy asked.
it was the upa government, it was manmohan singh.
and how come nothing has been done against those that benefited?
rudy said it was the biggest scandal of the century which happened in parliament and added that it was a matter of concern that the major charge of who the beneficiaries were had not been clarified.
the partys main contention was it was wrong to club whistleblowers with bribe-givers.
another spokesperson, ravishankarprasad prasad, said initiating action against the whistleblower mps was completely malafide.
new delhi, oct.
13: senior congress politicians today heaped further condemnation on the government for politically exploiting the cross-loc surgical strikes ahead of the punjab and uttar pradesh elections.
some of them, who had had initial reservations about rahul gandhi's  dalali barb, now say that such a forceful counter was necessary.
they believe that the strikes were a pre-conceived tactic to divert the electoral discourse from the bjp's failed promises.
we couldn't have allowed this to go unchallenged, a senior party official said.
a series of tweets from party general secretary digvijaya singh and former external affairs minister salman khurshid have added to the party's official denunciations.
digvijaya has accused prime minister narendra modi of using the surgical strikes to try and win the upcoming elections, while khurshid has said the brave military is being used for cheap, devious politics.
recalling the prime minister's words at the recent bjp national executive in kozhikode, digvijaya tweeted: shouldn't india and pakistan be fighting against hunger and malnutrition together rather than fighting each other?
modi's direct remarks to the pakistani people stressing the need to fight poverty were hailed as an extraordinary gesture by the bjp, with minister ravishankarprasad prasad instantly declaring the prime minister a global statesman.
but these sentiments seemed to have been quickly forgotten as ministers and other bjp politicians began a public extravaganza of bellicosity and muscle-flexing.
sangh chief mohan bhagwat too joined in, hailing the surgical strikes as a befitting response to pakistan in his vijaya dashmi address.
posters lionising modi have been mushrooming across uttar pradesh.
the congress attaches little significance to the prime minister's  yuddha (war) to buddha remarks in this context, dismissing them as image management and accusing him of masterminding the political propaganda over the surgical strikes.
war-monger modi is slowly getting india in a war-like situation with pakistan.
he sees this as the only option to win the next election, digvijaya said.
but by doing this, he is only strengthening (the) isi and pakistani army clique and weakening the political leadership.
can two nations armed with nuclear weapons afford a war?
he added: please for god (sic) sake and for (the) sake of our children's future, pakistan and india should stop playing war games and come to the negotiating table.
digvijaya has been the first senior congress politician to suggest a dialogue in this hostile atmosphere.
khurshid has questioned the government's sincerity and alleged that the war hysteria is being worked up for political purposes.
felt not be harsh on bjp and gave unqualified support for action.
but bhakts convince they will use brave military for cheap, devious politics, he tweeted.
the bjp cadres (are) pathetically dragging military into coarse and shameful debate.
our admirable forces must be above controversy and petty politics.
khurshid argued that unity, not idle negative divisive chatter of namo-twitters, will serve the nation.
he tweeted: pm modi sheds tears for syria children.
bhakts attacked me for mentioning them.
but no tear for children in kashmir.
creed of killer matters?
modi had in his dussehra speech in lucknow spoken of his pain at seeing the images of suffering syrian children on television.
khurshid had been castigated by trolls when he tweeted a few days ago: the tragedy of children of kashmir, balochistan, syria, afghanistan, palestine.
.
.
etc equally painful.
pathetic that we pick and choose for politics.
new delhi, july 10 (pti): political parties today pushed for electoral reforms in the light of the supreme court verdict on disqualification of lawmakers as the government said it would hold consultations before deciding on the next step.
most parties reacted cautiously, saying the verdict was important but that they would have to study it before offering comment.
we will first read the verdict and see its impact on politics.
we shall consult everybody and give our reaction, law minister kapil sibal said.
sibal refused to say if the government would appeal against the verdict or amend the representation of the people act to overturn it, stressing that any decision would be taken after consulting everyone, including political parties.
congress general secretary ajay maken said the party had always been supportive of electoral reforms.
as far as this order is concerned, we will see what the supreme court has said, he said.
bjp vice-president mukhtar abbas naqvi also spoke of the need to expedite electoral reforms.
everybody is in favour of free and fair polls as it relates to the credibility of democracy and parliamentary system.
.
.
elections should be free of muscle and money power, the bjp leader said.
his party colleague, ravishankarprasad prasad, said he would not like to comment because he had not seen the verdict.
the bjp always welcomes any step aimed at purifying and strengthening the political system.
serious questions having wider ramifications about this issue have been raised from time to time, he said.
the provision allowing legislators to contest elections after obtaining a stay on the conviction while barring other convicts had been described as discrimination against those who are not mps and mlas, prasad conceded.
describing the judgment as an important one, cpi leader d. raja said: it is going to have a very serious implication on the entire polity.
political parties will have to study the judgment so that they will get benefited.
they will have to educate their own cadres.
the question is how this is going to be implemented, he said.
the election commission will have to study the judgment and parliament will have to take a position on the representation of the people act, the cpi leader said.
(from left) bjp leaders sushma swaraj, nitin gadkari, lk advani and arun jaitley at the meeting in new delhi on tuesday.
picture by ramakant kushwaha new delhi, nov.
20: senior bjp leader yashwant sinha today left his party squirming two days ahead of parliaments winter session by suddenly re-igniting the nitin gadkari controversy and demanding his resignation as party president.
sinha dropped his bombshell at a time bjp leaders were busy discussing with nda partners their strategy to corner the government in the house.
after the meeting, the bjp publicly rapped sinha and appealed for restraint but by then the damage had been done.
whether our party president is guilty (of charges of financial irregularities) or not is not the issue today.
the issue is that all of us in public life should be beyond reproach, sinha, mp from jharkhand, told pti.
the comments are particularly embarrassing for the bjp because it wants to attack the centre on corruption in parliament and, to build the mood, has planned a countrywide hulla bol campaign tomorrow in which gadkari was scheduled to participate.
the gadkari controversy had appeared to be ebbing after a clean chit to him by sangh ideologue and chartered accountant s. gurumurthy, who had studied the balance sheet and accounts of the purti group of companies backed by the bjp chief.
sinha, however, took a dig at the gurumurthy episode saying the party had let down the people of india.
.
.
by taking the easy way out through a questionable method of self-certification.
the rap came soon.
principal bjp spokesperson ravishankarprasad prasad said: being a senior leader, all party forums are available for mr sinha to voice his views.
instead he chose to go public.
the party does not approve it and urges the leader to reconsider his stand.
sinha had by then dismissed the party forums idea, saying he had been forced to go public because the bjp had failed to address his concerns.
i am issuing the statement with a great deal of sadness and regret and after exhausting the forums in the party, he told pti.
we have deeply disappointed those who were looking towards us to fight the mind-boggling corruption of the congress party.
earlier, demands for gadkaris head had come from party rajya sabha mp and lawyer ram jethmalani and his son mahesh, who quit the bjp national executive in protest against gadkaris continuation.
sinhas comments are significant as he is a senior leader and a member of the bjps think-tank that formulates parliamentary strategies.
party sources indicated a huge churning was going on in the bjp over gadkari.
more such bombs will explode in the near future, a senior leader said.
the bjp today chose not to be too ambitious in its parliamentary strategy and decided to align with the wider opposition by endorsing the idea of pressing for a debate and vote on fdi in retail.
it treaded cautiously on the idea of a no-trust motion, floated by mamata banerjee.
the nda has decided to move a notice to demand a debate and vote on fdi in parliament as the government had violated its solemn promise to parliament by implementing the decision without proper consultations with all stakeholders, spokesperson prasad said, urging all political parties to support the move.
on the proposed no-confidence motion, he said the nda would consult all the political parties on the possibility.
he declined to answer questions relating to mamatas appeal for support.
law and it minister ravishankarprasad prasad with finance minister arun jaitley in new delhi on wednesday.
picture by ramakant kushwahanew delhi, jan.
18: the union cabinet today approved the listing of five state-run general insurance companies - general insurance corporation, new india insurance, oriental insurance corporation, national insurance corporation and united insurance company - on the bourses.
the listing will be done through fresh share issues, finance minister arun jaitley said after today's cabinet meeting.
the government holding in these companies will gradually come down to 75 per cent from 100 per cent, the minister said.
the possibility of the listing of state-run general insurers was announced in last year's budget by jaitley.
public shareholding in government-owned companies is a means of ensuring higher levels of transparency and accountability.
to promote this objective, the general insurance companies owned by the government will be listed on the bourses, he had said.
according to officials, these ipos could be floated after share splits to make them affordable to retail investors, though the main target will be banks, pension funds, mutual funds, fiis and sovereign wealth funds.
new india and gic have already taken board approvals for floating their initial public offers.
new india, founded by the tatas at the end of world war i and nationalised in the 1970s, has assets of over rs 60,000 crore and premium income of over rs 18,000 crore.
analysts believe a 10 per cent share float could fetch rs 5,000 crore.
gic is the country's sole reinsurance company with total assets of rs 80,000 crore and has reserves of nearly rs 14,000 crore.
a similar 10 per cent float in gic could easily fetch the government rs 8,000 crore, analysts said.
the general insurance industry has welcomed the decision even as the general insurance employees union opposed the move and instead demanded a merger of these insurers into a single monolithic corporation.
we welcome the government decision.
we are awaiting further directions such as the timeline, valuation to go ahead, national insurance company chairman sanath kumar told a news agency.
new india assurance chairman g srinivasan said, we will now start the process and it may take six to eight months from now.
our board will meet shortly to take a call on the listing process.
a gic official said: it makes sense to come up with an ipo now when gic is a strong monopoly.
we will open up re-insurance eventually but for many years from now that opening will be partial.
officials feel listing will have other benefits, including making state-run insurers more accountable.
details on our financial performances, business growth as well as future expectations from business have been sought by the ministry officials, said a senior official in a psu general insurer.
sources said the listing process will be finalised over the next few weeks.
based on financial performance, new india assurance could be the first to hit the market.
our legal correspondentnew delhi: the law commission has recommended to the centre compensation to victims of custodial torture and deterrent punishment that may include life imprisonment of the perpetrators.
the recommendations assume significance against the backdrop of frequent allegations that police resort to third-degree torture to extract confessions and statements from the accused.
the commission's report, authored by its chairperson justice (retd) b.s. chauhan, was submitted to union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad on monday.
it also suggested that the country should ratify the un convention against torture to tackle the difficulties in extraditing criminals.
the law commission is a statutory body whose assistance is often sought by the supreme court and the high courts in evolving contemporary laws.
however, the recommendations are not binding on the government.
while deciding on what amounts to torture by a public servant, the commission has suggested a definition wide enough to include inflicting injury, either intentionally or involuntarily, or even an attempt to cause injury, physical, mental or psychological.
based on the analysis of various aspects of torture, the commission has prepared a draft prevention of torture bill, 2017, which it annexed to the report submitted to the government.
the commission made the following recommendations:* ratification of the un convention against torture to tide over the difficulties in getting criminals extradited* amendments to the criminal procedure code, 1973, and the indian evidence act, 1872, to accommodate provisions regarding compensation and vesting the burden of proof on accused officers that they are not involved in torture* stringent punishment to curb the menace of custodial torture, including life imprisonment and fine* courts should decide on compensation after taking into account various facets of each case, such as the nature, purpose, extent and manner of injury, including mental agony caused to the victim.
the courts will bear in mind the socio-economic background of the victim and will ensure that the compensation covers the expenses on treatment and rehabilitation* effective mechanism to protect the victims of torture, the complainants and the witnesses against possible threats, violence or ill treatment* the state should own the responsibility for the injuries caused by its agents on citizens, and that the principle of sovereign immunity cannot override the rights assured by the constitution.
our special correspondentm.
venkaiah naidunew delhi: rajya sabha chairman m. venkaiah naidu has decided to cancel a dinner he was to host for members on wednesday, reflecting a near-complete conversation breakdown between the government and the opposition over the continuing impasse in the house.
the president and the prime minister too had been invited for the dinner, the first that naidu was to have hosted since being elected vice-president.
sources said specialist cooks - who were to have come from andhra pradesh - had been asked to cancel their train reservations.
although parliament has not functioned for a day since the post-recess part of the budget session started on march 5, naidu had hoped that things would improve from this week and had planned his dinner accordingly.
but there was no let-up in the disruptions.
, with parties like the aiadmk and the trs picketing the well.
naidu informed the members of his decision to cancel the dinner at the daily leaders' meeting in his chamber this morning.
his contention was it wouldn't be proper to go ahead when the house had not functioned for over a fortnight.
opposition parties, however, claimed there had been no attempt from the government to break the deadlock.
opposition wants parliament to run.
but it can't run.
because a government on the run is running away.
and, deliberately not allowing the house to run.
in fact, the only thing the government is running is circles around democracy, trinamul's derek o'brien said.
earlier in the house, leader of opposition ghulam nabi azad said: no effort has been made by the government to end the impasse in the house.
the opposition is interested in the functioning of the house.
according to him, 10 parties in the opposition were one in wanting a discussion on the irregularities in psu banks, special status for andhra pradesh and the kaveri water tribunal.
law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said the government was open to discussions on the banking sector but would want its scope widened to include the pre-narendra modi years.
chief minister tarun gogoi meets hrd minister smriti irani on tuesday.
(pti) guwahati, july 8: assam chief minister tarun gogoi today pushed for the creation of an upper house and an indian institute of management (iim) in the state.
during his interaction with union minister for law and justice ravishankarprasad prasad in new delhi today, gogoi requested the introduction of the assam legislative council bill, 2013, for creating an upper house in the ongoing budget session of parliament.
gogoi, according to the cmo, briefed prasad about the sequence of events leading to the clearance of the second chamber for assam by the union cabinet on november 28, 2013 and the standing committee in february 2014 in the larger public interest as it would provide adequate representation to various communities and groups and strengthen the composite character of the state thus fanning goodwill for the governments, both at the centre and the state.
our government has been all along pressing the centre for an upper house in the assam legislative assembly.
the introduction of the bill in the ongoing budget session of parliament would pave the way for fulfilment of a long-standing demand of the people of the state, gogoi said.
he also sought assistance to set up 27 fast-track courts in each district at a cost of rs 1 crore each, besides recurring expenses of rs 32 crore.
gogoi requested financial support to the tune of rs 367.
70 crore to set up the national law university and judicial academy.
the planning commission has already sanctioned rs 75 crore.
the chief minister also sought rs 450 crore as financial support from the ministry of law and justice for infrastructure development of the judicial courts, buildings and judges quarters in the state.
gogoi then met union minister for human resource development smriti zubin irani to help facilitate establishment of an iim in guwahati, the cmo said this evening.
like prasad, gogoi also met irani at shastri bhawan in new delhi, promising to provide the required land for establishment of the institute.
the only iim in the northeast is in shillong in neighbouring meghalaya.
the three-time chief minister apprised irani about the need for an iim following the coming up of a number of management institutes in the state as well as private sectors.
gogoi also sought financial support to the tune of rs 1,200 crore for infrastructure development of 10 state universities and rs 250 crore for setting up of a womens university.
the chief minister also called on president pranab mukherjee.
having gone to delhi to attend a review of the lok sabha poll results, gogoi has been meeting the new central ministers, apprising them of the needs of a problematic state like assam.
yesterday, he had met prime minister narendra modi.
piyush srivastavasri sri ravi shankarlucknow: a self-proclaimed descendent of the mughals has offered to mediate in the ram janmabhoomi-babri masjid dispute.
yaqub habeebuddin tucy, a businessman in hyderabad, held a news conference in ayodhya on wednesday and claimed that by virtue of being a descendant of babar, he was a natural mutwalli (caretaker) of the babri masjid.
earlier, art of living founder sri sri ravishankarprasad had offered to be a mediator, but several stakeholders in the land dispute rejected it.
on tuesday, waseem rizvi, chairman of the uttar pradesh shia central waqf board, met ravishankarprasad in bangalore and suggested that he initiate talks with only those who were in favour of an amicable solution to the problem.
tucy, who too has met ravishankarprasad , reached ayodhya on wednesday and met the mahanths of the nirmohi akhara, which is a party to the ram janmabhoomi-babri masjid case that is pending in the supreme court.
tucy also held meetings with iqbal ansari and haji mahboob, two plaintiffs.
i may move the supreme court to seek my right to become a caretaker of the babri masjid and then i will try to sort out the issue, tucy told reporters.
on tuesday, he had handed a memorandum to waqf minister laxmi narayan chaudhary and demanded that he be appointed as the mosque's caretaker.
members of the sunni board had refused to give him an audience.
i recently met ravishankarprasad to discuss the issue.
we all want a solution to the problem, said tucy, who had first offfered himself as a mediator 10 years ago.
ram temple is associated with the beliefs of crores of people of the majority community, tucy added, parroting the bjp and the vishwa hindu parishad.
ansari and mahboob, the paintiffs who had turned down ravi shankar's wish, said after meeting tucy that some people were either doing a publicity stunt or they were agents of the bjp.
although the sunni board is an integral part of the case, tucy said he wanted to keep it away from the negotiation table.
he also suggested that the shia board stop pursuing its case in the apex court to become a party to the case.
narendra modi new delhi, aug.
2: narendra modi believes the bjp must tap peoples anger against the upa, build on it till next years general election, offer palliatives and present an alternative vision to the last voter in every poling booth.
this was his refrain in two strategy sessions he held yesterday  the first with the rsss senior office-bearers and the second with the members of the bjps central campaign committee that he heads.
the first effort to channel, mould and shape the perceived anger at the centre into something tangible would be a chargesheet against the manmohan singh government.
a four-member sub-panel, headed by rajya sabha mp ravishankarprasad prasad, began working on it today.
spokesperson and panel member nirmala sitharaman said the initiative represented the first such effort to reach out directly to people instead of just specialists.
anger, she said, was an overarching sentiment provoked by myriad reasons, some general and some person-specific.
our workers have already provided inputs.
now we will travel across the country to engage with people because the reasons for the anger may vary from region to region.
obviously, we cannot enshrine each and every reason in the chargesheet.
but the inputs will be collated and put into perspective, another member said.
prasad described the mass-contact drive as a dialogue with an india that is suffering and is feeling insecure, and said social networking sites would be tapped.
although members said they were not working to a deadline, modi is learnt to have asked for the chargesheet to be readied in a month to offer campaigners talking points.
yesterdays sessions also discussed another aspect the bjp considers vital to its goal of amassing a critical mass of 180-plus lok sabha seats.
most leaders agree that the bjp and its allies are in a serious fight in 356 of the 542 lok sabha seats.
if bengal (42), undivided andhra (42), tamil nadu (39) and kerala (20) are added, the target shoots up by 143.
the four states are practically virgin territories for the bjp.
in 1999, when it rode on the crest of the atal bihari vajpayee wave, it picked up two seats in bengal.
initially, the view was that rather than direct energies and resources into fanning into uncharted terrain, the bjp should focus on its core strengths and maximise the gains there.
but modi later stressed the party must try to win each and every seat, including those in the north-eastern states.
these have been almost inaccessible so far because the ethnic and religious compositions of the region, barring assam, do not fit into the bjps pro-hindu outlook.
modis message is that bjp workers even in hostile states like mizoram and manipur must be mobilised to beef-up booths.
there may be a lot of enthusiasm for the party but unless voters show up to vote, the enthusiasm is wasted, a campaign committee member said.
the rss has directed its affiliates, notably the vishwa hindu parishad and the bajrang dal, to mobilise cadres for the 2014 battle.
the sangh has put its members into action with a now-or-never message of urgency, a source said.
our special correspondentravi shankar prasadnew delhi: the centre has said it is examining the desirability of filing a review petition against last week's supreme court order diluting the sc-st act, ending days of dithering amid mounting pressure from allies and dalit bjp parliamentarians.
i have instructed my ministry to examine the desirability of filing a review in this case.
appropriate actions are being taken, union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said at a news conference on thursday.
on march 20, the apex court had ruled that public servants and private citizens accused under the scheduled castes and scheduled tribes (prevention of atrocities) act cannot be arrested without sanction from their appointing authority or the senior superintendent of police, respectively.
the act mandates immediate arrest and bars courts from granting anticipatory bail to the accused.
but the apex court held that anticipatory bail can be granted if it is found, prima facie, that the complaint was meant to blackmail or harass the accused.
it added that before an fir is registered, a preliminary inquiry may be carried out to make sure the complaint is not frivolous or motivated, and that the case does fall within the ambit of the act.
several bjp allies like the lok janshakti party, rashtriya lok samata party and the republican party of india have opposed the judgment.
lok janshakti has already filed its own review petition.
the controversy comes at a time the bjp is being increasingly seen as anti-dalit.
an allahabad high court judgment saying the teacher job quotas should be implemented department-wise instead of the university being taken as a single unit has faced criticism from opposition parties and activists.
the arrears in post-matric scholarships for dalit students now stands at rs 6,900 crore.
activists estimate that several lakh dalit students have been pushed out of higher education for lack of money in the past five years.
new delhi, sept.
30: the bjp today said it would not have an alliance with the samajwadi party or the ruling bahujan samaj party in uttar pradesh, before or after the state elections next summer.
party president nitin gadkari made the declaration at the national executive that began here today, saying the state must be salvaged at all cost.
the statement underscored the primacy of uttar pradesh for the bjp, which had won 58 of the states 80 seats in the 1998 lok sabha elections before it started losing ground.
spokesperson ravishankarprasad prasad quoted gadkari as saying that if the bjp did not win the coming polls, it would prefer to sit in the opposition.
the first day of the two-day executive included discussions on the countrys economy and the strategy to be followed in other election-bound states, such as uttarakhand, punjab, goa and manipur.
a source said the no-truck message  first articulated by gadkari at the lucknow executive in june  had to be restated over and over again because bjp cadres feared that closer to the polls, the leaders might do a deal with mayavati.
another apprehension is the bjp may form a post-poll deal with her party, the bsp, as they had done thrice earlier, if no party got a majority.
some of the state leaders have mainly blamed the three pacts with mayavati for losses in subsequent elections.
they pointed out that upper castes, once seen as a solid bjp vote-bank, had gone with her in the 2007 polls because they believed she represented a better proposition.
prasad, the bjp spokesperson, also ruled out alliance talks with ajit singhs rashtriya lok dal, a key player in western uttar pradesh.
asked if the bjp would project a chief minister, prasad said: we will take a call.
among other issues in his speech, gadkari touched on manmohan singhs recent bangladesh visit.
he said it would contribute only marginally to strengthening bilateral relations, mainly because proper homework.
had not been done for the trip.
the upa, he said, had failed to take mamata banerjee and the people of bengal on board on the proposed teesta water-sharing pact.
the bjp chief also catalogued what his party believed were the centres other failures and suggested the current situation represented an opportunity for the opposition party.
destiny wants us to shoulder a historic responsibility.
the nation is witnessing the most corrupt government of independent india.
upa has become a liability.
it has completely lost the moral authority to govern this country.
(from top) smriti irani, arun jaitley and nirmala sitharaman.
(pti and afp) new delhi, may 27: san, not the sangh, is the talk of the town.
the responsibilities of smriti irani, arun jaitley and nirmala sitharaman in the narendra modi ministry are dominating conversations in the power and party corridors of the capital.
the talk is all about smriti, arun and nirmala, a bjp office-bearer said.
smriti, who doubled as a spokesperson when she headed the bjps womens wing, has been allocated human resource development with full cabinet rank while nirmala, a designated spokesperson, has been assigned commerce and industry with independent charge.
jaitley has been given finance and the temporary charge of defence, which account for two of the elite quartet of ministries.
jaitley said defence was an additional charge and a full-time minister would take over shortly.
bjp sources said the full-time incumbent could be arun shourie, billed as a modi favourite but passed over in the first round because of a covert campaign within the bjp that alleged he was an outsider and given to abusing party leaders.
it is understood that modi was not amused with the back-to-back interviews shourie gave to news channels in which he reportedly tried to make a case for his inclusion.
there is no offer, shourie said in reply to a question.
there were stories that said there was an offer that i rejected because of problems in my family.
i do not know where such stories emanated from.
the other name in circulation was that of goa chief minister manohar parrikar, liked by modi for his integrity and no-nonsense attitude.
sources said the issue with parrikars relocation was seeking a replacement who, like him, would balance the religious equations in goa and keep it inclusive.
the fine print in the texts and sub-texts of modis council was smritis governmental debut as a cabinet minister mandated with looking after hrd, a critical department as close to the prime ministers development agenda as to the schemes of his ideological parent, the rss.
the other fine print in the text, sources said, was the way commerce had been parcelled off to nirmala.
modi had been saying trade and commerce should ideally guide diplomacy.
there was a plan to club the commerce and foreign ministries.
earlier this year, when he spoke at the india economic convention in new delhi, modi had said the foreign ministry should reinvent itself and shake off the old-style functioning overseas missions were used to.
it seems to me that our overseas missions primary task is to file long reports, their job seems to be to gather information about their host country, write political and security analyses about the countrys old friends and new.
these despatches are sent to the headquarters where they are read by the relevant divisions, modi had said.
twenty-first-century diplomacy, he had emphasised, should be more alive to issues like trade facilitation and promotion of indian business abroad that, he added, could act as force multipliers for indias economy.
it is clear that in choosing nirmala as his commerce minister, modi will implement his ideas on diplomacy and foreign relations through her and let (foreign minister) sushma swaraj handle the other aspects, a bjp insider said.
nirmala, an economist by qualification and training, came into the bjp in 2010, worked as a spokesperson but never asked to contest an election  circumstances that wouldnt have assured a ministerial berth to her peers.
modi and jaitley rated her understanding of policy matters and competence quite highly and worked on her induction.
nirmala had earlier been considered for a rajya sabha membership from gujarat or rajasthan, but sushma had reportedly shot down the proposal.
a face-off had erupted last february, shortly after sushma, as lok sabha opposition leader, had batted for telanganas creation before the andhra bifurcation bill was passed.
on her twitter site, nirmala had re-posted a tweet that said: if only shushma (sic) had stood for seemandhra in ls just like venkaiah and jaitley did today.
sushma retaliated by posting another tweet that said: with spokespersons like nsitharaman we dont need enemies.
nirmala capped the twitter duel by claiming no differences.
sushmas unchallenged status as the bjps unrivalled woman leader has hit a smriti-nirmala wall.
like these two ladies, sushma too began her career in the bjp as a spokesperson.
her biggest asset is she is resilient and has survived several ups and downs, usually created by her male colleagues, a source said.
sushma launched her innings as foreign minister by being part of the deliberations that modi had with heads of saarc nations.
modi dominated the talks.
sushma is among the handful who made it to modis council despite not starting off as a favourite.
sources said others he would have ideally not liked to be around were ananth kumar who, like sushma, had spoken out against modis ascendancy till the last.
ananth, sushma and ravishankarprasad prasad were the three recommendations to come from veteran l.k. advani.
while there were no issues with prasad, ananth was eventually taken in on the understanding that he would not get a portfolio of his choice.
chemicals and fertilisers that he eventually got was certainly not to ananths liking, the sources said.
in the categorisation of favourites (of modi and jaitley) versus the others, those included in the first slot were dharmendra pradhan, prakash javadekar and piyush goyal.
pradhan and goyal were relative newcomers to delhi.
like nirmala, their rise too was the envy of many in the bjp.
like sushma, smriti and nirmala, javadekar heralded his entry as a spokesperson and served as one for years until he became a rajya sabha mp.
he has been served up information and broadcasting, environment, forest and climate change and parliamentary affairs.
new delhi, nov.
20: the congress today questioned the propriety and timing of an sbi plan to consider loaning $1 billion (rs 6,200 crore) for a controversial mining project in australia led by industrialist gautam adani, perceived to be close to prime minister narendra modi.
both the adani group and the sbi have insisted that the government-owned bank would release funds only after conducting a series of checks on the project that australias government desperately wants, amid a flurry of job losses in its coal sector.
the adani group and the sbi inked a pact for the loan hours after adani, sbi chairperson arundhati bhattacharya and modi sat with officials of queensland in brisbane on monday at a meet where the province agreed to facilitate the project.
what was the propriety of the sbi giving the loan to adani, who was sitting next to the prime minister during the visit?
congress general secretary ajay maken asked.
the adani group  which has denied reports that several private banks had turned down its requests to finance the carmichael coal mining project  had announced the sbi loan while its chief was in melbourne with modi.
today, the sbi clarified that it had only signed a memorandum of understanding with the adani group to consider the loan  and had not yet sanctioned it.
this is not a loan sanction that we have given.
it will go through proper due diligence, both on the credit side as well as on the viability side, sbi chief bhattacharya said in new delhi.
but the willingness of the sbi to consider the loan is likely to help the adani group lobby other financial institutions for loans.
the carmichael project is worth $7.
6bn (around rs 47,000cr).
when five top foreign banks have already declined to fund adanis project, what was the need and the sense in giving such a huge loan to him from the hard-earned money deposited by the common people?
did the sbi do the due diligence?
if it did so, why is it not declaring the mou?
on what conditions was it done?
and what was the liability?
maken asked.
during modis visit, queensland also committed to buying minor, short-term stakes in infrastructure initiatives linked to the carmichael project.
the project, if it succeeds, will be australias largest coal mining venture at a time the country is struggling to cope with the loss of over 4,000 jobs in the sector over the past two years because of bottlenecks in multiple projects.
local environmental groups have been protesting the carmichael project, arguing that it may threaten the great barrier reef.
the congress spokesperson also questioned modis thrust on coal mining in australia.
the prime minister said the whole of india would be lit up with australian coal.
the coal minister said that possibly in the next two to three years, india would be able to stop the import of coal, maken said, and wondered who of the two was right.
union minister ravishankarprasad prasad iterated that the loan had not been given yet and that an mou had been signed.
the government has nothing to do with it, he said.
new delhi, oct.
15: mobile phone users will soon be able to change their operators and retain their numbers even if they move to a different city.
mobile subscribers are now allowed to change operators while retaining their numbers within the same service area using number portability.
for example, a subscriber in calcutta can switch operators within the city only.
the department of telecom has set a target date of march 31, 2015 to implement full mobile number portability (mnp), an official source said.
the telecom commission has accepted trais recommendations on full mnp, the source said.
the panels decision will now be placed before telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad for final approval.
under full portability, a subscriber in calcutta will be able to switch to a telecom network in tamil nadu or any other state while retaining his/her number.
as on august 31, about 13 crore people have requested for complete portability.
trai had suggested that operators be granted six months to make necessary changes in their networks once the proposal is cleared.
new delhi, dec.
26: telecom major airtel today stood by its decision to charge extra for services such as skype and viber and said allowing voip (voice over ip) calls on mobiles without additional charges was not a tenable business.
the company's decision to jack up internet telephony call rates has come to the notice of the government.
telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad has said he will look into the matter.
the telecom ministry has directed its officers to look into the airtel scheme that could make calls via skype or viber cost up to rs 4,000 per gb on a 3g phone.
officials said telecom watchdog trai might also look into the issue.
stating that it has invested over rs 140,000 crore in rolling out network over the past years, airtel said it would continue to charge separately for voip services.
however, the new voip (voice over ip) data packs would be reasonably priced and prepaid customers would be allowed to use all services till the expiry of the packs.
our customers can enjoy a superior voip calling experience on airtel's network by choosing from a range that will soon be launched.
for prepaid users, the voip exclusive pack will be priced at rs 75 for 75mb with a validity of 28 days.
this will allow customers to make between 200 and 250 minutes of calling.
similarly, affordable voip plans will soon be launched for post-paid customers, airtel said.
it added that the new rates were not applicable with immediate effect.
airtel has tweaked its mobile internet plan and said that voip calls service would not be included in internet schemes that it offered and would be charged at standard data rates of 4 paise per 10kb on 3g network and 10 paise per 10 kb on 2g network.
the company's decision to charge more for voip was criticised by telecom experts who said there were enough loopholes in services such as skype that could be used to enjoy the service at old rates.
airtel has to realise it must face tech challenges with technology, not by a regime of rates, it won't work, partly because technology can bypass the plugs it plans and partly because other competitors may not play ball, said anuj bhatia, an independent telecom system consultant.
new delhi, jan.
17: bjp-led madhya pradesh today defended its decision to allot land to a trust set up in memory of late party chief kushabhau thakre and dared the supreme court to scrap all such allotment in favour of one particular family.
the court should first cancel all the land allotted in the past 40 years in the name of foundations of one particular family, senior lawyer ravishankarprasad prasad told a two-judge bench, alluding to the congress first family.
the bench shrugged off the challenge, saying it would examine the matter as and when anyone raised it in court.
the 2004 allotment had last week come under sharp criticism from the court, which objected to the state reserving land for a particular institution.
the trust, which has former bjp presidents l.k. advani and venkaiah naidu as trustees, had been allotted 20 acres for rs 25 lakh for a proposed training institute on indian culture at a nominal annual rent of re 1.
an ngo, which had filed a public interest petition against the allotment, claimed the land, at bavadiya kala in bhopal, had been earlier reserved for the housing board and was valued at over rs 66 crore.
the pil said the collector had himself valued the annual lease rent at over rs 58 lakh.
the ngo also claimed the land was reserved for the trust on september 25, 2004, over a week before the trust was set up on october 6.
the state government claimed that a proper hearing had been given to objections raised against the allotment.
there has been substantial compliance, prasad told the bench of justices g.s. singhvi and asok kumar ganguly.
the trust objective is also laudable, he added.
the court, however, wondered if the state government would be as lenient if a common man were to approach it with such a proposal to set up a philanthropic trust.
after all, the government holds all land in trust (for the people), justice singhvi said.
an angry prasad then dared the court to first cancel all land allotments to trusts related to one particular family.
the bench also criticised state governments for allotting land in such a way that one particular gentleman had got land everywhere in the country.
the allusion was to the controversial asaram bapu trust, which has land in all states.
when prasad insisted these were individual failures, the bench countered, saying: this is systemic failure.
arguments in the case will continue tomorrow.
the helipad at the bsf camp in narayanpur, near malda telegraph picturethe bengal bjp announced on monday that its national president amit shah would address two rallies in the state this week amid a war of words over the landing of his helicopter for the meeting in malda on tuesday.
the other rally to be addressed by shah will be at jhargram on wednesday.
bjp state president dilip ghosh said proposed meetings at suri in birbhum, joynagar in south 24 parganas and krishnagar in nadia stood cancelled.
although the curtailment of the programmes triggered murmurs of discontent in the bjp, ghosh sidestepped questions on the issue and trained guns at the mamata banerjee government.
he said the bengal government had denied permission for shahs helicopter to land at an airstrip in malda citing ongoing construction work there.
we approached authorities with the proposal of two alternative helipads  one at a private hotel and another at the bsf camp, both in narayanpur (near malda).
the district administration is delaying the whole process, said ghosh.
the chief minister was quick to react.
all necessary permission has been given.
we cannot compromise on security and hence, police and the administration had asked for alternative locations for helipads.
it also happens with us that we have to land the chopper at alternative places.
we believe in democracy.
they are distorting facts, mamata said before leaving calcutta for bagdogra on monday.
within hours of mamatas denial of the charges levelled by ghosh, malda district bjp leaders said the administration had cleared the choppers landing at the helipad of a private resort in narayanpur.
in calcutta, state bjp leaders, however, said the helicopter would land at the bsf camp.
although the landing hurdles have been cleared at the last minute, the state administration tried its best to harass us over organising the rally, said a bjp leader from malda.
according to him, the party had to arrange for a private plot for shahs rally as public venues were unavailable.
union minister ravishankarprasad prasad also slammed the mamata government.
there is abuse of government power and the administration is denying permission for the chopper to land, he said.
sources said uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath would accompany shah.
new delhi, april 25: the congress today accused the bjp of lacking the political will to take on the maoists in chhattisgarh, a day after a sudden assault wiped out at least two dozen crpf troopers in a rebel-infested belt.
party communications chief randeep surjewala described the bjp leadership's tough talk on security as just babble and said that while the central government didn't have any comprehensive plan to fight the rebels, the bjp government in the state had learnt nothing from past attacks.
surjewala recalled an interview security expert k.p.s. gill had given to make his point that the bjp leadership lacked both direction and planning.
there is a lack of political will to fight the naxalites.
chhattisgarh chief minister raman singh told me take your salary and enjoy, gill had said in the interview.
gill, who played a vital role in wiping out terrorism from punjab, had taken up the assignment of advising the chhattisgarh government in 2006.
he had left within a year, accusing the administration of not listening to him.
surjewala accused the bjp leadership of total irresponsibility, while pointing out that yesterday's noontime attack in sukma was the second in two months in the state.
in march, 11 paramilitary personnel were killed in chhattisgarh.
any lessons learnt?
is it not a clear case of intelligence failure?
how does the centre and state government plan to tackle the problem?
the crpf director-general's post is vacant since february 2017, the national investigation agency chief is on second extension.
.
.
this shows total irresponsibility, he said.
the force has been without a regular chief since k. durga prasad retired in february.
surjewala responded to union minister ravishankarprasad prasad's emotive tweet - do the family members and children of jawans have any human rights or not?
- with a tweet.
of course they have human rights, he tweeted.
but aren't you the government?
you have clearly failed in defending their rights.
the congress is particularly sensitive about naxalite violence in chhattisgarh where the party's frontline leadership had been wiped out in an attack in may 2013.
among those who died were former union minister v.c. shukla, state unit president nand kumar patel and veteran mahendra karma.
we lost our top leaders.
we didn't see any action being taken then.
what measures have been taken in the last three years after the narendra modi government assumed office, party spokesperson priyanka chaturvedi said.
we would want to ask the state government and the central government as to who would take responsibility?
the congress is totally committed to the cause of fighting out this terror.
every measure taken by the government would be supported by us.
however, we do have questions, chaturvedi added.
ever since the bjp government has come to power, they had made strong claims about wiping out terror and zero tolerance to terrorism.
yet, in 2017 in chhattisgarh itself, we have seen the highest number of deaths - 72, causalities of our armed men, paramilitary forces - crpf men.
the bjp, extremely critical of congress governments on issues like terrorism and naxalism, had offered a robust policy on internal and external security.
modi himself, as gujarat chief minister, often made scathing attacks on the then manmohan singh government.
doesn't the common man deserve security?
modi had said in one interview.
shouldn't the common man live a peaceful life?
shouldn't the common man get benefit of development?
no, they (the central government) only have time for the dirty game of politics.
since modi assumed charge as prime minister, congress leaders have been hitting back, arguing that his rhetoric on pakistan, terrorism and other internal security matters have proved hollow.
the bjp had in its 2014 election manifesto promised radical transformation of the intelligence-gathering system and police modernisation.
it had also promised to free intelligence and investigation from political control.
congress chief sonia gandhi and vice-president rahul gandhi avoided any critical references and restricted themselves to condemning yesterday's incident in sukma, arguing that senseless violence cannot weaken the nation's resolve to fight extremism.
bjp mp rajiv pratap rudy on monday displayed exasperation against his own government in the lok sabha for doing little to promote eco-tourism in his home state bihar and went on to call for a breach of privilege motion, earning applaud from opposition benches.
apart from being an mp, rudy is also one of the national spokespersons of the bjp.
so, his comments in the lok sabha surprised many.
rudy said during question hour that for the past three years, he had been pursuing a proposal to promote eco-tourism in bihar but every time officials turn him away citing a new rule or law.
i have been going around with the papers for the past three years but i cant understand in which department of the government of india these papers go and then get lost, rudy said.
on march 9, 2018, i had given the same proposal to the government of india.
whenever i go to any minister or officer, they show me a new page and a new rule to say the proposal of the bihar government is pending, he added.
he said bihar had a huge potential for eco-tourism as the endangered gangetic dolphins are found at the tri-junction of the rivers ganga, gandak and ghagra in his constituency.
rudy talked about the famous sonepur cattle fair and claimed it was the most eco-friendly event.
he urged the government to use whatever name it wanted but funds should be granted to promote tourism of dolphins and the cattle fair.
sensing the bjp member was upset, tourism minister prahlad singh patel called rudy his friend and acknowledged receipt of many letters from him but said since they didnt concern his ministry, he forwarded them to the departments concerned.
the minister said his ministry had received a letter from the bihar government but there was no concrete proposal or dpr (detailed project report), following which he was unable to do anything.
rudy turned more upset.
he said a dpr had indeed been sent and that he would table the dpr on the floor of the house.
he added that if officials had not brought it to the notice of the minister, it was a matter of breach of privilege.
sir, i place the dpr on the table of the house.
if the officials dont bring it to the notice (of the minister), then it is a matter of privilege, rudy said amid uproar against the government from the opposition benches.
then, bjp mp from mathura hema malini stood up and blamed the government for not taking steps for developing of mathura, vrindavan and the adjoining areas under the tourism ministrys proposal to promote the krishna circuit.
this is not the first time, rudy, the mp from bihar who has not been made a minister in the new modi government, has tried to embarrass a minister in the house.
last month, again during question hour, rudy intervened after information technology minister ravishankarprasad prasad said in reply to a question that only state-run companies bsnl and mtnl extended free services to subscribers during calamities.
other private operators too extend free services, rudy said.
prasad said private companies provided free services only for a couple of days but bsnl and mtnl did do till the calamity was over.
to this, rudy said that often bsnl/mtnl calls dropped but subscribers were charged.
new delhi, may 28: senior lawyer mukul rohtagis name has been cleared by the government for appointment as the countrys new attorney general.
sources said the notification would be issued tomorrow.
asked about his priorities, rohtagi told the telegraph today: my top priority would be to streamline the litigation process in the country.
i want to ensure that frivolous and vexatious litigation come to an end.
efforts would also be made to cut down litigation involving government departments and public sector undertakings.
the senior lawyer, who is close to union ministers arun jaitley and ravishankarprasad prasad, is a popular figure in the supreme court.
rohtagi is known to be down-to-earth, friendly and affable and a good paymaster for the lawyers and clerks under him.
he had encouraged one of his clerks to complete his llb and inducted him into his legal team.
rohtagi was an additional solicitor-general in the earlier nda government and has since appeared in several high-profile cases.
recently, he appeared for the bengal government in the saradha default case in which the supreme court ordered a cbi probe.
he also represented a number of 2g accused and is a counsel for industrialist anil ambani.
he had earlier appeared for the italian government and the two marines facing trial for shooting indian fishermen.
another senior advocate ranjit kumar, tipped to become the solicitor-general, said he was yet to receive any formal order.
protem speakercongress leader kamal nath will be the protem speaker, parliamentary affairs minister m. venkaiah naidu said.
new delhi, march 7: any hopes of early release subrata roy may have had were dashed today when the supreme court rejected a fresh suggestion by sahara to refund investors and warned that it was an insult to make us assemble without a proper proposal.
the bench also turned down a plea by roys counsel to let the industrialist out of tihar jail so he could work out a solution acceptable to the court.
roy was arrested in a contempt case for saharas failure to carry out an august 2012 supreme court order to refund rs 20,000 crore to investors through stock market regulator sebi.
on tuesday, the court had remanded roy in jail till march 11, rejecting saharas suggestion to sell company assets and pay depositors.
but it had said the next hearing could be advanced  with the attendant possibility of bail  if sahara came up with a better alternative.
sahara today suggested a staggered refund of rs 17,400 crore by july 2015, claiming it had already paid over rs 5,000 crore to stock market regulator sebi.
but the special bench of justices k.s. radhakrishnan and j.s. khehar asked it to come up with a more honourable proposal by tuesday.
the two judges were today sitting on different benches but after roys counsel requested them at 10.
30am to hear saharas new proposal, they decided to assemble at 2pm.
you make us assemble.
you should not make us assemble if you dont have a proper proposal.
it is an insult to make us assemble, justice khehar told roys defence team, headed by a. sundaram and including rajeev dhawan, ravishankarprasad prasad and rakesh dwivedi.
you should get an acceptable proposal.
you are making us assemble for a person who is not willing to pay.
you should come out with an honourable proposal.
sundaram then suggested that the court release his client.
he (roy) is one person who can negotiate.
but since he is inside jail, he is not able to do much, he said.
sundaram added that the legal team was finding it difficult to meet the industrialist in tihar.
the bench said it could allow roy access to his financial consultants and lawyers, but ruled out releasing him.
if you want us to arrange a meeting, we can do it.
but you must pay the amount.
he (has been) inside for only two days.
but he has also been out for the past one-and-a-half years, justice radhakrishnan said.
the allusion was to the period from august 2012 through which sahara had failed to carry out the courts order to pay depositors.
the court, however, said that if sahara applied to the jail authorities, the tihar superintendent could allow financial consultants and lawyers to meet roy between 10am and noon.
this is how sahara today offered to pay rs 17,400 crore to sebi in instalments till july next year: rs 2,500 crore within three working days after the restriction on operation of bank accounts and deposits is lifted.
rs 2,000 crore by july 31 this year.
rs 2,500 crore by october 31.
rs 3,000 crore by january 1 next year.
rs 3,500 crore by april 30.
the balance amount of rs 3,900 crore by july 30.
roy was arrested in lucknow on february 28 on the strength of an apex court warrant.
he was driven to delhi after three days at an uttar pradesh forest guesthouse and produced before the apex court on march 4.
two sahara directors, ravishankarprasad dubey and ashok roy choudhary, have been remanded till march 11 with roy.
but the court has spared a third sahara director, vandana bhargava, so she can help work out an alternative way of refunding the investors that is to be placed before the court on march 11.
s.m. shahbazunion it and law & justice minister ravishankarprasad prasad speaks at the event in patna on saturday.
picture by manoj kumarpatna: union minister ravishankarprasad prasad on saturday claimed that the central government integrated the sc and st communities under the digital india programme.
he was speaking at an event to celebrate the 127th birth anniversary of dr br ambedkar in patna to empower scheduled caste and scheduled tribe communities through common services centres, a crucial element in the digital india scheme, which aims to provide utility services to people in rural and remote areas.
ravi shankar spoke about the achievements of the prime minister's rural digital literacy mission.
he mentioned over 8 lakh people became digitally literate in bihar of whom 2 lakh were members from the sc and st communities.
the plan aimed to make 6 crore people in rural areas digitally literate in the country by 2019.
according to the minister, 22,613 common services centres operate in the state in almost all gram panchayats, which facilitate several services such as financial inclusion, digital awareness, digital payments and insurance services.
unveiling future plans, he announced that 100 bpo call centres will be opened in villages of bihar to help create jobs for 5-10 women from the sc and st communities.
a special mission mode project will be launched to empower the communities digitally.
but he did not given a time-frame.
under the digi gaon scheme, every village will be wifi-enabled.
also to encourage village-level entrepreneurs of sc and st communities, an award of rs 1 lakh will be given.
the government also plans to include railway ticketing, online admission to ignou and sale of patanjali medicines through common services centres in bihar.
the digital literacy mission is the fittest tribute to dr br ambedkar's vision, which sought to create an equality-based society.
our government is committed to empower and skill people through technology, especially people belonging to sc and st communities, said ravi shankar.
he declared common services centres as the backbone of new india, which brought the services of banks, teachers and doctors under a single roof along with the skill development by giving job-oriented courses to rural people.
the technology has immense potential to transform the lives of people, it's a unique intervention in the country which enable, empower and enlighten those communities that left behind in the growth trajectory, said the minister.
during the programme, the minister felicitated five women village-level entrepreneurs from sc and st communities - asha devi from katihar, gauri kumari from saharsa, leela jyoti from samastipur, gayatri kumari from nawada and soni kumari from nalanda.
the lok sabha on monday witnessed tit-for-tat privilege notices against prime minister narendra modi and congress president rahul gandhi as the government and the opposition locked horns over who had lied about the rafale deal.
a notice for a breach of privilege motion was also moved against law minister ravishankarprasad prasad in the rajya sabha by congress veteran ghulam nabi azad, the leader of the opposition in the upper house.
congress member sunil jakhar moved the notice against modi in the lok sabha, accusing him of misleading the supreme court on the rafale deal  the same charge on which azad sought action on prasad.
anurag thakur, bjp chief whip in the lower house, hit back with a privilege notice against rahul, accusing him of misleading parliament over the aircraft deal during the debate on the no-confidence motion against the government last session.
a privilege notice accuses an mp of misusing his or her privileges  a set of rights and immunities  which the house can punish through a host of measures, including censure and suspension.
however, such notices against high dignitaries like the prime minister have an almost zero chance of success, and are moved mainly to make a point.
i have given a breach of privilege notice against the government, and in particular against law minister ravishankarprasad prasad, as it was the law ministry that gave the go-ahead for presenting the affidavit before the supreme court, azad said.
he alleged that this was the first time that a government had provided wrong information to the supreme court.
while dismissing a batch of petitions challenging the rafale deal on friday, the apex court had erroneously said the public accounts committee of parliament had already examined the cag report on the deal.
the congress has cited this to accuse the government of lying to the court, but the centre claims the court misinterpreted two sentences in its note, resulting in the error.
congress communications chief randeep surjewala on monday questioned the bjps media blitz  in the form of 70 news conferences across the country  about the clean chit from the apex court.
he said the bjp should answer key questions relating to the judgment before activating its lie factory.
they should explain to the country where the cag report, which was supposedly examined by the pac, is, he said.
there are several flaws in the order.
the court said the pact between reliance and dassault existed since 2012 whereas reliance defence was incorporated only on march 28, 2015.
former french president francois hollande has never contradicted his statement (that india proposed the name of the offset partner) but the court was misled on this too.
surjewala went on: why did the government tell the court that hal (the public sector unit bypassed in the choice of offset partner) had nothing to do with the rafale deal while the truth is that a work-share agreement had been signed after protracted negotiations (during upa rule)?
surjewala said the alleged jump in pricing  from rs 526 crore per aircraft under the upas proposed deal to rs 1,670 crore in the ndas deal  had not been explained, either.
the dpp (defence procurement procedure) 2013 was amended on august 5, 2015, after the announcement of the deal to insert the clause that dassault could choose its offset partner without consulting the government.
this fact was also hidden from the supreme court, surjewala said.
chief minister raghubar das on monday directed his a-team of ministers and bureaucrats to ensure guests took away a great impression of jharkhand from the upcoming global investors' summit even as chief secretary rajbala verma listed out the names of countries partnering the marquee event.
japan, indonesia, mongolia, czech republic and tunisia have agreed to become official partners of the summit while delegates from the us, russia, south korea, australia, singapore, china, afghanistan and uae will take part.
the state government has already received investment proposals worth over rs 322,000 crore, chief secretary rajbala verma enumerated, with major proposals coming in for agriculture and food processing, power, urban infrastructure, textiles, transport, tourism and others.
however, the number of investors and companies weren't disclosed.
around 12 to 15 union ministers, including arun jaitley, m. venkaiah naidu, nitin gadkari, n. sitaraman, ravishankarprasad prasad, j.p. nadda, smriti irani, sudarshan bhagat and jayant sinha are expected to be present, as will top business magnates ratan tata, kumar mangalam birla, shashi ruia, prashant ruia, subhash chandra, navin jindal, sajjan jindal, gautam adani and others.
we believe the summit will help jharkhand forge a new identity and give momentum to our state's economy.
our preparations are nearly complete, verma added.
the chief minister, on his part, directed his ministerial colleagues and senior bureaucrats to see to it that guests did not face any problem during their stay here.
observing that entrepreneurs make capital investments that create jobs, the chief minister said they deserve positive support from the official machinery.
our greenfield projects in road and electricity sectors, in particular, may fructify with support from investors.
we also need new investments for our smart city, solid waste management and power transmission projects.
treat them (investors) well.
they will help us eliminate unemployment and curb migration, the chief minister said.
during the course of the two-hour meeting, the chief minister took stock of the arrangements for the summit, stressing on the accommodation of vvip delegates, industries director k. ravi kumar said.
food and civil supplies minister saryu roy was conspicuous by his absence at this high-powered meeting.
when asked, roy, who has often stood out for public remarks against the chief minister and the government's functioning, said: i was aware of the meeting but i had important engagements in my assembly constituency jamshedpur (west).
i am also not aware if any investment proposal is related to my department such setting up of godowns.
but, my best wishes are with them and as a member of this government i will do my best for the success of the summit.
ministers present at the meeting said they would do their utmost for the summit's success.
it is a matter of the state's pride, said water resources minister chandra prakash choudhary of bjp ally ajsu party.
additional director-general (operations) and police headquarters spokesperson r.k. mallick added special arrangements had been made for security and smooth traffic flow.
summit ready: workers give final touches to the venue at mega sports complex in ranchi on thursday ahead of skill summit 2018 on friday.
(manob chowdhary)on the occasion of national youth day on friday to mark vivekananda jayanti, jharkhand is attempting a mention in the limca book of records by handing over 25,000 job letters at the culmination of its maiden four-day skill summit 2018.
hosted by chief minister raghubar das, the ceremony is scheduled to take place at harivansh tana bhagat indoor stadium at the mega sports complex at hotwar and have union petroleum, natural gas and skill development minister dharmendra pradhan as chief guest.
on thursday, the mega sports complex was abuzz with activity.
while hundreds of job aspirants were searching for better deals, workers were busy giving final touches to the venue of the mega show under the watchful gaze of a statue of swamiji on stagevvip guestsunion ministers dharmendra pradhan (petroleum, skill development), smriti irani (textile), ravishankarprasad prasad (law and it); punjab cm captain amrendra singh; gm maruti m.m. singh, filmmaker subhash ghai, national skill development corporation ceo & md manish kumar, director (asia) ite-singapore lim boon tiong, and vlcc chairperson vandana luthraturnoutregistration starts 9am and the inaugural session is scheduled to begin at 11am.
venue has seating arrangements for around 7,000 peoplesectoral seminarsjharkhand skill development policy to be unveiled.
after the inaugural, sectoral seminars will be held at separate hangers.
topics include, leveraging momentum jharkhand  skilling states youth to match industry, alignment of state skill policy towards promoting apprentice and entrepreneurship and jobs for futuremoustwo mous to be signed to expand skill development work in jharkhand with with uk skills and qusec of australia.
trafficmovement of trucks will be banned on khelgaon road from 6am-10pm; over 800 policemen, including traffic jawans,would be on duty.
three parking zones would be set up.
buses bound for hotwar will be parked on the ground opposite the khelgaon apartments.
four and two-wheelers will be parked in front of the main administrative building, and vvip vehicles near the vvip guesthouse within the sports complexwebcasteast singhbhum deputy commissioner amit kumar has said the district administration will arrange a live webcast of fridays skill summit near rd tata roundabout in golmuri, jamshedpur, from 10am.
the programme will be webcast in every other district.
compiled by a.s.r.p.
every question has an answer, goes the saying.
in the case of bharatiya janata party leaders, every question has one answer.
ever since the pulwama terror strike, bjp leaders have been flooded with queries about how the government will react against pakistan.
kya karegi sarkar?
, ladai hogi kya?
these are just some of the questions that reporters and common people are hurling at all bjp leaders.
the standard reply, meant to assure those seeking answers, is to trust the words of the prime minister and have faith in his leadership.
but bjp members are increasingly getting frustrated with these endless queries.
the latest leader to fall prey to such queries was the union law minister, ravishankarprasad prasad.
incidentally, he had been fielded to counter the congresss attack on narendra modi for allegedly being busy with a film shoot immediately after the terror strike.
after the usual request to trust the prime minister, prasad went on to claim that india has already attained a big victory.
he said that while the two master-minds of the strike had been killed by the army, the governments decision to hike customs duty on the import of pakistani goods by 200 per cent had caused huge distress among the traders of that country.
big stocks of cement, cashew and raisins are lying in karachi, he said, projecting this as the big victory for india.
but is this win big enough to get the bjp big returns in the upcoming elections?
change is not in the airchange might not be in the air yet.
the chief minister of maharashtra, devendra fadnavis, does not see a maharashtrian becoming the next pm.
his fellow-maharashtrian and union roadways minister, nitin gadkari, got the rumour mills turning about a possible aspiration for the pms seat with his sporadic outbursts targeting his colleagues.
during an award ceremony in mumbai, the actor, riteish deshmukh, asked fadnavis, who stood a better chance of getting the delhi throne, the maratha strongman, sharad pawar, or gadkari.
let me tell you this question does not arise because the prime ministers post has been booked for this term and also the next election, fadnavis said in reply.
one wonders what gadkari would have to say to this.
does he agree?
helping handindeed, the winds of change seem to have stopped blowing elsewhere as well.
the choice of an advertisement agency to execute the congress campaign for the upcoming general elections has triggered many a controversy.
so much so that the congress president, rahul gandhi, had to intervene to ensure that the committee looking after publicity meets and debates the issues in a democratic manner instead of taking decisions arbitrarily.
however, the presence of some agencies that had been black-listed by the party for poor work in the past raised eyebrows.
the selection of ad agencies for elections has always been a contentious issue.
the suspicion that the choices are often made for reasons other than pure merit refuses to go away.
after the terrible experience of 2014 lok sabha elections, the leadership had decided to use internal talent for slogans and publicity material.
but given the importance of the 2019 general elections, they have decided to get professional help.
can an old trick bring a new result?
no strings attachedthe fight for power in 2019, they say, is going to be local.
the actor, prakash raj, is emerging as a strong contender in karnataka.
he is all set to play hardball as a candidate from bangalore central, a key constituency in the technology hub.
with his shrill campaign against hindutva and everything else that comes with it, raj seems to be the perfect choice to take on the bjp.
while the congress would not mind supporting him to avoid a three-way split, they would like the fireball actor to join the party.
at the moment, raj does not seem ready to join any party as he spends no less than 12 hours every day by going door to door to meet voters.
many believe that the grand old party would be wise to let him be and back him as an independent candidate.
this, people believe, would increase its chances of reaching out to the tech crowd, which seems to be taken in by rajs no-strings-attached image.
bitter aftertasteprakash raj is not the only actor giving the congress in karnataka sleepless nights.
the party is also desperately trying to tackle another actor, sumalatha, who has made a pitch for the mandya lok sabha seat that her late husband and actor turned congress leader, ambareesh, had once represented.
but mandya is a stronghold of the congress ally, janata dal (secular), which is unlikely to let go of the seat.
sumalatha, too, is determined to contest from nowhere but mandya.
this situation has left senior congress leaders worried.
the sugar-belt of mandya could leave a bitter taste by becoming the tipping point for a delicately poised alliance, which has functioned like an act of trapeze without a safety net.
most people in wayanad have one common hope  that the congress president, rahul gandhi, will retain that seat in the ongoing lok sabha elections and be their saviour.
the chief of the all india congress committee had become an instant sensation when his party decided to field him from wayanad, a constituency that is just two elections old.
many even view the election of rahul gandhi to the lok sabha as the silver bullet solution to all of their problems.
while farmers expect the gandhi scion to provide solutions to the water shortage problems and agrarian issues, the hospitality sector wants him to keep the forest road that links bangalore to wayanad functional even at night, as that is likely to improve their business.
the congress has reasons to be pleased.
but if there something on which the grand old party does not want to hazard a guess, it is whether rahul gandhi will keep the wayanad seat if he wins in amethi as well.
how shatrugan sinha might respond to his critics pti photorather confidentthe overconfidence of shatrughan sinha, who recently left the bharatiya janata party and joined the congress, has created quite a bit of unease among his well-wishers.
sinha has presumed that the union minister, ravishankarprasad prasad, cannot pose a threat to him and has invested more time in campaigning for congress candidates across the country instead of concentrating on his own constituency, patna sahib, in bihar.
when a senior opposition leader cautioned sinha that the kayasth community is loyal to the bjp and not to him, and that prasad is also a kayasth, the actor-turned-politician laughed away the threat.
he said that the loss could be compensated for by new supporters from the congress and the rashtriya janata dal.
the leader who cautioned sinha felt that the latter was so obsessed with his national stature that he refused to put his nose to the grindstone in patna.
congress ne ek helicopter de diya hai inko aur ye furr-furr kar rahe hai (the congress has given him a helicopter and he is flying everywhere).
what will the shotguns response to such talk be?
khamosh, presumably.
work togetherone relief that the congress had ahead of the lok sabha elections in rajasthan was the apparent truce between the chief minister of the state, ashok gehlot, and his deputy, sachin pilot.
party insiders have revealed that sachin has more or less reconciled with gehlots supremacy and is working in tandem with him, at least in the electioneering.
he has gone to jodhpur twice to campaign for gehlots son, vaibhav, who is making his electoral debut.
congress leaders acknowledge the fact that things would have been worse if the two leaders had not put aside their differences, given the fact that the narendra modi factor was still at work in the state.
the anger in the assembly election was largely directed at the then chief minister, vasundhara raje, as was evident in the slogan, modi se koi bair nahin/ vasundhara teri khair nahin.
the former cm is almost inactive now, and is even perceived to have been sidelined in public opinion after the defeat in the assembly polls.
congressmen feel that this will act as a bonus for the party, as no other bjp leader in rajasthan has either vasundharas charisma or her clout.
dignified silencerahul gandhi is not speaking against the president of the bahujan samaj party, mayavati, or the samajwadi party chief, akhilesh yadav, even in private, off-record conversations.
he has given several interviews in the past month and invariably faced questions on the alliance in uttar pradesh, but has refused to attack the sp-bsp.
he expresses regret that the congress was not made a part of the alliance, as that would have restricted the bjp to five seats.
but he insists that he will not be worried as long as the secular parties win the maximum seats, and points out that the sp-bsp is doing well.
the uttar pradesh unit of the congress came up with a proposal for an effective attack against mayavati and akhilesh, but rahul gandhi did not approve it.
they wanted to describe one of the leaders as an agent of the saffron party bent on creating confusion among the minority community, but the congress chief asked the state leaders to focus on highlighting the prime ministers flaws instead.
he has, so far, looked past mayavatis strident posturing against the congress.
when a reporter asked him whether there was a tactical understanding between the congress and the sp-bsp, rahul chose to reply indirectly  he said that there is a unity of purpose among all opposition parties, and that the main target is the bjp.
duty donedespite being unwell, the bjp patriarch, lk advani, reached gandhinagar on april 23 to cast his vote.
the last time that advani went to gandhinagar as a normal voter and not as a candidate was in 1998.
the sitting parliamentarian has represented the constituency ever since that year.
however, he has now been replaced by the bjp chief, amit shah, as the candidate for gandhinagar.
while the effort of the 91-year-old advani to go and exercise his franchise was praised by many bjp leaders, some wondered which way the upset patriarch may have voted.
party leaders claim shah will win gandhinagar by a record margin.
footnotewith the elections in the state over, politicians in karnataka switched to rejuvenation mode.
the cm, hd kumaraswamy, didnt waste any time in moving to a holiday resort in udupi after polling ended.
the former bjp state chief, pralhad joshi, got serious with his yoga routines, while madhu bangarappa, who challenged bs yeddyurappas son, by raghavendra, on their home turf, shimoga, moved to a forested area to be at one with nature.
but its time to get back in shape for those in the ruling janata dal (secular)-congress coalition, as the bjp is back to trying to destabilize the government.
new delhi, april 24: the congress today accused the narendra modi government of allowing vigilante groups a free run, blaming it on the bjp ideology and drawing a link with the kashmir unrest.
vigilantes associated with the ruling party have been allowed to run riot.
this is happening because of the political thought out of which this government was born, congress spokesperson manish tewari said.
he said the kashmir unrest could not be separated from the continuing violence by cow vigilantes, victimisation of kashmiri students in rajasthan and the anti-kashmiri billboards that have surfaced in uttar pradesh.
tewari said: the problem of kashmir cannot be segmented from the overall political scenario.
the manner in which the situation in the valley has been handled is detrimental to both national integration and security.
his comments come at a time law minister ravishankarprasad prasad has been pilloried for saying the government hasn't victimised muslims but given them sanctity despite their failure to vote for the bjp.
senior congress leader and former union minister salman khurshid tweeted: law minister speaks of sanctity for muslims, bjp trolls send them to pakistan, gau rakshaks lynch them.
black theatre at its worst?
kuchh ka vinash (ruin for some)?
the last bit was a parody of prime minister narendra modi's slogan of  sabka saath, sabka vikas (support for all, development for all).
many political parties have reminded prasad that sanctity and equality are constitutional guarantees for every citizen and not a matter of government charity.
sonia gandhi's political secretary ahmed patel tweeted: shocked to hear the statement from a senior bjp leader.
first they say muslims in uttar pradesh voted for them, then the minister contradicts.
he was referring to the bjp's claim that many muslim women had voted for the party because of its campaign against the triple talaq.
patel added: the government is bound by law to treat every citizen with dignity and respect.
why are they making a virtue out of necessity?
cpm general secretary sitaram yechury too has castigated prasad in a series of tweets.
constitution guarantees equality, not you.
indians who are hindus, muslims, christians, sikhs are all indian citizens, he tweeted.
what do you mean by sanctity?
is the law minister doing charity by giving sanctity?
sanctity (is) provided by indian constitution.
congress general secretary digvijaya singh has expressed sorrow at the victimisation of kashmiri students at many places in the country.
hashim sofi, a kashmiri research scholar at the birla institute of technology and science, pilani, has returned home and says he might quit the course because of racial slurs from fellow scholars who scribbled abuses on his door and clothes.
a group of kashmiris studying at mewar university were allegedly called terrorists and beaten up at a market in chittorgarh last week.
billboards declaring kashmiris as stone-throwers and asking them to leave have surfaced in meerut, uttar pradesh.
digvijaya asked whether the rajasthan chief minister or the prime minister would intervene to ensure protection for sofi.
why is the bjp not controlling its cadres?
they won't as they are the foot soldiers of bjp indoctrinated by rss who polarise on religious grounds to give them electoral advantage, he tweeted.
the congress has been arguing that the worsening situation in kashmir was primarily a result of the cynicism spawned by the unlikely alliance of the bjp and the people's democratic party.
tewari today asked the government to articulate its kashmir policy in clear terms as the situation was getting out of hand.
chief minister mehbooba mufti referred to (atal bihari) vajpayee's peace initiative.
the essence of her argument is that we are where vajpayee left us.
this is a damning indictment of the modi government's lack of policy in kashmir, he said.
nothing evidences this more than the poor turnout in elections.
even at the peak of militancy in 1996, voter turnout was 53.
93 per cent.
it is now 7 per cent (as recorded during the april 9 parliamentary by-election in srinagar).
modi should ask himself, 'what has gone wrong?
pranab mukherjee in bhopal on wednesday.
(pti) new delhi, july 11: the bjp is hoping mamata banerjee will put up a vice-president candidate it can piggyback on to rock the upa boat.
bjp leaders today appeared to back the names of gopal krishna gandhi and krishna bose reportedly proposed by mamata.
they said they would like to wait and watch if the trinamul chief fields any of them against the upas likely nominee, hamid ansari.
both gopal gandhi and krishna bose are very good candidates.
i dont think we have any problem with them.
but we have to see whether mamata can get one of them to contest, a bjp leader said.
it appears the bjp will not allow the vice-president post to go uncontested.
it aims to use the elections for president and vice-president to win over new allies ahead of the 2014 lok sabha poll.
it is likely that the party will consult chief ministers jayalalithaa and naveen patnaik before finalising a strategy.
we can definitely contest.
why should we give a walkover to the congress?
but the strategy is yet to be finalised, bjp spokesperson ravishankarprasad prasad said.
as in the president polls, the bjp is not likely to put up its own candidate for vice-president because the numbers are stacked against it.
so, it is looking for a candidate from an nda ally or a non-congress candidate.
the political positioning on the vice-president election seems to be following the course of the presidential one.
cracks in the upa and the nda seem similar.
ally trinamul appears determined to lock horns with the congress if ansari is fielded again.
within the nda, a key partner, janata dal (united), is hinting at breaking ranks with the bjp by preferring ansari.
the bjp is set to exploit mamatas opposition to the congresss vice-presidential candidate despite being told that she would not like to associate with that party given her dependence on the muslim vote base in bengal.
the cpm, too, appears eager to widen the congress-trinamul wedge.
last time we had proposed ansaris name as vice-president.
if his name comes this time too, we dont think there would be any problem, sitaram yechury said.
patna, sept.
10: the bihar chapter of the dalit indian chamber of commerce and industry (dicci) was launched today with state and central leaders cutting across party lines promising their support and stressing the need for economic development of the people belonging to the scheduled caste (sc).
union minister for law and justice, electronics and information technology ravishankarprasad prasad, who was supposed to inaugurate the chapter, could not turn up due to personal and official engagements.
but he did send a video message, saying the occasion was the beginning of a new age of social equality and harmony in bihar.
i had requested dalit indian chamber of commerce and industry founder chairman milind kamble to open a bihar chapter for the educated dalit youth who aspire to become entrepreneurs.
they could get a benefit of rs 10 lakh to rs 1 crore loans under stand-up india scheme, prasad said.
bihar finance minister abdul bari siddiqui pointed out that the chapter was being opened here after 10 years of its establishment and it denoted that there was delay from the organisation's side in coming to the state.
our gross state domestic product is increasing and people are now saying that bihar has potential.
people from here have gone to mauritius, fiji and surinam.
society and nation develop when there is harmony and peace.
it has been our misfortune that there have been discrimination among human beings despite constitutional provisions against them and a big section of society has remained neglected, siddiqui said.
the finance minister added that agro industries, handloom and small industries could develop in bihar and said the centre should accord special category status to the state to ensure industrial growth.
the supreme court's direction that no coercive steps, including the arrest of calcutta police commissioner rajeev kumar, would take place during the investigation into the saradha scam is our moral victory, bengal chief minister mamata banerjee said on tuesday.
the supreme court on tuesday directed kumar to make himself available before the cbi and faithfully cooperate with the agency in the probe.
the bjp, too, saw moral victory in the supreme court order, but for the cbi.
senior bjp leader ravishankarprasad prasad said it was a blow to mamata and showed that nobody is above the law, including the police commissioner.
the mamata-led government in bengal and the bjp have been at loggerheads after the cbi tried to question kumar in connection with the saradha case.
mamata has been on a 'dharna' since sunday night over the cbi's attempts to interrogate the police chief.
the supreme court's order is a victory of the common man, democracy and the constitution, the chief minister told reporters at the dharna venue in central calcutta.
there must be some story behind this.
nobody can dare speak against modi.
our's is a mass agitation and we are going to fight it unitedly, she said.
mamata began a save india dharna in front of metro cinema in the heart of calcutta on sunday night, insisting that the latest cbi action was tantamount to stifling the spirit of the constitution and federalism in the country.
we always respect the law and feel that things should run as per the law.
but, if someone tries to destroy the pillars on which democracy stands, then there would be nothing left of the democratic process that we are so proud of, she said.
we really welcome the [supreme court] verdict.
it is absolutely correct.
our case is very strong.
we never said we will not cooperate.
this is political vendetta, mamata added.
several opposition leaders, including samajwadi party leader akhilesh yadav, tdp chief chandrababu naidu, the dmk's kanimozhi and rjd leader tejaswhi yadav, have supported mamata's protest.
amit bhelaripatna: what strange creatures brothers are!
this quote, from jane austen's mansfield park, perhaps sums up how bihar chief minister nitish kumar scrupulously avoided greeting his alliance partner-turned-rival lalu prasad at the wedding of deputy chief minister sushil kumar modi's eldest son on sunday.
the who's who of bihar politics - including bitter foes such as lalu and giriraj singh - buried the hatchet temporarily at the wedding in which utkarsh tathagat, an mba who works with a multinational company in bangalore, tied the knot with yamini verma, a chartered accountant from calcutta.
but nitish and lalu - both of whom were at the wedding for around two hours - avoided each other throughout.
nitish sat 10 sofas away from his now estranged brother, rjd chief lalu prasad.
they did not even look at each other.
nitish reached the venue, the veterinary college grounds, at 2.
45 pm, which was 15 minutes before the scheduled time.
sushil modi went to receive him at the special entrance for vips.
lalu reached at 3.
05 pm, but sushil was busy welcoming other guests.
when lalu entered, the telegraph asked him if he would meet and greet nitish.
why not?
lalu asked back.
nitish, however, sat alone.
when he spotted ravishankarprasad prasad, he called the union minister to sit next to him.
sushil eventually went up to where lalu was sitting with former chief minister jagannath mishra, who like the rjd chief is facing trial in the fodder scam and appears before the cbi court in ranchi frequently.
the meeting between lalu and sushil modi, who has been making a series of revelations about the rjd chief's family assets, lasted not more than 15 seconds; it was just a photo-op in which they shook hands.
nitish met and greeted chief ministers raghubar das, raman singh (chhattisgarh), trivendra singh rawat (uttarakhand) and manohar lal khattar (haryana).
the bjp is bullish on bengal, and not so much on bihar.
that was the takeaway from a conversation bjp president amit shah had with a small group of journalists on sunday night in patna.
shah asserted that his party would sweep the polls in bengal.
however, his lack of equivalent enthusiasm about bihar  where 40 seats are at stake  was conspicuous.
we are going to win bengal because the people there are supporting it.
there is no left left in the state.
there is only right.
this has happened despite the government there using all means to stop us by hook or by crook, the bjp chief told the telegraph.
asked whether such a result would be an outcome of the second consecutive increase in the vote share percentage of the bjp in the lok sabha polls in bengal, shah said that vote percentage and results varied a lot and he would not go into it.
the bjp chief arrived late on sunday night in patna.
union ministers ravishankarprasad prasad  contesting from patna sahib  and giriraj singh (the bjps begusarai candidate), bihar deputy chief minister sushil kumar modi, state ministers nand kishore yadav and prem kumar were present during shahs tte--tte.
though the bjp chief did not put a number to how many of bengals 42 lok sabha seats his party would win, party national general secretary bhupender yadav did.
we will win at least 25 seats in bengal because the entire vote of the communist parties have shifted towards the bjp, said yadav, who is the bjps man-in-charge of bihar.
the people there have become frustrated with the communal politics of the state government.
they are unhappy with the government run by a nexus of hoodlums and the police and the atrocities they are committing.
they are peeved at the atmosphere of fear in the state.
chief minister mamata banerjees trinamul congress had won 34 seats in bengal with 39.
05 per cent vote share in 2014, while the left parties managed to win just two seats with a share of 29.
71 per cent of the votes.
the bjp also won two seats with a vote share of 17.
02 per cent, while the congress clinched four with a vote share of 9.
58 per cent.
though yadav also asserted that the bjp would win 38 of the 40 lok sabha seats in bihar, shah was more circumspect.
i dont know how many seats we are going to win in bihar.
i would prefer taking the opinion of the journalists based here, the bjp chief told the telegraph.
speaking at five rallies in bihar  covering the sheohar, east champaran, west champaran, siwan and maharajganj lok sabha constituencies  on monday, shah stressed on the work done by prime minister narendra modis government at the centre.
shah highlighted 133 welfare schemes for the poor, the backward castes, the dalits and women, as well as distribution of 7 crore gas connections to poor women across the country.
the bjp chief attacked the congress and its allies and declared that they were planning to give a free hand to terrorists and maoists if they came to power.
he also asked people of bihar to decide whether they wanted the reign of terror of the likes of mohammad shahabuddin in the state or the good governance of modi and chief minister nitish kumar.
new delhi, may 30: the government today asked microsoft ceo satya nadella to turn the company's india operations into an innovation lab for the region.
satya nadella in new delhi on monday.
(pti)at the microsoft conference technology for good, ideas for india, minister of state for finance jayant sinha today said, we need to innovate in india for india, only then will you (microsoft) be able to innovate for the world.
he added that making india a hub for technical breakthroughs would enable companies such as microsoft to cater to other countries, including africa, indonesia and egypt, as well.
india-born nadella, on his third visit to the country, also met prime minister narendra modi and telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad to discuss ways to increase the contribution to the government's digital india initiative.
officials said the talks also revolved around how microsoft could create a silicon valley type of tech incubator and accelerator ecosystem in india.
for global tech giants such as facebook, google, apple, dell and microsoft, india is an untapped market with a huge business potential.
this is the reason why apple's tim cook, dell's michael dell and google's sundar pichai have recently visited the country and interacted with top government officials.
nadella today said developers and entrepreneurs from india were playing a key role in driving innovation - both in the country and outside - and the company wanted to be the platform for creators here.
it's so inspiring for me to come here to see this broad spectrum of student developers, entrepreneurs, artists and even some big brands and e-commerce companies who are changing the landscape of india and thereby, the world, nadella said.
new delhi, dec.
25: for most babus, good governance began and ended at home today.
prime minister narendra modis idea of celebrating good governance day on christmas fizzled into political tokenism as his government, under fire from the opposition and minority groups over the move, largely avoided involving the administrative machinery to avert further controversy.
good governance has begun on a very promising note, modi said in a statement today.
government officials would agree, as most of them were spared from attending office and enjoyed the christmas holiday with their families.
only a handful of ministries organised seminars on good governance.
unlike the october 2 launch of modis pet swachh bharat abhiyan project, when bureaucrats worked along with their cabinet ministers, todays activities were limited to sporadic ribbon-cutting or broom-wielding by bjp parliamentarians at their constituencies.
senior party officials conceded that unlike the october 2 event, the lack of a clear to-do list on good governance day led to confusion.
perhaps picking up a broom  the symbol of the swachh bharat campaign  seemed the easiest option to many.
ravi shankar prasad marked the day by launching new initiatives by his communications and information technology ministry.
foreign minister sushma swaraj cleaned a railway station in her constituency of vidisha in madhya pradesh.
modi himself was seen cleaning the assi ghat in varanasi while lok sabha member meenakshi lekhi launched a pilot project to replace the existing streetlights with led lamps in delhi.
quizzed about the lack of a concrete programme, bjp lawmakers were forced to resort to philosophising on the meaning of good governance.
good governance is to have a proactive and approachable government that has a clear vision.
in the previous government, the leader didnt know whether to bat or ball if he won the toss, junior urban development minister babul supriyo said.
supriyo today went on a cleanliness awareness drive at mumbais goregoan railway station but confessed he had had little to do as the station was already clean.
asked why most of the lawmakers were on a cleaning spree today, supriyo said: good governance is about cleaning complications in the bureaucracy; its about a frame of mind, its about the way in which our pm wants the country to think.
cleanliness is very much a part of it.
modi had spoken of the plan to mark december 25 as good governance day at the bjps december 2 parliamentary meeting.
it was meant as a tribute to atal bihari vajpayee, who turned 90 today, but its overlap with christmas stoked controversy.
the rajya sabha was stalled for days as the opposition demanded an explanation for a human resource development ministry circular to schools to stay open on christmas day and organise events on good governance.
modi today said in his statement that good governance was about simplification of procedures and processes to bring in transparency.
an open and accountable administration is what we had promised to deliver and we will do so, he said.
modi also emphasised government use of technology.
technology is an empowering tool for the citizen and an accountability medium for the goverment, he said.
at a cabinet meeting yesterday, the prime minister had asked each ministry to come up with an electronic book containing all its achievements.
the e-books will be hosted on the ministry websites and can be read on smartphones by anyone.
finance minister arun jaitley on thursday fell back on the bjps favourite pakistan bogey to sweep aside rahul gandhis latest attack over the rafale deal and accused the congress president of trying to wriggle out of a corner on the issue of national security.
the government has been rattled by the rafale deal returning to haunt it, overshadowing the national security plank the bjp has been riding on in the aftermath of the air strikes in pakistans balakot.
at a media conference, jaitley claimed that the congress was getting high trps on pakistan television.
the congress party has, in the last few days through statements of its senior leaders cornered itself in a difficult situation.
they are getting high trps on pakistan television.
but there is revulsion as far as domestic opinion in india is concerned, jaitley said.
the motivation was collateral, to shift the focus (from national security).
jaitley sought to rubbish rahuls demand for a criminal investigation against the prime minister in connection with the rafale deal by claiming that the congress leaders facts were completely wrong.
the government has repeatedly made its position clear.
the supreme court has spoken on it.
the cag (comptroller and auditor general) has already analysed it, jaitley said.
no dynast can claim that he is above the supreme court or the cag and that their verdicts and findings dont apply to them, the finance minister added.
sidestepping the rafale deal, jaitley focused on attacking the opposition for questioning the pact.
he brushed aside questions being raised by some family members of the crpf soldiers killed in the pulwama attack, saying it was not the fundamental issue.
the fundamental issue is that india tried to strike at the root of terror through the surgical strike and the air strikes and i think our effort has been successful.
why do some people have a problem with this?
jaitley asked.
the entire country is supporting the governments decision, the army and air forces valour and we shouldnt weaken and deflect it by raising petty issues, he added.
later, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad targeted rahul over his meeting with g20 envoys on wednesday.
what did he tell them as far as the pulwama terror attack and the air strikes by india are concerned?
did he convey to them the view of the country and the government or the congresss view?
he asked.
new delhi, dec.
21: narendra modi backers are annoyed by the perceived under-projection of his third-time victory by central bjp leaders.
sources said the gujarat chief minister was peeved when he heard rajiv pratap rudy, a bjp spokesperson, describe the win as modest on a tv channel and asked some leaders if the view was shared by others.
rudy, the sources said, was pulled up and told to amend his words, which he did later.
other sources in delhi claimed the muted response was a strategy to contain debate on whether modis projection as the bjps prime ministerial candidate was inevitable.
the tv discussions were less about the gujarat verdict and much more about the leadership issue.
therefore, we chose to underplay the victory because that would have fuelled the speculation even more and, perhaps, provoked strong reactions from nitish kumars people.
that would have dampened the spirit, a source said.
.
sources said modi was particularly annoyed that his party had let go unanswered finance minister p. chidambarams spin on the gujarat results as a victory for the congress.
chidambaram had pointed to the marginal fall in the bjps tally and equal increase in the congress seats.
lok sabha opposition leader sushma swaraj  otherwise on the dot on her twitter site  was silent on modi.
she had said during the campaign that he had all the qualities needed to become prime minister but later moderated her statement.
sushmas rajya sabha counterpart arun jaitley and chief party spokesperson ravishankarprasad prasad were the only leaders of significance to appear on tv.
bjp president nitin gadkaris pithy response was that the people of gujarat had again chosen the bjp under modi for the states development.
a modi supporter contrasted the muted reactions to the joyous outbursts of leaders, from gadkari downwards, when the bjp won bihar with its ally, nitishs janata dal (united), in november 2010.
the leaders made it a point to sit in the headquarters and give sound bites.
yesterday, they went conspicuously missing, said the supporter.
all eyes are now on leaders who are expected to attend modis swearing-in ceremony in gandhinagar on december 26.
lk advani at the banka rally on monday.
picture by amit kumar barahat (banka), april 14: bjp patriarch l.k. advani today appealed to the electorate to strengthen narendra modis hands and make him the prime minster for a stronger india in the 21st century, setting all controversies to rest.
the progress of the country stands stalled because of the upas misrule.
the country will be on the fast track of progress, prosperity and strength if you support modi to become the prime minister, advani said, addressing a rally for the first time in bihar after his anti-corruption rath yatra in 2011.
in a way, advani put to rest the controversy triggered by his description of the bjps prime ministerial candidate (modi) merely as an event manager at his gandhinagar rally recently.
the congress and other rivals chirped that modi did not have the approval from advani to become the prime minister.
setting that record straight, advani today attacked the chief minister, nitish kumar, for the first time.
while describing nitish as a betrayer, he sounded in tune with modi and bihar bjp leaders on this front.
recalling how he had invited nitish to the bjp national executive session ahead of the 1996 lok sabha elections, advani said: the nda has given opportunity to many leaders to become what they are today.
but in return, the leaders like nitish betrayed us.
we have maintained our dharma with friendship.
but the elections, this time around, will show him (read nitish) the results of the betrayal.
advani addressed a rally of an appreciable and responsive crowd of around 8,000 people at a small ground near the barhat block office in the banka lok sabha constituency from where putul kumari singh, the widow of former banka mp digvijay singh, is seeking re-election as the bjp candidate.
the ground was packed to its size with people listening to advani patiently under the blazing sun.
contrary to modis rallies in bihar  by and large devoid of the presence of the muslims  advanis rally drew appreciable crowd from the minority community.
several of them were appreciative of and respectful to advani.
we feel that the atal bihari vajpayee-l.k. advani era was nice and kind to us.
we hope that modi will work under advanijis guidance, giving the minorities a fair treatment.
advaniji is a seasoned statesman.
we are looking up to him, mohammad jafar, a fruit-seller at bounsi who attended the rally, told the telegraph.
advani also carried on with his scathing attack on the manmohan singh government but in a polished manner.
my friends have invariably prevented me from being caustic on manmohan because he is a gentleman by nature.
but i hold the view that he has kept mum on large-scale corruption ailing his government.
now, sanjaya barus book has exposed his silence on corruption.
it has buttressed my belief that manmohan is a week prime minister.
he attacked the congress president, sonia gandhi, and the upa dispensation as a whole, pushing india into a quagmire of inefficiency, policy paralysis and backwardness.
he predicted a doom for the congress-led upa in the ensuing elections.
advani was more sarcastic on the rjd boss, lalu prasad, than critical.
i always get excited about visiting bihar.
it is because lalu had got me arrested on my way to ayodhya.
that event had changed the political course of india, helping the bjp to emerge what it is today.
describing the vajpayee-led nda era as the golden period in indian history, advani said vajpayee had initiated several measures to strengthen the countrys infrastructure.
but sonia gandhi demeaned the pms office by making manmohan a puppet in her hands and derailing the process of growth and development.
senior bjp leader ravishankarprasad prasad and the party candidate from banka putul were among others accompanying advani on the dais.
sonia and rahul.
(file picture) new delhi, may 12: the congress contested the impression of a setback in the national herald case today and accused the government of spreading disinformation with the sole intention of maligning the party.
abhishek manu singhvi, congress spokesperson and the senior lawyer representing the party in the case, said a writ petition had been filed in delhi high court raising jurisdictional issues over an income-tax department decision to reopen a five-year-old assessment.
the court recorded my statement and asked me to raise all these issues, including the objection to the jurisdiction, before the i-t department.
satisfied with the liberty given, i withdrew the writ, singhvi said.
the court today declined to stay the tax proceedings in the case, which involves sonia gandhi, rahul gandhi and others, and asked them to approach the tax authorities.
singhvi accused government agencies of spreading disinformation.
unsigned notes are being circulated by government agencies to spread disinformation about the case.
we have one note which carries a summary with distorted facts and lies.
it is astonishing that the government has no better thing to do than to malign its political rival.
it reflects their fear, insecurity and vindictiveness.
singhvi expressed dismay at some media reports suggesting the court had asked the tax department to investigate fraud in the case and others that indicated sonia and rahul would have to appear in court.
if the court has said so, i will tender an apology.
what is being reported is not true, it borders on contempt of court.
the government only wants to malign us and oblige its proxies who are fighting in the court.
the case is based on a private complaint filed by bjp mp subramanian swamy, accusing the gandhis and the others of conspiring to cheat and misappropriate funds belonging to associate journals, which ran the now-defunct national herald, by floating a company called young indian.
the other accused are motilal vora, oscar fernandes, suman dubey and sam pitroda.
the trial court had in 2015 granted bail to sonia, rahul and the others.
earlier today, a bench of justices s. muralidhar and chander shekhar had told singhvi: we are not inclined to entertain your writ petition.
it is better you withdraw it and approach the income-tax assessing officer.
in case it is still not satisfied, the company can move the court thereafter.
the bench did not ask the tax department to proceed against the gandhis.
young indian - a not-for-profit company in which some of the congress leaders have shares - had moved the court to have the proceedings stayed and the tax re-assessment for the assessment year 2011-12 quashed.
the income-tax department also opposed the petition on the ground that the firm had not approached the assessing officer and, hence, its plea was not maintainable.
although today's petition did not relate to the merits of the case, the bjp was quick to welcome the court's refusal to stay the tax proceedings.
union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said: it would be in the gandhis' interest if they cooperated with the income-tax authorities.
the national herald, a congress-run newspaper, had become a sort of family concern, something which had never happened during jawaharlal nehru's time.
they must remember that this involves a serious ethical and moral issue.
there is an important question of propriety.
democracy runs on public morality.
singhvi, however, asserted that the congress was proud of its association with the herald as it was an important voice in the freedom movement.
he said young indian was registered under section 25 of the companies act, which bars profit for any individual and shifting of assets.
roshan kumarfuture focus: the moin-ul-haq stadium on monday.
picture by manoj kumarpatna: the renovation and beautification work of moin-ul-haq stadium has started.
as per the agreement between the state government and bihar cricket association (bca) which is the associate member of bcci, the state government has handed over the stadium to the bca from april 1.
bca general-secretary ravishankarprasad prasad singh said: on april 1, we received the stadium from the state government.
the next process is signing an mou with the state government for its construction and revamp.
singh claimed renovation and construction work at the stadium will be carried out once the mou is signed.
however, the bca has started the beautification work.
cutting of grasses and levelling of the ground has started.
an official of the bca supervising the renovation work said: there are overgrown grasses.
we are cutting the grasses.
due to poor maintenance of the stadium, the ground is uneven which is dangerous for the players.
the official said: once the mou is signed, the next step will be construction work of the stadium.
as per the bca plan, the main pitch will be developed along with 10 practice pitches.
also the pavilion will be developed along with facilities such as electronic scoreboard, floodlights and others.
the swimming pool located on the premises will be developed for players and accommodation facilities of international standard will be created.
on april 25, the bca will start the selection trial of players from different age groups - under-17, under-19 and under-23 for the state team.
saket kumar, an under-23 player, said: we are waiting for the selection trials as it is being carried out by an official body of the bcci after decades.
new delhi, july 15: the bjp today launched an attack against home minister p. chidambaram on several fronts, ranging from the 2g spectrum scandal to wednesdays mumbai blasts, seeking his interrogation and resignation.
a delegation of bjp leaders, led by spokesperson prakash javadekar, met cbi director a.p. singh to seek chidambarams interrogation in the spectrum case.
chidambaram was the union finance minister in 2007-2008 when the 2g licences were handed out.
bjp spokesperson ravishankarprasad prasad also picked on chidambarams statement yesterday about all indian cities being vulnerable to terror attacks.
if the home minister says that all indian cities are vulnerable, then the bjp would like to ask why should the home minister remain secure in his chair, he said.
it is unusual for a cbi chief to meet a political delegation.
sources, however, said the cbi director granted time after pestering by bjp leaders who claimed they had 2g evidence.
from the office noting dated 5.
11.
2008 (received under rti act), it is clear that mr raja has communicated to the then fm (finance minister) about the sale of licence and selling of stake by promoters to 2nd party for money .
the then fm has clarified that these companies are acting as per the corporate laws.
it is clear that fm was consented to all the process, which was facilitating the scam , the bjps letter said.
this (the bill) is a question of humanity.
this is for ensuring justice to women, dignity and empowerment to women and to ensure gender dignity and equality, ravishankarprasad prasad said.
telegraph file photoa contentious bill that makes instant triple talaq a criminal offence and provides for a jail term to a muslim man for the crime, was moved for passage in rajya sabha on tuesday, with the congress opposing the criminal angle in it and nda ally jd(u) staging a walkout.
moving the muslim women (protection of rights on marriage) bill, 2019, in the upper house, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said the proposed legislation should be not seen through a political prism or vote bank politics because it aims at ensuring gender dignity, justice and equality.
this is a question of humanity.
this is for ensuring justice to women, dignity and empowerment to women and to ensure gender dignity and equality, he said.
he said more than 20 islamic countries have regulated instant triple talaq in various forms.
india is a secular country, but unfortunately for one reason or the other it could not happen, he said.
urging members to approve the bill, prasad said the practice of instant triple talaq has continued despite the supreme court banning it through a judgment.
the government had thought that this illegal practice would stop after the apex court judgment but it did not, he said.
as many as 574 cases of the illegal practice were reported after the supreme court judgment and 101 cases have come to light after the ordinance issued by the government criminalising the practice, he said.
chairman m. venkaiah naidu has allotted four hours for discussing the legislation.
if the tiger got its statistical roar back on monday, some of its admirers, too, have regained their voice but only partly.
discovery channel on monday confirmed that prime minister narendra modi was filmed in the jim corbett national park in uttarakhand for the survival show man vs wild.
there is nothing illegal or wrong in co-starring in a well-intentioned show that promotes environment conservation.
however, if discovery will not say when the episode was shot, the indian government will not disclose either the location or the date.
both factors have a context.
claims had surfaced that the prime minister was at corbett for a photo shoot during the pulwama carnage of february 14, when 40 crpf personnel were massacred.
the attack had taken place at 3.
10pm.
quoting an uttarakhand official, the telegraph had reported that modi was in the park, where he went on a safari and participated in filming from 2.
30pm to 4.
30pm.
modi had briefly addressed a rally after that, during which he did not refer to the terror strike, which had fuelled questions whether he had been apprised of the attack.
the opposition congress had also cited the filming as evidence of insensitivity.
on february 21, when the controversy broke, bjp leader and law minister ravishankarprasad prasad had said modi was in ramnagar for an official programme related to tiger conservation on the day of the pulwama attack.
the corbett park is located in ramnagar but prasad had neither specifically mentioned the sanctuary nor any tv programme.
on monday, british survival instructor and reality show host edward michael bear grylls tweeted a promo of the august 12 episode of his discovery channel show man vs wild, which co-stars modi.
modi also shared the promo on twitter.
a media release by discovery added: this special episode, which has been shot in the jim corbett national park, will be a frank and freewheeling journey, throws light on wildlife conservation, highlighting issues related to environmental change.
the adventurous pair even have to make a raft & cross a jungle river together!
the release quoted modi as saying: for years, i have lived among nature, in the mountains and the forests.
these years have a lasting impact on my life.
so when i was asked about a special programme focusing on life beyond politics and that too in the midst of nature i was both intrigued and inclined to take part in it.
for me, this show presents a great opportunity to showcase to the world indias rich environmental heritage and stress on the importance of environment conservation and living in harmony with nature.
asked when the episode was shot at corbett park, discovery channel had not responded to this newspaper till monday night.
the indian government would not even confirm the shooting took place at corbett.
a government spokesperson said he cannot confirm where the show has been filmed.
on february 21, when this newspaper had asked discovery whether there was a shoot of the prime minister on february 14 at the park, an executive had said: we have no information at all.
the following day, after a series of repeated unanswered calls and messages, a senior official of discovery had said: i cant tell you anything.
please understand.
give me time.
i will get back to you.
he could not specify when the response would come.
on july 29, five months after the question was asked and two months after the general election results were announced, discovery said an episode was shot in the park.
the information on when it took place is still awaited.
in the picture tejashwi posted on twitter (clockwise from top left), sharpshooter mohammad kaif, wanted in connection with siwan journalist rajdev ranjan's murder, is seen with union minister of state for minority affairs mukhtar abbas naqvi; iqbal ansari, wanted in the murder of akash dey, son of a photojournalist, with union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad; bjp leader sushil modi with iqbal; bjp leader nand kishore yadav with iqbal patna, sept.
16: deputy chief minister tejashwi yadav kept firing today in the war over politicians' photographs with criminals by tweeting pictures of four bjp ministers including two union ministers purportedly appearing with mohammad kaif - an absconding accused in siwan journalist rajdev ranjan's murder case - and iqbal ansari, wanted in the case related to the murder of akash dey, the son of a patna-based photojournalist.
tejashwi has been on the warpath ever since photographs of his brother and health minister tej pratap with two absconding accused in rajdev's murder went viral on social media earlier this week, lending ammunition to the opposition to target the rjd's first family.
when tej pratap's first picture went viral, bjp leader sushil kumar modi had quipped:  bade miyan to bade miyan, chhote miyan subhanallah (roughly means like father, like son).
tejashwi had responded by posting pictures of prime minister narendra modi with rape accused asaram bapu.
in the pictures tejashwi tweeted today, kaif is seen with minister of state for minority affairs mukhtar abbas naqvi, and ansari is seen with law minister ravishankarprasad prasad is seen with ansari.
in two more pictures, senior bjp leaders sushil kumar modi and nand kishore yadav are seen with ansari.
the telegraph has not independently established the veracity of the pictures.
tweeting the pictures, tejashwi asked the bjp leaders to speak up as they were demanding resignation of his brother tej pratap.
he added: dare!
who can get bjp leaders byte on it?
are bjp leaders honest enough to give statement like us?
why bjp running.
reacting to the pictures, nand kishore said: it is their government and their police.
if they feel that i am an accused then they must take action against me; who has stopped them?
however, by posting the photos the sins of the rjd will not end.
sushil modi said he has no information about any such pictures and did not want to comment.
the bjp's focus is now on bihar with elections in jharkhand and jammu & kashmir out of the way and less than a year left for assembly polls here.
to get in election mode, the state bjp has decided to observe socialist leader karpoori thakur's birth anniversary in a big way.
the bjp will hold a main function at sk memorial hall to be attended by bjp national president amit shah.
that apart, the party will also mark the occasion at all district headquarters.
bjp sources said the party has decided to organise the anniversary in a big way to catch the attention of the extremely backward classes (ebcs), a cluster of over 100 castes who account for around 30 per cent of the state's population.
remembering former chief minister thakur has become a political ritual in bihar.
all parties, especially socialist ones (rjd, jdu), usually have their say at such functions.
the bjp has organised such functions earlier too, but it was never in the same league as those by the rjd and jdu.
state bjp unit president mangal pandey said: we follow the ideals of pandit deendayal upadhyaya, who stressed on development of people from lower strata of society.
karpoori thakur, too, believes in the same ideals.
attacking the jdu and rjd, pandey said thakur opposed the congress view throughout his life, but both his followers, lalu and nitish, are sitting on the congress' lap for survival.
the bjp will hold a meeting of panchayat to district-level party workers at gandhi maidan in april.
a turnout of around one lakh party workers is expected.
amit shah will address it, pandey said.
the bjp is also organising a two-day meeting of its state working committee in patna on january 5 and 6.
state bjp in-charge bhupendra yadav, state bjp unit president mangal pandey, sushil kumar modi, ministers from bihar in the narendra modi cabinet, including radha mohan singh, ravishankarprasad prasad, rajiv pratap rudy, dharmendra pradhan, giriraj singh and ram kirpal yadav and other senior leaders will attend the meeting.
r. balajinew delhi: the nda government, which has sought a review of the supreme court judgment allowing anticipatory bail to those accused of committing offences under the sc, st (prevention of atrocities) act, had earlier supported a plea for grant of such relief.
the march 20 judgment refers to a submission by additional solicitor-general maninder singh, saying: learned asg submitted that.
.
.
decisions of this court.
.
.
(in previous cases under the law) permit grant of anticipatory bail if no prima facie case is made out.
thus, in genuine cases, anticipatory bail can be granted.
the court on tuesday refused to grant a stay on the verdict, which also bars immediate arrest of the accused, while agreeing to hear the centre's appeal.
but the amicus curiae (friend of the court appointed to assist it in the case), amrendra sharan, questioned the government's stand.
the senior counsel said the verdict was passed on the basis of material from the centre's data, particularly the national crime records bureau, parliamentary proceedings and information culled from the ministry of social justice.
these (findings) had been rightly recorded, including the acknowledgement of the abuse that has come from the union of india.
they gave the data, they gave the submission and now they are challenging the same?
sharan said, pointing to the attorney-general.
union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad's claim on monday that the centre was not made a party to the case has come under strain.
the supreme court did issue a formal notice to the attorney-general for his views before giving its ruling.
on november 20, 2017, staying criminal proceedings against subhas kashinath mahajan, an official against whom an fir was filed under the act, the bench had ordered: in the meanwhile, there shall be stay of further proceedings.
issue notice to attorney-general of india also as the issue involves interpretation of a central statute.
in the march 20 judgment, referring to additional solicitor-general singh's submission, the court had said: he also submitted that the government of india had issued advisories on 3rd february, 2005, 1st april, 2010, and 23rd may, 2016, and also further amended the atrocities act vide amendment act no.
1 of 2016 which provides for creation of special courts as well as exclusive special courts.
referring to the ncrb data, it was further submitted that of the total number of complaints investigated by police in 2015, for scs and sts, in almost 15-16 per cent cases, the competent police authorities had filed closure reports.
of the cases disposed of by courts in 2015, more than 75 per cent resulted in acquittal/ withdrawal or compounding of the cases.
it was submitted that certain complaints were received alleging misuse of the atrocities act and a question was also raised in parliament as to what punishment should be handed in case of false cases.
our correspondentbhubaneswar: the state government on friday urged the centre to set up a regional centre of the centre for development of advanced computing (cdac) here to accelerate research in high performance computing and data analytics and its application in industries and governance.
the pune-based cdac is an autonomous scientific society of the department of electronics and information technology under the union ministry of communications and information technology.
establishing a cdac regional centre in bhubanewar will enable faculty, phd scholars and students to solve problems of state and national importance, chief minister naveen patnaik said in a letter to union minister of electronics and information technology ravishankarprasad prasad.
being a coastal state prone to cyclone, odisha can benefit from the application of high performance computing can particularly help in weather forecasting and disaster management, naveen said.
the chief minister pointed out that at present, the cdac regional centre for the eastern part of the country was only located in calcutta.
arguing in favour of setting up of a cdac regional centre in bhubaneswar, the chief minister said: odisha has been making steady progress in the field of electronics and information and communication technology.
in its bid to draw more investment in the it and electronics sector, the state government is developing a dedicated electronics park near bhubaneswar with state-of-the-art infrastructure and research facilities that will house electronics manufacturing units.
the state has also got two it sezs with all major it companies operating from there.
one cdac centre of excellence has already been set up at vss university of technology in burla, he said.
amit bhelaripatna: the congress claimed a rajya sabha seat from bihar after 16 years with former union minister akhilesh prasad singh filing his nomination on monday.
six candidates filed nominations on the last day for as many seats, which will enable all of them to be elected.
the last congress leader from bihar in the rajya sabha was r.k. dhawan in 2002.
the congress was a major political force in the state till the '90s.
cut to 2010, and it had just four mlas, which bounced back to 27 in 2015 thanks to the grand alliance with rjd and jdu.
the fluid political situation in bihar, where there was a possibility of a seventh candidate, seems to have helped akhilesh.
the congress had earlier wanted former lok sabha speaker meira kumar, but she reportedly refused.
other factors that could have helped akhilesh include his proximity to rjd chief lalu prasad (akhilesh was the rjd's minister in the upa government), and his bhumihar caste.
the bhumihars have switched loyalties from the congress to the bjp, and congress leaders believe they need the caste's support to revive the party in bihar.
the other distinguishing features of the rajya sabha nominations from bihar this year are that there are no outsider candidates and no dalit or backward caste candidate.
apart from akhilesh, those who filed their nominations were the rjd's manoj jha and ahmad ashfaque karim, the jdu's bashishtha narayan singh and king mahendra, and the bjp's ravishankarprasad prasad who filed his nomination for the fourth consecutive term.
akhilesh and mahendra are bhumihars.
bashishtha is a rajput.
jha is a brahmin.
ravi shankar is a kayasth.
karim is from the minority community.
some observers pointed to karim and mahendra's financial status.
both karim and mahendra are wealthy people and there is nothing wrong in it because every political party needs money to run the organisation, a former rajya sabha member said.
justice chelameswarnew delhi, may 10 (pti): justice j. chelameswar, the senior-most judge of the supreme court, has urged chief justice dipak misra to convene a meeting of the collegium to urgently forward to the centre the name of uttarakhand chief justice k.m. joseph as the judge of the apex court.
the government had on april 26 returned the collegium's recommendation to elevate justice joseph seeking its reconsideration, saying the proposal was not in accordance with the top court's parameters and there was adequate representation of kerala in the higher judiciary from where he hails.
it had also questioned his seniority for elevation as a judge of the apex court.
justice chelameswar, in his letter to the cji late on wednesday evening has said he was iterating his decision for the elevation of justice joseph since there was no change in the circumstance that had led the collegium to recommend his name to the government on january 10.
it is also learnt that, justice chelameswar, who retires on june 22, has responded to all the points raised in the communication to the cji by law minister ravishankarprasad prasad expressing reservations on the elevation of justice joseph.
the meeting of the collegium was expected to take place on wednesday but justice chelameswar was on leave.
besides the cji and justice chelameswar, other members of the collegium are justices ranjan gogoi, m.b. lokur and kurian joseph.
justice kurian joseph, during his visit to kerala last week, had also reportedly made it clear that he was in favour of reiterating the recommendation of the collegium on the issue of uttarakhand chief justice joseph.
though no official word was there on when the collegium would meet, the official said it is for the cji to fix the date as there is no other agenda but to discuss the issue of returning the recommendation relating to justice joseph to the centre.
earlier also, notwithstanding the letters written by the collegium members to the cji which had come into the public domain, the centre had disregarded the recommendation about justice joseph.
amit roychristopher wylie in london.
(afp)london: christopher wylie, a whistleblower who earlier worked for cambridge analytica, told a house of commons select committee on tuesday that he believed the congress was their client and that his former employers had staff and offices in india.
the claim took about a minute or so during the three-and-a-half hours of testimony before the commons select committee on digital, culture, media and sport.
paul farrelly, the labour mp for newcastle-under-lyme, had introduced the topic of india.
just going back to facebook's biggest user market.
you focus on the world's biggest democracy, he told wylie.
lots and lots of elections over time - india has been a prime sort of business.
you mentioned they have done quite a bit of work on india.
could you describe.
.
.
?
wylie said he had some documents on india.
i believe their client was congress but i know that they have done all kinds of projects both regional and.
.
.
.
i don't remember a national project but i know regionally.
throwing his hands into the air, he continued: india's so big that one state can be as big as britain.
but they do have offices there, they do have staff there.
i believe i have some documentation on india which i can also provide the committee if that is something they are interested in.
very welcome.
.
.
, was the response.
the subject of india was left at that.
in delhi,law minister ravishankarprasad prasad demanded that congress president rahul gandhi apologise to the nation for trying to subvert india's election process.
cambridge analytica whistleblower christopher wylie has accepted before the british parliamentary committee that cambridge analytica worked for the congress party.
this vindicates what we have been saying from day one, he said.
the congress party needs to apologise to the nation for data theft and (for) trying to manipulate voters.
rahul gandhi needs to apologise to the nation for trying to subvert india's election process using the brahmastra of cambridge analytica.
the nation demands an answer.
congress communications chief randeep surjewala asserted that the party had never hired the services of the british political consulting firm and accused prasad of selectively presenting facts from the proceedings at the commons.
we dare the government to register an fir against cambridge analytica and its indian partner firm obi.
let the truth be out as there have been enough of falsehood by the 'lie' minister, he said.
when a foreigner says something somewhere, the law minister comes out to give statements.
but when an indian citizen testified before camera that cambridge analytica worked in india to harm the congress on behalf of the bjp, there is no response.
new delhi, oct.
10: the congress today seized on narendra modi's statement that vijaya dashami this year would be very special to argue that the prime minister had joined other members of his party and government in milking the army's surgical strikes across the border for political gain.
congress communications chief randeep surjewala said: yesterday modi made an indirect comment but joined the queue of bjp leaders and cabinet ministers who have tried to exploit the army's valour for political gain.
the prime minister did not explicitly refer to the surgical strikes in yesterday's speech.
surjewala added: the modi government has committed the crime of giving a bjp colour to the indian army's valour.
the bjp is using the soldiers' sacrifices for political dividends.
the soldier sacrifices his life in the service of the country, not to enhance the 56-inch chest to a 100-inch chest.
madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan had, while congratulating modi for the strikes on terror launch pads across the line of control, said that the 56-inch chest had now swelled to 100 inches.
last week party vice-president rahul gandhi had angered the bjp when he accused the narendra modi government of hiding behind soldiers' blood and asked it not to do  dalali with their sacrifice.
today, surjewala brought up a strike codenamed operation ginger across the loc on september 30, 2011 - when the upa was in power - whose details have come out only now.
the political leadership did not make a song and dance about it.
the military carried out similar strikes in the past.
former army chief general bikram singh, lt gen.
p.n. hoon and lt gen.
h.s. panag have also confirmed this has happened in the past.
but for the first time, the bjp is snatching the credit from the army.
the congress sought an apology from the prime minister, defence minister manohar parrikar and telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad and bjp chief amit shah for insulting the army's valour through the lie that soldiers had crossed the line of control for the first time.
they want to undermine the glorious history of the army, surjewala said.
pointing to the posters and hoardings that have come up in poll-bound uttar pradesh and punjab, surjewala said: soldiers sacrifice their lives and modi is projected as lord ram.
the valour of the army is being used to stretch modi's chest from 56 inches to 100 inches.
madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan said so.
manohar parrikar is being felicitated, from goa to lucknow.
the bjp and the government should forthwith stop this shameless exploitation of soldiers' valour.
bsp duo join party two senior bahujan samaj party (bsp) leaders today joined the congress, in a blow to mayawati before the uttar pradesh elections and a boost to the national party which does not have many backward caste leaders.
brijlal khabri, a former lok sabha and rajya sabha member and a bsp general secretary, is a dalit.
dhruv ram, three-time mla and former minister, is from the lodhi community.
both alleged that they had to quit because mayawati sells party tickets.
the same allegation had been levelled by two other senior leaders, swami prasad maurya and r.k. chaudhary, who quit the bsp recently.
khabri, who said he was with the bsp for 32 years, said: i had to leave because i was not in a position to arrange the money asked for.
i had earlier managed the amount for the lok sabha election in 2014.
he took the moral high ground today and said: babban chouhan from mughalsarai was asked for rs 2 crore for an assembly ticket.
we joined kanshi ram for a cause, for a mission.
after his death, mayawati changed the party's culture.
we wanted to fight for social equality, not for empowering one leader.
she has derailed the mission.
dhruv ram went farther: nobody is spared, they couldn't ask me directly as i was one of the founder members and hence asked for 'margin money'.
i said, 'what is margin money?
' money is taken for every post, up to the nagar palika level.
if mayawati doesn't take money, ask her to swear by lord buddha, ambedkar and kanshi ram, we will accept her version.
we saved her when mulayam's goondas tried to kill her and today.
.
.
paisa sab kuchh ho gaya (money is everything).
roshan kumarfuture glance: chief minister nitish kumar and union minister of electronics and it ravishankarprasad prasad look at a model after inaugurating the national institute of electronics & information technology building at bihta on monday.
picture by nagendra kumar singhbihta: chief minister nitish kumar on monday reminded union minister of electronics and information technology (it), ravishankarprasad prasad, of his promises to bihar.
a lot of work is being carried out in it sector across the country, but the minister, who is from bihar, should give special attention to bihar and speed up pending projects in the state, nitish said after inaugurating the national institute of electronics & information technology's (nielit)'s new campus at bihta, 40km west of patna.
nitish reminded ravishankarprasad prasad, a rajya sabha member from bihar, of the promise at the it conclave in patna in september about setting up a cellphone-manufacturing unit in the state.
ravi ji, you are a minister from bihar holding an important department.
you should give special attention to bihar, nitish said.
last year, at the it conclave you promised to set up a cellphone manufacturing unit in bihar but even after over six months the project is yet to start.
also, you had promised to set up c-dac (centre for development of advanced computing) in bihar, but work is yet to commence.
the chief minister also said there was only one nielit centre in bihar.
you said there are 41 nielit centres in india, but only one in bihar, nitish said.
your promise of setting up nielit centres at buxar and muzaffarpur is yet to even start.
setting up more nielit centres will address the unemployment problem in bihar.
in a lighter vein, he asked the union minister to speed up pending it and electronics projects, as only a year is left for the general elections.
nitish also expressed concern at over-dependence on it.
progress in it sector is good, but over-dependence on it is making humans lazy and limiting brain use, nitish said.
deputy chief minister sushil kumar modi, too, urged ravishankarprasad prasad to ensure his department focuses on the state's overall development.
he urged him to make the employee self-service (ess) hospital in bihta functional.
the 100-bed ess hospital is almost ready but is yet to start functioning, sushil said.
i urge ravi ji to take up the issue with the labour minister so that the hospital can become operational.
earlier, while speaking on the occasion, the union it minister highlighted work his department had done in the past four years.
the minister threw light on how with the introduction of digital technology, the government had checked ghost beneficiaries in the public distribution system (pds) and free lgp distribution.
with the use of digital technology, the government has saved rs 57,000 crore, ravi said.
as there is direct benefit transfer (dbt), real beneficiaries are getting benefits.
the it minister also highlighted increase in cellphone users and aadhar number holders because of digital technology.
chief minister nitish kumar today reminded union minister of electronicsand information technology (it), ravishankarprasad prasad of the promises he hadmade from his department in bihar.
nitish while inaugurating the new campusof national institute of electronics & information technology (nielit) atbihta40 km west of patna said: a lot of work is being carried out inelectronics and it sector across the country, but the minister who is frombihar should give special attention to bihar and speed up the pendingprojects in state.
?
nitish reminded ravishankarprasad prasad who is rajya sabha member from bihar ofthe promise he had made about setting up a mobile manufacturing unit at theit conclave held on september last year in patna.
nitish said: ravi ji you are minister from bihar holding an importantdepartment.
you should give special attention to bihar.
last year at itconclave you promised to set up a mobile manufacturing unit in bihar buteven after passing of more than six months the project is yet to start.
also, at the same it conclave you promised to set up c-dac (centre fordevelopment of advanced computing) in bihar, but the work in the project isyet to commence.
?
the chief minister also pulled union it minister for only one centre ofnielit in bihar.
he said: you said that there are 41 nielit centres incountry, but in bihar there is only one nielit centre.
your promise ofsetting up nielit centre at buxar and muzaffarpur is yet to start.
settingup more nielit centre will address the unemployment problems of youths inbihar.
?
chief minister in a lighter mode asked the union it minister tospeed up the pending it and electronics projects in state as only one yearis left for general elections.
chief minister made the observation in presence of his deputy sushil kumarmodi and union minister of state for rural development ram kripal yadav.
the chief minister also expressed his concern over dependence ofinformation technology (it) by people.
nitish said: progress anddevelopment in it sector is good, but the over dependence of people on itsector is making human being lazy and limit an individual from using hisbrain.
like, nitish kumar, deputy chief minister sushil kumar modi too urged ravishankar prasad for giving more focus from his department in overalldevelopment of state.
modi urged the union minister for making the employeeself-service (ess) hospital in bihta functional.
modi said: the 100 bedess hospital at bihta is almost ready but it is yet to start functional.
irequest ravi ji to take up the issue with minister labour department sothat the ess hospital in bihta becomes operational.
earlier, while speaking on the occasion, union it minister highlighted thework that his department has done in past four years.
the minister threwlight how with introduction of digital technology, government has checkedghost beneficiaries in public distribution scheme (pds) and free lgpdistribution.
prasad said: with the use of digital technology thegovernment has saved rs 57,000 crore as there is direct benefit transfer(dbt) real beneficiaries are getting benefits.
the it minister alsohighlighted about increase in mobile phone users, aadhar number holders dueto digital technology.
ambani had met the french defence minister days before the signing of the deal during modi's visit to france in 2015, rahul said.
shutterstock photocongress president rahul gandhi on tuesday accused prime minister narendra modi of acting as a middleman for anil ambani in the rafale jet deal.
he cited an email to claim that the businessman was aware of the mou before india and france signed it.
ambani's knowledge of a defence deal under preparation, which even the then defence minister had said he was not aware of, is in violation of the official secrets act, rahul alleged at a news conference, and said this puts modi in jail.
only modi could have told ambani about the deal in advance, he alleged.
this is treason.
he (modi) is doing what spies do, rahul said.
ambani had met the french defence minister days before the signing of the deal during modi's visit to france in 2015, rahul said, purportedly quoting from an email written by an airbus executive to a french official.
the congress president also rejected the comptroller and auditor general report on the rafale deal, and dubbed it chowkidar auditor general report.
the bjp dismissed rahul's allegations as shamelessness and irresponsibility.
it said that the email the congress chief had cited to criticise the prime minister referred to some chopper deal and not the purchase of the fighter aircraft.
senior party leader and union minister ravishankarprasad prasad also put airbus, whose internal email was cited by the congress president, in the dock, saying the european aircraft manufacturer is under the needle of suspicion in deals finalised during the previous congress-led government.
he asked rahul to answer how he got hold of the company's internal communication and accused him of acting as a lobbyist for foreign firms.
soon after rahul's news conference, prasad said his party had serious differences with former prime ministers who came from the gandhi family over several murky defence deals signed during their terms but never accused them of treason.
he (rahul gandhi) has thrown muck on his own face by abusing our honest prime minister.
.
.
.
we will expose his lies before the public, he said.
women protest in delhi against triple talaq in may 2017.
the telegraph file picturea fresh bill to make tripe talaq a penal offence was introduced in the lok sabha on monday to replace an ordinance issued in september.
under the proposed law, giving instant triple talaq will be illegal and void and will attract a jail term of three years for the husband.
the fresh bill will supersede an earlier bill passed in the lok sabha and pending in the rajya sabha.
an earlier bill was approved by the lower house.
but amid opposition by some parties in the upper house, the government had cleared some amendments, including introduction of a provision of bail, to make it more palatable.
but as the bill continued to face resistance in the rajya sabha, the government issued an ordinance in september, incorporating amendments.
an ordinance has a life of six months.
but from the day a session begins, the ordinance has to be replaced by a bill which should be passed by parliament within 42 days (six weeks), else it lapses.
the government is at liberty to re-promulgate the ordinance if the bill fails to get through parliament.
introducing the bill, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said despite the supreme court striking down the practice of talaq-e-biddat (instant triple talaq) as unconstitutional, men were divorcing their wives on flimsy grounds and even via whatsapp.
congress leader shashi tharoor opposed the introduction of the bill, saying divorce cannot be made a penal offence and its provisions are against basic principles of the constitution.
but prasad said improvements have been made in the bill and the law is essential to help muslim women.
while the proposed law makes it a non-bailable offence, an accused can approach a magistrate even before trial to seek bail.
in a non-bailable offence, bail cannot be granted by police at the police station itself.
a provision has been added to allow the magistrate to grant bail after hearing the wife.
the magistrate would ensure that bail is granted only after the husband agrees to grant compensation to the wife as provided in the bill.
the quantum of compensation will be decided by the magistrate, as per the bill.
the police would lodge an fir only if approached by the victim (wife), her blood relations or people who become her relatives by virtue of her marriage.
neighbours and others cannot lodge a complaint under the proposed law.
the offence of instant triple talaq will be compoundable.
now, a magistrate can use his powers to settle the dispute between a husband and his wife.
this will happen only when the wife approaches the court.
under a compoundable offence, both parties have the liberty of withdrawing the case.
the proposed law would only be applicable on instant triple talaq or 'talaq-e-biddat' and it would give power to the victim to approach a magistrate seeking subsistence allowance for herself and her minor children.
a woman can also seek the custody of her minor children from the magistrate who will take a final call on the issue.
citing details of instant triple talaq cases, the government had last week informed the lok sabha that until now, 430 incidents of triple talaq have come to the notice of the government through the media.
of these, 229 were reported before the supreme court judgment, while another 201 came to notice after it.
these cases were reported between the period of january 2017 and september 13, 2018.
two unmanned aerial vehicles hovered in the sky as narendra modi flagged off the jagannath rath yatra amid tight security in ahmedabad on wednesday.
this is the first time that uavs, called netra (eye), have been deployed to monitor a religious procession.
officials said they would do aerial patrolling and click digital photographs to ensure foolproof security.
(pti) new delhi, july 10: the bjps campaign for the lok sabha polls in bihar will be based on four themes inspired by narendra modi.
a bihar leader listed these as national security and national pride, good governance and modis impeccable integrity, his caste origin and soft hindutva.
sources claimed that while the bjp, backed by the rsss propaganda networks, had purveyed the message that the gujarat chief minister hailed from an extremely backward caste of telias or oil-pressers, the bihar unit didnt have to labour on another aspect: painting modi as a victim of nitish kumars bashing.
in village after village, people are blaming nitish for snatching away modis thali (platter) and for rejecting the aid he had given to kosi flood victims, a source said.
the first metaphor referred to nitishs abrupt cancellation of a dinner invite to bjp leaders, including modi, in june 2010 during a national executive session in patna.
nitish was furious after posters of him with modi at a 2009 nda rally were plastered all over patna.
he suspected the gujarat leaders hand in the exercise.
the assembly elections were months away and nitish, who was seriously trying to woo minority voters, feared any suggestion of proximity to modi would impair his effort.
he told the bjp plainly that he would not countenance modis presence during the poll campaign and he was kept out.
all these years we bore such insults with a heavy heart and sealed lips.
but biharis are perceptive and without us making an issue of it, the message has travelled to the last person in the villages.
nitish has made modi a hero in bihar.
modi has not uttered a word against him, claimed a source.
sources explained that in the context of the nitish-modi face-off, the discourse in bihar would be different in part from that used in the other states.
the problem for the bjp is who its target would be: nitish or lalu prasad.
asked, a source said: closer to the elections, the picture will be clearer.
although the congress is a marginal player, the party it teams up with will have the advantage of getting a chunk of the muslim votes.
our reading is right now, a majority of the muslims are with lalu.
however, if the congress partners nitish, the janata dal (united) could gain an advantage over lalu.
modis projection in bihar is also expected to be tailored to fit the states milieu in other ways.
modi will have to shed his pro-corporate image completely when he comes here to address meetings.
we have portrayed him as a chai-wallahs son.
accordingly, he will have to dress in crumpled clothes, an mla said.
a modi aide didnt relish the idea, saying if there was something the gujarat chief minister obsessed over, it was his sartorial gear.
as for the soft hindutva concept, the bjps reading was that with the other bihar parties scrambling for the minority votes, there could be a reverse hindu polarisation, at least among the upper castes and sections of the backward castes that had rallied behind the party in the ayodhya era.
on the bodhgaya blasts, the bjp tactfully avoided blaming just nitish.
asked at a briefing if he regarded the state government as culpable for its failure to anticipate the attack, spokesperson ravishankarprasad prasad said: the government of india cannot shift its accountability as far as security decisions are concerned.
both have to be held accountable.
but we have to wait for the investigations to be over.
new delhi, may 7: major differences have emerged in the telecom industry over the government's proposal to impose a uniform annual spectrum charge at a reduced rate of 4.
5 per cent of revenues from telephony services.
industry association coai, which favours a uniform but lower rate of 3 per cent, has cited a study by deloitte to support its stand.
the study says reducing the charge by 1 per cent can increase gdp by about rs 1.
76 lakh crore.
however, another telecom lobby auspi says the national exchequer will suffer a loss of about rs 1.
65 lakh crore if the government meets coai's demands to place a uniform but reduced fee for all operators.
the coai, which represents operators such as airtel, vodafone and idea cellular, had written to telecom secretary j.s. deepak demanding uniform spectrum use charge on all companies, but at 3 per cent level.
however, one of coai's members, reliance jio infocomm, does not favour a uniform rate for all.
it is submitted that except for one of the telecom service providers, the entire industry strongly believes that a uniform fee would not only result in a level playing field but will also remove the ambiguities, arbitrages and their misuse, coai director-general rajan s. mathews said in the letter dated may 4.
reliance jio did not comment on the latest move by the coai.
taking just the opposite stand, auspi, which represents reliance communications and tata teleservices, said: the proposal of ex post-facto reduction in the rate (at 3 per cent) is not only against the principle of transparency and level playing field, but benefiting only a few operators who acquired large quantum of spectrum in previous auctions.
the government's proposal to have a flat rate for all type of spectrum will lead to a loss of more than rs 1.
65 lakh crore to the government over a period of 20 years.
the gains will go to a handful of incumbent operators who have been holding a large amount of spectrum, auspi general-secretary ashok sud said in a letter addressed to telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad and to telecom secretary deepak.
the coai has cited deloitte's study that says, besides increasing gdp, reducing the fee by 1 per cent can reduce the number of people below the poverty line by 4.
7 per cent.
at present, the government collects about 4.
69 per cent of revenues earned by companies from mobile phone services.
telecom regulator trai has recommended a uniform spectrum use charge of 3 per cent across the industry, which could be gradually brought down to 1 per cent.
the fee was earlier linked to the quantum of spectrum held by an operator and varied between 3-8 per cent of adjusted gross revenue.
telecom operators in january 2014 were asked to pay the weighted average of their existing fee (on old rate of 3-8 per cent), and 5 per cent if they acquire new spectrum.
r. balajinew delhi: feminist and author kalyani menon on saturday told the supreme court that there have been multiple data breaches from several government portals relating to aadhaar card details, seriously impinging upon the privacy of millions of citizens.
in a counter-affidavit filed before the five-judge constitution bench, menon claimed that details about 135 million indians had been compromised because of these data breaches, resulting in unfettered, unauthorised access to individuals' aadhaar numbers.
reports by privacy and security researchers indicate that such breaches have already affected 135 million indians.
these data breaches are in flagrant violation of section 29 of the aadhaar act read with regulations 6 and 7 of the aadhaar (sharing of information) regulations, 2016, the affidavit filed through advocate vipin nair said.
however, the respondents (the unique identification authority of india) have failed to initiate any action against the erring agencies in accordance with the act.
on january 17, the constitution bench is expected to begin hearing a batch of petitions that have challenged the aadhaar act on the ground that it seriously impinges upon the safety and security of citizens' personal data.
the court is expected to examine the matter in the light of an earlier ruling by a nine-judge bench that the right to privacy is a fundamental right that the state cannot encroach on.
the affidavit said that on december 29, in response to a question, information technology minister ravishankarprasad prasad had in the rajya sabha provided a list of 210 websites of central and state government departments and some educational institutes that displayed the list of beneficiaries along with their names, addresses, other details and aadhaar numbers.
the minister, the affidavit said, also told the rajya sabha that the uidai had cancelled and blacklisted 34,000 aadhaar operators since the project's inception.
by the uidai's own admission, according to the latest reports, 49,000 such enrolment operators tasked with capturing sensitive biometric information of over 1.
3 billion indians had been blacklisted.
it is submitted that the act of the respondents in creating and perpetuating aadhaar as a universal, unique identifier exponentially increases the dangers associated with any data breach.
the respondents' insistence on 'seeding' aadhaar numbers, viz the practice of incorporating the aadhaar number into several databases, furthers the risk, the affidavit said.
it added that the insistence on aadhaar cards, extended even to students writing cbse-related exams, was a serious violation of the fundamental right to privacy.
this is especially so in the case of students who are minors and consequently not capable of giving lawful consent, the affidavit said.
bjp mp subramanian swamy on saturday alleged that reserve bank of india governor shaktikanta das was highly corrupt and said his appointment to the central bank was a surprise.
the new governor (of rbi) is highly corrupt.
i got him removed (from the finance ministry).
i am calling shaktikanta das a corrupt person.
i am surprised that the man i got removed from the finance ministry for corruption was brought in as governor, swamy said at an interactive session at the indian school of business here.
das was appointed rbi governor on december 11, a day after urjit patel resigned.
asked who he thinks should head the central bank, the rajya sabha member named a former professor of the indian institute of management, bangalore.
professor r. vaidyanathan, former professor of finance (iim-b), would have been much better.
he is also an old sangh man.
he is our man, swamy said.
asked about the 2019 general election, swamy said the bjp would return to power as there is no anti-incumbency against the narendra modi government.
to a question on congress president rahul gandhi, swamy said he could not become prime minister because he held british citizenship, repeating a claim he had made in 2016 and which rahul had rejected.
shaktikanta das telegraph file pictureherald stabthe bjp on saturday seized on delhi high courts order in the national herald case to slam the congress, accusing the gandhi family of government land theft and demanding a clarification from rahul, reports our special correspondent.
law minister ravishankarprasad prasad was fielded to use the courts order on friday asking the publishers of the congress-linked national herald to vacate herald house in delhi within two weeks.
the delhi high court order has made this clear that in the name of herald house, public property was being looted by one family, prasad said.
seeking to paint sonia gandhi and rahul as corrupt, prasad alleged that property worth rs 5,000 crore of the national herald was transferred to the family-owned young indian trust for rs 50 lakh.
union minister ravishankarprasad prasad hands over a certificate to declare kasmar in bokaro district as jharkhand's first wi-fi panchayat to chief minister ragbhubar das at the ceremony in adityapur on saturday while lohardaga mp and minister sudarshan bhagat, state minister saryu roy and others look on.
later, the dignitaries also handed over aadhaar cards (below) to special children.
pictures by bhola prasad jamshedpur, june 18: union minister of communications and information technology ravishankarprasad prasad today laid the foundation of two software parks expected to be ready by next year in adityapur and sindri at a function held in the manufacturing hub of neighbouring seraikela kharswan district near jamshedpur.
the union minister, who did the formalities online, also announced two more parks under software technology parks of india (stpi) in bokaro and deoghar, besides an electronic manufacturing centre in adityapur, fuelling hopes of a quantum leap in software exports from jharkhand.
tenders have been completed and construction work of the stpis at adityapur and sindri in dhanbad district will commence soon.
both the centres will become operational within a year (mid-2017), prasad said and lauded the state for its achievements in the it sector.
with the only stpi at namkum, which started functioning in ranchi from 2012, the state has achieved software exports to the tune of rs 45 crore for 2015-16.
and with the functioning of the two new centres the state has the potential to become an it hub by 2017, he added.
among the others present were state it secretary sunil kumar barnwal and director general, stpi, omkar rai, who signed a memorandum of understanding (mou) for the bokaro stpi in the presence of the union minister and chief minister raghubar das, who was special guest at today's function.
the state government has already selected land in adityapur for setting up an electronic manufacturing centre, which would also start functioning from 2017.
it will promote local manufacturing of electronic goods like television sets and mobile phones besides exporting them.
the stpis and the electronic manufacturing unit will not only help the state in terms of revenue but also create jobs, the union minister said.
barnwal said the state government had earmarked rs 16.
75 crore for the adityapur centre and rs 14.
7 crore for sindri.
bokaro stpi will cost somewhere between rs 14-20 crore.
we have already put ourselves on the it map of the country and will lead in the eastern region by 2017, he said.
as per norms, the state government will be responsible for the infrastructure at the parks, while stpi, a unit of the department of electronics and information technology under the union ministry of communications and it, will look after its management.
chief minister das said that they had set an ambitious target for software exports for the state in 2017.
it is one of the priorities of our government and we have set a target of rs 100 crore worth of software exports.
also, all panchayats in the state will have internet connectivity by 2017 so that the rural populace could avail the benefits of various government schemes at their villages.
the chief minister said he had requested the union minister for setting up a regional training centre of c-dac (centre for development of advanced computing) and a national e-governance academy in jharkhand.
we have earmarked 5-acre land for each of the projects, he added.
later, das, along with nit-adityapur director rambabu kodali, who is also mentor director of iiit-ranchi, inaugurated the iiit website.
besides, the union minister also handed over a certificate to raghubar das for making kasmar in bokaro district the first wi-fi panchayat of the state.
das and prasad also distributed certificates among successful students of a 600-hour computer course under national digital literacy mission and rural entrepreneurs who had performed well at pragya kendra (common service centre) at village level.
they also handed out aadhaar cards to a group of special children on the sidelines of the programme.
our legal reportercalcutta: lawyers of calcutta high court decided on monday to continue with their cease-work till march 5 as the centre had not yet responded to the demand to fill up vacant posts of judges.
the bar association, bar library club and incorporate law society - which represent over 11,000 lawyers - had called a five-day strike from february 19 to fill up 45 vacant posts.
the court functions with just 27 judges against the sanctioned strength of 72 posts.
we haven't found any positive move on the part of the centre to meet our demand.
the union law minister is yet to give us time to discuss the issue.
so, members (of the three associations) have decided to continue the movement till the centre takes a decision, uttam majumdar, the president of the bar association, said on monday evening.
the members of the three associations met separately on monday and resolved to extend the strike period.
on march 6, the three organisations will meet again and decide their course of action, majumdar said.
the high court has over 3 lakh pending cases.
not a single case was taken up by the high court after february 16 because of the cease-work.
the union law ministry had sent letters to the three associations on friday, seeking names of their representatives so that minister ravishankarprasad prasad could discuss the matter with them.
the organisations have sent the names to the ministry.
ravi shankar prasad (centre) addresses the news meet at the party office in patna on saturday.
picture by nagendra kumar singh patna, june 18: the bjp came up with a series of attacks on the ruling upa government at the centre over a series of scams.
addressing reporters, bjp chief spokesperson ravishankarprasad prasad said the government of manmohan singh is the most corrupt government since independence.
hitting out at the upa, prasad said: prime minister manmohan singh is heading the most corrupt and repressive government since the independence.
he is the ceo working on behalf of the owners of a company of sonia gandhi and rahul gandhi who do not have any accountability.
the nation is in a state of uncertainty and is not heading anywhere.
the whole country is talking about the corruption but the congress leaders have chosen to be mute spectators.
prasad asked why the congress president was not mute over the various scams, including the 2g spectrum case, adarsh co-operative housing scam, the commonwealth games scam and on the issue of a union minister charged by the lokyukta (ombudsman).
why did sonia gandhi keep quiet when rs 1.
76 lakh crore of public money was looted in the 2g scam.
how could prime minister manmohan singh give a clean chit to then telecom minister a. raja?
prasad asked.
why was sonia silent when rs 70,000 crore of public money was looted in the name of commonwealth games and delhi chief minister sheila dixit was opposing the shunglu committee report, which was set up to find irregularities in the cwg, he said.
prasad also asked why the congress president is not reacting to the lokayukta charge against delhi minister raj kumar chauhan for using his power.
we want to know that how many people have come under the ambit of money laundering act and what kind of punitive measures have been taken to know the whereabouts of the money stashed in foreign banks, he said.
the bjp spokesperson criticised digvijays remark that rahul gandhi was ready to be the prime minister of the country.
commenting on taking part in an all-party meeting on lokpal, ravishankarprasad prasad said the bjp is not opposed to the idea.
however, the bjp will place its views only after the government and the congress do so, he added.
new delhi, july 3: rajnath singhs first news conference as union home minister today focused on potato and onion prices in delhi, not guns and grenades.
one hot topic was raids on suspected hoarders, not terror modules.
as many as 540 premises had been raided on tuesday alone and 1,082 in the past one month, a proud home minister said.
a television journalist couldnt help asking: did you have to hold this press conference because it (vegetable prices) may impact internal security?
rajnath could only laugh in answer.
that the government would be keen to fight price rise amid the rising resentment is no surprise.
but the media invite saying the subject of the home ministers first media interaction was to be onion and potato prices in the capital did astonish many.
the briefing was held in the conference hall at north block, a venue for internal security meetings, signing of peace pacts with militants, and treaties with foreign governments.
but rajnath seemed short on talking points even the day before prime minister narendra modis kashmir visit.
and even at a time several governors have quit and successors must be found for them.
its a shortage that had kept him from any media interaction since being sworn in 38 days ago.
with modi apparently keeping the reins of governance firmly in hand, most ministers have been shying away from the media anyway.
that the big decisions will be taken in the prime ministers office is apparent.
modi will meet chief ministers sometime in august to discuss internal security and centre-state relations, sources told the telegraph.
sources said the expected consultation with the home ministry on modis valley trip had not taken place.
rajnath is yet to visit any of the major theatres of internal strife although his junior, kiren rijiju, will travel to arunachal pradesh tomorrow to review border management programmes.
the home minister wasnt ready to talk about prices countrywide, either, but only in delhi on the plea that it is a union territory and is under central rule.
union territories administration is under my purview, so i shall speak only about them, he said.
administration of union territories is one of the ministrys 20 divisions, along with those for internal security, police modernisation, border management, left-wing extremism and the like.
yesterday, the government had brought onions and potatoes under the essential commodities act.
there should be no hoarding and where necessary, there should be raids, rajnath said.
he added that the number of government-recognised outlets selling onions and potatoes would be increased.
an action plan for the period between july 15 and september 15 would be prepared to control prices.
rajnath said he had met delhi lieutenant governor najeeb jung over the spiralling prices of essentials while home secretary anil goswami had spoken to top agriculture ministry officials.
well try to strike a balance between demand and supply, he said.
rajnath did answer a few questions relating to his ministrys other mandates, though.
the answers were brief and delivered after consulting goswami who sat on his left.
he confirmed that officials from the registrar general of india, which functions under the home ministry, and the unique identification authority of india met today to sort out their respective duties.
telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad attended the meeting.
asked about the z-plus security for bjp general secretary amit shah, rajnath said security matters depended on inputs from the intelligence bureau.
front page > bihar > news in brief news in brief rebel mla case hearing on friday patna: the disqualification case of four rebel jdu mlas from the assembly was on monday adjourned to november 14 as the state counsel sought time from the court to file counter reply in the matter.
n november 14, assembly speaker uday narayan chaudhary is likely to file a reply on the issue.
on november 3, the four rebel mlas, gyanendra singh gyanu, rahul sharma, ravinder rai and niraj kumar singh bablu, had filed a petition in the high court challenging the decision of the speaker to terminate their membership.
court order patna: a high court division bench on monday ruled that there would be no reservation in the appointment of additional district and sessions judge.
in terms of appointment to the post of civil judge (junior division), the court ruled that only sc/st candidates would be provided reservation.
ai schedule patna: air india officials at jayaprakash narayan international airport on monday announced the winter schedule of the airline from patna, which would remain effective from november 6 to february 15.
against its existing three delhi-bound flights from patna, the afternoon flight-ai- 407/408, which was scheduled to arrive in patna at 2.
35pm and depart at 3.
05pm, has been withdrawn.
the morning flight ai-409/410 would arrive in patna at 11.
55am and depart at 12.
30pm.
the evening flight ai-415/416 would arrive in patna at 4.
35pm and depart at 5.
10pm.
village adoption patna: union minister for it ravishankarprasad prasad has adopted the village alawalpur under fatuha block in patna district to develop it as a model village under the saansad adarsh gram yojana initiated by prime minister narendra modi.
conference patna: the 12th all india electrohomoeopathic medical conference 2014 will be held from november 11 to 13 at kalidas rangalaya to be inaugurated by shyam rajak.
new delhi, may 27: ravishankarprasad prasad, union minister for communications and information technology with additional charge of law and justice, said today that he wont categorically rule out the need for retrospective taxation even though he generally favoured a stable fiscal regime.
there can be a need for retrospective tax amendment but, in general, we favour a transparent and fair fiscal regime, prasad told reporters after assuming office, even as he tried to soothe foreign investors concerns over indias quixotic and whimsical tax environment.
foreign investors recoiled in disgust after then finance minister pranab mukherjee introduced a retrospective tax amendment in budget 2012, which became effective from april 1, 1962, just to undermine a supreme court verdict that went in favour of vodafone in a contentious withholding tax case arising from the uk telecom giants $11.
2-billion buyout of hutchison whampoas 67.
5 per cent stake in indias second largest telecom entity in march 2007.
later, in august that year, a committee headed by tax expert parthasarathi shome advised the upa government against retrospective amendments in tax laws.
retrospective application of tax law should occur in exceptional and or rarest of rare cases (and) should occur only after exhaustive and transparent consultations with stakeholders who would be affected, the committee said.
prasad refused to be drawn into a discussion on the vodafone tax case saying that he would not discuss specific cases.
he said he favoured softer regulation in telecom but again refused to spell out the specifics on his first day in office.
he said the modi government was committed to the objective of building a broadband highway that would become a sort of game changer in much the same way as atal behari vajpayees highways programme.
i have directed the department to work on more details of this project, he added.
i want to assure all investors that the new government shall act in a transparent manner.
the decision-making shall be fair based upon the twin objective of growth and consumer satisfaction, the telecom minister said.
the telecom department has been in the news for many wrong reasons and the first priority would be to set things right, he added.
prasad said his first priority would be to restore investor confidence in the telecom sector.
ministry officials had made several presentations over two hours to the minister earlier in the day.
the entrance to lalu prasad's residence at 10 circular road in patna wears a deserted look on saturday.
usually the place is bustling with visitors and several parked vehicles on other days.
picture by nagendra kumar singh a purported telephone conversation between lalu prasad and siwan don mohammed shahabuddin has triggered a political uproar with the bjp demanding criminal action against the rjd chief for speaking to the jailed gangster and following his diktats.
in the telephone conversation, aired by republic television news channel today, a man purported to be shahabuddin is heard complaining to a person said to be lalu against the siwan superintendent of police and asking him to take action.
a voice, apparently that of the rjd chief, is then heard asking an aide to connect him to the sp.
according to the tv channel, the conversation took place on april 15, 2016.
shahabuddin was on that date lodged in siwan jail, serving out terms in several cases.
he has since been shifted to tihar jail in delhi on the orders of the supreme court.
the audio clip indicates that shahabuddin, a former four-time lok sabha member from siwan, was unhappy over the manner in which the district police had handled the ram navami procession that day which had sparked sporadic clashes.
in the clip, he is heard telling lalu that the siwan police would trigger communal violence and asked him to get the sp removed.
the channel also aired other audio clips where shahabuddin is heard telling a supporter that he will cut a block development officer to size -  aukaat mein le aayenge - for impounding a vehicle owned by an aide of the don.
from new delhi to patna, the bjp went into an overdrive, asking chief minister nitish kumar to act against lalu.
on behalf of the bjp i want to ask nitish kumar, will he institute criminal proceedings against lalu?
the chief minister should break his silence and tell what action he will take, union minister ravishankarprasad prasad said at a news conference in delhi.
in patna, former deputy chief minister sushil kumar modi, who has made a series of allegations of corruption against lalu and his family over the past few weeks, said a criminal case should be started against the rjd boss.
keeping constant contact with any jailed criminal or patronising any criminal are offences and lalu did both.
the nitish kumar government should register an fir against him and take strict action, sushil said and dared the state government to move court to cancel lalu's bail in the fodder scam.
chief minister nitish kumar remained silent on the issue though sources said he had summoned director-general of police p.k. thakur to 1 aney marg this afternoon.
no one in the chief minister's secretariat or the police headquarters would either confirm or deny the meeting.
the janata dal united was caught in a dilemma.
initially, industries minister jai kumar singh declared that the episode required a probe.
however, they clammed up following instructions not to speak on the issue.
the congress, the other partner in the grand alliance, too remained tight-lipped.
but jdu sources pointed out that even though nitish has been accused by the bjp of acting under pressure from lalu, the fact remains that none of the officers mentioned in the tapes have been removed or transferred since the purported call.
saurabh kumar shah, a 2009 batch ips officer, remains siwan sp, a post he took charge of on august 3, 2015.
even the bdo remains in the same post.
if nothing else, one should appreciate that nitish kumar does not buckle under pressure and the fact that the don's diktats are no longer obeyed in siwan, said a jdu leader who did not wish to be named.
sources said the file pertaining to relieve sah for central deputation was pending with the chief minister.
sah is tipped to be appointed as the private secretary to a senior union minister.
the chief secretary and the home secretary are learnt to have given their approval for sah's central deputation.
lalu prasad, who usually talks to media persons on a daily basis, had closed the gates of his 10 circular road residence.
senior rjd leader jagdanand singh told reporters that lalu had done nothing wrong in talking on the phone with shahbuddin since the jailed don remains a leader of the party.
a delegation led by former state bjp president mangal pandey met bihar governor ram nath kovind at 5.
30pm and submitted a memorandum appealing him to summon the director-general of police and issue instructions to register a case against lalu.
no senior police official was willing to speak on the issue.
charandas chor is a feeling thief, who one day took a vow too many and therein did himself in.
habib tanvir wrote the play more than 40 years ago.
today the chowkidar is our protagonist.
narendra damodardas modi is the chowkidar-in-chief, full of frenetic poll feeling and quick on the vows.
now, the chowkidar figure is associated with many a thing, of which the shrill whistle and loud call stand out  reassuring citizens and warning thieves, the likes of charandas perhaps.
narendra damodardas tweets.
on march 16, he let it be known to all of india  main bhi chowkidar.
i will nevercharandas chor is not ashamed of thieving.
that is why when his guru asks him to give up doing what he does, he offers to make other pledges instead  i will never lead a procession on elephant back, i will never eat off a golden plate, i will never marry a princess, i will never agree to be the king of a people.
and i will never tell a lie.
promises, outlandish promises charandas makes.
last elections, narendra damodardas said he was not ashamed of having been a chaiwallah once.
now, he is proud to be a chowkidar.
he has let it be known: your chowkidar is standing firm & serving the nation.
but, i am not alone.
everyone who is fighting corruption, dirt, social evils is a chowkidar.
.
.
caller tunetanvirs charandas chor sings, there are so many rogues about, who do not look like thieves/impressive turbans on their heads, softly shod their feet no sooner did narendra damodardas make his exhortation, than he yoked his twitter profile with the prefix chowkidar.
bjp president amit shah, home minister rajnath singh, minister of external affairs sushma swaraj, all followed suit.
other citizens on the social media platform, who responded to the chowkidar-in-chiefs call and pledged allegiance, were rewarded with automated replies from the prime ministers account.
the next thing one knew, there was chowkidar merchandise and tattoos and tea cups served on trains.
the bjp launched a new caller tune, the one with the insistent voice singing: woh ek akela chal pada, main uski hi qatar hun/ haan main bhi chowkidar huuuuuoooouuuuooon.
a scene from habib tanvir's play 'charandas chor', performed by naya theatre at rabindra sadan, calcutta, 2005 picture by sanjoy chattopadhyaya thief.
a chowkidar.
and many foolscharandas chor was put to death by the queen, because letting him live meant allowing the truth to come out.
(she had wanted to marry him and he had refused.
) charandas had vowed never to lie, after all.
pledge shedge.
tanvirs play ends with a song: ek chor ne rang jamaya jee, sach bolke.
narendra damodardas and his party, in their collective wisdom, have set aside today, march 31, 2019, a day before april 1  the appointed day for tomfoolery  for the mega main bhi chowkidar event.
chowkidar-in-chief will interact with citizen chowkidars across 500 locations via video conference.
senior bjp leader ravishankarprasad prasad has already declared it a people's movement.
qualifier?
hashtag tweeted 20 lakh times, 1,600 crore impressions as of march 19.
the refrain that punctuates tanvirs play goes  charandas is not a thief, not a thief, no way.
and narendra damodardas has not proven to be a chowkidar, no way.
but april 1 or not, we are being made a fool of all right.
all fools, all the way.
imran ahmed siddiquinew delhi: the central bureau of investigation took a full 48 hours to register a formal fir against nirav modi after the state-run punjab national bank alleged on january 29 that the mumbai-based jeweller was involved in fraudulent transactions.
in the written complaint pnb said modi had caused the bank a wrongful loss of rs 280.
70 crore in 2017.
the agency registered the fir on january 31 after two days.
earlier this week, on february 13, the bank forwarded two more complaints to the agency, estimating that the loss from the scam was worth more than rs 11,000 crore.
union home ministry sources expressed surprise that the agency took 48 hours to register the fir despite receiving a written complaint from avneesh nepalia, deputy general manager (mumbai zonal office), pnb, on january 29.
this is really mind-boggling, considering the huge amount involved.
the cbi should have registered the fir promptly.
what were they waiting for?
said a home ministry official who asked not to be named.
asked about the delay, cbi spokesperson abhishek dayal said: after getting the complaint from the bank the agency examined it in detail which resulted in delay.
on thursday, the agency remained tight-lipped about the investigation and the raids it had conducted on february 3 and 4 at 20 locations linked to modi and his family.
the silence stood out in contrast to when raids were recently conducted against opposition leaders like p. chidambaram and lalu prasad.
the agency was then more than forthcoming on sharing minute details of the raids.
cbi spokesperson dayal refused comment when asked why the agency was not disclosing the details of the investigation and the raids conducted earlier.
union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad told reporters on thursday the cbi had taken swift action.
he said modi's passport had been revoked and a lookout circular had been issued.
dayal said the cbi had sent a request to security agencies for issuing a lookout circular against modi after it registered the fir on january 31.
a lookout circular was issued by enforcement agencies on february 4, dayal said.
sources in the agency said the billionaire jeweller had left the country on january 1, much before the cbi received a complaint from pnb.
the home ministry official who requested anonymity contrasted the delay in filing the fir with the alacrity the agency had shown in registering one on a complaint from paytm.
the private digital wallet firm had accused 15 persons of cheating the company of rs 6.
15 lakh in december 2016.
the cbi's registration of the case had surprised even some of its own sleuths because the agency rarely acts on direct complaints from private entities.
a few weeks before the complaint, paytm had triggered a controversy by using prime minister narendra modi's image in an advertisement.
army chief decision before poll panel the centre has referred to the election commission the issue of the next army chiefs appointment and any decision would be taken only after its approval, defence minister a.k. antony said on friday.
the ministry was expected to recommend vice-chief of army staff lt general dalbir singh suhag as the chief of army staff-designate.
the government usually names a service-chief-designate two or three months before the incumbent is scheduled to retire.
general bikram singh retires on july 31.
however, the bjp has argued that the appointment should be made by the next government.
the partys campaign is led by the former army chief, v.k. singh, who is contesting from ghaziabad.
if lt gen.
suhags appointment is scuttled, the officer next in line to be the chief would be lt general a.k. singh, whose son is v.k. singhs son-in-law.
pti picture shows antony with general bikram singh at rashtrapati bhavan on friday.
new delhi, may 2: the centre today said it would appoint a judge to probe the gujarat snoopgate before the votes are counted on may 16, prompting the bjp to allege a political and mala fide exercise to target narendra modi.
as the bjp insisted that the centre would not be able to find a judge to head the probe commission, the congress accused the opposition party of trying to intimidate judges.
i will be very curious to know the name of the judge who has agreed to lend himself to the upa.
i will be surprised if there is one.
i hope, for the cause of judicial dignity, no one agrees to be a part of this desperate exercise, bjp leader arun jaitley wrote in a post.
union minister and congress spokesperson anand sharma said the remark was very intimidating and threatening and looked as if jaitley was asking which judge would dare come forward for such a probe.
he alleged it was an advance warning of the shape of things to come.
earlier, union home minister sushil kumar shinde had told reporters in shimla: we will soon appoint the judge, before may 16.
to a question, shinde said the move would not violate the model code of conduct because the decision to form a judicial probe commission had been taken by the union cabinet four months ago.
a purported sting last year had claimed gujarat police snooped on a woman architect in 2009 at the behest of a modi aide, directed by his saheb.
the bjp claimed the surveillance was prompted by a request from the womans father who was worried about her security, and the father later endorsed the claim.
rattled by the possible political fallout, the gujarat government appointed two retired judges to probe the matter.
while their report is still awaited, the union government announced a central probe saying the surveillance  tapping the womans phone and monitoring her movements had continued outside gujarat.
i am worried.
the way the gujarat chief minister has snooped into the life of a woman, i am really worried about what will happen to the women of the country if he becomes the pm, shinde said.
the bjp warned of reviewing the illegitimate decision if it came to power.
the centre has no right to form a commission at this stage, jaitley said.
we understand that judge after judge has rejected the upas offer for the past five months.
jaitley said his party was also opposed to the governments last-minute moves to set up a lokpal search committee and appoint information commissioners in the last 10 days of its term.
he urged the bureaucracy not to play ball with its political masters.
the political wing of the government would be advised well to act according to established precedents and norms.
but if it still goes ahead and enforces the decisions, the next government can contest the legality of such appointments, he warned.
union law minister kapil sibal asked: why are bjp leaders worried?
why are they stating publicly that no judge should join this commission?
he answered his own question, saying the bjp knows that once the commission is set up, there is no saving for narendra modi because there is documentary evidence of what he has done.
to this, jaitley replied: the law minister has a lot to worry about chandni chowk (sibals lok sabha seat).
he should stop worrying about larger issues.
another bjp leader, ravishankarprasad prasad, alleged that the centres move was nothing but a reflection of the governments arrogance.
it is not snoopgate, it is stoop-gate.
the home minister of india is stooping to this level.
i can see the desperation.
.
.
.
no judge is willing to inquire into it, but they are insisting.
we dont fear from you, prasad said.
new delhi, aug.
22: the bjp today walked out of a meeting of the joint parliamentary committee probing the 2g scam on the ground that it was non-committal on summoning prime minister manmohan singh and finance minister p. chidambaram as witnesses.
it is considering boycotting the panel for the rest of its tenure, in a throwback to the late eighties when the entire opposition blackballed a similar committee probing the bofors gun deal that had allegedly implicated the late rajiv gandhi.
amid drama heightened by the full presence of the media, bjp mps yashwant sinha and ravishankarprasad prasad  they are among the six members on the panel  accused congress representatives of unparliamentary behaviour and using foul language.
it was amazing to see first-time congress mps using such language against us.
a hostile atmosphere was created so we had no option but to walk out, claimed prasad.
however, the bjp had dropped loud hints yesterday that unless four individuals  singh, chidambaram and senior pmo officials pulok chatterjee and t.k.a nair  were placed as witnesses and questioned, there was no point in attending the jpc.
it is time we took a decisive position, a bjp source said.
sensing the inevitability of a walkout  since it was a given that p.c. chacko, the congress mp who chairs the jpc, and his party colleagues would not yield to the demand  tv channels had virtually laid siege to the parliament annexe where the panel met.
the bjp was supported by left parties and the aiadmk, although they stayed on.
veteran cpi mp gurudas dasgupta, a member, maintained that a hot exchange had taken place between him and the congresss manish tewari.
tewari alleged that we were playing a political game and to not convert the panel into a kangaroo court.
i remonstrated and said this is not the sort of language members should use.
i said if the norms of decency were violated, i will also join the bjp and walk out, said dasgupta.
he stressed there was no provocation from the opposition.
a bjp source claimed that the first-time congress mp deepinder hooda accused sinha of playing politics.
tewari debunked dasguptas account.
let the gentleman who made the accusation scrutinise the verbatim record of the proceedings.
even if a single word i spoke is unparliamentary, i will permanently recuse myself from the proceedings, he said.
congress and samajwadi party sources accused the bjp of hatching a pre-meditated gameplan to be played out before the media.
the bjps objective is to get the left and the aiadmk to also cut themselves off from the jpc so that, like the bofors panel, its credibility would be undermined because it will be represented only by the congress and its allies and not the wider political spectrum.
advocates from across the country have deferred their scheduled nationwide protest from may 2 after union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad assured them the centre will not implement changes proposed by the law commission of india to the advocates act, 1961, without taking the legal fraternity into confidence.
after meeting a delegation led by bar council of india chairman manan kumar mishra, prasad said: the law commission has made a proposal.
.
.
this is a recommendation.
.
.
the government has not taken any decision.
i have instructed my ministry to hold meaningful consultation with lawyers' bodies.
till then no action will be taken.
a major change law commission is proposing is entry of foreign law firms, which the lawyers are opposing.
in the proposed bill, definition of advocate has been expanded to include a lawyer working in a law firm and a foreign lawyer.
the law commission report states: advocate means an advocate entered in any roll under the provisions of this act (advocates act 1961) and includes an advocate carrying on practice in law with a law firm, by whatever name called, and a foreign lawyer registered under any law in a country outside india and recognised by the bar council of india.
for the first time law firm has been defined: law firm means a firm formed and registered under the indian partnership act, 1932, or under the limited liability partnership act, 2008, or a private or public limited company incorporated under the companies act, 2013, comprising an advocate or advocates for carrying on practice in law and includes law firms formed and registered under any other law outside india.
these two proposed amendments which indicate opening of legal market to foreign law firms is the bone of contention between the centre and the bar council of india.
entry of foreign firms will be detrimental for us.
they (foreign firms) will take away our cases.
though it is true that the quality of providing legal assistance will improve, at the same its monetary repercussions are too high, patna high court advocate dinesh kumar said.
kumar said foreign law firms have been eyeing the indian market since the early 1990s, when they set up liaison offices here with reserve bank of india (rbi) approval.
however, these were subsequently closed, pursuant to a 2009 ruling of the bombay high court.
the tide again began to turn in 2012, when the madras high court permitted foreign lawyers to advice on foreign law on a fly-in fly-out basis for the purpose of giving legal advice to their clients in india, kumar said adding: bar council of india chairman mishra had last year written a letter to prime minister narendra modi and union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad saying that some bureaucrats in the law ministry as well as the commerce ministry were trying to 'usurp functions of the bar council of india' by bringing in foreign law firms through the back door.
in an unexpected move, the bar council of india which had earlier agreed to allow entry of foreign lawyers and law firms in india withdrew its own draft rules in september last year citing immense far-reaching repercussions of it.
senior advocate yogesh chandra verma said: foreign lawyers can charge contingency fees (usually 30 per cent), which is prohibited for indian lawyers who struggle with hourly/capped fees.
unless this prohibition changes with immediacy, there can never be a level-playing field.
the current enormous financial gap will only continue to widen.
fears that indian law firms will be taken over, lose talent and legal costs will escalate are not unfounded, verma said, adding: adjudication of case of entry of foreign firms in the country is still pending with the supreme court.
prime minister narendra modi pays tribute at mahatma gandhis memorial, ahead of his swearing-in ceremony as the prime minister for the second consecutive term, at rajghat in new delhi, thursday, may 30, 2019.
(pti)prime minister narendra modi on thursday held a final round of consultations with bharatiya janata party president amit shah and is learnt to have given shape to his council of ministers ahead of the swearing-in ceremony of his new government in the evening.
the list of union ministers is likely to be sent to the rashtrapati bhavan soon, sources said.
capping a landslide election victory, modi will take oath along with a new council of ministers for a second term at 7 pm.
modi and shah have held several rounds of discussions in the last two days ahead of government formation.
sources said the modi government is likely to have representation from most allies and showcase the party's newfound strength in different regions.
bjp allies like shiv sena, jd(u), aiadmk, ljp, akali dal and apna dal are set to be represented in the government.
each nda ally is likely to get one cabinet berth, sources said.
the shiv sena has confirmed its leader arvind sawant, who defeated congress heavyweight milind deora from mumbai, will be its nominee in the council of ministers.
the lok janshakti party has already passed a resolution recommending its president ram vilas paswan as the party's representative in the modi government.
finance minister arun jaitley's decision to opt out on health grounds has fuelled speculation about who will get his coveted portfolio.
railway minister piyush goyal, who filled in for jaitley and presented the populist pre-election budget, is being seen as a key contender.
there is also a buzz about shah, who has been elected to the lok sabha from gandhinagar and is a key architect of the bjp's thumping victory of 303 seats in the lok sabha, joining the government.
if shah joins the modi cabinet, he is likely to get one of the four major portfolios; finance, home, defence or external affairs.
the bjp has refrained from making any official comment about the likely members of the government, with its leaders asserting that it is the prime minister's prerogative.
senior party leaders like rajnath singh, nitin gadkari, nirmala sitharaman, narendra singh tomar, prakash javadekar, ravishankarprasad prasad, dharmendra pradhan and smriti irani are likely to join the second modi government after being its members in its first avatar.
irani defeated congress president rahul gandhi in his family bastion amethi.
the swearing-in ceremony in the forecourt of the rashtrapati bhavan is expected to be grand affair with about 8,000 guests, including leaders from the bimstec countries, opposition leaders rajiv gandhi and sonia gandhi, chief ministers, corporate honchos and film stars, watching as president ram nath kovind administers the oath of office and secrecy to 68-year-old modi and his ministerial colleagues.
the narendra modi government on friday introduced a fresh bill on the first day of the lok sabha to ban instant triple talaq, underscoring the political message by breaking a parliamentary convention amid protests by the congress and some other opposition parties who claimed that the proposed legislation violated the constitution.
despite the reduced numbers of the opposition, the protest was so strong that the bill could only be introduced after a vote.
the muslim women (protection of rights on marriage) bill, 2019, was tabled following a division of votes, with 186 members supporting it and 74 opposing it.
the voting was forced by the aimims asaduddin owaisi.
the government appeared equally determined to push the bill on the first working day of the new lok sabha.
conventionally, the motion of thanks on the presidents address to the joint session of both houses of parliament is the first agenda before a new lok sabha.
the government, however, chose to introduce the instant triple talaq bill first, which was viewed as an attempt to underline its political agenda.
this is not a matter of religion, caste or community.
it is about the justice and dignity of women and we are committed to protect it, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said, seeking to counter the opposition to the bill.
the congress and some other opposition parties geared up for a protest the moment prasad rose to move the bill.
congress mp shashi tharoor was the first to oppose.
i am not defending triple talaq, but i am opposing the text, draft and thrust of this bill, he said.
tharoor termed the bill a class legislation and argued that its scope should be extended to women of all communities and not single out one community.
abandoning or deserting wives and dependents is not unique to the muslim community, then why not make a law that universally criminalises the abandonment of family and dependents without taking responsibility instead of just focussing on one community?
he asked.
the congress leader demanded that the bill be sent to a standing committee for more consultation.
criminalising a civil wrong done by a particular community, that is, the muslim community, alone is discriminatory.
that would be a violation of articles 14, 15 and 25 of the constitution, said n.k. premchandran of the rsp.
hyderabad mp owaisi asked: a non-muslim man gets a years imprisonment while a muslim man three years for the same (act).
doesnt it violate articles 14 and 15 of the constitution?
he asked.
raising the strongest objection, owaisi asked why the bjp was not concerned about keralas hindu women as it was opposing the supreme courts sabarimala judgment that lifted the ban on the entry of women of child-bearing age in the temple.
owaisis demand for voting was accepted.
since the sitting arrangement in the newly constituted lok sabha hasnt been finalised yet, the voting took place through paper slips, and not electronically, consuming a lot of time.
the instant triple talaq bill had been passed by the lok sabha in december last year but got stuck in the rajya sabha.
as that bill lapsed with the end of the term of the previous lok sabha, the government promulgated an ordinance to enforce the law and has now moved a fresh bill.
itanagar, july 12: connectivity within the state is turning out to be the single biggest agenda of arunachal pradesh chief minister nabam tukis second stint as he made another push to expedite highway projects in the state yesterday.
chairing a review meeting of highway projects here, tuki directed officials to hasten the process of land acquisition, forest clearance and quarry notification for various projects in the state.
tuki is focussing on bringing about a better surface connectivity within the landlocked state and has directed officials to obtain forest clearances by end-august.
this development comes just two weeks after union minister of state for environment and forests (independent charge) prakash javadekar assured tuki on exempting forest clearances for road projects within 100km of the states international borders.
besides officials from the state government, yesterdays review meet was significant from the security point of view because of the presence of border roads organisation (bro) officials.
officials from bro, which handles road construction and maintenance in the state, raised concerns over non-availability of aggregates in the state.
arunachal pradeshs chief secretary ramesh negi suggested that local entrepreneurs be encouraged to set up crusher units at various locations with financial assistance from the state government.
negi also called for a push to award remaining stretches of the trans-arunachal highway project within the current financial year.
announced by former prime minister manmohan singh in 2008, the rs 10,000-crore ambitious project stretching more than 2,400km has been plagued by delay ranging from land acquisition problems to difficulties in transportation of materials due to adverse weather conditions.
during his first stint as chief minister, tuki had linked delays in getting many of the states planned hydropower projects off the ground, to communication bottlenecks in the state.
tukis initiatives to focus on highway projects also received a boost when union minister of state for home affairs kiren rijiju, during a visit to the state on july 4, said that the centres focus would be to develop infrastructure in villages along the states border areas.
a press statement from the ministers office today said the states telecom sector could be in for an overhaul after rijiju met union telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad and apprised him of issues facing the state.
the press communiqu said the government-run bsnls media bandwidth service would be upgraded to allow for better 3g connectivity within the state.
during his visit earlier this month, rijiju had said that villages on the fringe border areas need to be developed and that it must be ensured that basic facilities reach border areas.
our special correspondentnew delhi: save federalism appears to be the new rallying point of state-based parties as they explore options for mounting a joint front against the bjp's homogenising juggernaut.
if the gujarat assembly poll verdict had offered the prospect of the congress becoming the pull factor of a coalition that can take on the sangh parivar's election-winning machinery, saturday's results in three northeastern states saw many regional parties attempt to regroup on their own, with the contours of a 1996-like arrangement in mind.
the first salvo was fired by telangana chief minister k. chandrasekhar rao (kcr), who called for a non-bjp-non-congress national alternative driven by the states.
the trinamul congress, on the other hand, is not averse to reaching out to the congress that has been confined to a couple of pockets in bengal and is no serious threat to mamata banerjee's dominance in the state.
trinamul leaders said it was mamata who initiated the idea of federal parties coming together to defeat the bjp.
federal parties is how the state-based parties like to describe themselves, to project their proposed political alternative as the countervailing force to the unitary bjp that appears to want to subsume every individual identity into one homogeneous entity.
since saturday, trinamul has been in touch with the trs, telugu desam party, dmk, bahujan samaj party, samajwadi party and even the shiv sena - a constituent of the bjp-led government at the centre.
the sena has already announced it will not tie up with the bjp for the 2019 lok sabha elections.
the tdp, also a bjp partner, has been crying foul since december and has accused the bjp of failing to abide by coalition dharma.
in keeping with the new-found bonhomie among the smaller parties, tdp mps visited the trinamul office in parliament house on monday and sought help to press for implementation of promises made to andhra pradesh at the time of the state's bifurcation.
fluid as the situation will be right up to the lok sabha elections, contentious issues such as who will lead such an alternative are right now not on the table though trinamul has made no secret of the national ambitions it has for mamata.
in this round kcr may have taken the lead by speaking out, but telangana only sends 17 mps to the lok sabha as against bengal's 42 and tamil nadu's 39.
the idea of a third front is illusionary and elusive, union minister ravishankarprasad prasad said.
the bjp had been able to accommodate the aspirations of regional parties, he added.
praise has come nitish kumar's way from union power minister piyush goyal at a time the chief minister is facing criticism over alleged deteriorating law and order situation and the bseb intermediate results scam.
in darbhanga on thursday, goyal said the work done by nitish in the power sector was satisfactory.
but he also took jibes at the law and order situation in the state and nitish's supposed prime ministerial ambitions.
during his last visit to bihar, even prime minister narendra modi had praised nitish for rural electrification in the state - a complete u-turn from last year's assembly elections, when he alleged during campaign that nitish had failed to provide power in the state.
goyal's praise comes at a time when his cabinet colleagues from bihar - ram vilas paswan, ravishankarprasad prasad, ram kripal yadav and giriraj singh - have not only criticised nitish on the law and order front but also questioned his commitment towards development, accusing him of stalling central projects.
they also condemned nitish for not participating in prime minister modi's world yoga day celebrations in chandigarh.
talking to journalists on the final leg of his two-day darbhanga tour, the union power minister said the state has made good progress in some parameters of the power sector.
seeing holistically, a lot has to be done by them, goyal said.
but arresting transmission loss is the need of the hour.
it is still hovering over 40 per cent in bihar.
he reminded that states could avail rs 6,000 crore earmarked for minimising transmission loss.
about the centre, he said the target of providing power to every household in india would be achieved by 2019, instead of the targeted 2022.
on the worsening law and order situation in bihar, the minister said there was nothing more left to say.
nitishji ought to ponder over it, he said.
regarding nitish's prime ministerial aspirations, goyal said he was living in a world of illusions.
the bjp, he said, was going to win the uttar pradeh elections next year.
asked about the promise to build a ram temple at ayodhya, he said: i hope the court's decision is in favour of a ram temple.
along with him at the news meet was state bjp chief mangal pandey.
a whirlwind is building up for parveen amanullah in the bjp bastion of patna sahib, but its unlikely to unsettle shatrughan sinha who can thank narendra modi if he wins this time.
before delimitation in 2009, patnas populace was half urban, half rural and the voters would send the bjps c.p. thakur to lok sabha one time and the rjds ram kripal yadav the next time.
after delimitation, patna has become a predominantly urban seat with a 28 per cent upper caste population - the highest in the state.
not surprisingly, bjp leaders like shatrughan sinha, sushil kumar modi, ravishankarprasad prasad and nand kishore yadav all eye this seat while other parties struggle to find a suitable candidate.
if the bjp loses patna sahib, it means it will not get a single seat in bihar, conceded a senior bjp leader, such is the confidence.
at one time, we used to win all three major assembly seats in patna and also danapur.
even in bakhtiarpur our man has won thrice.
our support base cuts across castes, said bjp leader in the assembly, nand kishore yadav, who has himself won five times from a yadav-dominated segment of patna sahib.
despite being a bjp bastion, aap candidate parveen amanullahs popularity seems to be on the ascendant here.
on wednesday, parveen was walking the narrow lanes of bakhtiarpur, around 45km from patna, meeting people.
on thursday, she visited the same place and khusrupur, around 35km from patna.
she has walked through many patna city localities like karmali chhak, begumpur and mahroofganj, telling people: main hi aaungi aap logon ke liye.
(i alone will come to listen to your woes.
) i could easily have enjoyed my status as minister.
but, i quit to work for you all.
parveen was a minister in nitish kumars cabinet before quitting the party and joining the aap in february.
despite shatrughans charisma, people feel parveen will get lots of votes but it could work to shatrughans advantage and harm the jd(u)s gopal prasad sinha.
the jd(u) candidate, a padma shri and popular physician, is trying to cut into the bjps kayastha votes, besides tapping jd(u)s traditional voters, the kurmis and mahadalits.
sinha is also banking on peoples disenchantment with shatrughan because of his inaccessibility.
voters feel the going would also be tough for congress-rjd candidate kunal singh, the amitabh bachchan of bhojpuri cinema.
kunal is a yadav and his father had been a congress minister.
he, too, plays up sinhas absence from patna sahib and is drawing crowds.
kunal may get a chunk of the muslim-yadav votes the rjd commands.
but it may not be enough to win, said an rjd leader.
parveen was a social worker before she became minister.
the people of this area know her.
she used to come earlier too, to meet people and address their issues.
she is working harder than the rest in this gruelling heat.
she may not win, but will definitely make a difference, which is not good news for the jd(u), said vishal satyam (35), a businessman in patna city.
i must say she is a bold and brave woman, i am impressed.
she gives us hope.
shatrughan is a star and i havent seen him for years now.
only now is he turning up, to vanish again perhaps, said mohammed ashfaq (25), a barber.
many businessmen reside in patna sahib.
there are also big wholesale stores and shops.
and businessmen prefer the bjp.
things might not change, but the mood is different, ashok kumar, who deals in construction rods, said.
as one moves towards daniawa, around 35km from patna, chotu kumar (34), a betel-shop seller, shyly says: i can keep my shop open till late without fear.
nitishji made this possible.
but this isnt the assembly election.
this is bigger.
and the wave can just be seen.
arun kumar (65), a grocery store owner, interrupts him.
he says: people are angry with shatrughan as he never cares to visit his constituency.
this time people will not vote for shotgun but for the bjp, for narendra modi.
over here, people have mixed feelings about amanullah.
we wont say she is bad.
but her party is new.
and we dont trust arvind kejriwal.
parveen will draw votes, mostly muslim ones.
and that will divide jd(u) votes.
we dont know much about kunal singh, except that he is an actor.
ditto about gopal prasad sinha, except that he is a doctor.
there is a namo wave.
people have to accept it, said an elderly man at daniawa.
deen dayal upadhyaya new delhi, april 19: the rss has decided to break out of its hindi, hindu, hindustan slogan and reach out to english-speaking sections with the  ekant manav darshan (integral humanism) doctrine of deen dayal upadhyaya, one of the leading lights of bjp forerunner bharatiya jana sangh.
the deen dayal research institute (dri), an rss wing, will organise a four-day reading of upadhyaya's lectures on the topic in english at the india international centre in lutyens' delhi.
the april 22-25 event coincides with the dates on which upadhyaya had delivered those lectures 50 years back in what was then bombay.
the bjp claims the integral humanism lectures form the party's core socio-economic ideology.
this year, as we celebrate deen dayal ji's birth centenary, it is high time we reach out to those sections of society that have hitherto remained non-conversant with this truly indigenous philosophy.
.
.
.
such sections often frequent places like iic (india international centre), ihc (india habitat centre).
.
.
, dri general secretary atul jain said.
according to him, the sangh had so far not reached out to the english-speaking class, with all upadhyaya-related events in hindi and limited to rss circles.
we may have erred but now we want to correct it.
the rss feels that with the bjp coming to power at the centre with an absolute majority, followed by its surge across states in recent elections, there has been a keen interest among the english-speaking class about the party's political ideology and socio-economic philosophy, presenting an opportunity for both organisations to spread their influence.
asked why the rss and the bjp were interested in connecting with the english-speaking population - which constitutes a very small fraction of voters - bjp mp prabhat jha pointed out that the class played a big role in moulding public opinion.
once former pm atal bihari vajpayee was asked the same question and he said this 2 per cent population plays a big role in forming opinions, jha said.
jha is also associated with organising the four-day lecture series.
the english-speaking class wants to understand the politics and philosophy of the rss and the bjp, so why not reach out to those who are outside our constituency, he said, justifying the event.
several senior ministers are slated to deliver the opening remarks at the programme, with rss ideologues presenting the concluding addresses.
ravi shankar prasad, m.j. akbar and prakash javadekar are among the ministers slated to attend.
they are expected to shed light on upadhyaya's life and philosophy that form the core of the bjp's socio-economic ideology.
prime minister narendra modi repeatedly refers to upadhyaya's stress on lifting the poor out of poverty and swears by his political philosophy.
he had done so even at the recent bjp national executive in bhubaneswar and asked party leaders to follow the ideals.
the modi government has named several welfare schemes after upadhyaya and decided to celebrate his birth centenary in a big way.
the dri has been designated the knowledge partner for the celebrations.
the government on wednesday approved the closure of three calcutta-based loss making state owned firms  national jute manufactures corporation (njmc), its subsidiary birds jute and exports ltd (bjel) and biecco lawrie limited (bll)  as repeated attempts to revive them failed.
while the ccea approved the proposal to offer a voluntary retirement scheme and a voluntary separation scheme to the employees of bll, no such offer was made to the two other firms as they had no staff or workers on its rolls.
the government made a lot of effort in the past 25 years to keep these two companies njmc and bjel up and running.
the private operators that came also left.
the cabinet has decided to shut down these two companies, union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad told reporters here after a cabinet meeting.
njmc has been incurring losses for several years and was under reference to the board for industrial and financial reconstruction since 1993, said a statement from the nodal ministry of textiles.
the telegraphthe companys primary product was hessian jute bags, used for the packaging of food grains.
over the years, the demand for hessian bags has shrunk.
therefore, it is no longer commercially viable to run njmc.
looking at its past performance, market conditions and the competition from plastics and the capacity of private jute mills, it was noted that njmc would not be in a position to recoup its negative net worth through operational profits.
also, njmc has no staff or workers on its rolls.
hence, the closure, the statement said.
bjel, too, has no staff and as the factory is not in operation, a closure does not have any adverse implications, the ministry said.
the proposal will help in closing down loss-making companies and ensuring release of valuable assets for productive use, or for generating financial resources for developmental progress, it said.
the land available with both the companies will be put to public use or other government use, it said.
biecco lawrie limited, set up in 1919 as british india electric construction co ltd, ran four business operations  switchgear manufacturing, electrical repair, projects division, and lube blending and filling facility.
syed ahmed bukhari at the press conference in delhi on friday.
picture by yasir iqbal new delhi, april 4: the shahi imam of jama masjid, syed ahmed bukhari, today asked muslims to vote for the trinamul congress in bengal and the congress in the rest of the country.
the support to the congress was attributed to the threat to secularism posed by communal forces, trinamul was chosen because of mamata banerjees commitment that she would not join the bjp-led nda under any circumstances.
the imam declared support for lalu prasads rjd in bihar.
the imam attacked the samajwadi party for inaction on the muzzaffarnagar riots and mulayam singh yadavs failure in deliver on promises made to muslims.
he rejected mayawatis bahujan samaj party (bsp) because of a perception that it could drift to any group for its benefit.
the imam did not express any such doubt about mamata banerjee who, too, had been with the nda in the past.
it is not clear how much influence the imam enjoys across the community but the public call coincides with a scramble for the minority vote in this election dominated by narendra modis aggressive politics.
there have been efforts by different political parties to extract similar commitment of support from other muslim clerics.
addressing a media conference after the friday prayers today, the imam appealed to muslims to support the congress to strengthen secularism, contending that communalism was a bigger threat to the nation than corruption.
he repeatedly stated that his effort was to prevent a division of secular votes.
the imam had met sonia gandhi a couple of days ago, triggering a controversy as the bjp complained to the election commission and sought action against the congress president for seeking votes in the name of religion.
bukhari said that although the muslim community has grievances against the congress, the decision to support the party was taken as the country cannot be allowed to go to the communal forces.
asked about the aam aadmi party (aap), bukhari said arvind kejriwal never considered communalism as an important issue.
two years ago, when he sat on dharna, then also he spoke only about corruption.
corruption will not end in the world in the next 100 years but communalism can break the country in a day, he said.
hoping that mamata banerjee would play a crucial role in government formation at the centre, bukhari said: i am giving my opinion as a voter.
i am free to give my opinion as no rules stop me from doing so.
this is for people to decide whether they accept my appeal or not.
in the last 65 years, no party has worked for the welfare of muslims.
if we had our own party, we would not have been in such a bad situation.
other communities like yadavs have their own parties.
the congress received the imams declaration without any show of excitement or glee, contending that every individual was free to make their choices in a democracy.
the congress partys stand on minorities remains what it was before the meeting (with the shahi imam).
minorities require to be part of the democratic process.
.
.
.
they should also share the fruits of development.
the sachar committee and the minority affairs ministry were set up with that in mind, congress spokesperson randeep surjewala said.
unlike narendra modi and the bjp, the congress never appeals to people to vote on religious lines, he added.
the bjp reacted sharply.
we condemn imam bukharis statement.
this government is desperate.
they know they are going to lose very, very heavily.
therefore, sonia gandhi and rahul gandhi try to communalise the whole election.
they have failed.
so, shahi imam bukhari has come to the front.
the election commission must take note of this rank communal appeal, bjp spokesperson ravishankarprasad prasad said.
the bjp did not mention that the vhp mobilises support for the party among religious leaders, and yoga practitioner ramdev and others have been actively campaigning for them.
union minister ravishankarprasad prasad inaugurates the postal department services at michael john auditorium in bistupur on friday.
picture by animesh sengupta union communications and information technology minister ravishankarprasad prasad on friday inaugurated a slew of projects and services of india post and bharat sanchar nigam ltd (bsnl) during a function in jamshedpur.
addressing the gathering at michael john auditorium in bistupur, prasad said the central government was keen to make a digitally empowered society and his department was treading the right track to achieve the same.
we are working overnight for the success of the postal banks.
we have so far opened around 3 crore accounts with postal banks across the country and disbursed rs 1,50,000 crore as loan, 70 per cent of which has been granted to women, he added.
the minister further said they wanted to make the postal banking big and the department was working in a professional manner to carve a niche for itself.
around 50 banks from india and abroad want to join hands with the postal department, underlining the india post's potential in the field of banking, he said.
highlighting the growth of the department's parcel service wing, he said its total revenue collection was down by 1 per cent in 2013-14, but it shot up by 28 per cent in the next fiscal.
it went up by 80 per cent in the 2015-16 fiscal, he said.
according to him, bsnl has registered rs 672 crore operating profit and is expected to touch rs 2,000 crore mark in the next fiscal.
also, the telecom giant is adding 23 lakh new customers to its base and has laid 1.
22 lakh km of optical fibres in 2.
5 lakh gram panchayats to strengthen the network.
earlier in the day, the minister digitally inaugurated the parcel hub, the post shop of jamshedpur general post office, a postman mobile app, non-judicial e-stamps.
also, he handed over certificates, cheques, bonds and passbooks to beneficiaries of sukanya samridhi yojana, atal pension yojana, dak jeevan yojana and pradhan mantri bima yojana.
prasad also inaugurated bsnl's 650 base transceiver stations in rebel-hit areas of jharkhand, besides digitally laying the foundation stone for a technical and administrative building at golmuri.
union minister of state sudarshan bhagat, mp bidyut baran mahto, state minister saryu roy, senior bjp leaders arjun munda and saroj pandey, among others, were present.
bjp national president rajnath singh pays tributes to a picture of karpoori thakur in patna on wednesday.
picture by nagendra kumar singh the bjp on wednesday equated narendra modi with socialist icon karpoori thakur in a spirited effort to woo the members of extremely backward classes, to which the jan nayak belonged.
karpoori thakur set the highest standard in simplicity.
he lived a spartan life despite occupying the bihar chief ministers office thrice.
starting as a tea-seller, narendra modi also belongs to similar social base and he (modi) is the true inheritor of karpooris ideals and tradition, the bjp boss, rajnath singh said.
addressing a meeting organised to mark the 90th birthday of karpoori thakur, rajnath said: karpooris father earned his living by dressing villagers hair even when he had become the chief minister.
narendra modi hails from a humble tea sellers family.
both the leaders were born in similar social and family environment.
besides rajnath, almost all the top bjp leaders  sushil kumar modi, nand kishore yadav, ravishankarprasad prasad, shahnawaz hussain and mangal pandey  equated thakur, the mentor of chief minister nitish kumar and rjd boss lalu prasad, with narendra modi.
the function at the packed sk memorial hall here had several cut-outs of narendra modi, unveiling the well-choreographed strategy of the party to boost its prime ministerial candidates acceptance among the extremely backward classes (ebcs) and other backward classes (obcs), together constituting about 60 per cent of the states electorate.
thakur enjoyed the support of both the ebcs and obcs.
the bjp, still confined to upper castes comprising about 13 per cent of the states population and a section of the non-muslim business community, virtually tried to hijack thakur to make inroads into the strong social base  the forte of nitish.
referring to the tales about karpoori that nitish and lalu usually reel off in their speeches, rajnath said: karpooriji was the chief minister but still too poor to marry off his daughter in a decent way.
when some of his ministerial colleagues and officials approached him offering financial help, karpoori had said: poor karpoori thakurs daughter is getting married not bihar chief ministers daughter.
please dont interfere in my personal and family affairs.
the bjp leaders went as far as rejecting lalu and nitish as inheritors of karpooris tradition.
but they did not mention that karpoori was a critic of the sangh parivars antipathy for the minority community.
they also did not highlight the fact that he was a secularist, never comfortable with the saffron brigade.
j.p. yadavrahul gandhi campaigning in tripura on friday.
(pti)new delhi: the bjp on friday latched onto a letter by a former allahabad bank director to term the punjab national bank fraud case as yet another upa scam that had been unearthed because of the alertness of the banking system introduced by the narendra modi government.
the bjp also sought to claim innocence by saying it was a banking scam and not a government scam.
after law minister ravishankarprasad prasad, the party on friday fielded human resource development minister prakash javadekar, who kept on saying upa scam and gave credit to the modi government for exposing the fraud involving diamantaire nirav modi.
this scam happened during the upa's time.
it is yet another upa scam.
this came to light because of the alertness and strengthening of the banking system by the modi government, javadekar said.
prasad too had on thursday pointed fingers at the erstwhile congress-led upa government and claimed the rs 11,000-crore scam began in 2011.
javadekar said this case could not be compared with the 2g, coal, commonwealth games scandals during upa rule.
this is a banking scam and not a government scam.
there is no government role in this, he said.
according to the minister, the fraud took place because the upa government had destroyed the banking system.
to support his claim of a upa scam, javadekar quoted a 2013 letter of one dinesh dubey, then director of allahabad bank.
he said that on two occasions on september 14 and september 27, dubey had complained to the reserve bank and the then finance secretary against the granting of loans to nirav modi and his uncle mehul choksi.
on september 13, 2013, rahul gandhi attended a bridal jewellery exhibition of nirav modi and on september 14 the allahabad bank board approved a rs 1,550-crore loan to mehul choksi and nirav modi, overruling whistleblower dinesh dubey's dissent, javadekar said, added that the then finance secretary had pressurised dubey to resign.
what is the connection between rahul gandhi's visit to nirav modi's exhibition and the grant of the loan?
whose pressure was on the then finance secretary?
javadekar asked and demanded an answer from the congress.
told that the fir filed by the cbi showed that the pnb loans were taken on february 17 this year, javadekar said it was the old letters of understanding issued during the upa regime that had been renewed.
the lous were renewed every year.
punjab national bank adopted the banking systems introduced by the modi government in 2017 and in 2018, the fraud was busted, he said.
when reporters pointed out that another whistleblower, hari prasad, had complained to the prime minister's office against choksi in 2016, javadekar said: it was about a commercial dispute between mehul choksi and him (hari prasad).
it nowhere mentioned anything about the pnb fraud involving nirav modi.
modi, vaidya and gadkari new delhi, nov.
12: the sangh parivars monolithic faade has received another blow with former rashtriya swayamsevak sangh spokesperson m.g. vaidya alleging narendra modis hand in the campaign to oust nitin gadkari.
he said the gujarat chief minister had put up ram and mahesh jethmalani to attack the bjp president.
hours after vaidya posted the claim in his sunday blog bhashya, son manmohan vaidya was forced to retract his fathers charges.
gadkari too, apparently following a nudge from a modi emissary, dismissed vaidya srs charges.
vaidya jr is the sanghs chief propagandist and heads its publicity cell.
vaidya sr held a similar job in the 1990s but lost it after his weekly column in a nagpur-based pro-sangh daily, tarun bharat, relentlessly attacked the bjp and its prime minister, atal bihari vajpayee.
in his blog, vaidya sr ruled out modis prospects of leading the bjp or the nda in the next election.
modi might have felt that gadkari as the bjp president will hamper his chances of becoming the pm.
he is using jethmalani to fulfil his plans, he wrote.
he alleged that modis prime ministerial aspirations had risen further after gadkari and l.k. advani opted out of the race.
vaidya jrs statement stressed that his fathers opinions did not reflect the sanghs official view.
sangh spokesperson ram madhav endorsed the statement.
chief bjp spokesperson ravishankarprasad prasad said a malicious campaign was on to malign modis image ahead of the gujarat polls.
sources said an intermediary working on modis behalf told gadkari the chief minister had reason to believe that vaidya srs blog had been prejudiced by bjp and sangh leaders, and that gadkari should clarify his stand in the interests of the party.
the party chief went out of his way to placate modi and alluded to vaidya sr as a journalist instead of as a swayamsevak, which he continues to be despite not holding a sangh post.
the bjp chief said he rejected vaidya srs insinuation and emphasised: the bjp is firmly and unitedly behind narendra modi, and we are confident that the party will win decisively in the (gujarat) assembly elections.
vaidya jr fell out with modi when the former was gujarats pranth pracharak (propagandist).
he was sent to chennai and then moved to nagpur and is now part of the sanghs 23-member working executive committee.
sangh and bjp sources drew a distinction between ram jethmalanis clamour for gadkaris head and vaidya srs blog.
they said that jethmalani  who re-entered the bjp as a rajya sabha mp because of modis exertions  did not enjoy much clout in the party but vaidya srs counsel was at times taken seriously by sangh chief mohanrao bhagwat.
so, the two are not on a par, a bjp source saidsources said that despite pressure from cadres and the bjps younger leaders to project modi as the partys principal leader in 2014, the sangh was hesitant.
the reasons they cited were:  the sangh fears that foregrounding modi would consolidate minority votes in the congresss favour.
the nda might unravel.
modi might be unacceptable to the bjp brass because of his controversial style of functioning.
forest guards inside the kaziranga national park.
file picture jorhat, aug.
27: the asian development bank (adb) has instituted a model study to ascertain the impact of a rs 109-crore project to carry out anti-erosion measures on the brahmaputra along kaziranga national park.
the decision comes after the forest department declined to give a no objection certificate (noc) to the project supported by the organisation.
kunut oberhagemall, an adb expert on water resources from germany, is camping at kaziranga to carry out the study.
there could be a slight change on the detailed project report (dpr) as there is concern that implementation of the project might have an adverse impact.
to allay such fears, the adb study will assess the impact of such constructions on the national park and its adjoining areas, ravishankarprasad prasad, chief executive officer of assam integrated flood & riverbank erosion management agency, told the telegraph.
prasad added that the study is likely to take only a few months and subsequently work on the project would start with slight changes in the dpr.
sources said the forest department has raised concerns that construction of the embankment might trigger a rise in the water level of the brahmaputra near the national park, which might have an adverse impact on the park.
another area of concern is that construction of the embankment would result in the floodwaters remaining stagnant in vast areas in and around the national park for a long duration.
felling of at least 2,000 trees in the reaches of kaziranga to carry out construction work has also got the department worried.
the project, submitted by the water resources department in 2009-2010, proposes to provide a 4.
7 km secondary embankment to prevent sudden intrusion of floodwaters into the national park, three sluice gates along the national park boundary dyke, and 3km of riverbank protection through siltation measures using porcupines.
according to official records, the area between arimora and agoratoli in the national park has been under constant threat of erosion since 1970.
erosion became serious in 1998 for which the forest department shifted anti-poaching camps located in the area.
the river is now flowing a few meters away from the forest inspection bungalow located at arimora.
the water resources department had first submitted a rs 220-crore project proposal to the adb in 2006 for protection of kaziranga from the onslaught of brahmaputra.
subsequently a six-member adb team, led by kenechy yakoyama, visited the national park.
the adb team, however, directed the water resources department to submit a separate project with less use of boulders following which the latter submitted a dpr worth rs 109 crore.
the clearance of this ambitious project hangs in the balance following the kaziranga national park authorities declining to clear the noc.
the kaziranga national park is carrying out a rs 2-crore project to check rampant erosion by the river at the arimora area.
sources said only 35 per cent of the work has been completed till now.
roshan kumarpatna: the bihar team is likely to participate in the ranji trophy slated to be held in october this year.
after the supreme court directed the board of control for cricket in india (bcci) to permit the state to participate in domestic cricket championships and the sourav ganguly-led technical committee of bcci recommended the reinstatement of bihar in the 2018-19 ranji trophy, the bcci is working on formalities so that bihar can play this year's ranji matches.
bihar cricket association (bca) general secretary ravishankarprasad prasad singh said: we have come to know that bihar will allowed to participate at this year's ranji matches.
the team will be placed with state teams of northeastern states and uttarakhand in the group.
singh said: this year's ranji format will comprise four groups - a, b, c and d. the d category group will comprise bihar, uttarakhand and state teams from northeastern states leaving aside assam.
based on the performance of teams in the d category, one team will get an entry in the quarter-final.
however, singh claimed that an official communiqu is yet to be made from bcci for participation in ranji matches.
as the state is likely to participate in ranji matches, the bca has started preparations for domestic matches.
the bca is organising trial camps for selection of players from districts in different categories at moin-ul-haq stadium.
kumar ankit, an aspiring player, said: it is a great opportunity for cricket players in bihar as apart from players getting an opportunity to play in domestic matches such as ranji trophy, vijay hazare trophy and syed mushtaq ali trophy, there is an opportunity for players to play in the ipl too.
bihar had been barred from participating in cricket tournaments at the national level in 2000 when the bcci de-affiliated the bihar cricket association (bca) as its full member and the status was conferred to jharkhand when the state was carved out from bihar.
the association since then has been fighting a legal battle to get back the status to enable its team to take part in cricket tournaments.
new delhi, may 25: a terse text message from rajiv pratap rudy to certain journalists this afternoon set alarm bells ringing among his peers and immediate seniors in the bjp.
the message said: thank u, i am not in cabinet, will look after party work  rudy.
rudys three cellphone numbers were promptly switched off while nobody answered his landline.
rudy, who defeated lalu prasads wife rabri devi in saran, was a civil aviation minister in the vajpayee-led nda government.
a trained pilot, who worked for a commercial airline for gratis in the period when the bjp was out of power, rudy, a rajput by caste and regarded as close to the party president, rajnath singh, was a running favourite as a probable in narendra modis cabinet.
it was assumed that rudy would walk in effortlessly, a bjp source said.
this morning, he was reportedly told by rajnath that he will continue in the bjp as a general secretary and focus on bihar, which the party thinks could hurtle into a mid-term election.
last week, when a delegation of the bjps newly elected mps from karnataka called on modi at gujarat bhavan, his message to them was they would have to work hard to rebuild the party and keep the cadres batteries recharged because the modi wave could peter out in three months.
in the delegation was sixth time south bangalore mp ananth kumar, who supposedly faced a tough fight this time against nandan nilekani of the congress and triumphed with a huge margin.
sources said ananth, an urban development minister in the vajpayee government, too might be grounded in the party.
d.v. sadananda gowda, a former karnataka chief minister, is the likeliest cabinet inductee from karnataka.
gowda is a vokkaliga by caste.
to placate the other powerful community of the state, the lingayats, modi could have a junior minister from the caste.
b.s yeddyurappa, another former chief minister, also won the election.
but since he is not quite out of a legal tangle arising from his alleged dubious land dealings, modi discreetly communicated to yeddyurappa to retain his honour as well as that of the new government, it was better if yeddyurappa ruled himself out as a prospective minister.
he did just that in a letter to modi that was made available to the press.
yet another senior, who was fancied as a sure-fire inductee but faces uncertainty, was m. venkaiah naidu.
he was a rural development minister in the vajpayee dispensation.
sources said he was told by modi that he would be used in another capacity.
mukhtar abbas naqvi, for long the bjps muslim face with shahnawaz hussain, was reportedly unsure of making the grade that seemed a foregone conclusion last week.
hussain lost his election from bhagalpur.
it appeared his defeat had cleared the way for naqvis ministership although he is a rajya sabha mp.
sources said the minority quota toss-up was between naqvi and najma heptullah, also a rajya sabha member.
although naqvi has put in far longer years in the bjp than najma, a former congress leader, a source said she also had gender and stature on her side.
najma was the rajya sabhas deputy chairperson for several years.
the bjps likely faces from bihar are ravishankarprasad prasad and radha mohan singh, who won from motihari.
prasad is expected to be in the cabinet and singh will probably be a junior minister.
bihars slot will be taken up by two more expected inductions: those of ram vilas paswan (cabinet rank) and upendra kushwaha (junior minister).
both helm parties that had a pre-poll alliance with the bjp.
as consultations and discussions continued for all of today, sources said a list of the ministerial nominees was expected to reach rashtrapati bhavan tomorrow morning.
it is understood that the suspense over rajnaths plans dissipated this morning after he gave away his mind and said he would join the government.
much of the conversation around this election has been driven by the argument that narendra modis bjp is a party whose agenda centres on governance and growth, not on communally divisive and inflammatory issues like the building of a ram temple at ayodhya or the demonizing of muslims.
the bjps manifesto, released on monday, which had the ram mandir and other sectarian staples consigned to page 41, was cited as more evidence of this evolution.
the difficulty with believing the bjps new governance anthem is that modi and his right-hand man, amit shah, chose during their election campaigns to sing a succession of the sangh parivars oldest tunes.
as political disc-jockeys they showed a marked preference for the bjps bloodiest hits.
in bihar, modi made speeches where he re-mixed the cow-slaughter theme song under a new title, the pink revolution.
the lyrics of his cover version went like this: the congress government had subsidized cow-slaughter, butchers had grown rich on the back of meat exports, did yadavs really want to make common cause with people who killed the sacred cow?
amit shah, hand-picked to deliver uttar pradesh to the bjp in 2014, made even more viscerally provocative speeches.
majoritarian parties are founded on a narrative of resentment, in which the majority, the people, tried beyond forbearance by a devious, predatory minority, strikes back.
last week, amit shah played variations on this theme of vengeance in speeches in western up.
the political context of these speeches was a region communally divided by the violence that flared up in muzaffarnagar last year between jats and muslims.
amit shahs revenge speech in shamli received a great deal of media attention.
in this speech, shah urged jats to revenge themselves by voting against the samajwadi party, the bahujan samaj party and the congress because these parties had, allegedly, pandered to muslims and discriminated against hindus during and after the riots.
the election commission issued shah a notice on the ground that he was, prima facie, guilty of creating mutual hatred, causing tension between different communities on the basis of religion, and making an appeal on communal lines for securing votes.
the bjps strategy in these cases is plausible deniability: its leaders skirt the edges of the law without naming names or saying anything explicit enough to incur legal penalties.
in the case of the shamli speech, the bjps position was that shahs call for revenge was no more than a metaphorical way of asking electors to vote against parties which had betrayed them.
it was a metaphor that had been used before in elections by barack obama himself and it was, therefore, a legitimate word in the political lexicon of a democracy.
however, a day after the shamli speech, amit shah addressed a gathering of jat leaders in a farm house in bijnor, where he forgot to take the usual rhetorical precautions.
the bijnor speech was reported by the hindi news channel, aaj tak (https://www.
youtube.com/ watch?
v=pcjydbwdqsy).
while attacking the bsp and mayavati, amit shah made great play with the fact that both the bsp and the bjp had fielded exactly the same number of dalit candidates in up.
he then moved to his clinching argument.
mayavati, said shah, in her eagerness to win the votes of a particular community (varg vishesh), a community that violated the honour of his assembled audiences sisters and daughters (jo behen-betiyon ki aabru pe haath dalta hai), had alotted that community 19 lok sabha tickets in the province, more even than the 17 she had given dalits.
the speech resulted in the local police lodging a case against amit shah.
this was denounced, predictably enough, by the bjp spokesperson, ravishankarprasad prasad, as an abuse of police powers and an example of votebank politics.
in actual fact, shahs bijnor rhetoric was so toxic that even prasads practiced legal mind would have been hard put to spin it as something other than hate speech.
while shah was careful not to name muslims in his bijnor speech, this omission bought him no wiggle room or strategic ambiguity because by citing the number of parliamentary tickets the bsp had given to the aforementioned particular community, shah effectively confirmed that he was referring to muslims.
we know that the bsp had nominated 19 muslims to ups lok sabha constituencies in this election, so we know that the community shah was referring to, the varg vishesh, which according to him, oppressed hindus and violated the honour of their womenfolk, was the muslim community.
there is no room for doubt here, no plausible deniability.
consider the enormity of the allegations made by shah in the bijnor speech.
he described muslims collectively as a community of oppressors and predators who preyed on hindu women.
this isnt even dog-whistling; this is straightforward communal slander, a textbook example of hate speech.
its worth remembering that the man who made this speech is narendra modis most trusted lieutenant, a man who used to be his home minister in gujarat, a political operator hand-picked by him to lead the bjps campaign in up, indias largest state, a state crucial to modis goal of leading a ruling coalition after the elections.
amit shah is not a political operative gone rogue: he is his masters voice.
shah and modi performed a kind of jugalbandi during their election campaigns across up and india.
they are masters, both of them, of the sangh parivars favoured musical instrument, the dog-whistle.
sometimes, though, as in bijnor, the dog-whistle was set aside and shah plainly voiced the ugly rage that defines majoritarian politics, its loathing of minorities and its willingness to shape that hatred into a political instrument.
the nature of amit shahs speech in bijnor is important not because he has been summoned by the election commission; the judgment that matters will be delivered by indias electorate, not its regulatory bodies.
the point is to show that growth might be the centre-piece of modis manifesto, but his economic agenda comes embedded in an explicitly communal politics.
gurcharan das, corporate indias most literate spokesperson, acknowledges modis divisive, polarizing politics but argues that his commitment to growth ought to outweigh our commitment to a secular politics.
there will always be a trade-off, he writes, in values at the ballot box and those who place secularism above demographic dividend are wrong and elitist.
given this perspective, das is unlikely to be disturbed by amit shahs speech at bijnor.
as for ambani, mittal, tata, adani well, businessmen through the ages have always packed long spoons and supped with everyone, whiffs of sulphur notwithstanding.
christopher marlowe, who was, like gurcharan das, a playwright, would have recognized his trade-off for what it is: a faustian compact where you give up a cherished value, or scruple or (if youre faust) your soul, and trade it in for the promise of well-being.
modis and shahs speeches make the price of this contemporary compact explicit: growth and prosperity can be ours if we are prepared to ignore the violent marginalization of muslims as incidental, collateral damage.
secularism and pluralism arent just abstractions: they are institutional commitments intended to protect the lives and rights of individuals and groups.
when we treat them as optional extras, we knowingly license violence.
after amit shahs speeches in shamli and bijnor on the eve of this pivotal election, we cant say we havent been warned.
new delhi, april 3: top ministers in the central government and senior bjp leaders will travel across the country next week and spend a day each in over 100 constituencies from where the party had lost in the 2014 lok sabha polls, eyeing to win them in 2019.
sources said bjp chief amit shah had identified 120 constituencies from where the party could win in the 2019 general election.
bengal figures prominently on the list and at least four central ministers, rajnath singh, smriti irani, uma bharti and ravishankarprasad prasad, are scheduled to visit the state from april 6 to 14.
bjp leaders in bengal said singh would focus on the south calcutta constituency, which is represented by trinamul mp sudip bandyopadhyay, arrested in connection with the rose valley probe.
while smriti has been assigned north calcutta, bharti will be in howrah and prasad in hooghly.
sources in the bengal bjp said at least 40 central leaders were expected to visit the state.
according to the bjp insiders, the visits have been planned by narendra modi and shah, who don't want the leaders and workers to get complacent because of the victories in uttar pradesh and manipur.
the ministers and leaders are expected to address a meeting each of booth-level party workers, undertake cleanliness drives and spread awareness about central government schemes.
the goods and services tax legislation, the mobile payment app bhim and grant of constitutional status to the other backward class commission would be the focus of the campaign.
we have made significant inroads into the northeastern states but have not been able to make a mark in the eastern states such as bengal and odisha.
there is huge potential in these two states and they figure prominently in our expansion programme, a bjp general secretary said.
the party is holding its national executive meeting in bhubaneswar on april 15 and 16, buoyed by the success in the local body polls.
jamshedpur, june 18: jharkhand will have 250 free high-speed wi-fi hotspots, 60 each in jamshedpur and ranchi, by next year.
of the 250 free wi-fi hotspots, 60 each will be operational in jamshedpur and ranchi.
bsnl state unit has received the necessary funding and is working for making the free wi-fi hotspots functional.
any mobile subscriber can have access to it irrespective of operators.
bsnl will be identifying the locations soon, union minister of communication and information technology ravishankarprasad prasad told the media on the sidelines of a function at a hotel in bistupur to commemorate vikash parva, a celebration of the nda government's achievements in the last two years.
according to sources in bsnl, the wi-fi speed would be at 4g levels as the state-owned telecom service provider would be developing optic fibre and cable network across jharkhand.
the minister said that in financial year 2016-17, around 185 new 2g bsnl towers would be erected across the state and more than 180 3g towers would also be installed as a part of bsnl efforts to improve services and connectivity.
we have already installed 650 towers in left wing extremism affected areas of jharkhand and in areas where electricity is a problem, we have got it working using solar power.
a further 250 would be set up set up in the 2016-17 fiscal.
around 50 such towers would be set up on the jamshedpur-ranchi route, prasad said answering questions about commuters' regular complaints about poor network on nh-33.
the union minister also declared that telephone exchanges were in for a massive upgrade since these were being converted into next generation network (ngn).
we have plans to convert 2,600 existing pstn (public switched telephone network) exchanges into ngn exchanges by 2017, he said.
the ngn technology has been designed and manufactured by c-dot (centre for development of telematics).
prasad also announced that 13 post shoppes would start functioning in jharkhand soon.
we already have post shoppes (where items like stationary, souvenirs, books and gifts are sold) in ranchi, jamshedpur and dhanbad.
fifteen more will come up across jharkhand this year.
this apart, 60 new atms and 2,600 micro atms will be opened at post offices across state this year, he added.
amit shah new delhi, march 19: bjp president amit shah today asked the party to focus on the jnu thought battle and the debate over chanting bharat mata ki jai, twinning the issues as central to the discourse on nationalism.
a trifle defensive over the campaign mounted by the political and ideological opposition against the narendra modi government on the charge of curbing free speech and expression, shah stressed that while freedom of expression allowed leaders, parties and governments to be traduced, criticism of the country will not be tolerated.
anti-national slogans calling for india's destruction and dismemberment were raised on the jnu campus.
rahul gandhi went there, said nothing on the slogans but tried to justify them as the right to free expression and speech, shah said on the first day of the two-day bjp national executive here today.
the bjp chief's formulation, separating political entities from the nation, could be harmonised with the views of a section of opinion-moulders who hold that while patriotism could not be compromised with, challenges to freedom of thought and expression were indefensible.
shah underscored the distinction, reminding sonia gandhi and rahul gandhi of the emergency that banned press freedom and jailed people who opposed it and the left, the maoists and stalinists whose supporters preach to us democracy.
he claimed that for 14 years, the congress had unleashed a campaign of calumny of baseless and scandalous charges against modi.
yet we did not say anything because it shows our respect for freedom of expression.
union minister ravishankarprasad prasad, who briefed the media on shah's address, said the bjp president wondered if the chant bharat mata ki jai was at all a subject of dispute.
shah equated the slogan with the concept of nationalism, saying: patently anti-national activities cannot be allowed on the plea of freedom of expression.
asked if shah suggested that the congress and the left were also anti-national, prasad replied: we did not say they were anti-national, we said they are questioning the bjp's commitment to freedom of expression.
i have not seen senior cpi, cpm and congress leaders castigating these slogans.
one of them was ' bharat ke tukde honge hazar, bharat ki barbadi tak, jung rehega, jung rehega' (india will be broken into a thousand pieces, until india is destroyed, we will wage a war) prasad asked.
bjp president amit shah at the party headquarters in new delhi on friday.
prem singha poll-scarred government and bjp grabbed at fridays supreme court ruling on the rafale deal to launch a vitriolic attack on rahul gandhi, demanding he apologise to the people and the army.
multiple leaders were put on the job, reflecting the governments eagerness to use the verdict to try and offset, at least in the perception war, the setbacks in the assembly polls this week.
home minister rajnath singh raised the matter in the lok sabha, bjp chief amit shah hurriedly addressed the media and finance minister arun jaitley accompanied defence minister nirmala sitharaman to a joint news conference.
law minister ravishankarprasad prasad too spoke to reporters.
the supreme court verdict is a slap in the face of rahul gandhis politics of falsehood.
rahul gandhi should apologise to the nation and the army, shah, silent since tuesdays defeat in three heartland states, said.
he declined to discuss the polls: i will react (to the poll results) in a day or two but i dont want to dilute the main subject today.
prime minister narendra modi and shah had presided over two party meetings on thursday but didnt speak on the election defeats.
shah slammed the congress president for saying the chowkidar (sentinel)  a reference to modi in his own words  was a thief.
all the thieves have gathered to call the chowkidar a thief but the country never believed it.
all the thieves have got together because they are scared of the chowkidar, he said.
defence minister nirmala sithraman addresses a press conference on supreme court's verdict on rafale case, at national media centre in new delhi on friday, december 14, 2018.
ptishah asked rahul to reveal his source of information on rafale, saying his credibility was at stake.
jaitley ruled out the congress demand for a joint parliamentary committee probe.
deals like rafale cannot be reviewed in a body of partisan divisions, it can only be done in a court of law, he said, adding that the court verdict was absolutely conclusive.
the deaf will never hear an answer, he said, describing the allegations by disruptor congress as fiction writing that was compromising national security.
in the lok sabha, rajnath sought to seize the opportunity immediately after the court verdict arrived.
madam speaker, the congress president has tried to mislead the nation over the rafale deal.
he has also tried to malign the countrys name internationally.
the supreme court verdict today has said, it is financial advantage to the nation, he said, demanding rahul apologise to the house and nation.
in the evening, prasad evaded a direct reply when asked about rahuls reference to the cag issue and his claim that the court judgment lacked basis.
he is going into technicality, i am going into substance, he replied, accusing rahul of denigrating the apex court.
the court verdict is in 34 para(graph)s.
it has dealt with all the issues (raised by rahul).
if he (rahul) wants to find fault (with the judgment) to do politics, i have nothing to say, prasad said.
our bureaujamshedpur/dhanbad: nac-kadma clinched the jamshedpur sporting association (jsa) volleyball league title by handing out a straight sets win over admh club-baridih in the finals held at jrd tata sports complex at bistupur on saturday.
the kadma outfit won 25-17, 25-10 and 25-15 in a one-sided affair watched by volleyball lovers, jsa functionaries and officials of tata steel sports wing.
premnath sarkar of nac-kadma was adjudged player of the tournament.
md of jamicol adarsh agarwal handed over prizes along with tata steel sports wing head ashish kumar, east singhbhum volleyball association president m. bhaskar rao and jsa volleyball sub-committee chairman pradip kumar tiwary jsa secretary avinash kumar was also present on the occasion.
jsa also felicitated former national volleyball player s. shivram for his contribution towards the game.
the tournament, which had to be rescheduled twice due to heavy rains, made a comeback after two decades.
twelve teams took part in the event organised at jrd tata sports complex as well as ramdas bhatta community centre grounds at bistupur.
in dhanbad, kendriya vidyalaya- simdega beat jawaharlal nehru memorial school-dhanbad 25-16 and 25-18 at the inaugural match of the three-day jharkhand state volleyball championship organised by school sports promotion foundation (sspf) at youth club ground at sindri.
a total of 17 teams comprising 10-15 year-olds are taking part in the tournament that will end on monday.
sspf district coordinator rakesh kumar singh said 17 teams turned up for event.
altogether 28 league matches will be played.
the final will be pla-yed on october 30, he added.
global sports federation secretary general bn patel and sspf additional director ravishankarprasad will give away the prizes.
ptinew delhi: congress president rahul gandhi on saturday hit out at law minister ravishankarprasad prasad over the pile-up of cases in courts and accused him of peddling fake news instead.
rahul hit back after prasad accused the congress of hiring controversial firm cambridge analytica, accused of improperly accessing data from facebook, in previous elections.
the charge has been denied by the congress, which has instead accused the bjp of using the services of the firm.
legal system collapsing under pending cases: supreme court 55,000+, high courts 37 lakh+, lower courts 2.
6 crore+.
yet, a staggering 400 high court and 6,000 lower court judges not appointed, while law minister preoccupied peddling fake news, rahul tweeted.
he also took a swipe at prime minister narendra modi on the delay in judges' appointments.
justice k.m. joseph overturned president's rule in uttarakhand in 2016.
when his name was proposed for the supreme court, modiji's ego was hurt.
approval of over 100 judges.
.
.
now on hold, he tweeted.
new delhi, jan.
27: lok sabha opposition leader sushma swaraj will file an affidavit in the supreme court to apprise the court of the true facts leading to the appointment of p.j. thomas as the central vigilance commissioner.
she claimed that a statement the government made before the supreme court today on thomas was not correct.
the bjp leader decided to move the apex court after attorney-general g.e. vahanvati informed a three-member bench, headed by the chief justice, that the documents relating to the two-decade old palm oil corruption case against thomas were not circulated among the panel that chose him.
the selection panel consisted of prime minister manmohan singh, union home minister p. chidambaram and sushma.
briefing the press today, bjps chief spokesperson ravishankarprasad prasad said that right from when the cvcs appointment process began, sushma was against him because of the pending prosecution and pleaded with the prime minister and the home minister to defer the decision, if only by a day.
prasad added when the prime minister and chidambaram determinedly went ahead with thomas, she had no choice but to record her dissent in the final note.
in a tweet today, sushma said: the truth is that i brought this fact (of thomass impending trial) to the notice of the prime minister and the home minister in the meeting.
she later told journalists: but this government is speaking one untruth after another.
so far, i have stayed away from judicial proceedings.
i have now decided to file an affidavit in the supreme court.
prasads poser to the prime minister was: the nation would like to know when did you learn about the criminal prosecution against thomas and how did you hear about it?
recalling that former us president richard nixon, too, had claimed that he had no idea when the investigation into the watergate episode heated up, prasad alleged that the thomas affair led to the prime ministers doorstep.
he had an alibi in (a) raja in 2g spectrum and (suresh) kalmadi in cwg.
but how does his government function?
the prime minister first defended raja and then said he didnt know anything.
the funds for the cwg were going from the pmo but the prime minister said he didnt know anything.
what do you know mr pm and how much do you know?
asked prasad.
former bjp mp shatrughan sinha joins congress in the presence of party spokesperson randeep s surjewala and bihar state in charge shaktisinh gohil in new delhi on saturday picture by prem singhactor-politician shatrughan sinha joined the congress on the foundation day of the bjp saturday, saying he has quit the party as it has turned into a one-man show and two-men army.
congress general secretary k c venugopal welcomed shatrughan into the party fold and termed him the best politician who was earlier with the wrong party.
joining the congress, shatrughan said its president rahul gandhi is a tried, tested and successful dynamic leader, who is the face of the nation and its future.
he hit out at the bjp leadership, alleging there's no place left for dialogue in the bjp anymore and the party's top brass doesn't value its own people and views opponents as their enemies.
party veterans are not being looked after in the bjp and are being sent to 'margdarshak mandal', he alleged.
in the bjp, democracy has slowly and surely turned into a dictatorship.
the party has become a one-man show and a two-man army, shatrughan alleged.
in an apparent reference to prime minister narendra modi, he said, people have called your bluff and understood your hollow promises.
you have been exposed.
the 72-year-old leader said whenever he tried to make a point, he was called a traitor.
if speaking the truth is rebellion, then i am a rebel, he added.
he also said the country would have transformed if the money spent by the bjp's on its publicity campaigns was spent on development.
lauding the congress' proposed nyay scheme, he said such a proposal has never been unveiled in the country.
shatrughan represents bihar's patna sahib seat in the lok sabha.
he is all set to take on the bjp's ravishankarprasad prasad in the constituency.
congress spokesperson randeep surjewala, aicc in-charge for party's bihar unit shaktisinh gohil welcomed shatrughan into the party.
new delhi, aug.
25: the bjp today rooted for anna hazares version of the lokpal bill, two days after it distanced itself from the draft, the somersault coming in a letter the partys president wrote to the fasting activist.
we have always been and are for a strong lokpal, nitin gadkari said in his letter.
for that to happen, (the) bjp accepts your jan lokpal bill to be the basis for a strong and effective lokpal to be put in place at the earliest without getting into procedural wrangles.
the letter was written and despatched this evening by gadkaris colleagues jagat nadda and vinay sahasthrabuddhe hours after hazare associate arvind kejriwal had publicly challenged the bjp to spell out its stand on the jan lokpal bill.
a meeting of the bjps core committee that gadkari chaired tonight placed its stamp of approval on his jan lokpal pitch.
l.k. advani, sushma swaraj and arun jaitley were among those who attended the meeting.
our demand is firstly the government should drop its lokpal bill, spokesperson ravishankarprasad prasad said.
the bill that replaces it should reflect the general premises and sentiments of the jan lokpal bill.
bolstered by the bjps turnaround, hazares associates kejriwal, prashant bhushan and kiran bedi called on the bjp leaders late tonight at advanis residence.
sources said they expected to be reassured that the bjp would not veer from the stand it fashioned today when the lokpal issue is debated in parliament tomorrow.
the sources cited several reasons for gadkaris somersault.
they said he was pressured by the rss and a section of the bjp to take a more strident stand on hazares fast after leaders like yashwant sinha and shatrughan sinha voiced concerns over the party yielding its political turf to civil society for want of clarity on the issue.
the sangh and the bjp dissenters, the sources said, felt that the parliamentary strategists were going soft on the government.
a national executive member, close to the rss, said he was unhappy with lok sabha opposition leader sushma readily associating the bjp with the prime ministers statement on the hazare episode this morning.
he wondered why the usually combative sushma allowed manmohan singh to get away with his dare to the bjp to nail him on personal corruption.
nobody from our party suggested he was under a cloud.
but as the upa governments watchman, he slept through the 2g, cwg and other big scams and this point was not made by sushma, he said.
it is learnt that when hazare brought up the bjps fuzziness with gadkaris colleagues, he was told that sushmas brief address at the all-party meeting singh had convened yesterday was in sync with the partys stand of supporting the jan lokpal bill.
gadkaris letter said sushma had demanded that the government withdraw its lokpal bill and supplant it with a more powerful one.
to reinforce the message of solidarity with hazare, gadkari today floated a new outfit called the yuva vahini, which drew its cadres from the partys youth wing.
the cadres not only replenished the crowd at ramlila maidan but also picketed the prime ministers residence.
the sources, however, conceded that they had fewer differences with the governments version than with the jan lokpal bill.
patna, jan.
18: supporters of gujarat chief minister narendra modi in bihar today sought to make their presence felt at the bjps function here to formalise the election of mangal pandey as the partys bihar chief.
several workers and district office-bearers chanted slogans in his favour despite the bjp high command backing deputy chief minister sushil kumar modis choice  pandey  for the partys top post in the state.
ignoring the slogans, bihars modi highlighted the partys success after the alliance with the jd(u).
not just the bjp foot soldiers, some top-rung state leaders also obliquely backed the gujarat chief minister as the partys prime ministerial candidate.
former chairperson of legislative council tarakant jha said the country had decided who to make the next prime minister.
but i will not say the name because it evokes controversies, he said, triggering a round of slogans in favour of the gujarat chief minister in the presence of the rajya sabha member, ravishankarprasad prasad, sushil kumar modi, and mps rajv pratap rudi, shahnawaz hussain and shatrughan sinha.
animal and fish resources minister giriraj singh echoed jha.
referring to the cancellation of a dinner by chief minister nitish kumar for the top bjp leaders, including modi, in june 2010, the outgoing bjp state president, c.p. thakur, said narendra modi should visit bihar as his feast was still due.
new delhi, aug.
12: parties closed ranks today to assert the supremacy of parliament and back bills to replace the judges-only collegium (panel) with a judicial commission that would give the government more say in judges appointments.
the strongest support came from trinamul whose lok sabha mp kalyan banerjee hailed the narendra modi government for bringing the bill and lashed out at the judiciary.
law minister ravishankarprasad prasad moved the two related bills in the lower house calling on members to rise above political affiliations and support the proposal to change the system, saying it was related to supremacy of parliament along with the independence of the judiciary.
the bills could not be passed today, though, as the lok sabha had to cut short its sitting for a presidents programme in parliament.
prasad repeatedly underlined that the government had no intention to encroach on the independence of the judiciary but the thrust was on asserting the supremacy of parliament.
the appeal saw the members come together.
the congress, which initially had reservations over some clauses, finally declared support saying it was hamara bill (our bill), seeking to take credit for framing the legislation the party could not pass in the last lok sabha when it was in power.
we have decided that this bill is ours and we should fully support it, congress leader mallikarjun kharge said, intervening while prasad was replying after the debate.
the jayalalithaa-led aiadmk placed a condition for support, saying similar judicial commissions should be set up at the state level.
but it was trinamuls vociferous backing that stood out.
in his speech, kalyan alleged blatant favouritism in the appointment of judges under the current system.
if i know the senior judges and i enjoy the blessings of the chief justice and senior judges, my name will be recommended.
if someone does not enjoy those blessings but is a good lawyer, his name will not be recommended, he alleged.
the trinamul mp also accused judges of giving primacy to pils for publicity.
he (minister) should bring a law which should state that in the case of pil, neither the name of the party, nor the name of the lawyer nor the name of the judge would be published and none of their photos would be given; then you see how the pils are responded to, kalyan said.
ravi shankar prasad at the press conference in parliament house in new delhi on wednesday.
picture by prem singhnew delhi, mar.
21 (pti): india on wednesday warned social media platforms such as facebook of 'strong action' if any attempt was made by them to influence the country's electoral process through undesirable means.
ravi shankar prasad, the minister for information technology and law, said the government fully supports freedom of press, speech and expression and is for exchange of ideas on social media.
but any attempt by social media sites, including facebook, to influence india's electoral process through undesirable means will not be tolerated, he told reporters in parliament house complex.
if need be, strong action will be taken, he said.
the us federal trade commission, an independent government body charged with insuring that companies abide by their own privacy policies, is investigating whether facebook violated a 2011 consent decree after media reports alleged that it had handed the data of millions of users to a political consultancy.
reports had alleged that cambridge analytica used data mined from facebook in the voter research it conducted for president donald trump during the 2016 elections campaign.
prasad alleged that congress party had links with cambridge analytica.
my question to congress party is whether to win elections, congress will depend on data manipulation and theft of data, he said.
what is the role of cambridge analytica in social media profile of rahul gandhi, he asked.
he alleged that cambridge analytica, the agency roped in by congress to run their 2019 campaign and termed as their 'brahmastra' in certain section of media, is accused of using bribes, sex workers to entrap politicians and stealing data from facebook.
the completion of the 19th india-russia summit at new delhi has been followed by satisfaction and expectation.
but spadework would be necessary to successfully carry out the sundry pacts.
the inevitable ripples generated in indias relations with the united states of america would also have to be managed.
given a rise in discord between the us and russia, washington is keen that pacts among russia and other countries exclude defence technology and armaments.
the uss perspective is derived from an american legislation on russian arms.
the legislation came in the aftermath of allegations of russian interference in the 2016 us presidential election.
however, a statement issued by the us embassy in new delhi was rather anodyne, stating that the us legislation is targeted at russia and that it would not be used to undermine military capabilities of other countries that washington considers allies.
india and russia have exchanged memoranda of understanding in the arenas of space, nuclear energy and railways, among others.
several agreements have also been signed.
they are compatible with the growing ties between both countries in such sectors as defence and energy.
moreover, there is also eagerness for partnerships in trade and investment, human resource development and technology.
but is the indo-russia relationship living up to its declared scope?
whatever crucial deals might be signed, cost is a paramount factor.
about a year ago, there were concerns that russia was constantly shifting goalposts and revising costs.
that did not, and does not, augur well for indias long-term interests.
distressingly, there have also been growing allegations of financial sharp practices in indian defence deals with other countries.
therefore, prevention of financial malpractices should be undertaken without any compromise.
addressing an india-russia business summit organized by the confederation of indian industry, vladimir putin opined that relations between india and russia have acquired a new momentum.
russia has been invited to leverage its potential in indias growing digital economy.
ravi shankar prasad, the union information technology minister, has spoken of the possibility of indias digital economy to be worth one trillion dollars within the next three to four years.
collaboration in artificial intelligence and e-health would supposedly bolster the momentum in technology for both nations.
narendra modi expressed an interest in russian investment in a defence industrial park in india.
the summit reflected a reinforcement of the dynamism in the indo-russian relationship.
nevertheless, have the constituents of economic diplomacy between the two countries met their stated goals?
india has striven to establish a strong, long-term energy collaboration with russia.
some important deals, such as the sakhalin oil and gas project, have been given effect with success.
however, the initial promise of expanding partnership in this sector has been belied.
russia has given more priority to western european countries and china when it comes to oil and gas.
moscow discerns that its interests would be better served by doing so.
the s-400 missiles, when accessed by india, would bolster air defence on the borders with pakistan and china.
india is also thinking of acquiring stealth frigates for its navy, helicopters for its armed forces and spares and ammunition from russia.
this signals that russias importance continues regarding indias defence.
india still imports more than 60 per cent of its defence equipment from russia.
notwithstanding a changing geopolitical landscape, it is evident that india views russia as an all-weather friend.
the bonhomie manifest in the annual bilateral summits notwithstanding, there are palpable changes as well as some contentious aspects.
india has a growing strategic relationship with the us.
meanwhile, led by putin, russia has challenged the us and its allies in western europe.
it has increased its ties with china.
some cooperation with pakistan has also been sought.
earlier this year, putins economic and foreign policy adviser, sergey karaganov, provided certain perspectives surrounding russias relationship with india.
he stated that russia would have to expand its relationship with china; but this would be balanced positively through other acts.
in the event of any sino-indian tension, russia would be ready to help india as an intermediary, if requested to do so.
russian national interest would not be jeopardized for chinas advantage; neither would it be so for indias sake.
what might be a pragmatic and effective indian policy in such a situation?
india would have to acclimatize to a new era of russia-china ties.
it should not rely excessively upon russian support to confront hostilities from the china-pakistan axis.
there should be greater emphasis on building a broader framework of relations based on the long-term russian apprehensions about a rising china.
this would be in tune with the russian preference for a multi-polar international system.
furthermore, india should leave no stone unturned to seek a relative improvement in russias relations with the us and western europe.
according to karaganov, there are some among the russian ruling elite who are apprehensive about china but not about india.
to enable an impressive and durable partnership, india and russia should nourish the strengths while starving the weaknesses in their bilateral ties.
new delhi, sept.
23: the supreme court today directed the bihar government to provide protection to the widow and children of journalist rajdev ranjan, who was murdered on may 13 this year allegedly at the instance of gangster-politician mohammad shahabuddin who was recently released on bail.
a bench headed by justice dipak misra also directed the cbi to file a status report on the investigation into rajdev's murder before the apex court by october 17, the next date of hearing.
the bench of justice misra and justice c. nagappan further issued notices to shahabuddin and health minister tej pratap on rajdev's family's plea for transfer of the trial and case to delhi to prevent the accused (shahabuddin) from threatening witnesses and tampering with the evidence.
.
.
.
it is prima facie discernible that the petitioner who lives with two small children, after losing her husband and the developments that have taken place in.
.
.
siwan, is in a state of continuous fear, justice misra said in a written order after hearing rajdev's widow asha's plea.
.
.
.
the superintendent of police, siwan district shall provide police protection to the petitioner and her family.
the concerned station house officer of nagar thana shall also see that the protection is given.
we have directed both the superintendent of police and the station house officer so that the petitioner, a lady in distress, shall feel protected, in her plea, asha told the court that she did not expect justice from the bihar government since after shahabuddin's release from jail on september 10, the alleged killers of her husband were seen in the company of the rjd leader (shahabuddin) and the health minister (tej pratap).
she submitted photographs showing the two leaders - shahabuddin and tej pratap - with the alleged shooter, mohammad kaif, that were splashed in the media.
those who hold positions in party and executive do not think for a second before attaching themselves to such anti-social elements and even render assistance, justice misra observed when asha's advocate kisley pandey brought to the court's notice the alleged politico-criminal nexus in bihar.
rajdev, the siwan bureau chief of hindi daily hindustan, had written extensively against the local mafia, which, the family alleges, culminated in the murder at the don's behest.
kaif, one of the alleged shooters, surrendered before a siwan court earlier this week amid public outrage over his photographs with shahabuddin and tej pratap.
soon after the apex court sent the notice to tej pratap over his picture with kaif, the telegraph spotted two advocates entering 10 circular road in patna - lalu prasad's home - in a hurry.
the rjd chief had called the lawyers to discuss the court notice to his elder son, party sources said.
who clicks photo with whom, you cannot make out; and moreover it's not written on their faces that the person who has come to click the photo is a criminal, tej told reporters.
i have received the notice and i respect the court.
but i also want to say that the notice should also be served to bjp leaders, because their photographs had also gone viral with criminals and shooters.
after the opposition demanded tej's resignation, his brother and deputy chief minister tejashwi yadav had tweeted photographs of senior bjp leaders, including ravishankarprasad prasad and sushil kumar modi, with alleged criminals such as kaif and iqbal ansari.
anybody can have a photo with anyone but can lalu deny his relation with shahabuddin whose shooter is mohammad kaif?
sushil asked.
another surrender sonu kumar soni, another absconding accused in rajdev's murder, surrendered before a siwan court on friday.
soni is a close associate of jailed gangster laddan mian, considered close to shahabuddin.
on thursday, a cbi team headed by rohit kapoor visited rajdev's village.
justice sanjiv khanna of delhi high court and karnataka chief justice dinesh maheshwari are the two judges whose promotion to the supreme court has been cleared by president ram nath kovind picture by prem singhthe president has cleared the names of two judges for elevation to the supreme court, which was preceded by expressions of anguish by the bar council of india as well as other quarters and articulation of proposals for protests such as dharna.
justice sanjiv khanna of delhi high court and karnataka chief justice dinesh maheshwari are the two judges whose promotion has been cleared by president ram nath kovind.
complaints have been aired that as many as 32 judges senior to justice khanna had been overlooked.
the choice of justice maheshwari drew criticism because of an earlier controversy over union law minister ravishankarprasad prasads direct interaction with him regarding a probe against a senior judge in karnataka.
although multiple opinions about the choice of judges are not new, the latest furore coincides with a blizzard of allegations that institution after institution is being undermined by one controversy or the other.
in march last year, then collegium member justice j. chelameswar had objected to justice maheshwari directly communicating with the law ministry, bypassing then chief justice of india dipak misra.
justice maheshwaris name was overlooked in november last year when his name figured in the zone of consideration for elevation to the top court.
no one has questioned the credentials of justice khanna, the nephew of justice h.r. khanna who was overlooked for chief justice by the indira gandhi government during the emergency.
but a former delhi high court judge had written to the president that the supreme court collegiums recommendation to pickjustice khanna amounted to casting aspersions on the merit of those overlooked.
other judicial sources have said experience alone cannot be the criterion.
at a meeting of the five-member collegium in december last year, the names of delhi chief justice rajendra menon and rajasthan chief justice pradeep nandrajog had been considered.
but the collegium of chief justice ranjan gogoi and justices madan b. lokur, a.k. sikri, s.a. bobde and n.v. ramana had not taken the final decision, sources said.
justice lokur had superannuated during the christmas vacation.
the reconstituted collegium, with the induction of justice arun mishra as the fifth member, decided on january 10 to elevate justices khanna and maheshwari.
before the government notified the presidents clearance, the bar council of india, which regulates the professional conduct of advocates in the country, criticised the collegiums january 10 decision.
bci chairman manan kumar mishra said in a statement that the january decision was unjust and improper.
the bci said the revocation regarding justices nandrajog and menon is viewed as whimsical and arbitrary.
they are men of integrity and judicial competence.
nobody can raise a finger against these judges on any ground.
the decision of 10th january, 2019, will certainly lead to humiliation and demoralisation of such judges and also of several other deserving senior judges and chief justices of high courts.
the council, in its statement before the centres clearance, said several state bar councils and other bar associations were pressing the apex body of advocates to agitate the matter before the government.
the bar council of india is hard-pressed to raise these issues.
today, the bar council of delhi has also taken resolution against the decision of the collegium.
several state bar councils, high court bar associations and other bar associations of the country have written to us and are pressing the apex body of advocates to raise this issue and to agitate the matter before the government as well as before the collegium judges.
most of the councils and associations have even proposed to sit on dharna and/or to organise some nation-wide protest on this serious issue, the statement said.
the bci said it had no grievance against justice khanna but questioned the hurry to elevate him, ignoring the merit and seniority of others.
told about the ministrys notification, bci chairman mishra told the telegraph: see the hurry it proves many things.
union ministers giriraj singh and (right) ravishankarprasad prasad perform yoga at the patliputra sports complex.
governor ram nath kovind (centre) inaugurates the event on tuesday.
pictures by ranjeet kumar deybihar ministers and grand alliance leaders stayed away from international day of yoga events - including the one at gandhi maidan - held in the state capital on tuesday.
they appeared to have taken cue from chief minister nitish kumar's recent statements urging prime minister narendra modi to impose countrywide prohibition before propagating yoga.
bharat swabhiman trust, one of the patanjali group of institutions of baba ramdev, had invited bihar ministers, legislators and leaders to the event at gandhi maidan.
some had even agreed to attend, but none turned up.
vacant chairs reserved for grand alliance leaders with their names pasted on them marked the event at which union communications minister ravishankarprasad prasad and other bjp leaders performed asanas (postures) and pranayama (breathing exercises) for over 45 minutes.
anil kumar, the patna in-charge of bharat swabhiman trust, said he and his team had taken care to invite all senior leaders of the state, including nitish, rjd chief lalu prasad and his minister-sons tejaswi and tej pratap, and bihar pradesh congress committee president and education minister ashok choudhary.
yoga is not of any particular party and our hardwar-based headquarters had decided to invite people from all parties, he said.
the presence of leaders from different parties together at the yoga day function would have sent a positive message to the masses and would have encouraged the cause of yoga.
tej pratap and a few other leaders had assured us they would come, but none turned up.
though grand alliance members asserted that yoga was a matter of personal choice and should not be made an object of public display, the complete absence of rjd, jdu and congress leaders and workers from yoga day functions - on a day when modi stressed in chandigarh that yoga is not a religious practice and should not be dragged into controversy - raised eyebrows in patna.
jdu spokesperson and mlc neeraj kumar pointed out that nitish, at a jdu conference at palamu in jharkhand on sunday, had challenged modi to ban liquor as yoga's first principle is staying away from consumption of liquor and it (yoga day) would be irrelevant without a ban on liquor.
neeraj said: our chief minister has repeatedly said yoga is a way of life and not a one-day event.
yoga is personal practice and is not an object of public display.
prohibition is necessary to fulfil the objective of yoga, but those at the centre are not paying attention to this.
he added that seeing the physique of several bjp leaders, including its national president amit shah, it did not seem that they regularly practised yoga.
in comparison, neeraj said, nitish was an ardent practitioner of yoga.
medical experts, however, rejected the chief minister's claim that prohibition of alcohol is a pre-requisite to gaining the health benefits of yoga and point to evidence suggesting that yoga itself will help reduce alcohol consumption.
yoga's benefits on the human body have been proven beyond doubt - and a small amount of alcohol will not take away the positive effects of yoga, said subhash manchanda, a senior consultant cardiologist at the sir ganga ram hospital, new delhi, who has studied the health impacts of yoga for years.
there is evidence that yoga itself will help reduce alcohol dependence, manchanda told the telegraph.
two years ago, public health specialist mats hallgren at the karolinska institute in sweden and his colleagues showed that a 10-week yoga course could reduce the alcohol use by alcohol-dependent persons.
their study, published in the research journal complementary therapies in medicine, found that alcohol use reduced from an average of 6.
42 drinks a day to 3.
3 drinks a day in a group of persons doing the yoga course, while there was little change in the drinking amounts among persons who did not take up the course.
senior bjp leader and former deputy chief minister sushil kumar modi said had nitish made yoga a part of the educational syllabus in the state, students would not have fallen prey to alcohol and tobacco use at a tender age.
pheroze l. vincentnew delhi: ravishankarprasad will visit ayodhya on thursday as part of his efforts towards an out-of-court settlement of the ram janmabhoomi-babri masjid land dispute, the spiritual speaker told reporters at jnu on monday.
he said he would be making a courtesy call on uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath this week.
ravi shankar has already met members of the nirmohi akhara, one of the parties to the ayodhya case.
ravi shankar had first offered himself as a mediator a fortnight ago, prompting instant rejection from a vishwa hindu parishad leader, several muslim plaintiffs, the all india muslim personal law board and the babri masjid action committee.
since then, he has found support from shia leader waseem rizvi and yaqub habeebuddin tucy, a hyderabad businessman and self-proclaimed descendant of the mughals.
in 2010, allahabad high court had awarded two-thirds of the land to hindu parties and the rest to the uttar pradesh sunni central waqf board.
all the parties have challenged the verdict, seeking full possession of the plot.
the supreme court is expected to hear the case next month.
ravi shankar was at jnu to deliver the nehru memorial lecture.
at an evening event on the campus, he told the students not to brand anyone anti-national.
if anyone wanted to break the country up, he said, what they needed was counselling.
three jnu students were arrested on sedition charges in february 2016 after slogans seeking to splinter india were allegedly chanted on the campus.
they are out on bail.
rebelliousness is part of youthfulness.
just because they're talking different, don't think they are anti-national.
don't brand them.
.
.
.
commenting on the recent murder of a schoolboy in gurgaon, allegedly by a senior student, ravishankarprasad advised parents not to allow their children to play video games that involve killing virtual characters.
mumbai, april 4: whatsapp, the instant messaging app owned by facebook, is mulling a foray into digital payments services in india, its first such offering globally, and has advertised to hire a digital transactions lead in the country.
in february, whatsapp co-founder brian acton had met it minister ravishankarprasad prasad to discuss ways in which the company could contribute to india's vision for digital commerce.
india is the biggest market for whatsapp.
of its over one billion users, about 200 million are here.
a whatsapp move into digital payments in india would replicate similar moves by messaging apps like tencent holdings ltd's wechat in china.
according to a job advertisement on whatsapp's website, the company is looking for a candidate with technical and financial background, who also has an understanding of unified payments interface (upi), bhim payments app and aadhaar number.
the job responsibilities will include collaboration with banks to resolve whatspp user issues and being an advocate for the users of our digital transactions service to the rest of the company, it added.
the upi, implemented by the national payments corporation of india (npci), enables transactions to be done electronically through a smartphone.
it facilitates the use of virtual payment address as a payment identifier for sending and receiving money, obviating the need to disclose details like an individual's bank account number and ifsc code among others.
on the other hand, bhim is an app that enables individuals to conduct payment transactions using the upi.
a whatsapp spokesperson said the company is keen to understand how it can contribute more to the vision of digital india.
we're exploring how we might work with companies that share this vision and continuing to listen closely to feedback from our users, the spokesperson added.
following the government's move to ban old notes of rs 500 and 1,000 in november last year, there has been a big jump in digital transaction volumes in india, including credit/debit cards, mobile banking/m-wallets and upi.
last week, swedish communications app truecaller, which has a large user base in india, started a mobile payment service based on the upi platform.
whatsapp has almost become the default messaging app for people in countries like india and brazil.
in india, it competes with the likes of hike, snapchat and viber.
union minister ravishankarprasad prasad inaugurates the tcs centre at a hotel in patna on thursday.
picture by nagendra k singh tata consultancy services (tcs), the country's top information technology company, on thursday opened a 1,000-seat business process outsourcing (bpo) centre in patna, with the promise of 3,000 direct and thousands of indirect job opportunities.
the setting up of a tcs centre in patna is also seen as an attempt by the union government to move bpos from tier-i cities to tier ii and iii cities where costs are much less, and also to provide employment opportunities beyond the top metros.
under the indian bpo promotion scheme (ibps), such centres will be set up in muzaffarpur, dalsinghsarai (samastipur) and patna city too.
union minister for law & justice and information technology (it) ravishankarprasad prasad inaugurated the centre.
the tcs centre in patna, being the largest bpo set up in bihar-jharkhand under the under the bpo promotion scheme, would create nearly 3,000 direct jobs as the centre will work round-the-clock in three shifts.
under the bpo promotion scheme, the union it department has set a target to create 48,300 seats, which will be divided according to the population of state.
uttar pradesh, being most populous state, will get 8,000 seats, bihar 4,600 and madhya pradesh 3,200 among others.
of 4,600 allocated seats for bihar, 1,910 seats have already been allotted.
ravi shankar, while inaugurating the bpo, said: whenever i visited bangalore, pune and hyderabad, i met youths from bihar, jharkhand and uttar pradesh working in these bpos.
they used to demand the setting up of bpos in their home state, where they could get jobs.
the tcs bpo centre here is just starting.
many more companies will follow suit.
tcs chief executive officer and managing director rajesh gopinathan said: the launch of the new centre in patna is aligned with the government's ambitious ibps and is aimed at creating new jobs and taking the it revolution beyond the metros.
a senior official at tcs, who is not authorised to speak to the media, said: the tcs is conducting interviews for recruitment of freshers.
however, as per the plan, local candidates will be given preference at the centre.
sources said the candidates will get a monthly salary of rs 15,000 to rs 20,000.
though the centre will take a few weeks to start operations, many youths had turned up at the event seeking employment information.
niraj kamal, a bca degree holder who attended the event, said: when i came to know that tcs is opening its centre in patna, i came over to seek details - how can one apply and the eligibility criteria.
sources said the tcs patna centre is already providing it services to the government as well as the private sector.
reshmi, an engineering graduate from uttaranchal institute of technology (dehradun) and a native of aurangabad who works at tcs patna, said: as the company is providing it services to government as well as private sectors, many people are working but with the opening up of tcs bpo centre, the workforce strength will go up.
the tcs centre inauguration was, however, marked by controversy.
state it minister ashok choudhary, who was invited for the function, didn't turn up at the event.
both ravishankarprasad and bjp leader nand kishore yadav, present at the function, attacked choudhary for not attending the event.
nand kishore said: the state government should not have mixed politics with such a important event.
the opening of this tcs centre is a big initiative, as around 3,000 youths will get direct employment and thousands more will get indirect job opportunities.
attempts to contact choudhary proved futile but sources said the education minister, who also looks after the it department, was holding a review meeting of the education department.
in the first week of march, ravishankarprasad prasad had inaugurated patna's first bpo, maestros technical services private limited, which will deal with the products of the centre's digital india campaign.
new delhi, july 9: the congress fought back with a volley of questions on twitter, a day after union finance minister arun jaitley mocked the party for scoring a self-goal yet again on recovering dues flagged by the cag from six telecom companies.
with jaitley being the third central minister to speak out on what the congress is terming the nda's telecom scam, aicc media in-charge randeep surjewala had several pointed assertions for him.
instead of thanking the upa for ordering the cag audit & exposing corporate malfeasance, mr. jaitley is criticizing us.
intriguing!
mr. jaitley you were law minister during nda-1 and are finance minister now.
did you ever order cag audit like the upa did?
.
.
.
the cag audit has supreme court sanction.
modi government cannot dodge facts by bowling a fake spin.
.
.
on what basis has mr. r. s. prasad made the outrageous claim that there is no underreporting of income from 2010-2016?
.
.
.
why do you want to conduct a 'special audit' by cas over a cag report?
.
.
.
instead of standing up as a trustee of our finances as finance minister, mr. jaitley you are sounding more like a lawyer for corporates.
surjewala's tweets were in reaction to jaitley's facebook post yesterday: shrillness, non-application of mind and a belligerent rhetoric seem to be the strategy of the congress party.
it is a pity that the party has been pushed to this desperation.
the congress earlier this week had alleged that the government was favouring six telecom companies by not recovering dues totalling rs 45,000 crore.
the congress based this allegation on a cag report saying the six companies had understated/underreported their income between 2006 and 2010.
although the cag calculated the amount to be recovered from these companies at rs 12,488.
93 crore, the congress came to the rs 45,000 crore figure by adding penalty and taxes.
the congress total also assumes that the six companies reported their income for subsequent years on the same formula they had in place between 2006 and 2010.
three ministers of the government - former telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad and newly appointed minister of state (independent charge) manoj sinha being the other two - have responded to the allegations saying the under-reporting happened during the upa years.
on the bjp's contention that this is a upa scam, the congress said the cag initiated the audit of the six telecom companies for 2006-07 to 2009-10 on the instructions of the manmohan singh government.
it specifically looked at underreporting of income and non-uniform method of accounting adopted by various telecom companies and consequent lack of obligation to pay outstanding licence fee and spectrum usage charges (suc).
this audit by cag was stalled/delayed due to a challenge before the courts regarding jurisdiction of cag to audit accounts of private telecom companies.
supreme court transferred all the matters before it and rejected the claims of telecom companies in april 2014 and permitted cag to audit the accounts.
cag submitted its report in 2016 after conducting the audit of the four years.
the government's answer to the congress allegation is that the process of recovering the amount was on since the cag report was submitted only in february 2016.
new delhi, june 22: the union cabinet today approved the guidelines for the auction of spectrum and its base price, clearing the decks for the biggest such exercise that is expected to fetch about rs 5.
66 lakh crore to the exchequer.
however, a decision on the controversial spectrum use charges was deferred, and the matter will soon be referred to trai for a second opinion.
according to sources, the notice inviting application to participate in the auction, is likely to be issued by july 1, followed by a pre-bid conference on july 6.
the bidding is expected to start from september 1.
however, this timeline was not confirmed today.
the government has finalised all issues relating to the auction of radiowaves.
this is going to be the biggest auction in the history of india, finance minister arun jaitley said.
the appetite for the telecom sector is big, said telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
the government is set to sell more than 2,300mhz of airwaves in seven bands, including the expensive 700 mhz band.
the other bands on sale are 800mhz, 900mhz, 1,800mhz, 2,100mhz, 2,300mhz and 2,500mhz.
companies winning spectrum in the higher frequency bands - above 1ghz such as 1800mhz, 2100mhz, 2300mhz - will have to make 50 per cent upfront payment and the rest in 10 years after a two-year moratorium.
for spectrum below 1ghz band such as 700mhz, 800mhz, 900mhz, companies will only have to pay 25 per cent upfront, with the similar payment terms for the rest of the sum.
textiles package the government today approved a rs 6,000-crore special package for the ailing textiles and apparel sector to help the producers compete in the global market against lower-cost countries such as bangladesh, cambodia and vietnam.
the package has set a target of $11 billion investment to create a crore of jobs in three years and generate $30 billion exports.
the measures approved include additional incentives for duty drawback scheme for garments, flexibility in labour laws to increase productivity as well as tax and production incentives for job creation in garment manufacturing.
the package will help in realising the true potential of employment generation in the textile and apparel sector, jaitley said.
over the last few years, apparel manufacturing had shifted to countries such as china, which had cost advantages.
however, china's cost advantage has been neutralised to some extent because of an increase in labour wages.
we have advantages of economies of scale.
therefore, it was decided to take steps to give a boost to the sector, he said.
we will overtake vietnam and bangladesh in garment exports within next three years if we properly implement the package, textiles secretary rashmi verma said.
industry associations welcomed the initiatives for the sector that has huge potential for job creation.
some, however, said that support for r&d was missing.
arun jaitley: date mix-up?
new delhi, oct.
18: the congress today accused union finance minister arun jaitley of misleading the nation with his explanation of why indians who have parked black money abroad cannot be named.
jaitley had yesterday told reporters that the names could not be revealed because of the double taxation avoidance agreement (dtaa) signed with germany by the p.v. narasimha rao government in june 1995.
congress communications chief ajay maken said the finance ministry website showed that the agreement was notified on november 29, 1996, when the united front government was in power.
he added that the atal bihari vajpayee government had signed 14 dtaas between 1998 and 2004, all featuring confidentiality clauses.
besides, he said, when the vajpayee government amended three such agreements, it chose not to scrap the confidentiality clauses.
this included the agreement with the swiss, he said, in whose banks most of the black money is allegedly stashed.
maken said india had signed 92 such agreements till date, and it was unfair to blame the congress for the narendra modi governments inability to reveal the list of overseas account holders.
yesterday, the government had told the supreme court that public disclosure of the names would violate the law and hurt indias financial and diplomatic relations with several countries.
maken said the bjps invocation of the dtaa restrictions indicated a double standard, for it had not accepted this explanation when the congress was in power.
he accused the bjp of misleading voters with the false hope that rs 15 lakh would be deposited with each individuals bank account when the entire lot of black money is brought back from foreign banks.
the bjp government now says in an affidavit to the supreme court that indias ratings would be downgraded if the confidentiality clause is violated.
why did the bjp interpret the law differently when it was in opposition and attacked the congress government when we offered the same logic?
he said.
we never politicised the issue but now we want to ask the likes of anna hazare, baba ramdev and kiran bedi whether they will launch similar agitations against the modi government as they did against the manmohan singh regime?
maken released a purported compilation of past statements by senior bjp leaders to buttress his charge.
the current law minister, ravishankarprasad prasad, said on january 18, 2011, that the governments argument that it can reveal the names to the supreme court but not to the public due to double taxation is baseless, maken said.
nitin gadkari said on the same day, any reluctance in declaring the names of swiss bank account holders will simply raise doubts about the integrity of people at the helm.
maken added: mr gadkari, now tell us whose integrity is in doubt?
he quoted modi as having said on february 1, 2011, that at the national security council, i asked, why is the money-laundering act not being used to track black money abroad?
maken also cited similar quotes from prakash javadekar and nirmala sitharaman, both ministers in the modi government.
yesterday, the congress had cited modis pre-election references to black money and, contrasting them with his governments submission before the supreme court, accused him of having cheated the voters.
the prime minister should have the courage to apologise to the nation and tell the voters that there is a difference between rhetoric and reality, party spokesperson abhishek singhvi had said.
the bjp preached before the election knowing fully well that what they were saying was untrue.
sanjeev kumar vermapatna: the bjp on monday took on state opposition leaders for raising questions over prime minister narendra modi's visit to champaran scheduled for tuesday.
mahatma gandhi is an ideal for the whole country and the opposition leaders should avoid comments on a programme being organised to spread the message of father of the nation, the bjp leaders declared.
it was aimed at the rjd.
instead of commenting on the visit of the prime minister, the rjd leaders should extend a helping hand in realising mahatma gandhi's dream of a clean india, state health minister mangal pandey said.
the prime minister is coming on a day visit to motihari, the east champaran district headquarters around 153km north of patna.
he is scheduled to address a congregation of sanitation volunteers.
the volunteers have comefrom different parts of the country and they spread the message of hygiene and cleanliness in different parts of bihar before going to motihari to listento the message of the prime minister.
the programme has been organised aspart of centenary year celebrations of gandhi's champaran satyagraha.
ravi shankar prasad, union minister for law as well as information technology, is to accompany the prime minister during the visit.
pandey declared that people who had brought infamy to bihar are talking ofcleaning champaran with the water of the ganga.
the rjd leaders should accept, the minister said, people of champaran are very happy over the pm's visit.
the rjd leaders should take a dip in the ganga first and repent for their misdeeds, he said.
pandey claimed that tuesday's programme would be a historic one which would not only add to the prestige of bihar but would also help in realising gandhi's dream.
another senior bjp leader, deputy chief minister sushil kumar modi, also attacked the opposition over the issue.
he fired a tweet in hindi on monday evening, which, roughly translated into english, said: were the people who defend the liquor and sand mafia the true descendants of mahatma gandhi?
is rahul gandhi, who supported the slogans for independence of kashmir and who trusts the chinese ambassador more than his own country's external affairs ministry, the true descendant of mahatma gandhi?
our special correspondent?
president once more: elder son tej pratap yadav assists rjd chief lalu prasad wear a party cap at the rjd national council meeting and open convention in patnaon tuesday.
picture by nagendra kumar singhpatna: lalu prasad seemed in form as he started his tenth innings as rjd national president on tuesday, with a speech that was reminiscent of his heyday.
he dubbed state health minister mangal pandey dengue mantri: people are dying.
dengue has spread throughout patna city.
he (mangal) should visit these places.
instead, he claims to be such a big leader that he will wipe out the congress in himachal.
describing ravishankarprasad prasad as former assistant secretary when he was patna university students' union president, lalu dismissed the union minister's recent claim that demonetisation has badly affected the flesh trade: god knows where he gets such ideas from.
he called ram vilas paswan, another union minister,  mausam vaigyanik (one who knows which way the wind is blowing) in a jab at paswan's party hopping.
he declared there would be a khati (pure) lalu government in bihar and that the graph of narendra modi is falling every day.
he took potshots at the nitish kumar government's crackdown on sand mafia: sand is grandfather of all construction, but the nitish government says it will sand on the weighing scale.
he announced that when his enemies hear his younger son tejashwi yadav's name their faces fall as if dacoity has taken place at their homes.
he declared that nitish is finished; there will be no one to take his name.
he didn't even spare himself: i land up in jails i constructed myself.
i got beur central jail constructed; i regret it.
i even made ranchi jail.
lalu also seemed to soften his stand against the upper castes: i mentioned that a nitish minister said that all the embankments had been weakened by rats.
the rats in the embankments are brown that is why i used the word bhura.
they (bjp-jdu) interpreted that i had said bhura bal saaf karo which i had never said.
they are trying to frighten the upper castes.
the bhura bal saaf karo comment, as the allegation goes, was a coded signal the rjd chief had given in his early days against the upper castes (bhu for bhumihar, ba for brahmin, etc).
rabri retortslalu's thunder, however, was stolen by his wife rabri devi when she dared the central agencies to take action against her family.
let them send any number of notices.
i am not going to get afraid.
if they are so eager to interrogate me, then they should come to patna and question me, she added.
she also referred to bihar bjp president nityanand rai's statement on monday on cutting fingers of those who oppose the prime minister.
we are not afraid, rabri said to applause.
will they (bjp) cut the hands and fingers of everyone in the country?
there are people in bihar who can also cut the hands and throat of narendra modi.
new delhi, march 23: two senior ministers today evaded opposition demands for an assurance that 15.
5 lakh vvpat machines would be procured in time for the 2019 general election to eliminate doubts of fraud or malfunctioning involving the electronic voting machines.
voter-verified paper audit trail machines allow voters to verify whether their choice has been registered correctly by briefly displaying, on a paper slip behind a glass window, the name and symbol of the candidate they have voted for.
finance minister arun jaitley sidestepped a question, raised as a clarification on his budget reply, on whether funds would be provided for the audit trail machines.
law minister ravishankarprasad prasad did not have that option as he was replying to a specific discussion on electoral reforms.
he refused to be pinned down on the media reports about the election commission sending 10 letters to his ministry since june 2014 requesting release of funds for procuring the audit trail machines.
his only assurance was that the exercise would not suffer for want of funds but he refused to provide a timetable.
prasad insisted that the supreme court judgment of october 8, 2013, ordering the introduction of these machines to clear doubts about the voting machines, had sought it done in a phased manner.
the opposition highlighted that the word phased'' in the order applied to the 2014 general poll, not to perpetuity.
the election commission has 55,000 audit trail machines, and needs rs 3,174 crore to requisition the additional 15.
5 lakh units for nationwide coverage during the 2019 general election.
poll panel officials say it would take 30 months to manufacture 15.
5 lakh machines, and fear they would miss the bus since the government has not been providing the money.
the lok sabha elections will be due in about 26 months and the election commission is facing two contempt-of-court petitions for failing to deploy audit trail machines in adequate numbers.
prasad sought to portray the opposition as sore losers picking on voting machines to justify their poll defeats.
but the opposition cited how bjp members had been the first to raise a stink about the voting machines after their defeat in the 2009 lok sabha polls.
when prasad referred to various high court orders in favour of the voting machines, bahujan samaj party member s.c. mishra underlined that these had been superseded by the supreme court's october 2013 judgment.
prasad then cited the poll panel's insistence on the audit trail machines being manufactured in the public sector and argued that the two companies that qualified could produce only so much within a given timetable.
he threw in logistical reasons relating to problems with storage and movement of the machines.
a dissatisfied opposition walked out at the end of his reply.
opposition members accused prasad of being non-committal even about a proposed message from the house to the poll panel seeking the deployment of the available 55,000 machines in the upcoming gujarat and himachal pradesh polls.
prasad had said it was up to the election commission to decide.
congress president rahul gandhi at a press conference in new delhi on december 14, 2018 (prem singh)the bjp on monday unleashed all its senior leaders to hit out at rahul gandhi, with union ministers and chief ministers fanning out across the country to hold 70 news conferences at 70 locations.
party mps protested in parliament, trying to use the supreme court clean chit on the rafale deal to launch an all-out attack on the congress president.
a privilege notice was moved against rahul in the lok sabha.
the blitz is part of an effort by bjp president amit shah, perturbed by defeats in three heartland states at the hands of the congress, to change the mood ahead of the general election.
many in the bjp feel the recent state election results have announced rahuls arrival as a potential challenger to prime minister narendra modi next summer.
uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath was sent to guwahati, his maharashtra counterpart devendra fadnavis to hyderabad.
union ministers nirmala sitharaman and ravishankarprasad prasad travelled to mumbai and bhopal, respectively, and party general secretary ram madhav to chennai.
their prime contention was that the apex court judgment was a slap in the face of rahul gandhi and had demolished his lies on the rafale deal.
rahul gandhi used lies after lies to mislead the people and compromised with the countrys security.
the supreme court judgment has exposed his lies, fadnavis told reporters.
adityanath said: rahul has said he doesnt agree with the judgment.
this is contempt of court and shows the congresss irresponsible attitude towards institutions.
in the lok sabha, bjp members stood on their seats holding placards that demanded an apology from rahul.
mumbai, april 1: the symbolism of the hand with a slightly nicked finger wont be lost on indias electorate.
on sunday, yashwant sinha had labelled p. chidambaram as a sub-5 finance minister  trying to drive home the point that he had a peculiar habit of running a perfectly robust economy into the ground.
sinha said he had done it twice already  in 1997-98 and 2012-2013  by nudging the growth rate below 5 per cent.
and chidambaram is well on his way to do an encore this year, just before the election caravans start to roll.
on tuesday, the withering criticism from the ndas former finance minister, which chidambaram termed puerile, seemed to acquire a ring of truth when the reserve bank of india said gdp growth in 2013-14 would in all likelihood be lower than 5 per cent.
in early february, the central statistical organisation (cso), the governments statistician, had said the economy would grow at 4.
9 per cent this fiscal while presenting its advance estimate.
the dog days for the indian economy had started in the very first quarter (april-june) when it recorded a growth rate of 4.
4 per cent  the slowest in over a decade.
even as the rupee wobbled and investments in new projects shrank, the growth rate rose by a blip to 4.
8 per cent in the second quarter (july-september).
it then wilted a little bit in the third quarter to 4.
7 per cent.
gdp growth at 4.
7 per cent in the third quarter has not been enough to suggest that the advance estimates of 4.
9 per cent during 2013-14 could be realised.
the economy will now have to record a 5.
5 per cent growth in the fourth quarter to realise that growth (forecast), which on current assessment looks difficult, the rbi said in its report on macroeconomic and monetary developments 2014-15 (mmdr) that accompanied governor raghuram rajans policy statement today.
a fan chart in the document shows that the rbi expects gdp growth in the fourth quarter (january-march) to lie in the range between 4.
5 and 5.
3 per cent, short of the desired 5.
5 per cent.
professional forecasters polled by the rbi have trimmed their fourth quarter growth forecast to 4.
9 per cent from 5.
2 per cent earlier.
the rbi doesnt endorse their forecast but includes it in every mmdr document with a caveat.
the reserve banks forecast for the next year  2014-15  isnt rosy either.
real gdp growth is projected to pick up from a little below 5 per cent in 2013-14 to a range of 5 to 6 per cent in 2014-15 albeit with downside risks, raghuram rajan said in the central banks first bi-monthly monetary policy review.
the mmdr buttressed this point by saying: if the electoral outcomes fail to provide a stable government, the downside risks to growth could accentuate.
the congress and the bjp have been trying to score brownie points over each other by shovelling a blizzard of statistics into the public domain over the past week.
in its manifesto for elections 2014, the congress said: in the 10 years of upa-i and upa-ii, india achieved an average annual growth rate of 7.
5 per cent.
during the nda tenure, the average annual growth rate was 5.
9 per cent.
but the bjp has denounced the upa for trying to steal credit for 9 per cent plus growth rates achieved in three of the first four years of upai (2004-2009).
it termed it a harvest that the congress was able to reap because of the decisions taken by the nda government.
said bjp spokesperson ravishankarprasad prasad: we left an 8.
5 per cent growth rate for the upa in 2003-04.
the upa is leaving a behind a growth rate that is down to 4.
5 per cent.
everything is down except inflation and corruption.
the congress manifesto said: we will restore india to 8 per cent plus growth rate within three years.
the promise rings a little hollow at a time when growth in the past six quarters has stubbornly failed to rise above 5 per cent.
there are clear signs that have started to emerge that the new normal for the indian economy is a growth rate of around 6 per cent  and political parties will have to live with that fact and stop promising the moon.
the rbi said indias potential growth appeared to have dropped from 8 to 8.
5 per cent between the second quarter of 2005-06 to the third quarter of 2008-09 (a total of 14 quarters) to around 6 per cent between the second quarter of 2012-13 and the third quarter of 2013-14.
the wide range of estimates using alternative techniques suggests that currently the potential growth may be even somewhat lower than 6 per cent, it added.
but chidambaram had yesterday said the year will end more or less as we planned.
we will end the year with a fiscal deficit of 4.
6 per cent as planned, our reserves today have crossed $300 billion, the current account deficit which was originally estimated at under $60 billion is now likely to be $35 billion.
what we set out to do after my return to the finance ministry in august 2012 has been substantially accomplished.
the economy is more stable.
no one talks about downgrading anymore.
the fundamentals have strengthened.
congress spokesperson abhisek singh said today: facts cannot be overshadowed by rhetoric, polemics, slogans and oratory.
the competition is between the upa-i and upa-ii, not with the nda.
the gdp grew at 8.
4 per cent in upa-i and 7.
3 per cent in upa-ii while the nda best was 6 per cent.
the agriculture growth during nda was 2.
9 per cent while the upa-i had 3.
1 and upa-ii 3.
6 per cent.
industrial growth during nda period was 5.
5 per cent while the upa i & ii had 9.
2 and 6 per cent respectively.
services grew at 7.
8 per cent during nda while upa i registered 9.
9 per cent and upa-ii 8.
9 per cent.
the finger-wagging debate over economic growth figures this week may have raised the quality of the debate after the burst of slanderous name-calling among the leading protagonists in election 2014.
it also put the spotlight on two people who have opted to step away from the contest  sinha and chidambaram  but have shown considerable aggression in defending their legacies of deficits and weak growth.
they seem to have read dylan thomas who had exhorted his cancer-afflicted father not to go gentle into that good night and instead rage, rage against the dying of the light.
new delhi, july 10: achhe din  good days  wasnt the slogan on bjp leaders lips as they praised their governments first budget today.
instead, they were drawing on another of narendra modis mantras: sabka saath, sabka vikas (carrying everyone along, development for all).
the finance minister has laid down a comprehensive plan for the revitalisation of the indian economy.
this budget brings back hope into the economy, said a statement from new bjp president and modi aide amit shah.
it also lays the building blocks for our dream of ek bharat, shreshtha bharat (one india, best india).
the budget lays down the foundation to rebuild india on the principles of transparency, minimum government and maximum governance.
it sets the pace for greater financial inclusion of the weaker sections.
senior minister ravishankarprasad prasad said the budgets principal political message was that it was for everyone.
it is all-encompassing.
there is something for the poor and the marginalised, women, the northeast, the middle and the neo-middle class, farmers, he said.
the measures come in a wrapping whose big thrust is on reforms and growth in the financial sector; the measures come with a roadmap to make india a hub of economic growth while addressing the concerns of the poor.
party sources rejected corporate houses criticism of the governments failure to revoke the retrospective taxation law.
its deletion should not become the benchmark for judging the state of the economy, a bjp source said.
in opposition, the bjp had been second to none in demanding the scrapping of the law.
modi model modis fingerprints were all over the 43-page budget document, which was sprinkled with pet phrases from his pre-election speeches, such as minimum government, maximum governance, skill india and rurban.
if one paragraph articulated modis known disdain for populism, subsequent ones were eloquent on smart cities, whose template is chhattisgarhs navi raipur, a satellite of the state capital.
an outlay of rs 7,060 crore has been earmarked this fiscal for the development of 100 smart cities.
as the fruits of development reach an increasingly large number of people, the pace of migration from the rural areas to the cities is increasing, finance minister arun jaitley said.
a neo-middle class is emerging, which has the aspiration of better living standards.
unless new cities are developed to accommodate the burgeoning number of people, the existing cities would soon become un-livable.
several of modis flagship schemes from gujarat have been transplanted on the budget with handsome allocations.
gujarats rurban development model, which sought to urbanise villages to stem migration, will be nationally launched as the shyama prasad mukherji rurban mission.
mukherji was the founder of the jana sangh, from which the bjp was born.
the preferred mode of delivery would be through ppps (public-private partnerships) while using various scheme funds for financing, jaitley said.
gujarats gram jyoti yojana will be implemented nationwide and named after jana sangh ideologue deendayal upadhyaya.
under it, rs 500 crore has been set aside to establish feeders for the supply of power to rural areas.
these feeders will be decoupled from those serving cities and towns.
additionally, the scheme seeks to strengthen the sub-transmission and distribution systems.
another of modis big-ticket projects, the statue of unity to commemorate sardar vallabhbhai patels memory, got a rs 200-crore outlay.
the statue, originally intended to be built from scraps of metal donated by villagers, will come up in patels home state of gujarat.
modi had embarked on the scrap-gathering mission before the elections but the exercise ran out of steam mid-course.
pandits & ganga the rashtriya swayamsevak sangh-bjp agenda has been appropriately flagged.
a sum of rs 500 crore has been allocated in the current financial year for the rehabilitation of displaced kashmiri migrants.
this is a priority for the government, especially because the atal bihari vajpayee dispensation was slammed for jettisoning the resettlement issue after its leaders had raised it in the bjps political discourse.
valley pandits have been complaining that the bjp has no use for them because they do not count as a vote bank.
the bjps core constituency was upset with the vajpayee governments purportedly cavalier attitude towards kashmirs displaced because it saw the pandits plight as the result of the special status that article 370 confers on jammu and kashmir.
the river ganga has received special focus because of its symbolism for varanasi, modis lok sabha constituency.
a secondary reason is that the sangh and the vishwa hindu parishad have long campaigned for the rivers purification, with current water resources minister uma bharati as the spearhead.
jaitleys outlay for the integrated ganga conservation mission, or namami gange, is rs 2,037 crore.
another rs 100 crore has been earmarked for the development and beautification of the ghats along the ganga and the yamuna in kedarnath, haridwar, kanpur, varanasi, allahabad, patna and delhi.
on top of that, a special nri fund for the ganga has been set up to involve the diaspora in the sacred rivers agenda.
jaitley announced that a rs 100-crore national mission on pilgrimage rejuvenation and spiritual augmentation drive, with the acronym prasad (holy offering), will be flagged this year.
with pilgrims of all faiths in mind, rs 200 crore has been allotted for the national heritage city development and augmentation yojana (acronym hriday or the heart) for the development of mathura, amritsar, gaya, kanchipuram, vellankani and ajmer, to begin with.
to the bjps hard-core political elements, though, the high points are not the sacred rivers or the religious hotspots but the emphasis on manufacturing and the multiplier effect this would have on job creation and infrastructure.
arnab goswamis news show has an exciting fairground quality to it.
its like the coconut shy stall where the paying customer gets to throw balls at stranded nariyals.
on the news hour, goswami does the job for his viewers and since his targets are often netas, he provides his audience with a way of purging itself of its exasperation (long felt or arnab-stoked) with desi politics.
in a recent show, goswami had invited several spokespersons of the hindu right so he could hold their feet to the fire about k. laxmans comment that sania mirza ought not to have been appointed brand ambassador for telangana because she was married to a pakistani and thus was a daughter-in-law of pakistan.
k. laxman is the leader of the bjps telangana unit.
arnabs tack was incredulous indignation: how could the bjp question the indianness (or telangana-ness) of a sporting icon who had achieved so much in indian colours and had made so many indians proud?
in the normal course, this rhetorical stratagem would have worked because the measurable excellence of international athletes is so much more sympathetic than the malevolent insinuations of politicians, but in this instance arnab goswami was checked by the ideological enthusiasm of his guests.
the bjp, in response to the furore over mr laxmans statement, had paid tribute to sania mirzas standing as an indian icon, thus seeming to distance itself from the slur that her indianness had been compromised by her marriage.
not so: even in the early weeks of this government, a basic public relations strategy had become apparent.
in the wake of a controversy, senior members of the bjp hierarchy would make unexceptionable statements while on the news shows, less inhibited party spokespersons made the majoritarian case in plain terms.
for example in the controversy over the governments refusal to approve gopal subramaniams name for the supreme court bench, the law minister, ravishankarprasad prasad, took the high road, saying that he wouldnt be drawn in to commenting on the specifics of the case.
subramanian swamy, on the other hand, appeared on television and accused gopal subramaniam of letting hindus down in the ram sethu case.
thus, the law minister projected a high-minded sobriety, while swamy vigorously made the hindu case against subramaniam on television.
in the sania mirza controversy, prem shukla, the editor of a shiv sena newspaper and sudhanshu trivedi of the bjp peddled a robust, majoritarian common sense.
the shiv sena editor argued that laxman shouldnt be punished for voicing a perfectly natural apprehension.
sania had, after all, married a pakistani.
when goswami asked what business this was of his, he smiled disconcertingly and declared that it was his business because he was a fan of sanias and interested in her doings.
but it was sudhanshu trivedi, national spokesperson for the bjp, whose performance exemplified the bjps two-step routine in the wake of controversies.
trivedi began by taking the high road, arguing that the party had clarified its stand on sania and described her as an indian icon.
but, in the heat of argument, his political instincts reasserted themselves.
what, he mused aloud, would happen to sania mirzas loyalties if india and pakistan went to war?
arnab was appalled by trivedis question.
trivedi was unfazed: he had, he argued, merely asked a hypothetical question and the answer to it would become available when (and if) that situation arose.
horrified by the unrepentant chutzpah of trivedi and co., arnab declared that it was time narendra modi and rajnath singh and amit shah intervened in these controversies to rein in the divisive rhetoric that had begun to characterize the ruling partys utterances.
times now had even devised a hashtag for this political tendency, #rightwingfreerun.
in goa, for example, deepak dhavalikar  a maharashtrawadi gomantak party minister in manohar parrikars government and an ally of the bjp  declared that under narendra modis leadership, india would become a hindu nation.
not to be outbid in the loyalty stakes, francis dsouza, goas deputy chief minister and a senior member of the bjp, declared that india was already a hindu nation.
goswami invoked the bjps central leadership as a moderating force.
in this he wasnt alone; several pundits in recent days have cautioned, warned or advised narendra modis government about the rash of sectarian and majoritarian statements that belie the promise that narendra modi had held out (in their understanding) during his election campaign.
his promise, according to them, was of a new political inclusiveness, a more robust kind of secularism and a freedom from the polarizing politics of identity.
on the face of it, the belief that narendra modi and amit shah can be plausibly invoked as moderating figures, party grown-ups who can be expected to call the bjps vicious juveniles to order, is a curious one.
even after the caveat that the allegations against the prime minister and the president of the bjp are unproven, it should be difficult for any observer of indias political scene to persuade himself that narendra modi and amit shah are inclusive politicians.
they are possibly the most divisive politicians in indias republican history since l.k. advani in his ram mandir avatar.
so why should goswami, or indeed any political commentator, look to them to moderate the bjps majoritarianism or its hostility to indias religious minorities?
the most remarkable aspect of narendra modis electoral success was the fact that he was elected entirely on his own terms without any soothing concessions to the sensibilities of religious minorities or anxious liberals.
the keenness of political pundits to read into generic slogans like sabka saath, sabka vikas a new inclusiveness, a new moderation or a new concern for minorities is a testament to their capacity for hope.
their disappointment, therefore, at narendra modis failure to live up to promises he didnt actually make, is unreasonable.
so, what explains this unfounded enthusiasm and unreal disappointment?
its partly to be explained by the pre-election need to be in sync with the pulse of the nation.
the disillusionment with the congress and the enthusiasm for modi and the bjp were so palpable in the run up to the election that it may have seemed shrill and unserious to constantly carp about the divisiveness of amit shahs election campaign in up or narendra modis willingness to use majoritarian staples like the pink revolution in north india or the displacement of rhinos by muslims in assam during his election meetings.
secondly, after the election, the understandable urge to affirm the legitimacy of electoral outcomes combined with the need to be on the right side of history, might have persuaded some writers that wisdom lay in acknowledging a famous victory instead of railing against it.
the easiest way of doing this was to read into the bjps mean-anything slogan, sabka saath, sabka vikas, political inclusiveness or, even more daftly, a new secularism.
thirdly, for many pundits the smell of the swamp that hung around the bjps majoritarianism was deodorized by the fragrance of a more stringent economic liberalization.
liberalization seemed to shade attractively into liberalism, so they gave themselves up to hope.
sometimes they made a faustian compact: they traded in their commitment to pluralism in return for an economic upturn that would lift everyones boats.
it was only when the first budget turned out to be less than radical that they began to feel a kind of buyers remorse, a sense that they had binned their liberal instincts for an economic course correction that hadnt happened.
which explains the plaintive reproaches being aimed at the blameless prime minister who had never promised a new, improved inclusive india in the first place.
what it doesnt explain is the credulousness of journalists who are paid, or ought to be paid, for being sceptical, for describing and explaining the world as it exists.
no one should be surprised that the bjps deputy chief minister in goa describes himself as a christian hindu, or that another minister in the same state looks forward to narendra modi leading him into a hindu nation, or that a bjp spokesperson publicly speculates about the patriotism of sania mirza in the event of an indo-pak war.
these arent aberrant voices; they represent the common sense of the sangh parivar.
that political pundits and journalists should be shocked by these statements into reproachful commentary tells us more about them than it does about modis sarkar.
the supreme court will set up a bench on january 4 to hear the title suit.
(shutterstock)the bjp has pinned its hopes on the supreme court for the ram temple in ayodhya, realising that dependence on allies for the 2019 general election will make it difficult for the narendra modi government now to bring a law or an ordinance to build one.
the matter is right now in the supreme court.
the supreme court has fixed january 4 to decide about the next bench (that will hear the case).
we are hoping the supreme court will take fast-track the case and conclude at the earliest.
if thats not going to happen, well explore other options, bjp general secretary ram madhav told journalists on wednesday.
the supreme court will on january 4 set up a bench to hear the ram janmabhoomi-babri masjid title suit, which will then decide when to hear the case.
madhav said the option of bringing an ordinance existed but right now they were hoping the top court would resolve the issue.
the bjps bihar allies, the jdu and the lok janshakti party, have made it clear that the ram temple was not on the agenda of the nda and so they cannot be expected to support a law or ordinance.
bjp president amit shah recently buckled to clinch a seat-sharing deal with the two bihar partners, parting with seats the party holds in the state and promising to send lok janshakti chief ram vilas paswan to the rajya sabha on a bjp seat.
if we push for a law or ordinance on the ram temple, these two parties will not back us and may also snap ties, one bjp leader said.
law minister ravishankarprasad prasad had on tuesday urged the supreme court to expedite the case.
i appeal to the supreme court in my personal capacity to hear the ram janmabhoomi issue like fast-track court for a prompt disposal of the case, prasad said in lucknow, addressing a lawyers conference.
bjp leaders believe the party is in a spot on the ram temple issue.
the rss and the shiv sena are going all out to put pressure on the modi government to bring a law or ordinance to start construction, without waiting for the court verdict.
while we cant afford to lose allies like the jdu and the ljp, the anger of the rss and the sena too will cost us dearly, a bjp leader said.
the rss, party leaders said, has told the bjp it cannot hope to win the 2019 lok sabha polls without a decisive push for the ram temple.
it has argued that a law or ordinance for the temple will consolidate hindu votes and help the bjp tide over the discontent caused by farm distress and joblessness, the leaders said.
like the bjp needs allies in bihar, it also needs the support of the shiv sena to take on the combined strength of the congress and the nationalist congress party in maharashtra.
the bjp and sena had contested separately in 2014.
the sena has taken an aggressive stand on the temple and has been baiting the modi government in the run-up to the elections.
sena chief uddhav thackeray recently used rahul gandhis chowkidar chor hai slogan to rile the bjp.
no bjp leader hit back.
the sena has realised that we need them and so are using the opportunity to armtwist, one bjp leader said.
after uddhavs recent visit to ayodhya, the sena now plans to hold a mega rally in maharashtra to press for the construction of a ram temple.
new delhi, sept.
23: bihar chief minister nitish kumar has agreed to flag off l.k. advanis anti-corruption yatra from sitabdiara on october 11, bjp spokesperson ravishankarprasad prasad announced today.
to circumvent problems that might arise over narendra modis presence at the kick-off, the bjp is not likely to invite any of its chief ministers.
sources said since advani would be travelling to bjp-ruled states, including gujarat, there was no point in calling them.
the sub-text was if other chief ministers were invited, modi could not be excluded.
in case he showed up, the fear was nitish might not want to be seen with him.
nitish apart, several other janata dal (united) leaders are expected to be around.
a bjp source said there were two reasons behind asking nitish to do the honours.
first, it was advanis rebuff to modi who reportedly rejected the veterans original idea of starting his roadshow from gujarats karamsad.
the source said modi had argued he was not consulted over the choice of venue and he felt the yatra would hamper the working harmony mission he was carrying to every gujarat district as it would divide the attention of the bjp cadre.
second, after the questions modis mission raised over the durability of the bjp-dal (u) alliance  anti-nitish bihar bjp leaders made it a point to sit prominently with the chief minister on the dais and grandstand against nitish advani felt it was important to put relations back on track.
bjp boss nitin gadkari spoke to nitish this morning and secured his consent.
sources said gadkaris call signalled that the party would throw its weight behind the yatra despite persisting reservations.
sources said efforts were still on to coax a statement out of advani on the leadership issue.
they hoped that before his yatra hit the road he would make it clear he was out of the leadership race and would mentor next-generation leaders.
however, if his outreach to nitish is an indicator, advani has apparently still not abandoned his prime ministerial ambitions, sources said.
he and modi seem to be competing every which way.
first, advani announces a yatra, then modi sits on a peace fast.
modi gets jayalalithaa and raj thackerays support and opens up the prospect of getting two new allies for the bjp.
advani mollifies nitish and keeps one steadfast ally with the bjp.
now the tussle seems to be who will make a better coalition leader, an insider said.
advani underlined his pique with modi when he decided to cry off his somnath visit on the ram rath yatra anniversary.
it falls on september 25  the day modi is expected to sound his war cry for justice at a public rally of which advani and other leaders had no idea.
advani is the gandhinagar mp and would, therefore, need modis help to win again.
but if he heeds the rss advice not to fight another election, he would not be dependent on modi.
the contradiction here is if hes still determined to have a shot at prime ministership, he would need to contest an election.
his dilemma is indeed serious, a source said.
(from top) jayant sinha, poonam mahajan, ram kripal yadav new delhi, march 13: one of the surprises of the bjps fourth candidate list is the absence of former union finance and foreign minister yashwant sinha who, sources said, has opted out citing his age (77).
in acknowledgement of his contributions to the party, however, his son jayant sinha has been fielded from yashwants constituency of hazaribagh in jharkhand.
he isnt the only vip offspring on the list of 75 released tonight, although the bjp regularly rails against the congresss dynastic culture.
poonam mahajan, daughter of the late pramod mahajan, will be pitted against the congresss priya dutt in mumbai north central.
poonam, a member of the bjps youth wing, contested the last maharashtra polls and lost.
jayant has an engineering degree from iit delhi and a management degree from harvard business school.
in february, he quit his job with the omidyar network and joined the bjp which, under modi, is scouting for professionals.
jayant is part of a party-affiliated think tank on strategic studies and international relations, called the india foundation, which recently hosted an event for modi to discuss his economic outlook.
the bjp has revealed the names of 25 candidates in bihar but not who will contest from patna sahib, now represented by shatrughan sinha.
it seems the partys rajya sabha deputy leader, ravishankarprasad prasad, is keen on the constituency.
shatrughan is being persuaded to move to delhi but has resisted so far.
with s.s. ahluwalia getting darjeeling, sitting mp jaswant singh, another former union finance and foreign minister, is likely to try his luck in his home state of rajasthan.
ram kripal yadav, lalu prasads trusted aide who joined the bjp today, will expectedly take on his former mentors daughter misa bharati from pataliputra.
another recent defector, chandra mohan patowary, a founder member of the asom gana parishad, will fight from barpeta in assam.
atal bihari vajpayees nephew anup mishra, a former madhya pradesh minister, has been nominated from morena, and uma bhartis confidant prahlad patel from damoh.
sushma swaraj has returned to vidisha.
shahnawaz hussain, the partys muslim face, has been re-nominated from bhagalpur while close associate rajiv pratap rudy will take on rabri devi in saran.
former home secretary r.k. singh, who joined the bjp with a host of former bureaucrats, has been fielded from arrah.
giriraj singh, a member of the legislative council and one of modis most eloquent advocates, will contest from nawada.
of the five seats announced for karnataka, two have gone to nominees of former chief minister b.s. yeddyurappa, who recently returned to the bjp.
they are shobha karandlaje and g.s. basavaraj.
new delhi, oct.
31: the department of telecom (dot) plans to hand over airwaves won in the last round of auctions early next month even as major players such as vodafone and airtel have asked the government to defer the upcoming spectrum sale.
telecom companies, which had won spectrum in the february auctions and made their payments in the first week of march, are yet to be assigned the radio waves.
the operators can hold on to the existing spectrum for just four weeks; delay in spectrum allocation could affect the quality of service in key circles such as delhi, mumbai and calcutta.
meanwhile, top operators  bharti airtel, vodafone, idea cellular and reliance communications  yesterday wrote to telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad, requesting the deferment of the upcoming spectrum auction till adequate radio waves were available.
these operators, whose licences are set to expire in 2015-16, demanded that they should be allowed to continue with their existing spectrum.
the companies warned that if the existing airwaves were put up for auction without ensuring replacement, it could lead to a breakdown in service.
this is because the amount of spectrum being put up for the auction in january is less than the 2g spectrum currently used by these operators.
for example, in maharashtra, vodafone and idea cellular together hold 14mhz in the 900mhz band, which will be put up for auction.
if either of these operators is unable to win back the existing holding, there will not be enough spectrum to fall back on.
the operators proposed to pay the price discovered in the february 2014 auctions.
nitin gadkari releases the book secrets of rss: demystifying the sangh by ratan sharda (right) in new delhi on tuesday.
(pti) new delhi, jan.
11: nitin gadkari was the only bjp leader who spoke out for the rss on hindutva terror this evening.
the partys other senior leaders stayed away from an event held at the bjp headquarters to express solidarity with the sangh that is facing its most trying times since it was last banned in 1992 after the babri masjid demolition.
the occasion was the release of a book, secrets of rss: demystifying the sangh, by ratan sharda, a long-time swayamsevak from mumbai.
rajya sabha opposition leader arun jaitley was supposed to release the book with gadkari, according to the invite.
a placard with jaitleys name was placed on the stage.
as the bjp president took his seat, he told the organisers to wait a while for jaitley before starting the proceedings.
when he did not show up, the event began.
asked to explain jaitleys absence, gadkari told journalists: i understand that he was tied up at another event.
let me find out what happened.
bjp general secretary and chief spokesperson ravishankarprasad prasad who an hour ago had briefed the media on his presidents first year in office made himself scarce.
barring nirmala sitharaman, no other spokesperson or office-bearer was present.
the presence of indresh kumar, the convener of the sanghs muslim rashtriya manch, who has been named in the mecca masjid and ajmer blasts, was interpreted as a big embarrassment.
the rss office-bearer was seated in the audience.
no bjp or sangh member went out of his way to greet him.
when indresh was about to speak to tv reporters, he was quickly whisked away by a bjp staffer, who said gadkari wanted to have tea with him.
the unstated boycott of the book launch was part of the bjps strategy to stay aloof from the terror-tainted sangh.
the tactic was evolved for personal and political reasons.
first, l.k. advani and his loyalists never got over the snubs the senior leader got from the sangh after his 2005 pakistan misadventure.
more than the rebuffs to advani, they were affronted with the sanghs decision to overlook their claims to the bjp presidents post in 2009 and instead root for a state leader.
second, sources said, the bjp was clear that its immediate priority was to expand the nda and add more allies.
the last thing we need is the communal tag with the terror label to boot.
if we go overboard backing the sangh at this juncture, nobody will touch us, a bjp official said.
third, the investigations into the 2007 blasts have confirmed, piece by piece, the role of the sangh functionaries although it is still unclear if the conspiracies were actually planned with the knowledge and consent of its top brass.
if we go out on a limb supporting the sangh and the probe by some chance implicates it more deeply, we will have to hide our faces, a source said.
gadkari was defensive when he spoke about the rss.
after applauding the sanghs role in education, social service and health, he made a distinction between the rss and outfits such as abhinav bharat, accused of planning the malegaon blast.
i myself have heard the phone conversations of (hemant) karkare retrieved from his laptop.
these people (aseemanand and the others) were planning to kill sangh leaders.
they named indresh, alleging that he had got money from the isi, gadkari said.
yesterday, rss chief mohanrao bhagwat, addressing a meeting in surat, conceded there were members in the sangh with radical views but they have been told to leave since their extremism was unacceptable.
j.p. yadavrahul gandhi with children at naghoi village in his parliamentary constituency amethi on wednesday.
(pti)new delhi: the bjp's persistent attack on rahul gandhi has led many in the party to believe it's part of a plan to turn the 2019 battle into one between the congress chief and the mighty narendra modi, hoping the younger leader would be no match.
some sections in the ruling party, however, say the strategy might backfire.
these leaders feel that the party, by attacking rahul consistently, would build him up into an alternative after having earlier dismissed him as somebody of no consequence.
we are deliberately trying to prop up rahul against modiji.
the leadership feels a modi-versus-rahul battle in 2019 (when parliamentary elections are due) will be like a goliath-versus-david fight, a senior leader explained, leaving unsaid the fate of the giant biblical warrior.
the bjp's recent focus on not letting go any opportunity to target the new congress president is in sharp contrast to how it had treated rahul in the period immediately after the 2014 lok sabha elections.
party leaders would then choose not to give importance to rahul, saying he didn't deserve to be taken seriously.
a note the party rushed to all mps after a supreme court judgment earlier this week showed the bjp's change in attitude.
the court had on thursday dismissed petitions seeking a probe into the death of special cbi judge b.h. loya, who was hearing the sohrabuddin sheikh fake encounter case in which bjp chief amit shah was an accused.
the bench ruled that judge loya died of natural causes and accused the petitioners of promoting a political agenda in the name of public interest.
the bjp note asked all mps to attack rahul.
every mp should immediately give bite to local tv asking rahul gandhi to apologise for defaming amit shah in justice loya death case, the note said.
even ministers went into overdrive.
should rahul gandhi apologise after the supreme court ruling?
law minister ravishankarprasad prasad asked before coming up with the answer himself: yes, rahul should apologise.
the congress stands exposed.
the leader who spoke about a goliath-versus-david fight said it was perhaps also a strategy to play on the rivalry among opposition parties in view of the wider anti-bjp unity building up in the run-up to 2019.
many regional party leaders would not accept rahul gandhi as a prime minister candidate, the leader said.
do you think mamata banerjee will support rahul as prime minister?
bjp managers feel that the congress too is wary of directly projecting rahul as the party's prime ministerial face, fearing that it could spoil the larger opposition unity.
why are they (the congress) shirking from doing so?
another leader asked.
mayawati said she has full confidence that the alliance will crush the saffron party in the general elections.
the telegraph file pictureonce-arch rivals samajwadi party (sp) and bahujan samaj party (bsp) on saturday announced a tie-up in uttar pradesh for the 2019 lok sabha polls, sharing 38 seats each and keeping the congress out of the alliance.
the parties, however, said they would not field candidates in amethi and rae bareli, represented by congress president rahul gandhi and upa chairperson sonia gandhi.
they also left two seats, out of 80, for smaller allies.
making the announcement at a joint press conference with sp president akhilesh yadav, bsp chief mayawati said: this.
.
.
will rob 'guru-chela'  prime minister narendra modi and bjp president amit shah  of their sleep.
i have full confidence that just as our alliance defeated the bjp in the lok sabha bypolls, we will crush the saffron party in the general elections, she said, referring to the bjp's defeat in phulpur, gorakhpur and kairana parliamentary bypolls.
explaining why the congress was not included in the alliance, she pointed to growing poverty, unemployment and corruption over the years and scams in various defence deals during congress rule.
she also said that her party has never benefitted from an alliance with the congress.
in the past, i have seen that our votes get transferred to the congress, but not vice-versa.
we do not gain from alliance with congress, whereas vote transfer is perfect in sp-bsp tie-up, mayawati said.
drawing a parallel between the bjp and the congress, mayawati said the congress had imposed the emergency while the bjp is responsible for an undeclared emergency.
the joint press conference was held at a posh hotel in lucknow after the top leadership of both the parties had met in new delhi recently to discuss broad parameters of the alliance to take on the bjp unitedly in the lok sabha elections.
in 2014, the bjp had won 71 seats in uttar pradesh while its ally apna dal bagged two.
the samajwadi party won 5 seats and the congress two, while the bsp drew a blank.
reacting to the development, senior bjp leader and union minister ravishankarprasad prasad said, the sp and bsp have allied neither for the country nor for uttar pradesh, but for their survival.
they know they cannot fight modi on their own and their opposition to him is the sole base of their alliance.
odisha chief minister naveen patnaik pays homage to the slain jawans in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee patithe villages of manoj kumar behera, 33, and prasanna sahu, 51, who were among the 40 crpf jawans killed in thursdays terror attack in pulwama, will be made model panchayats and their schools named after them, odisha chief minister naveen patnaik said after paying homage to the martyrs at the biju patnaik airport on saturday afternoon.
their villages will be made model panchayats and their schools will be named after the saheeds, said naveen and added that the state would bear the cost of education of the two jawans.
the chief minister also announced an ex-gratia of rs 25 lakh each for the family members of the jawans.
as a mark of respect for the martyrs, educational institutions across odisha observed two-minute silence on saturday.
a large number of people had turned up at the airport to show respect to the departed jawans.
as the two coffins draped in national colours arrived at the airport, people raised slogans in the names of the two jawans and demanded that the government should not spare their killers.
while people raised slogans in the name of the jawans and against pakistan, the family members of behera and sahu quietly sat inside a makeshift tent of the crpf.
two friends of manoj took care of his mother sabitri behera, who is yet to overcome the shock of losing her son.
prasannas only son jagan sahu, a plus two first-year student, was inconsolable.
i am proud of my father.
at present i am not bothered about my future, but i want revenge.
i dont want the sacrifice of my father to go in vain.
as the bodies arrived, the crpf personnel gave them gun salute in the presence of union ministers dharmendra pradhan and jual oram, odisha finance minister sashi bhusan behera, health minister pratap jena and former dg of crpf prakash mishra, odisha home secretary asit tripathy, dgp r.p. sharma and police commissioner satyajit mohanty.
later the bodies were taken to their respective villages for cremation.
bihar chief minister nitish kumar pays tribute to crpf jawans sanjay kumar singh and ratan thakur, in patna on saturday.
(pti)tearful adieua sea of people waving the national flag, showering flower petals, shedding tears, raising slogans against pakistan and demanding revenge marked the final send-off to the two crpf jawans  sanjay kumar sinha, 44, and ratan kumar thakur, 30,  whose bodies reached the patna airport on saturday.
bihar politicians assembled at the airport to pay tributes to the two martyrs.
chief minister nitish kumar, deputy chief minister sushil kumar modi, union minister ravishankarprasad prasad, rjd leader and leader of opposition in bihar assembly tejashwi prasad yadav laid wreaths on the coffins at the airport premises.
members of lions club, dimapur, at a candlelight vigil in honour of the slain crpf personnel.
picture by bhadra gogoinitish declared that the families of each of the crpf personnel will be givenrs 11 lakh by the state government as compensation, along with monetary assistance of rs 25 lakh from chief ministers relief fund.
it is a globally known fact that pakistan helps and supports terrorist organisations that are trying to destroy the world with their activities, nitish said after paying floral tributes.
he added: the kind of mood that is among the people in the country, a strong action will have to be taken.
as crpf convoys carrying the bodies of the martyrs left the airport to take sanjay to his native place at taregna math village in masaurhi block in patna district and ratan to ratanpur village in bhagalpur district, there was a crowd of people waiting along theroads to bid the bravehearts a tearful farewell.
ratan was also cremated near his native place.
what made his funeral unique was that thousands of women from the area came forward to visit his home and expressed their anger on the incident.
modi and rajnath (left) at a review meet in delhi.
(pti) new delhi, sept.
19: india's relations with pakistan will never be the same again, union minister ravishankarprasad prasad said today.
speaking to journalists at the bjp headquarters this evening on the uri strike and its aftermath, prasad claimed the first objective of the narendra modi government would be to isolate pakistan globally.
the law and information technology minister added that there were limits to our tolerance and whatever action india takes will be mature, after factoring our strategic, diplomatic and economic concerns and interests.
if pakistan attacks us every day, the world will see it as a rogue country.
what it did in uri was a criminal act and our patience has run over.
india will take whatever steps it needs to, to isolate pakistan in the world, prasad said.
asked if the bjp or the centre regretted modi's overtures to islamabad, such as inviting nawaz sharif to his swearing-in and personally visiting the pakistan prime minister in lahore to wish him on his birthday, prasad said: modiji did everything a good neighbour has to do.
while counting the number of countries that could cooperate with india to reduce pakistan to a castaway, a government source claimed the uae, saudi arabia and iran were showing encouraging signs towards us, although this region was historically pro-pakistan.
the source recalled how modi was warmly felicitated on his visits to these countries.
even they have begun to regard pakistan as a rogue nation.
maybe they have figured out that the taliban elements, that are creating problems for them, have pakistani roots.
more importantly, they see modi as a stable pole to counter such elements, the source said.
as the government brass began to strategise on counter-moves, the bjp felt that uri would overshadow its three-day national meet at kozhikode beginning september 23.
the meeting, consisting of a day's national executive sitting followed by a congregation of the national council, was intended as an occasion to pay tribute to deendayal upadhyaya, a jana sangh founder and ideologue, on his birth centenary and give him his rightful place in india's political pantheon.
on september 24, modi is scheduled to address a public meeting on the kozhikode beach where he will formally launch the centenary celebrations.
but given the bjp's prevailing sense of anger, party sources emphasised that the event would give members an opportunity to hyper-ventilate their sentiments and seek answers to the crisis.
the bjp's larger constituency of neo-converts and sympathisers have been as forceful in speaking out against the uri attack as the party's rank and file.
except that unlike the latter, these individuals could go public with their views.
baba ramdev, the yoga televangelist and patanjali group founder, told ani news today in hindi: the time has come for all of us to break the jaws of these terrorists.
.
.
we have to take strict action, otherwise there will be more such incidents.
singer lata mangeshkar, who was an early endorser of modi as prime minister, tweeted in hindi, saying these brutes must be taught a lesson.
it is important for us to answer bricks with boulders.
bjp sources who were briefed this morning by defence minister manohar parrikar said they were told that the fencing along the border and the line of control would be made more impregnable and that local receivers who meet infiltrators would be squeezed out.
new delhi, april 25: the left and trinamul congress members rallied with the bjp today to demand removal of congress p.c. chacko as the chairman of the joint parliamentary committee (jpc) constituted to probe the 2g allocation scam.
apart from the bjp, 15 of the 30-member jpc, including members from the left, trinamul congress, dmk, aiadmk, janata dal (u) and bjd, met speaker meira kumar to express no confidence in chairman chacko and demanded his removal for highly partisan, unfair and prejudicial conduct.
the 30-member strength includes the chairman.
the support of the left and trinamul in addition to the dmk came as a shot in the arm for the bjp, which is desperate to corner and paralyse the upa government in the run up to the lok sabha elections a year ahead.
bjp has decided not to allow the parliament to function on the demand for the prime ministers resignation and sacking of law minister ashwini kumar.
the janata dal (u), split with the bjp over the issue of narendra modi, joined the team much to the relief of the saffron party.
the two heartland parties, bahujan samaj party and the samajwadi party, however, kept away and chose to be seen backing the government or the congress over the bjp.
the oust chacko campaign has been seen as primarily being carried out by the bjp.
members of the party in the jpc have been gunning for the senior congress leader heading the committee since he rejected their demand to summon prime minister manmohan singh and finance minister p. chidambaram before the panel for questioning their role in the scam.
chacko enraged them further by giving a clean chit to the prime minister and finance minister and enlarged the scope of the wrongdoing in allocation of telecom licenses to the nda government led by atal bihari vajpayee, the draft report stated.
the bjp members first held a meeting and then went to the bjd office in parliament where all other opposition members got together.
lefts sitaram yechury and gurudas dasgupta shared the room with trinamuls kalyan banerjee.
political enemies, dmk and aiadmk members, too, were there.
all the leaders decided upon a common draft to be presented to the speaker but preferred to give it separately on their respective letterheads.
apart from the bjp, others were particularly peeved about the way the draft report was leaked to the media even before it reached the committee members.
he has failed in his duty to lead the jpc to bring out the truth.
instead, he has used the jpc to conceal and subvert the truth.
therefore i/we the undersigned express no confidence in the chairman and appeal to the speaker to immediately replace him with another member, the memorandum submitted by the 15 members said.
yechury charged chacko of acting in an improper fashion and seeking to down play the lefts association with the bjp to take on the government.
yechury said he would be submitting his dissent note while rejecting the draft report of the jpc.
the jpc was scheduled to meet today to adopt the draft report on the 2g allocation, but it was cancelled following the death of sitting trinamul congress mp ambica banerjee.
the meeting now would be held some time next week where the draft report will be presented.
bjp strengthened by the opposition unity on the issue hit out at the government.
this is the biggest scam of independent india.
if raja (former telecom minister) says the prime minister was in the know.
.
.
then he (prime minister) should answer, said ravishankarprasad prasad.
attacking the opposition move, congress members wrote in a letter to the speaker: as the committee is in the process of finalising its report, they have begun to show their restlessness and resistance as their decisions have come under scanner of the committee.
parliamentary affairs minister kamal nath dismissed the opposition demand as absolutely incorrect and without any basis, saying it was akin to somebody saying after a judgment goes against him the judge should be removed.
chief minister nitish kumar pays homage to his mother late parmeshwari devi and (below) leaders, including jd (u) president sharad yadav, bjp leader arun jaitley, former minister ramashray prasad singh and jd (u) mp lallan singh, at the prayer meet on friday.
pictures by deepak kumar patna, jan.
14: words are the most powerful way to express feelings.
and it was visible at the all-religion prayer meeting held at the residence of chief minister nitish kumar to pay homage to his late mother parmeshwari devi.
such was the power of words that nitish could not hold back his emotions as a maulana spoke on the importance and role of mothers in ones life at the prayer meeting.
the affair was simple, as could be gauged from the arrangements at the meeting.
the temporary enclosures made for the meet were covered in white, symbolising the mourning atmosphere.
the chief minister first paid floral tributes to his mother so that others at the meet could pay their homage.
the portrait of parmeshwari devi was put on the open courtyard on the premises.
the all-religion prayer meet went on for an hour and everyone was in attendance.
from the powerful people to common man, the chief ministers residence was open to everyone today.
there were also arrangements to distribute prasad among all.
but security guards had to be deployed to control the crowd, mostly the party workers, who started jostling with each other to get prasad.
politicians attended the meet irrespective of their allegiance.
leaders of jd (u), bjp and rjd were present.
politicians who attended the meet included senior bjp leader and leader of opposition in rajya sabha arun jaitley, jd (u) president sharad yadav, former haryana chief minister o.p. chautala, rajiv pratap rudy, shahnawaz hussain, ravishankarprasad prasad and other ministers, legislators and presiding officers of both houses of the state legislature.
filmmaker prakash jha was also present.
the most noticeable was estranged jd (u) lok sabha mp rajiv ranjan singh.
lallan, who vociferously criticised nitish kumar in the recent past, made a surprise visit to the chief ministers residence.
his presence may hint towards the possible change in political atmosphere with the changing weather conditions.
rjd leader lalu prasad was, however, conspicuous by his absence but ram kripal yadav, opposition leader abdul bari siddiqui and ram chandra purbey were present in the absence of the party boss.
asked why lalu could not come to the prayer meeting, yadav said: he could not attend the meet as he is out of the station.
common people, mostly jd (u) party workers from across the state, came to show their solidarity to their chief minister at his time of grief.
we have come here to pay homage to the mother of our popular leader who has done a lot for the people, said lal babu gope, a party worker who had come from muzaffarpur.
(pti): the telecom commission has recommended a base price of rs 3,693 crore per megahertz for the premium 900mhz spectrum band, about 23 per cent more than what regulator trai had suggested for the auction scheduled in february.
the commission has finalised a base price of rs 3,646 crore per mhz for the 800mhz (cdma) band, nearly 17 per cent higher than the price suggested by the telecom regulator.
the telecom commission has recommended that per megahertz price of spectrum in the 900mhz band should be rs 3,693 crore, 1800mhz should be rs 2,191 crore and 800mhz be priced at rs 3,646 crore, an official source told pti.
trai had recommended that the base price for the 900mhz band be kept at rs 3,004 crore per mhz, for 1800mhz at rs 2,138 crore and for cdma spectrum at rs 3,104 crore.
the recommended base prices will be placed before telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad for a final approval and after that the cabinet might be approached for certain issues.
auction of spectrum in the 900mhz band will be held for 18 telecom circles.
similarly, spectrum in the 1800mhz band is being auctioned in 20 circles, while 800mhz band (cdma) spectrum is being offered in about 11 circles.
in the 900mhz band, about 184mhz of spectrum is likely to be auctioned.
in the 1800mhz band, the government has proposed to auction 104mhz of spectrum, which included airwaves held by licences that are expiring in 2015-16 and unsold airwaves in february auction.
for cdma spectrum, the government has proposed to auction spectrum in about 11 of 22 service areas for which no bids were received in the march 2013 auction because of a high base price.
penalty waived telecom tribunal tdsat today set aside a rs 650 crore penalty on airtel and a rs 100 crore fine on vodafone imposed by the dot in a roaming case.
we set aside the impugned orders of penalty/demand notices in all the three cases.
.
.
all the petitions are allowed with costs quantified at rs 25,000 for each of the petitions, the tdsat bench, chaired by justice aftab alam, said in the order.
guwahati, may 13: the bjp will move the national human rights commission (nhrc) seeking protection of rights of hindus, who took refuge in india after being driven out of their homes in countries like bangladesh and pakistan.
bjp president nitin gadkari today said india has a moral responsibility to accept all hindus from pakistan and bangladesh, who have been displaced because of discrimination and persecution on the grounds of religion.
therefore, all such displaced persons must be granted indian citizenship, he said.
gadkari said the partys human rights cell in-charge avinash rai khanna will be visiting assam shortly to hold wide-ranging consultation to prepare a petition, which will be submitted to the rights commission seeking restoration of constitutional rights of hindus, who had to leave their homes in bangladesh and other countries because of religious persecution.
the bjp chief announced that the party is also planning to move court in this regard and a three-member legal committee comprising ravishankarprasad prasad, bhupendra yadav and pinky anand will be constituted to prepare the case.
gadkari accused the congress of doing injustice to hindus, who came from erstwhile east pakistan.
they are not getting justice because of to the vote-bank politics of the congress, he said.
leaders of opposition in the parliament  sushma swaraj and arun jaitley  will also raise the issue in both houses, he said.
instead of granting citizenship, the government has humiliated them by declaring all as d (doubtful) voters.
the bjp will launch a movement against such step-motherly treatment meted out to hindus, who had come to the country after being driven out of their respective countries of origin, gadkari said.
on bangladeshi muslims who had illegally migrated to india, he said the government should take action against them according to law, adding that there is a different constitutional provision as far as hindus are concerned.
the bjp chief described the plight of hindus in pakistan as worrisome.
hindus in pakistan are facing harassment and even women are not being spared, he said, accusing new delhi of not doing anything in this regard.
taking a dig at the assam government, gadkari said probably assam is the only state in the country where power generation is coming down.
back home in my area, we produce one-fifth of the total power requirement of assam from biomass, which speaks volumes about the prevailing situation here and i am saddened by it, he said.
gadkari said several leaders from other political parties in the northeast, including chaoba singh and rajen singh of manipur, have expressed their willingness to join the bjp.
on the fresh crisis in the party in karnataka after nine ministers offered to quit yesterday in support of b.s. yeddyurappa, he said that bjp is a democratic party and differences are bound to be there.
we will resolve the differences amicably, he added.
bjp president amit shah is showered with flower petals as he arrives at the party office in new delhi on may 23.
apprime minister narendra modi thanked the country in the evening in a tweet, as he should.
in 13 states, voters have given the bjp and its allies a clean sweep, where the bjp's nearest opponents have been reduced to single-digit seat tallies.
the trends by the evening showed how the seats were likely to line up for the bjp.
here's a break-up of the states where the seat tallies are overwhelmingly in favour of the bjp.
arunachal pradeshseats: 2.
the bjp is leading in both.
in 2014, the bjp got one seat, the congress took the other.
assamseats: 14.
the bjp is leading in eight.
assam was one of the states where the bjp made inroads in the 2014 elections.
biharseats: 40.
the bjp and its allies, the jdu and ljp, are leading in 37 seats.
in 2014, bjp had won 22 seats while jdu got two and the ljp six.
in the begusarai contest, the bjps giriraj singh has already got 4 lakh votes from kanhaiya kumar.
in patna sahib, the bjps ravishankarprasad prasad leads shatrughan sinha by 1.
81 lakh votes.
chhattisgarhseats: 11.
the bjp is leading in nine seatsin 2014, the party had won 10.
gujaratseats: 26.
the bjp is leading in all the seats.
the bjp is hoping to repeat its 2014 tally of winning all 26 seats in gujarat.
party president amit shah is leading with a huge margin of 5,55,146 votes against congress candidate c.j. chavda.
haryanaseats: 10.
the bjp is leading in all.
the bjp won seven seats in 2014, with inld taking two seats and the congress one.
this time, however, the bjp is looking forward to sweep all the seats in haryana.
in karnal, bjp candidate sanjay bhatia has a 6.
5-lakh margin against the congress.
himachal pradeshseats: 4.
the bjp is leading in all 4.
the bjp hopes to repeat its tally in himachal and win back all four seats.
anurag thakur is winning with a margin of 3,87,812 votes from hamirpur.
jharkhandseats: 14.
the bjp and ally ajsu are leading in 12 of the 14 seatsin 2014, the bjp had won 12 constituencies and the jharkhand mukti morcha could manage the other two.
jayant sinha, yashwant sinhas son, is leading by a margin of 3,71,103 from hazaribagh.
karnatakaseats: 28.
the bjp is leading in 22 seats.
from 17 seats in 2014, it increased its seat tally by 5 constituencies.
tejasvi surya, the bjps youngest candidate contesting from bangalore south is leading by 3,29,097 votes.
madhya pradeshseats: 29.
the bjp is leading in 28 seats.
the bjp is likely to increase its tally from 27 in 2014 to 28 this election, denying one more seat to the congress.
terror accused and bjp candidate pragya thakur is leading by almost 3 lakh votes.
the congress candidate is digvijaya singh.
rajasthanseats: 25.
the bjp is leading in 24 seats and ally rlp in one.
in 2014, the bjp had won all the parliamentary constituencies of rajasthan.
tripuraseats: 2, the bjp is leading in both.
in the tripura west seat, where bjp was accused of poll rigging and booth capturing leading to repoll in multiple constituencies, pratima bhoumik, is leading by 1.
75 lakh votes.
uttarakhandseats: 5.
the bjp is leading in all.
just like himachal, the bjp hopes to repeat the magic in this hill state and get all five votes like the 2014 elections.
all the candidates are leading by more than 2 lakh votes.
guwahati, june 29: the next time you visit kamakhya temple, apart from divine blessings, you can also look forward to half-an-hour of free internet surfing.
bsnl will launch a wi-fi internet service, which will be available at kamakhya temple and its adjoining vicinity, some time next month.
usage for the first 30 minutes will be free and the service will provide download speed of 2mbps and be available 24x7.
once the 30 minute time-limit is crossed, one can continue to use the service on a paid basis - for which subscription plans of different durations (30 minutes, 60 minutes, 120 minutes and so on) are being worked out.
kamakhya temple in guwahati the general manager of bsnl's kamrup telecom district, sandeep govil, told the telegraph the company had completed installing all the necessary equipment and currently trial runs were on.
we hope to commission the service next month, he said.
govil said they are offering this service at kamakhya temple because it is one of the major tourist and pilgrimage destinations in the country and everyday thousands of people from different parts of the country and abroad visit the site, which is one of the country's most important centres of shakti worship.
apart from the temple premises, the facility will also be available on the stairs leading up to the temple, the car-park and in the adjacent shops and restaurants.
the process to set up the wi-fi internet service began in january this year, when tony das, a member of the kamrup district telephone advisory committee, put forward the proposal at a meeting of the panel.
the local bsnl authorities then sent the proposal to their corporate office in new delhi, which gave its nod.
this is the first time that bsnl is offering such a service to the public in assam, though they provide wi-fi internet facility in some other major tourist destinations in the country like at the taj mahal and varanasi ghats, govil said.
the union minister forcommunications and information technology, ravishankarprasad prasad, had inaugurated the facility last year in varanasi and taj mahal.
the introduction of this service will boost amenities for pilgrims at the famed temple.
there could be more such development activities in store for kamakhya temple.
on june 26, union petroleum minister dharmendra pradhan had promised funds worth rs 25 crore for the development of the temple's infrastructure over the next couple of years.
this fund will come from corporate social responsibility projects of different oil companies.
trai ups spectrum base pricenew delhi, nov.
27: the telecom regulatory authority of india (trai) has recommended a reserve price of rs 3,104 crore per megahertz for cdma spectrum, which is 15 per cent more than the rate it had proposed in february.
the regulator had proposed a reserve price of rs 2,685 crore per mhz for 800mhz spectrum, used for cdma services, in its february recommendations.
ricoh revenuenew delhi, nov.
27: ricoh india ltd., a subsidiary of japan-based ricoh company ltd, expects its it services domain to contribute a higher share to its overall revenues.
while the segment accounted for a 45 per cent share last fiscal, it expects this to go up to 5560 per cent by the end of the current fiscal.
gst billnew delhi, nov.
27: the government will bring the much-awaited gst bill, which provides for a uniform indirect tax structure, in the current session of parliament, finance minister arun jaitley said.
he said the direct taxes code (dtc) was under the consideration of the government but did not say when it would be brought to parliament.
dell plansnew delhi, nov.
27: dell is planning to expand its manufacturing facility in the country.
top officials of dell today called on telecom and it minister ravishankarprasad prasad and expressed keen interest in expanding their chennai plant.
new delhi, may 9: the bjp and the rss have responded cautiously to the supreme courts stay on the allahabad high court verdict on the disputed ayodhya land, saying it was part of the process of law.
bjp chief spokesperson and senior lawyer ravishankarprasad prasad  who represented ram lalla virajman in the title suit  told the media that the one-third partitioning of the land between three claimants was always legally vulnerable and, therefore, bound to be contested.
any original high court or trial court judgment can be appealed against in a higher court in terms of law.
how can you give land on one-third basis to three parties?
therefore, this needed to be stayed, he said.
prasad alluded to an apex court order of january 1993, which stated that status quo ante shall continue on that land.
this means the worship of ram lalla can continue because the court does not hold the 67 acres of land (acquired by the centre) to be disputed.
it is the 2.
77 acres (on the outer periphery) that is disputed, he said.
the supreme court reiterated today that no religious activity will be permitted on the latter plot.
asked if the return to status quo matched the bjps agenda of seeing a grand ram temple come into being, prasad said: there is overwhelming evidence that ram lalla was born here.
we will be able to convince the court.
rss spokesperson ram madhav told reporters in bangalore that while the sangh would ideally have wanted an out-of-court settlement, it has moved too far in the court.
so everyone should wait for the legal process to continue, he said.
uma consensus plan expelled bjp leader uma bharti today demanded building countrywide consensus for construction of a ram temple at ayodhya in the wake of the supreme court stay on the allahabad high court order.
she said the matter should be settled outside the court.
from the beginning, we have been demanding that a consensus be built across the country for a magnificent temple in ayodhya.
there is no clash of faith in ayodhya.
there should not be any move to create such kind of a situation, she said.
uma, an accused in the babri masjid demolition case, feared that if it (ayodhya issue) drags on for long, it will continue to remain a dispute and vote bank politics will continue to be played over it.
uma added that the muslim community should create an atmosphere in the country for construction of the ram temple at ayodhya.
app to help childrenpatna: chief minister nitish kumar on sunday inaugurated child labour tracking system (clts), an application meant to help curb the child labour menace in the state.
he also announced rs 25,000 would be provided from the chief minister's relief fund to every rescued child.
rape chargepatna: jehanabad police on sunday arrested two youths, munna kumar and jitendra, who are accused of raping a teenage girl on saturday night.
police said the youths lured the girl, a resident of gaya, and assaulted her in a building at gandhi nagar in the district headquar-ters town.
effigy burntpatna: khet mazdoor union on sunday urged the state government to roll back the cuts it had imposed on the scholarship amount for sc/st students.
the state government had reduced the scholarship amount from rs 90,000 to rs 15,000.
gang bustedpatna: six persons were arrested from patna on the charge of extorting people on the pretext of providing fake documents related to land, voter's identity card and other certificates.
camppatna: the three-day youth channelising camp concluded at gyan niketan school on sunday.
swami mitranand said individuals must transform thelselves for the betterment of the county.
competitionpatna: a swimming competition was organised at bankipore club on sunday.
cuffs on criminalpatna, june 12: police today arrested shravan kahar for his involvement in over 24 cases of murder, extortion and loot in different parts of patna.
yoga sessionpatna: the patna chapter of art of living organised sun never sets on yoga at buddha smriti park on sunday.
health camppatna: a free health check-up camp was organised at gutwell superspeciality gastro centre on sunday to create awareness linked to liver-related complications.
effigy burntpatna: rajiv chetna manch burnt an effigy of union telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad on sunday protesting against frequent call drops.
new delhi, aug.
12: madhya pradesh high court has set up a two-judge committee to probe the alleged sexual harassment of a lady additional district judge by a judge of that high court.
the decision to appoint the panel was taken on an order from the chief justice of india, r.m. lodha, to the madhya pradesh high court chief justice, a.m. khanwilkar, sources said.
justice lodha told the telegraph: yes, i had asked the chief justice of madhya pradesh high court to probe the allegations.
i had made the request four-five days back.
i have asked the high court chief justice to submit me a report at the earliest.
sources in madhya pradesh high court refused to identify the judges on the probe panel.
the lady additional district judge had accused the sitting high court judge, justice s.k. gangele, of sexual harassment.
she resigned on july 15.
it is learnt that she did not mention the judge in her resignation letter.
but she later wrote identical letters to president pranab mukherjee and union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad about the alleged harassment.
the state high court bar association had earlier written to the chief justice of india accusing the victim of granting anticipatory bail in 18 gang-rape and child-abuse case.
the two-judge inquiry panel will look into the lady judges allegations and the circumstances leading to her transfer from gwalior to sidhi.
if shatrughan sinha does contest the varanasi seat, the city will draw international attention as he has the charisma highlight modis failure to transform this ancient city into a modern kyoto-like centre telegraph picture/ pradip sanyalopposition leaders are churning out new names on a daily basis as a potential joint candidate to take on the prime minister, narendra modi, in varanasi.
the samajwadi party, the bahujan samaj party and the congress have almost agreed on having a joint candidate even though a consensus is yet to emerge on the choice of the contestant.
somebody floated the name of anupriya patel if her party, apna dal, is willing to snap ties with the bharatiya janata party.
others suggested the name of priyanka gandhi: this is, however, an unlikely possibility.
there are whispers that the name that the majority of leaders are seriously considering is that of the bjp rebel, shatrughan sinha.
although sinha is said to be keen on contesting the patna seat that he has been representing so far, opposition leaders have been persuading him to take modi head-on in varanasi.
support of the sp, the bsp and the congress combined with his rebel status and stardom can help sinha pose a formidable challenge to the pm.
sinha, who is still undecided about fighting for the patna seat on a congress or a rashtriya janata dal ticket or as an independent supported by them, has not binned the idea of taking up the varanasi challenge.
if he indeed becomes a candidate, varanasi will draw international attention as the bihari babu has the wherewithal and charisma to bring into focus modis failure to transform this ancient city into a modern kyoto-like centre.
so far, modi has been khamosh on the oppositions game plan.
health is wealthat least three senior bjp leaders, including the party chief, amit shah, had to be admitted in different hospitals after the completion of the partys national council meeting in delhi.
many in the bjp saw it as a bad omen ahead of the general elections.
however, the law minister, ravishankarprasad prasad, claimed the hospital visit proved to be good for him.
he said the biting cold winds in delhis ramlila ground had struck him and there was nothing else for him to worry about.
the aiims visit, he said, came as an opportunity to get vital tests done.
i must tell you that my heart is still young, prasad told reporters with his trademark laughter.
my kidney and other organs are also fine, he added.
now that should come as a relief to a party in which some veterans have been fighting poor health.
priyanka gandhi vadra with her mother sonia gandhi at an election campaign rally in raebareli in february 2012 pti file picturetheres a lot in a namethe nehru-gandhi family evokes disgruntlement and fear in the saffron family.
thus, fear was writ large on the faces of bjp leaders on the day the congress took everyone by surprise and announced the entry of priyanka gandhi in politics.
saffron party leaders got angry every time journalists asked them for their response to the priyanka gandhi issue.
say priyanka vadra, not gandhi.
she is robert vadras wife, they said sternly.
senior leaders, too, seldom used the surname gandhi while talking about priyankas appointment.
were they conscious of the legacy that she brings along as well as a persona that friendly journalists on television will find difficult to ignore despite the pressures from the powers that be?
too cold for comfortravi shankar prasad may not have made much about his health but the delhi bjp chief, manoj tiwari, found his head on the block for organizing the bjps national council meeting in the open at delhis ramlila ground.
a number of party leaders  ram lal and prasad were among them  took ill, unable to withstand the cold and the chill.
since then, tiwari has been on an apology tour trying to explain to anyone who is willing to listen that he should have had the wisdom to organize the event indoors.
tiwaris supporters feel that it is not fair to single out the bhojpuri actor because the decision had been vetted at the highest level.
perhaps they are more worried about their bosss political career being affected by a cold shoulder from the party high command because of the fiasco.
courtesy countsjyotiraditya scindias meeting with shivraj singh chouhan, the former chief minister of mp, set tongues wagging.
what added to the excitement was that the two leaders were meeting at a time when kamal nath, the cm, was away at davos.
aware of the speculation, scindia used his twitter handle to clear the air.
he explained that the meeting was a courtesy call.
apparently, the two had decided to catch up when they had met on the occasion of naths swearing-in.
at least some pledges are still honoured in indian politics.
hot seatspriyanka gandhis induction has been followed by a search for a chief for the up congress committee.
insiders say that the upcc may have two heads, one for the east and one for the west of the state.
the names of pl punia, pramod tiwari, sanjay singh and jitin prasada are doing the rounds for the post.
all eyes are now on priyanka who is likely to take a call on the matter.
delegates from across the world at the vibrant gujarat summit 2019 image source: @vibrantgujarat on twitterfootnotea number of participants at the vibrant gujarat summit were seen getting themselves photographed with virtual cut-outs of narendra modi.
print-out facilities, email and whatsapp  they came free of cost  were available so that the tech-savvy crowd could take their treasured possession.
the summit attracted numerous businessmen, save for anil ambani who was unwell.
(from left) nand kishore yadav, mangal pandey, ravishankarprasad prasad and sushil kumar modi in patna on saturday.
picture by deepak kumar patna, june 7: the vajpayee government was known for its national highways, the modi government would be known for its broadband highways, union minister for communications and it ravishankarprasad prasad said today.
taking note of senior bjp leaders, including sushil kumar modi, who requested prasad to do something big for the state in it and other sectors, prasad said: since parliament session is on, i cannot make any announcement today.
but i can say that bihar has immense potential for the development and growth of the it and broadband sector.
prasad said narendra modis election as the prime minister has sent a very positive message across the globe that a poor boy can also become the prime minister by sheer dint of hard labour and dedication.
it is the victory of democracy of india, prasad said emphatically.
politics of vansh, virasat aur vasiyat (dynasty, legacy and will) have been defeated by the politics of mehnat, lagan, nishtha aur sushashan (work, dedication, loyalty and good governance) in the general election, he said.
prasad, a renowned supreme court lawyer, was attending a function organised at the state bjp headquarters by workers and leaders to felicitate him after being made a union minister.
state party president mangal pandey, leader of opposition in the assembly nand kishore yadav, organisation secretary nagendra, pataliputra mp ram kripal yadav, mlcs sanjay mayukh, satyendra kushwaha, suraj nandan kushwaha, mlas arun kumar sinha and nitin navin, and media in-charge ashok bhatt, rakesh singh and others were present on the occasion.
replying to a query as to what would be the centres stand on providing special package or special status to bihar, prasad said: the central government would extend full co-operation in giving special package to eastern states.
modiji has already mentioned it in his (election) speeches.
we will discuss the issue.
modiji has also indicated that he would meet all the mps of all the states separately to know the problems and demands of the state.
in response to a query as to what was his permanent identity, prasad categorically stated that first he is a swayam sevak of rss, then a bjp worker and then a lawyer.
he added: nitish kumar and lalu prasad did everything to criticise modiji but the people of the state have given them a befitting reply by voting in favour of the bjp evident from the fact that nda won 31 out of 40 seats.
mangal pandey said the party has decided to organise a programme on june 13 at sk memorial hall to felicitate all five union ministers and 31 lok sabha mps from bihar.
minister visit dhanbad: union coal minister piyush goyal will visit dhanbad on tuesday to participate in vikas parv being celebrated across the country to mark the narendra modi government's two years in office.
preparations are going on in full swing at nehru complex for the programme, during which a two new power schemes will be launched.
sleaze rap ranchi: state women congress chief abha sinha has dismissed manjit anand as the jamshedpur (city) unit president for allegedly posting sleazy pictures on a whatsapp group on june 10.
appropriate action will be taken against manjit if she is found guilty.
if need be, a complaint will be lodged with the police's cyber cell too, sinha said.
fatal accident sahebganj: two constables of sahebganj thana were killed in a bike accident on monday.
the two were going to borio from sahebganj when their bike skidded off the road near jirwabadi thana area.
their names couldn't be ascertained.
one dead hazaribagh: one person was killed when a bus of btdc going to ranchi from patna met with an accident on monday.
manoj kumar (32), cleaner of the bus died on impact when the bus hit a trailer from behind near naya more in ramgarh district.
mishap simdega: a bus carrying 30 passengers turned turtle near gaura more in bano on monday after the driver lost control while trying to save an erring biker coming from the opposite direction.
there were no casualties.
some of the injured were rushed to local community health centre while others were taken to health centre in rourkela and manoharpur, informed locals.
kerosene drama jamshedpur: soaked in kerosene, one seema kumari (23) came to the bistupur office of ssp anoop t. mathew on monday, alleging someone in her landlords family tried to set her ablaze to oust her and her mother from a house in new ranikudar, kadma.
on probe, police dismissed her charges.
kadma oc shankar thakur said asi munni devi had seen seema dousing herself in kerosene.
apparently, seema and mother pushpa devi had stopped paying rent to landlord babulal singh and resorted to harassing him.
pratyusha ranchi: shibani singh, mother of rahul raj, who is accused of abetting the suicide of tv actress pratyusha banerjee, on monday replied to the charges slapped by her parents at state commission for women, jharkhand.
chairperson mahua maji said that since the case took place in mumbai, she would study the case properly before making her comments.
originally from jamshedpur, prayusha was found dead in her flat on april 1.
hockey ranchi: state players jonson ekka, albert dungdung, birsa odiya and nimesh kerketta have been selected for admissions to the upcoming hockey academy in new delhi under union ministry of sports.
mystery death jamshedpur: one nageswar tanti (45), who was admitted to tata main hospital after collapsing at sakchi on saturday, died on monday morning.
tanti was working at a construction site in sakchi when he collapsed.
the cause of his death is not known.
dc review jamshedpur: east singhbhum dc amitabh kaushal on monday held a meeting with senior officials of city unit of bsnl and post and telegraph over the scheduled visit of union minister for communication and information technology ravishankarprasad prasad in jamshedpur on june 17 at michael john auditorium.
the minister will also attend a meeting of bjp workers on june 18 at rabindra bhavan.
water project jamshedpur: east singhbhum dc amitabh kaushal on monday got a draft proposal from tata steel for their consent to operate and maintain the moharda drinking water project.
theft at argora ornaments and electronic goods worth rs 1 lakh and rs 20,000 cash were reported stolen from a house at harmu housing colony in argora police station area on monday.
owner santosh kumar vyas, a sanitary item dealer, had gone to his native village in hazaribag when the incident took place.
he had left at 7.
30am on june 11 and came to know about the theft when he returned on monday morning.
an fir was registered in this connection following which a forensic team was pressed into service.
health meet noted gynaecologist from italy dr maurigio norido, who was the key speaker at a continuing medical education (cme) programme on polycystic ovarian syndrome (pcos), said it affected 15 per cent of the young girls causing menstrual disturbances, infertility, acne and signs of hyperandrogenism.
the cme was organised by ranchi obstetrics and gynaecological society (rogs) on monday.
human chain evacuated main road vendors on monday formed a human chain at albert ekka chowk in ranchi protesting against district administration for not giving them dedicated vending zones resulting into loss of their business.
alternative vending zones were identified by rmc but till date they haven't been rehabilitated.
admission ranchi women's college will start distribution of admission forms for ba, b.sc and b.com for the session 2016-19 from june 20 at its science block from 9.
30am to 2.
30pm.
the cost of the form is rs 400 each.
j.p. yadavprime minister narendra modi and bjp president amit shah at the bjp election committee meeting at their headquarters in new delhi on sunday.
(pti)new delhi: the bjp on sunday scrambled to combat its growing image as anti-dalit, fielding two senior ministers who reaffirmed the party's commitment to reservation and listed steps the government had taken in the community's interests.
the move comes after four dalit mps of the party publicly accused the government of neglecting their community, one of them writing to prime minister narendra modi to air his grievances.
law minister ravishankarprasad prasad and social justice minister thaawar chand gehlot, a dalit himself, were accompanied by a couple of other scheduled caste bjp politicians at a news conference where they tried to paint their party as pro-dalit.
gehlot began by saying he had been in the sangh parivar since 1962 and could say from experience that the bjp is the most dalit-friendly party.
all our leaders from atal bihari vajpayee to narendra modi to our party chief amit shah have made it clear that the bjp favours reservation and is committed to protecting it, he added.
prasad said reservations were a legacy of the country.
what kind of charge is this that the government wants to end reservation?
this is an effort to divide the country for petty political gain, he said.
there will never be any compromise on reservation.
it will never be scrapped.
earlier on sunday, udit raj, a bjp parliamentarian from delhi, had alleged that dalit activists were being tortured and framed in false cases in bjp-ruled states since the april 2 bharat bandh against the apex court's dilution of the sc/st atrocities act.
yashwant singh, an uttar pradesh mp from the bjp, has written to modi saying the government has in the past four years done nothing that directly benefits the 30 crore dalits of the country.
gehlot and prasad listed the measures the government had taken to show respect to dalits and babasaheb ambedkar, the architect of the constitution.
prasad said the modi government had strengthened the sc/st atrocities act - through an amendment widening the range of acts that count as atrocities - and introduced the bhim app for digital transactions.
(the bill made permanent the provisions of a upa ordinance that had lapsed.
)gehlot cited how the government had taken out a tableau on ambedkar on republic day, begun celebrating november 26 as constitution day, celebrated ambedkar's 125th anniversary with fanfare in india and abroad, and turned sites linked to ambedkar into pilgrimage spots.
the congress is trying to show its love for ambedkar.
i want to ask one simple question: ambedkar died in 1956 but the bharat ratna was bestowed on him only in 1989.
why?
prasad said.
reminded about dalit bjp lawmakers accusing the government of not doing anything for the community, prasad appeared defensive.
we'll talk to the mps, try to address their grievances and bring them on board, he said.
dhonisakshinew delhi, march 29 (pti): the agency that enrolled m.s. dhoni for aadhaar has been blacklisted for 10 years for sharing his details publicly.
the crackdown by the unique identification authority of india (uidai), which issues the aadhaar cards, came after dhoni's wife sakshi complained to law and it minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
the uidai has also ordered an inquiry to determine possible involvement of others and warned of action under the aadhaar act.
we have blacklisted vle (village level entrepreneur), who enrolled m.s. dhoni for leaking (his) aadhaar receipt which carried his personal information.
at the uidai, we are very strict on the privacy issue.
we have ordered a further inquiry and action will be taken against all those involved in the leak, uidai ceo ajay bhushan pandey said.
he added that action would be taken even against those involved in tweeting a picture of the receipt through the official twitter account of the state-run csc e-governance services (cscegov).
prasad, the it minister, had promised sakshi swift action.
june 14: bengal bjp chief dilip ghosh today announced in calcutta that the party would hold its two-day state committee meeting in siliguri from june 17 with an aim to strengthen the organisation in north bengal.
the two-day closed door session will be organised at uttarbanga marwari bhavan on sevoke road in siliguri.
we have chosen siliguri as the venue of the state committee conference with the sole objective of consolidating our organisation in north bengal, ghosh said.
according to him, senior central bjp leaders, including the minder for bengal, kailash vijaywargiya and the co-minder, sidhartha nath singh, will attend the session.
a bjp source said union ministers like ravishankarprasad prasad and smriti irani were also likely to take part in the conference.
we have won two assembly seats in north bengal for the first time.
so, north bengal is important for us at this juncture as we will have to prepare ourselves for the panchayat polls slated for 2018 and the lok sabha elections in 2019, the source said.
besides, we lost a couple of seats by narrow margins.
as a whole, our votes have increased in north bengal, which proves that the bjp's support base is being cemented in the region, the source added.
while manoj tigga won the madarihat assembly seat in alipurduar district by a margin of 22,038 votes, trouncing padam lama of trinamul, another bjp leader, swadhin kumar sarkar, defeated azizul haque of the congress in baishnabnagar in malda by a margin of 4,497 votes.
added to the two seats, the gorkha janmukti morcha - an ally of the bjp - won all three hill constituencies in darjeeling district.
in 2014, the bjp had bagged the darjeeling parliament seat.
ghosh, who won the kharagpur seat defeating congress veteran gyan singh sohan pal, said he and other senior leaders would keep visiting north bengal to oversee the organisational activities.
our strategy is to reach out to people across north bengal by launching people's movements round the year, a state bjp vice-president said.
as part of a plan to revamp the party, the leadership has brought in praveen agarwal as the new president of siliguri (organisational) district of the bjp.
he has replaced arun prasad sarkar, the former district president.
bjp sources said sarkar was removed after reports from the district said he was not very active in organisational activities.
however, we shall use his experience in expanding the organisation in siliguri, a bjp general secretary said.
shillong, nov.
16: altogether 8,621 villages in the northeast out of 9,190 unconnected ones will be provided mobile connections under a central plan to bridge the connectivity gap and improve rural telecom infrastructure of the region.
the project will also provide seamless connectivity to national highways through 321 mobile towers.
according to the reply by union communications and it minister ravishankarprasad prasad recently to tura mp p.a. sangmas letter, more than 900 villages in west, east and south garo hills districts of meghalaya are proposed to be covered under the comprehensive telecom development plan for the northeast.
the centre is committed to providing mobile connectivity in rural and remote areas of the country.
to bridge the connectivity gap and improve telecom infrastructure, a comprehensive telecom development plan for the northeast has been approved by the government, prasad said.
the villages of garo hills will be covered by 2g mobile connections under the plan, he added.
garo hills is an example of the low mobile connectivity being experienced in the region.
there are hundreds of areas in the northeast, which are yet to experience the telecom revolution in a befitting way.
sangma, in his letter to prasad, said the northeast requires special attention not only because of existing poor connectivity in the region but also because of the sensitivity of the region, as 98 per cent of the northeastern states borders are shared with other countries.
while referring to various villages in garo hills, which do not have any form of mobile connectivity yet, but have sufficient population to make connectivity viable, sangma said, there are some areas along the border with bangladesh where people are using mobile networks available from bangladesh due to unavailability of any indian service provider.
sangma said using bangladesh mobile networks was not only inconvenient for the people in view of the high cost they have to incur, but also unsafe in terms of people, including bsf jawans manning the border.
on september 10, the union cabinet had approved the telecom plan for the northeast, which entails an estimated expenditure of rs 5,336.
18 crore, to be funded from the universal service obligation fund (usof).
the usof would fund capital expenditure (capex) and operational expenditure (opex) of net revenue for a period of five years.
the project also seeks to increase the connection reliability of the district and state headquarters across the region by providing alternative optical fibre connectivity.
this will ensure that notwithstanding any problem in one route, the voice and data transfer through other routes will keep the district and state headquarters connected.
the project is aimed at covering the uncovered villages in the northeast and to maintain seamless connectivity on national highways in the region.
at present, there are 43,200 villages in the northeast.
of this, 8,621 villages (20 per cent) of the unconnected 9,190 villages will be covered through 6,673 towers.
the indian telecom network is the second largest in the world after china.
as on march this year, the country has 933.
02 million telephone connections, including 904.
52 million wireless telephone connections, with an overall teledensity of 75.
23 per cent.
while the urban teledensity is an impressive 145.
46 per cent, the rural teledensity is a mere 44.
01 per cent.
our bureaunew delhi: the aadhaar issuer, which had lodged a police complaint against the tribune newspaper and its reporter rachna khaira for a report on the sale of aadhaar data, appeared to backtrack on monday after a tweet by its minister.
on january 4, the newspaper had published a report saying racketeers were selling access to aadhaar data for rs 500, which would enable buyers to open fake bank accounts or get mobile connections issued in someone else's name.
in a complaint to delhi police's crime branch the following day, the unique identification authority of india accused the newspaper, reporter and three alleged racketeers named in the report of impersonation, cheating, forgery and violation of the aadhaar act and the it act.
the police converted the complaint into an fir the same day but named only unknown people as accused.
when the move came to light on sunday, it triggered an avalanche of condemnation from the editors guild and several other journalists' associations, which alleged an attack on media freedom.
police sources clarified on sunday night that those named in the complaint were not being seen as accused but would be questioned.
on monday, ravishankarprasad prasad, who heads the electronics and it ministry to which the uidai is attached, tweeted: govt is fully committed to freedom of press as well as to maintaining security & sanctity of #aadhaar for india's development.
fir is against unknown.
i've suggested @uidai to request tribune & its journalist to give all assistance to police in investigating real offenders.
soon, the uidai posted a tweet that suggested it no longer considered the newspaper or the reporter, whom it had accused of several crimes, the real culprits.
uidai is committed to the freedom of press.
we're going to write to @thetribunechd & @rachnakhaira to give all assistance to investigate to nab the real culprits.
we also appreciate if tribune & its journalist have any constructive suggestion to offer, the tweet said.
the tribune editor-in-chief harish khare on monday released the reply sent to a questionnaire the uidai had issued to the newspaper on january 6.
we were so concerned with the sensitivity and importance of the matter that we disclosed our sources in the news item(s) itself so as to enable the authorities to look into the concerns immediately.
however, your communication, asking either to send response to your queries or you would presume that there was no access to any fingerprints and/or iris scan, indicates that the matter is not being dealt with seriously, the reply says.
khaira's news report had mentioned access to aadhaar data such as names, addresses, phone numbers and email addresses but not biometric details.
it is reiterated that complete facts have already been given in the news reports published by the tribune.
we feel sorry that the authorities are unable to appreciate that a breach has taken place, the newspaper's reply said.
congress spokesperson manish tewari asked the centre to withdraw the fir and said: this is time for all progressive and right-thinking citizens to stand united against this government, which has created an atmosphere of intimidation and fear.
he added: the creative community sensed this crisis as early as 2014 and launched a protest, popularly known as 'award wapsi', but the government has continued systematic coercion of the media which has dared to report the truth.
new delhi, july 29: shahnawaz hussains id lunch and an open house at najma heptullahs residence were the only interludes some of narendra modis ministers allowed themselves on a working holiday today.
the prime minister skipped even that and wished hussain, a bjp spokesperson, and heptullah, the minorities affairs minister, over the phone.
although id is a central government holiday, modi summoned senior ministers arun jaitley and sushma swaraj to his office to discuss his forthcoming us visit and secretary of state john kerrys trip to india beginning tomorrow.
m.
venkaiah naidu, the urban development minister, concluded a two-day brainstorming session on a concept paper related to modis plan for 100 smart cities.
law and justice minister ravishankarprasad prasad said he would be in office.
an aide of home minister rajnath singh said his boss would work out of home.
barring modi, the others  jaitley, rajnath, prasad, naidu and environment minister prakash javadekar among them  made it a point to attend the lunch hosted by hussain.
the bihar leader was carrying on a legacy.
as minister in the atal bihari vajpayee regime, he had been asked by the then prime minister to hold the governments official iftars.
but hussain continued hosting the id events even after the bjp was voted out in 2004.
hussains iftars were a big draw for the opposition.
indeed, upa leaders manmohan singh, sharad pawar and lalu prasad rarely missed the party.
sources attributed the eclectic representation largely to hussains genial personality and partly to the fact that he was then among a handful of bjp muslim mps.
this ramazan is the first time hussain did not have an official iftar.
a signal from the top?
modi, too, did not host one.
a source close to hussain claimed he was preoccupied with the forthcoming bihar bypolls and opted for a low-key luncheon instead on id.
some of hussains guests, like jaitley, had back-to-back treats.
the finance and defence minister later headed to najmas home where she laid out a spread of chaats.
meat kebabs and korma, usually served on id, were missing from najmas table.
food seemed far from the mind of modi, whose other engagements included a meeting with mitsubishi ceo kew kobayashi and an address at the indian council of agricultural research.
bhubaneswar, oct.
30: the odisha government today urged prime minister narendra modi for an early approval of the establishment of an information technology investment region (itir) in the state.
in a letter, chief minister naveen patnaik said the operationalisation of this project will contribute to the make in india and digital india initiatives by the union government, stating that in both these programmes, the information technology (it), it-enabled service (ites) and the electronics system designing and manufacturing (esdm) were the major thrust areas.
on april 13, 2010, the odisha government had submitted a detailed project report to the union department of electronics and information technology (deity) to set up an itir in bhubaneswar.
the report was cleared by a high-power committee under the cabinet secretary and all necessary clarifications regarding the project have already been sent to deity.
but, the matter is still pending at the central government level, said the chief minister.
the proposed project with a cost of rs 3,700 crore will come up in 10,210 acres with a processing area of 4,300 acres to house it/ites/electronics hardware manufacturing and r&d centres.
it is likely to generate over two lakh job opportunities in the it, ites and esdm sectors, official sources said.
out of the total project cost of rs 3,700 crore, the centre is supposed to give rs 1,750 crore.
the odisha government, on its part, will provide the required infrastructure.
it has identified land for the project between bhubaneswar and khurda and committed to bear rs 350 crore to be spent on power transformer infrastructure required for the project.
the project has been proposed to be set up in the region near infocity-ii being developed by the odisha government on the city outskirts.
in january, the odisha government sent the clarifications sought by the centre.
in july, state it minister pranab prakash das had written to union minister for communications and it ravishankarprasad prasad, urging for early approval of the project.
but, the response is awaited, said an official of the state it department.
the centre has recently accorded in principle approval to set up an electronics manufacturing cluster and rs 96.
96-crore grant has been sanctioned for the cluster, which will be developed in 215.
76 acres.
union law and justice minister ravishankarprasad prasad asked kya hai police commissioner mein (what's so special about the police commissioner) at a news conference.
telegraph file photothe bjp government on a damage-control bid asked why bengal chief minister mamata banerjee was trying to protect calcutta police commissioner rajeev kumar by sitting on dharna because the cbi wanted to question him regarding the saradha scam.
union law and justice minister ravishankarprasad prasad asked kya hai police commissioner mein (what's so special about the police commissioner) at a news conference.
minutes before, he said the razdaar (the keeper of secrets) knows something.
prasad also reminded the assembled journalists that congress and left leaders had filed the case in supreme court seeking a probe into the saradha deposit-default scam.
the matter has snowballed when the cbi's credibility as the main domestic probe agency is low because of the messy changes at the top recently.
prasad is not the only bjp leader and minister who spoke out on the saradha scam.
union home minister rajnath singh earlier in the day warned of a constitutional breakdown in bengal in the wake of the calcutta police-cbi face-off.
in the lok sabha, singh said the move to stop the central investigating agency from performing its duty was unprecedented.
an all-out war broke out between the centre and the mamata banerjee government on sunday over the cbi's attempt to question the calcutta police commissioner.
rajnath described the action against the cbi team - the central probe agency's officers were allegedly detained at a police station in calcutta - as a threat to the federal political system of the country.
there may be constitutional breakdown in west bengal.
.
.
.
under the constitution, the central government has been vested with the power to maintain normalcy in any part of the country, he said.
earlier, opposition parties in the lok sabha attacked the government over the alleged misuse of central agencies against political rivals, saying it flouted democratic norms.
members of the trinamul congress, the biju janata dal, ncp and the samajwadi party spoke against the cbi move to question the calcutta police chief.
the supreme court on monday agreed to give an urgent hearing to the cbi's plea alleging destruction of electronic evidence related to the saradha scam case by the calcutta police commissioner and said it will come down heavily on him if he even remotely tries to destroy evidence.
the apex court said it will hear on tuesday the probe agency's applications which alleged that an extraordinary situation has arisen in which the top police officers of bengal police are sitting on a dharna along with a political party in calcutta.
roshan kumarmoin-ul-haq stadiumpatna: the state government will help the bihar cricket association (bca) renovate moin-ul-haq stadium in the city.
with the recent supreme court directive to the board of control for cricket in india (bcci) to allow bihar to play ranji trophy and other domestic cricket tournaments, the state government has decided to sign a memorandum of understanding (mou) with the bca to spruce-up bihar's oldest stadium, deputy chief minister sushil kumar modi said on tuesday on the sidelines of the four-day bihar eklavya sports tournament at patliputra sports complex.
built in 1969m moin-ul-haq stadium has been languishing due to lack of maintenance.
it has hosted only two international matches, the last being the kenya-zimbabwe world cup match in february 1996.
after the apex court order, the state's warring cricket associations have also decided to bury the hatchet.
the cricket association of bihar (cab) led by aditya verma, which once charged the bca with misappropriation of rs 50 lakh given by the bcci for development of cricket in the state, is ready to work with the bca.
for the development of cricket and promotion of the game in the state, i am ready to work with the bca so that players of the state get an opportunity to play ranji matches and other domestic cricket tournaments, verma said on tuesday.
he said he will urge bca general secretary ravishankarprasad prasad singh to talk to the bcci for starting cricket tournaments in the state.
the cab, which has associations in all 38 districts of bihar and organises tournaments at regular intervals across the state, has promised to to extend full support to the bca and plans to meet chief minister nitish kumar to urge him to provide funds for the promotion of cricket in the state.
the bca too has decided to start selection trials of players.
from january 21 to 29, the bca will host an under-23 zonal cricket tournament in which teams from bihar and the north-east states will participate.
from february, the bca will also organise inter-district tournaments.
our bureaumodinew delhi: rajya sabha chairman m. venkaiah naidu on tuesday asked the government to reach out to the opposition to end the impasse in the house over prime minister narendra modi's insinuation against manmohan singh while campaigning in gujarat last week.
i suggested to the parliamentary affairs minister, 'you talk to the leader of the house, shri arun jaitley, and the leader of the opposition and other senior leaders also and find a way out to end this impasse', naidu told the upper house.
the intervention from the chair came after congress protests over modi's comments washed out two days of proceedings.
no business could be transacted on friday and monday.
while addressing a rally in gujarat on december 10, modi had insinuated that singh, former vice-president hamid ansari, a former general and several retired diplomats had conspired with some pakistanis to install congress veteran ahmed patel as chief minister.
the congress has been agitating in both houses over modi's remarks, demanding that the prime minister explain his comment on the floor of parliament.
party veteran ghulam nabi azad, the leader of the opposition in the upper house, brought up the matter.
is the former prime minister of india not loyal to his country?
that is a big question.
is the former vice-president of india not loyal to his country?
that is a big question, he said.
if the accusation against singh and the others was true, azad said, action should be taken against them.
naidu tried to pacify the members.
many things are said this way or that way.
even the prime minister's name was taken.
so, my point is, drsinghmanmohan singh is the most respected person.
there is no doubt about it, naidu said.
then i have also received a note of what exactly has been said.
i have also received a note from others where the prime minister was called names by certain people.
following naidu's intervention, jaitley and parliamentary affairs minister ananth kumar convened a meeting with opposition leaders where the finance minister offered to meet azad and other congress leaders separately to work a way out of the impasse.
after the meeting with the congress leaders, jaitley is said to have agreed to discuss the matter with the prime minister and revert to the opposition.
we are waiting to see how the prime minister responds to our justifiable demand, congress leader anand sharma said.
we respect the office of the prime minister, sharma said, asked if the congress would insist on an apology, considering that jaitley and colleague ravishankarprasad prasad had last week ruled out the possibility after singh had demanded one.
the prime minister's stature will not be diminished if he clarifies and expresses regret in the house because dr singh is also a member of the house.
sharma was non-committal on whether the congress would insist on a house resolution, saying this was a call that would be taken in consultation with the opposition.
a house resolution committing members to maintaining civility in political discourse is a possibility, given that the chairman himself brought up the issue of comments against the prime minister.
shatrughan sinha and wife poonam inaugurate the bjp central office at kankerbagh in patna on tuesday.
picture by ranjeet kumar dey patna, april 1: bjps sitting mp and actor shatrughan sinha sought peace with his detractors within the party who had attempted to pack him off to delhi.
there is nothing wrong with anyone in my party wanting to contest from patna sahib.
they are also my brothers, my own people.
i feel honoured by the fact that the party wanted me to contest from delhi stressing that it would have a positive impact on other adjoining seats.
but i chose patna sahib because this is my home state, said the actor.
he added: this is the place where people affectionately call me bihari babu.
once the central leadership announces the name, there is no controversy or difference remaining within the party ranks.
sinhas first tenure as mp of patna sahib was marked by criticism because of his inaccessibility to the voters.
sinha, however, denied the charge.
the time i spend in patna could be gauged from (my presence) in functions and the speeches that i have made here.
i come to patna at least four times a month.
if a few people feel that i am not available, i want to tell them that even god is not available all the time, he said.
check the record from my office or airport on how many times i come to patna.
.
.
i come here almost four times in a month, sinha said, adding: jeena yahan marna yahan, iske siva jana kahan (i have to live and die here).
sinha and his wife poonam inaugurated the election offices of the party at kankerbagh and boring road on tuesday.
the nomination of the actor was initially left undecided by the central parliamentary board of the bjp, as it was reported that many senior leaders such as former deputy chief minister sushil kumar modi and ravishankarprasad prasad were keen to contest from patna sahib  considered the safest seat for the bjp.
even as attempts were made to persuade him to contest from new delhi, sinha put his foot down insisting that patna sahib was his first and last choice.
the actor was ultimately re-nominated from the seat.
he said he found greater enthusiasm towards the bjp among voters in 2009 when he won by a huge margin.
security personnel at delhi airport where shiv sena mp ravindra gaikwad was to arrive to catch a flight on friday.
(pti) new delhi, march 24: delhi police tonight booked shiv sena mp ravindra gaikwad on the charge of attempting to commit culpable homicide, a day after he was accused of repeatedly hitting a 60-year-old air india official with a sandal.
major airlines today banned the maharashtra-based mp from their flights, scuttling his plans to fly back to pune this evening.
at night, he caught a rajdhani train to mumbai.
now railway employees have reason to feel scared, a bjp politician quipped.
gaikwad, who has admitted to the attack but remains unrepentant, told reporters he had watched the bollywood film badrinath ki dulhaniya last night to relax.
tension-free hona chahiye na - do watch the movie yourselves; it's very good, he told reporters this morning.
gaikwad had refused to get off the plane after his pune-delhi flight landed here yesterday, complaining about being denied business-class travel after he had himself insisted on boarding an all-economy flight.
when duty manager sukumar tried to persuade him to disembark, he allegedly slapped him, tore his shirt, broke his spectacles and, by his own admission, hit him 25 times with his sandal.
police said a case had been registered under penal code sections 308 (attempt to commit culpable homicide) and 355 (assault or criminal force with intent to dishonour person).
section 308 relates to any act with such intention or knowledge and under such circumstances that, if he by that act caused death, he would be guilty of culpable homicide not amounting to murder.
the highest sentence for this is seven years, while that under section 355 is two years.
we have transferred the case to the crime branch for a detailed probe, police spokesperson dependra pathak said.
gaikwad is also accused of delaying his flight's onward journey to goa by at least 40 minutes by refusing to leave the plane in delhi.
gaikwad has lodged a police complaint alleging air india made him travel economy class even though he had a business-class ticket, and that he was yelled at and pushed.
air india says the mp had an open ticket that allowed him to fly business class on any date, but he insisted on taking the 7.
35am all-economy flight.
gaikwad today said he would not apologise to sukumar, and blamed the official for the incident.
what's there to repent?
i won't apologise.
he (sukumar) should come and apologise, then we'll see.
a 60-year-old man should know how to behave, he told reporters.
asked whether he hadn't brought shame to parliament, he said he had made the house proud.
lok sabha speaker sumitra mahajan said she could not take suo motu action but would take a call if the matter was brought to her notice in the house.
civil aviation minister ashok gajapathi raju said action would be taken against the mp.
i too am an mp.
we are not above the law, he told reporters.
law minister ravishankarprasad prasad condemned gaikwad's actions and tweeted that the country expects dignified behaviour from all of us.
sukumar said gaikwad must be punished so that no one took it as their birthright to assault people.
our legal correspondentravi shankar prasad in new delhi on thursday.
(pti)new delhi: union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad on thursday cited two constitution bench decisions from the 1990s to defend the government's decision to refer back to the collegium its recommendation to elevate justice k.m. joseph to the supreme court.
prasad said that these judgments of 1993 and 1998 had held that inter se seniority among judges in their high court and their combined seniority of all-india basis is of admitted significance in the matter of future prospects.
in its letter to the chief justice seeking reconsideration of justice joseph's candidature, the government had said that 41 high court judges, including 11 chief justices, were senior to justice joseph.
prasad told reporters at an informal meeting that the congress had no moral right to criticise the government because of the way it had compromised the dignity of the judiciary in the most deplorable manner during the emergency and in the run-up to it.
the whole record of the congress party is littered with repeated instances of compromising the dignity of the judiciary in the most deplorable manner by seeking to supersede honourable judges as chief justices who were found to be inconvenient, he said.
prasad referred to the way independent-minded judges like justices k.s. hegde, j.m. shelat and a.n. grover were superseded during indira gandhi's rule.
the great, legendry justice h.r. khanna, who showed supreme courage.
.
.
by holding that the freedom of speech could not be curtailed even during the emergency was also superseded, he said.
why was the emergency imposed by the congress government?
because allahabad high court had annulled the election of indira gandhi, prasad said.
the congress should stop talking about the independence of the judiciary.
your (congress's) record is known.
the way politics was done about the unfortunate death of judge (b.h.) loya, based on half-baked (sic) truths, is known.
prasad said the narendra modi government's record needed to be conveyed to the people.
this government is led by prime minister shri narendra modi, home minister rajnath singh, finance minister arun jaitley, external affairs minister sushma swaraj, ravishankarprasad prasad and many others who fought the emergency for three freedoms - individual, media and independence of the judiciary, he said.
therefore, our commitment to the cause of the judiciary is complete and total because we have fought and suffered for the dignity and independence of the judiciary.
that is our record.
he added: we have sought reconsideration (of justice joseph's elevation) in a manner laid down in supreme court judgments.
beyond that i have nothing to say.
prasad declined to take questions.
(from left) nand kishore yadav, ravishankarprasad prasad and cp thakur in patna on saturday.
picture by ashok sinha patna, july 28: deputy leader of the opposition in the rajya sabha ravishankarprasad prasad today questioned prime minister manmohan singhs accountability to assam, which he represents in the upper house.
describing the ongoing ethnic clashes in assam as regrettable and condemnable, the bjp general secretary and the partys chief spokesperson said: the prime minister is in assam today.
i want to know if singh owes any accountability towards the state that has elected him to the rajya sabha for 22 years.
prasad said: the history of conflicts between the bodos and the bangladeshi infiltrators is old.
but the question is what the centre and the state government have done so far to stop the ongoing violence, except passing the buck on to each other.
he added: sixty people have been killed and more than three lakh have been rendered homeless.
this not only shows assam chief minister tarun gogois irresponsible behaviour but also establishes his indifference to the plight of the innocent people.
holding the centre equally responsible for its indifference towards tackling the incident, prasad said it was the centres task to deploy security forces in the affected areas.
on whether rahul gandhi should be made the congresss leader in the lok sabha or not, prasad said: it is up to the congress to decide as to what it wants to do with rahul gandhi.
but i would like to offer a suggestion.
there is still two years left for the upa to complete its second innings.
make rahul gandhi the prime minister and let him prove his capabilities.
the mp said he would raise in the house the issue of granting coal linkage to bihar and the centres double standard towards the state.
prasad was felicitated by bjp workers and other leaders at the partys state headquarters today for being made the deputy leader of opposition in the rajya sabha.
bjp state president c.p. thakur, road construction minister nand kishore yadav and the partys deputy chief whip in the assembly arun kumar sinha were present on the occasion among others.
our bureausmoke billows out of burning cars in muzaffarnagar during the bharat bandh on monday.
(pti)new delhi: nine people were killed and many injured across several states on monday as a bharat bandh against the dilution of the sc/st (prevention of atrocities) act turned violent, with dalits' pent-up anger erupting over the frequent attacks on their community.
during the day the centre moved a long-awaited review petition against a march 20 supreme court judgment that had abolished automatic arrests and case registration under the act, citing the need to prevent victimisation through false cases.
but news of the review plea did little to assuage the protesters, who blocked trains, clashed with police and torched vehicles in swathes from gujarat to odisha.
the protesters see the review petition as too little too late, and now want an ordinance to reverse the dilution'' of the law.
six of the deaths occurred in madhya pradesh, the state with the highest crime rate against dalits, two in uttar pradesh and one in rajasthan.
while the bandh call came from dalit bodies, several political parties including the congress, bahujan samaj party, rjd and the aap had extended support.
they were quick to condemn the violence and blame the government for the flare-up.
had they filed a review petition in time, we would not have witnessed a bharat bandh, congress veteran ghulam nabi azad said.
the government had declared its intent to move a review plea on thursday, nine days after the judgment, and without any clarity on the date.
it was only on sunday that law minister ravishankarprasad prasad tweeted it would be filed the following day.
social justice minister thaawar chand gehlot told reporters he had taken up the subject of a review petition with the party and government leaderships but the decision-makers delayed the process.
the narendra modi government has tended to maintain silence on contentious issues; this time it did so in the face of a clamour from its own dalit mps and allies for a review petition.
asked if the government had provided any inkling of its strategy when they met modi on march 28, bjp parliamentarian and dalit activist udit raj told the telegraph: no clear signal was given at the meeting; we were just told that it was being examined.
raj said the apex court ruling had just been a trigger, coming on top of the attempts to dilute quota implementations, reduction of jobs in favour of more contractual work, and the attacks on dalits for not just skinning cattle but also riding a horse or wearing a moustache.
as a constituency voting for it since 2014 exploded in anger, the centre found its voice on monday evening with home minister rajnath singh and others tweeting the government's commitment to the socially disadvantaged.
the rss issued a statement condemning the violence and endorsing the review petition.
the centre has rushed anti-riot police to uttar pradesh, madhya pradesh and punjab.
curfew was imposed in morena, gwalior and bhind in madhya pradesh after a student leader died in police firing.
r. balajikm josephnew delhi: speculation rippled through the bar on wednesday over reports that the nda government had returned to the supreme court collegium the files recommending the elevation of uttarakhand high court chief justice k.m. joseph and senior advocate indu malhotra as judges of the apex court.
but sources in the union law ministry denied that the files were sent back to the collegium for reconsideration.
judicial sources also said they were not aware of such a move by the government.
in spite of repeated efforts by this paper, union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad and minister of state for law p.p. chaudhary could not be reached for comment.
the collegium had made the recommendations on january 11 and the official files from chief justice of india dipak misra's office had reached the union law ministry only on january 22.
the five-member collegium of chief justice misra, justices j. chelameshar, ranjan gogoi, madan b. lokur and kurian joseph had unanimously resolved on january 11 to recommend the two names for elevation.
indu malhotraon the very next day the four senior judges stunned the nation by holding an unprecedented media conference to complain that the chief justice was allocating important cases to a select few judges of his choice and ignoring the others who are senior to them in terms of experience.
as convention goes, the decision of the collegium is binding on the government.
but since 2014 after it came to power, the nda government had refrained from clearing the names of over 100 judges for various high courts, raising questions over their eligibility or suitability.
a strong undercurrent of friction is at play between the central government and the judiciary after the latter in october 2016 struck down as unconstitutional the national judicial appointments commission (njac).
the commission was sought to be set up by parliament to replace the present collegium system of appointments.
under the collegium system, the five senior-most judges of the supreme court decide on the transfer and appointment of judges to the high courts and the supreme court.
justice k.m. joseph was earlier transferred by the collegium from uttarakhand high court to andhra pradesh high court in may 2016 on health grounds.
however, the nda government did not clear his transfer till january 11, this year - the day on which the collegium made a fresh recommendation, this time elevating him to supreme court.
prime minister narendra modi, addressing his last rally in bihar for this lok sabha election, on wednesday harped on his connection with lord krishna in what was seen as an effort to woo yadav voters.
people belonging to the yadav caste believe they are descendants of lord krishna.
i have a strong connection with the yaduvanshis as i come from gujarat, where dwarka is situated.
the community worships lord krishna and knows how to play the flute and when and where to strike with the sudarshan chakra, he said.
modis outreach  at paliganj, around 45km southwest of patna  was accompanied by an assault on the family  read party  that is believed to have the yadav votes in its pocket.
without taking the name of lalu prasad or any family members of the rashtriya janata dal (rjd) chief, modi said: they cheated the caste which gave them post and fame.
they did nothing for their caste men and when it came to giving important roles they didnt select anyone from their caste and opted for family members.
modi, accompanied by bihar chief minister nitish kumar and lok janshakti party chief ram vilas paswan, was canvassing for bjp candidate ram kripal yadav from the pataliputra constituency, patna sahib candidate ravishankarprasad prasad and chandeshwar chandravanshi, thejanata dal united candidate from jehanabad.
pataliputra has a sizeable number of yadav voters.
ram kripal was earlier with the rjd and had joined the bjp just ahead of the 2014 general elections after lalu prasad had turned down his request for a ticket from the seat.
ram kripal had beaten lalus eldest daughter, misa bharti.
this years battle is a replay of that contest, and lalus family members including wife rabri devi are campaigning intensively for misa.
the naamdaar (famous name or surname) family of the congress and the corrupt family from this place have acquired assets worth hundreds of crores.
after grabbing hundreds of acres of land they have got cut-off from land.
for them, poverty is just a word and they dont know the real meaning of the word, modi said.
the prime minister highlighted the 10 per cent reservation for economically weaker sections among the general category in what was seen as an effort to woo upper caste voters, who make up a sizeable chunk in patna sahib and jehanabad.
this is my last election rally in bihar, modi said at his 10th rally in the state in this election, and promised a vikaas ki ganga (flood of development) in his next tenure.
he accused the opposition of being soft on terrorism, and insisted that sam pitrodas hua toh hua remark reflected the congresss arrogance with regard to the complicity of its leaders in the 1984 anti-sikh riots.
in an apparent bid to woo the nishad (fishermen) community, whose cause the fledgling vikassheel insaan party claims to champion, modi said that in his next tenure he would unveil plans to ensure fishermen from bihar sell fish outside the state.
j.p. yadavnew delhi: the bjp on monday fielded law minister ravishankarprasad prasad to attack rahul gandhi at a media conference that appeared to have been timed to coincide with the congress vice-president's gandhinagar rally, once again betraying the ruling party's sense of unease in election-bound gujarat.
i am constrained to declare that the congress has become ' dramebaaz party number one'.
.
.
rahul gandhi should do his homework.
he should realise that indian politics is a serious business, prasad said, appearing to play down backward leader alpesh thakore's formal entry into the congress.
it was the latest in a series of attacks that senior ministers in the narendra modi government have launched on rahul, who has been drawing impressive crowds in the prime minister's home state ahead of assembly polls later this year, and ran contrary to the bjp's earlier claims that the congress leader didn't deserve its attention.
prasad's media conference came on a day alpesh joined the congress at rahul's rally as part of the opposition party's strategy to take on the long-ruling bjp.
prasad had returned late last night from an official assignment in the bahamas and the us and bjp leaders acknowledged off the record that the media conference was timed to counter the live coverage of rahul's rally on news channels and on social media platforms.
prasad claimed alpesh had in the past unsuccessfully contested panchayat elections on a congress ticket and that his father was a district president of the party.
rahul is claiming that a big leader (alpesh) has joined the congress.
but when did he (alpesh) leave the congress?
prasad said.
the ekta manch, a platform launched by alpesh to fight for the rights of the obcs, scheduled castes and the scheduled tribes, is championing causes that affect around 70 per cent of gujarat's voters.
prasad said rahul's efforts to team up with alpesh, patidar agitation spearhead hardik patel and jignesh mevani, who led a campaign after atrocities on dalits in the western state, would fail in gujarat and cited past alliance efforts by the congress in uttar pradesh, kashmir and bengal that didn't work out.
the minister also trashed hardik aide narendra patel's allegation that the bjp had offered him rs 1 crore to join the party.
they have talked about a rs 1 crore bribe but showed only rs 10 lakh.
where is the rest rs 90 lakh?
this gimmickry will not work, he said.
tharoor tweeted: now will @rsprasad apologise to me & @rahulgandhi since the alleged insult i quoted comes from his own camp?
telegraph file picturecongress mp shashi tharoor on tuesday demanded an apology from law minister ravishankarprasad prasad for allegedly misleading the nation by accusing him and party president rahul gandhi of almost abusing the sanctity of the shivling and lord mahadev by referring to a chappal attack through an unnamed source.
while tharoor had on sunday itself pointed out that he was only quoting something that has been in the public domain  that too attributed to an unnamed rss leader  for six years now, on tuesday he dug out a video recording of former gujarat minister and bjp leader gordhan zadafia making the same scorpion analogy.
in an interview to newsx channel in 2010, zadafia, who by then had left the bjp to return to the rss fold in 2014, said about then gujarat chief minister narendra modis relationship with the sangh: it is like a scorpion sitting on a shivling.
neither can the sangh parivar touch it, nor can they throw anything to damage it.
during an interaction in bangalore on sunday in connection with the release of his book the paradoxical prime minister, tharoor had referred to a similar observation cited in the caravan magazine in march 2012 to show how modis personality cult did not go down well with the sangh.
theres an extraordinarily striking metaphor expressed by an unnamed rss source to the journalist vinod jose of the caravan which i quote here in which they express their frustration with their inability to curb mr modi.
and the man says mr modi is like a scorpion sitting on a shivling.
you cannot remove him with your hand, and you cannot hit it with a chappal either.
thats a very very profound understanding of the relationship.
because if you remove a scorpion with your hand you will get stung very badly but if you hit a shivling with a chappal then you have undermined all the sacred tenets of the faith that you hold and that the scorpion is sitting on.
so ultimately you live with it, with seething frustration, tharoor had said.
this had prompted prasad to demand an apology from rahul, calling his claim of being a shiv bhakt hypocritical.
posting the video featuring zadafia making a similar observation, tharoor tweeted on tuesday: now will @rsprasad apologise to me & @rahulgandhi since the alleged insult i quoted comes from his own camp?
deputy chief minister sushil kumar modi at agriculture roadmap inauguration and .
pictures by deepak kumar his party continues to hope, at least in public posturing, that purno sangma will offer a fight in thursdays presidential polls.
but sushil kumar modi, bihars deputy chief minister who has raised many eyebrows in the bjp for his perceived proximity to nitish kumar, is already preparing for a grand welcome of president pranab mukherjee to bihar.
modi, while speaking to reporters on tuesday, said the formal inauguration of the state governments agriculture roadmap, pegged at over rs 1.
5 lakh crore, would be done by the president of india.
the chief minister has already invited pranab mukherjee to bihar after he becomes president of india.
we will get the roadmap inaugurated during that visit, he remarked.
the deputy chief minister was quickly reminded that the bjp was supporting sangma and asked him if the party had conceded defeat.
sangmaji is on the battlefield and there will be no withdrawal, said modi.
but what the results would be is well-known, he added, tongue firmly in cheek.
modi, like nitish on monday, called upon bjp and jd(u) ministers to desist from speaking on the alliance.
that job is reserved for party spokespersons.
the minister should only speak on government issues or their department, he said while taking pot-shots at rjd chief lalu prasad for trying to take the false credit of getting the centre to grant two central universities to bihar.
as modi was virtually conceding defeat for sangma, state bjp president c.p. thakur was claiming a victory for the former lok sabha speaker.
we are winning, thakur stressed.
politics is not just about numbers, he added, pointing out that sangma would get the support of more than 91 mlas of bihar.
sangma had come to patna on july 14, along with central bjp leaders ravishankarprasad prasad and ananth kumar.
he addressed the bjp legislators and later addressed a news meet at which modi was present.
sangma, in his speech, had declared that he expected a miracle that would pave the way for his victory.
by contrast, pranab mukherjee has not visited patna  nitish has requested him to make bihar his first destination as president  but has gone to jharkhand and odisha.
bjp leaders close to modi defended the deputy chief ministers statement on tuesday on mukherjees visit.
everybody knows the result of the presidential polls and even advaniji has said that the nda was fielding a candidate because it did not want to give upa a walk-over, stressed a bjp legislator.
our bureauhouse of law: calcutta high court on february 21, a few days after the lawyers strike began.
(pti picture)calcutta/new delhi: lawyers of calcutta high court have decided to continue till april 12 their cease-work, which completed a month on monday.
the lawyers have ceased work demanding that vacancies for 42 judges be filled immediately.
the number of vacancies in calcutta high court, which has a sanctioned strength of 72 judges, is among the highest in the country.
representatives of the bar association, the largest body of high court lawyers, had met union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad and chief justice of india dipak misra in delhi last week.
amal kumar mukherjee, secretary of the calcutta high court bar association, said: both the chief justice and the union law minister had assured us that our demand would be met soon and requested us to withdraw the cease-work.
at monday's meeting, we have told our members about the assurances but the majority of them were not ready to withdraw the agitation simply on the basis of assurances.
he said a general body meeting would be held on april 3.
on february 19, when the cease-work started, the number of judges in the court was 27.
three new judges have joined since then.
but three judges will retire this year and another is likely to be transferred.
the total strength of judges will then come down to 26, said uttam majumdar, president of the bar association.
he added the majority of the members wanted to continue with the agitation till at least 20 more judges were appointed.
on february 19, around 3.
5 lakh cases were pending.
more than 600 cases are disposed of daily at calcutta high court.
thousands of cases have piled up, said a court officer.
judicial sources in delhi attributed the large number of vacancies to a cold war and an intransigent stand of the narendra modi government.
relations between the executive and the judiciary had come under strain in 2015 when the supreme court quashed a mechanism that was intended at replacing the collegium system for choosing and transferring judges.
the posts of over 400 judges are vacant in various high courts in the country now.
the supreme court collegium had sent as many as 250 names to the centre over the past 12 to 15 months.
more than 20-25 names were recommended for calcutta high court.
the sources said several of these files were pending with the centre.
however, law ministry sources said the collegium took time to send the files.
the government has a duty to run the names through the intelligence bureau and other machinery, a government source said.
the supreme court itself is understaffed - against the sanctioned 31 posts, there are only 24 judges.
although the collegium had recommended uttarakhand high court chief justice k.m. joseph and senior advocate indu malhotra for elevation to the apex court, the files are still pending with the union government.
the supreme courtnew delhi: the centre has opposed a decision by the supreme court collegium to abolish the professional evaluation of additional judges while recommending them for promotion as permanent high court judges, setting the stage for a fresh executive-judiciary confrontation.
a senior government official said the government had asked the collegium - made up of the top five supreme court judges including the chief justice of india - to reconsider its decision.
till recently, the judgments evaluation committees of the high courts used to evaluate the judicial performance of additional judges before the apex court collegium recommended their elevation.
but in march this year, then chief justice of india j.s. khehar informed the high court chief justices that the collegium had decided to end the system.
he cited a 1981 apex court judgment and said the prevailing practice ran contrary to the order.
justice khehar also informed law minister ravishankarprasad prasad of the decision.
the evaluation was part of guidelines issued by then chief justice of india s.h. kapadia in october 2010.
the stalemate comes at a time the collegium's decision to make public all its decisions on judges' appointments and transfers, along with the reasons, had raised hopes of assuaging its long-running turf war with the government.
the centre, battling the collegium for a say in judges' appointments and transfers, has been sitting on most of the panel's recommendations over the past two years, leaving 400-odd judges' posts vacant in the high courts.
patna, dec.
18: strains of classical music filled the air at patna museum as vocalist veena sahasrabuddhe took to the stage to regale residents and distinguished guests.
navras school of performing arts, a patna-based institution, organised a classical evening yesterday night.
mps shatrughan sinha and ravishankarprasad prasad and doordarshan, new delhi, director-general tripurari sharan graced the event as guests.
veena sahasrabuddhe performed for at least an hour with kanta prasad mishra on the harmonium and pandit nitesh jha on the tabla.
overwhelmed with the hindustani music, a person in the audience, sakshi singh, said: i love classical concerts and i am happy to be here.
its great that such events are being organised in our city.
i am proud that so many artistes are coming to patna, to entertain us with live performances.
sakshi does have reason to be thrilled.
secretary of navras school of performing arts ajit pradhan said saturdays performance was the sixth concert this year.
tripurari sharan said: i want to congratulate ajit (pradhan) for his remarkable step in reviving the glorious cultural past of the state capital and giving us the pleasure to hear such renowned artistes live.
ravi shankar prasad and shatrughan sinha also congratulated the institution for promoting classical music.
researchers in the netherlands had once found trees with damaged, bleeding barks and dying leaves.
further scientific investigation showed that these were not caused by viral infection, but from six sources of technological radiation with frequencies ranging from 2,412 to 2,472 mhz and a power of 100 mw at a distance of just 20 inches.
another scientific study of plants in denmark revealed that young plants exposed to wi-fi radiation withered and died way before completing their projected life cycle.
the effect of technological radiation on the animal kingdom is even more alarming.
there was a heavy impact on the development of and reproduction among birds and insects due to the effects of radio frequency-electromagnetic fields, according to a scientific review that consisted of 113 studies.
when the animal and plant kingdoms are both affected by technological radiation, can human beings remain untouched?
if we could, then the belgian government would not have halted the roll-out of a 5g pilot project in brussels.
scientists have said that the project is not risk-free for human health.
an independent research firm says it has found evidence indicating that 5g posed a major threat to all biological life.
the united states of americas national toxicology programme study on cell phone radiation unearthed clear evidence of cancer, with research going on for heart and dna damage.
if this is true and goes unchecked, it will take a heavy toll on the future of humans as well as that of the mineral, plant and animal world.
it is no secret that 5g needs a clear path for signal transmission.
this obviously means that trees would get in the way; 5g does not readily pass through leaves.
if the trees are cut down, the wireless signal would be stronger.
if the speechlessness of the wireless technology providers and the general acceptance of the ill-effects of technological radiation are any indication, it is high time we take precautionary measures to save the environment for future generations.
after taking charge on june 3, the new telecommunications minister of india, ravishankarprasad prasad, announced that the nation will hold its next spectrum sale  which will mark the debut of 5g airwaves  this year, and conduct 5g trials within 100 days.
all major telecom operators in india are gearing up for the 5g trial from june.
has the government done its homework before allowing operators to launch 5g when the rest of the educated world is reluctant to launch it?
a high court in italy ordered the national government to publicize cell phone risks; certain states in the us introduced bills to review the health risks of wireless radiation for children at schools.
let us not forget that the indian government has already announced that the entire nation will be equipped and empowered with 5g network by 2020.
wireless communication devices are necessary evils.
if we must use them, we should keep them at a distance of at least three feet from us; use headphones while talking; lower the risk of radiation by texting more and talking less; start using cabled network at home and at work; deactivate the bluetooth/wi-fi functions of our laptops, personal computers and car radios; switch off all wireless devices when not in use, especially at night; limit the length of calls; carry the phone when it is not on.
these are a few of many individual measures we can take.
but there are other things that we cannot do alone.
we must raise these issues with local governments and representatives so that we can be instrumental in saving the ecosystem.
before we allow any new technology to be launched for our comfort and convenience, we must remember the long-term effects it could have on the planet.
many will argue that if we fail to adopt current technological trends, we will fall behind as a nation.
i respect their argument; we cannot be anti-technology.
but the makers of our technology should put the health of all living organisms first.
the demand for holding students' union election at patna university (pu) has gained momentum after new vice-chancellor (vc) rash bihari prasad singh said on tuesday that he was keen on holding elections.
the last such election was held in 2012, and before that it was held in 1984.
a delegation of student leaders associated with the nationalist congress party (ncp) met the vc on wednesday, demanding the election at the soonest.
they are not the only ones who have got their hopes up.
we have many expectations from rash bihari prasad singh who is serious in holding the students union election, said sushil kumar, state secretary of the all india students federation (aisf).
as singh has a long association with patna university having been a student, teacher, principal and now vc, he knows the students' problems.
the aisf, sushil said, also wants improvement in academic activities at the varsity, round-the-clock functioning of the central library, setting up of gender sensitisation cells and strengthening infrastructure at colleges under pu.
pappu verma, state treasurer of the rss student wing abvp, echoed sushil, saying: we are hopeful that vc singh will initiate steps to hold the election.
the abvp had won the last students' union election held in 2012 with ashish sinha elected as the patna university students' union president.
vc singh reiterated his keenness on thursday: i am very much interested in holding students' union election so that there will be a student representative who can take up the students' cause; it is not possible for any vc to listen to every student's problem.
most of bihar's present crop of politicians such as lalu prasad, sushil modi and union minister ravishankarprasad prasad all rose from pu student bodies.
many of them cut their teeth in politics during the jp movement in the '70s.
anasuya basusonal mansingh.
(mayukh sengupta)central park: in her blue silk sari and long red tilak, sonal mansingh, in her 70s, was the gem of the kolkata literature festival, in association with the telegraph.
the danseuse, in conversation with biographer sujata prasad, her biographer, did a role reversal when she asked what made you write a book on me.
the first year went in long conversations, commissions, evasions and silences.
but the conversations were mesmeric and radical and i was drawn into it.
i did not take notes or record but somewhere a book was building up in my mind, sujata said at a session titled dancing your way to the mind: the contemporary history of india's classical arts as revealed through a personal story.
known as a pioneering exponent of odissi, sonal started learning hindusthani classical vocal when she was just eight.
she also learnt to play the sitar from vilayat khan and took lessons in carnatic music.
although i was born into a political family and my family members were all fighting the 'war' of independence, being in a gujarati family i was rooted in the cultural heritage of the country, she said.
strains of bade ghulam ali khan saab's riyaaz could be heard in her mumbai home early in the morning.
vilayat khan was a family friend and so were ravishankarprasad , m.s. subbulakshmi and siddheswari devi.
sonal would spend hours talking to them, listening to them and singing with them.
the highlight of her 21st birthday was a performance by jasraj.
she started dancing when she was four and trained in manipuri before learning bharatanatyam.
legendary dancer and choreographer rukmini devi arundale introduced her to the new aesthetics in bharatanatyam.
but sonal was in the thralls of bala saraswati.
she was the one to take bharatanatyam out of the ghetto of madras and to the west, she said.
sonal first met bala in mumbai in 1962, on the eve of her departure to the us.
how like a goddess she looked, sonal recalled.
she wasn't a beauty in the conventional sense, she was tall, had broad shoulders.
but she was the queen of the stage.
every movement of hers went into infinity, she drew patterns in space, when she danced.
sonal paid rich tributes to uday shankar as well.
i feel bad that the young today do no know of uday shankar or bala saraswati.
there is so much of bollywood and reality show, where do you have anything of cultural value?
having learnt her bharatanatyam from u.s. krishna rao and chandrabhaga devi in bangalore, sonal recalled the rigour in their lessons.
i was preparing for my arangetram (first stage performance).
i was 17 and didn't know much of shringar ras.
one afternoon, my guru ji became very angry.
there was a sound in the street and he called me to see what it was.
it was the monkeys dancing.
he asked me what was the difference between them and me, she narrated.
about her shift to odissi, sonal said: bharatanatyam already had stalwarts like bala saraswati.
in odissi, we were the pioneers.
odissi looks very lyrical but it's difficult to master.
the taranga comes with hard discipline, she said.
the beauty of her odissi repertoire was created by her guruji kelucharan mohapatra.
sonal has taken indian dance to countries across europe, to the us and south america.
while in argentina in 1977, she visited victoria ocampo and sang ami chini go chini to her.
cut to the present and sonal was nominated by prime minister narendra modi as navaratna for her work on swachh bharat.
she explains her take on swachh bharat.
i see it through three levels, swachh vichar (clean thoughts), swachh vani (clean speak)and swachh vyavahar (clean behaviour).
my message is through my art.
puranic stories and episodes tell us how to deal with pollution.
lack of swachha is pollution, the dancer said.
our special correspondentsri sri ravi shankar.
(pti)srinagar: art of living founder sri sri ravi shankar's peace conference in srinagar descended into chaos on saturday with the participants crying foul and some of them raising pro- azadi slogans and many others walking out.
ravi shankar is in the city on a public outreach programme, seeking to spread the message of love and peace.
hundreds unexpectedly turned up at the sher-e-kashmir international convention centre in srinagar to attend his paigam-e-mohabbat programme, but the spiritual leader was countered within minutes of starting his speech.
many left after someone in the crowd raised pro- azadi slogans.
several people later alleged that they were tricked into participating.
the event was organised by the little-known jammu and kashmir coordination committee.
the organisers claimed people had voluntarily participated in the event and only some created a scene.
several participants said they had been brought in buses from far off places in the valley on various promises.
a group of youths from north kashmir's pattan said they had been promised cricket kits.
some people from kupwara said they were told some muslim clerics would address a gathering.
a middle-aged man was seen shouting that the conference was a conspiracy by the indian government to force them to abandon their religion.
ravi shankar recently created a flutter by saying india could turn into syria if there was any more delay in resolving the ayodhya issue.
some participants claimed he was propagating a hindutva ideology in the garb of peace overtures.
earlier during the programme, ravishankarprasad urged kashmiris to forget the past and move on.
if we keep harping on the old things we become sad.
we have to move on.
we have the courage, power and will to become resilient and see towards the future of society, he said.
the art of living founder said kashmiris were lovely people and it was their duty to apply balm on the wounds of the suffering masses.
whenever i come i see the pain and agony and amidst this i see the glimpse of love.
.
.
.
he later addressed a news conference where he refused to take questions on his syria remark.
lalmohan patnaikravi shankar prasadcuttack: union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad on sunday expected that chief justice of orissa high court justice vineet saran would ensure disposal of 10-year-old cases.
this is what i expect from you (judges).
i am running a campaign - nyaya mitra - across the country for the purpose, prasad said.
the union law minister said this on the occasion of the foundation stone-laying ceremony of the income tax appellate tribunal (itat) building here.
chief justice of orissa high court justice vineet saran was present in the dais along with chief justice of india justice dipak misra.
official sources say that more than three lakh cases are pending in subordinate courts across odisha, while around 1.
68 lakh of them are in orissa high court.
of them, at least 10 per cent are more than 10 years old.
prasad launched the scheme from bihar in april.
the scheme aims to address the problem of pending cases at various courts and aims to reduce it across selected districts, with a special focus on those pending for more than 10 years.
after bihar the plan is to launch the scheme in the northeast, jammu and kashmir, uttar pradesh, maharashtra, rajasthan, odisha, gujarat and bengal.
the scheme envisages appointment of a facilitation officer (nyaya mitra) in districts where cases are older than 10 years.
the facilitation officer can be a retired judicial officer or a retired bureaucrat.
prasad stressed on the need to make litigants' access to justice affordable.
in his speech, prasad expressed satisfaction at the functioning of the itats.
confirmation of around 66 per cent of the views of the itat in the high courts indicated the adjudicating capacity of the itat, he said.
suresh chandra, union law secretary, said of the 686 cases disposed by the itat since 2001, high courts have upheld 456 of them.
the pendency of the itat had gone down to one lakh in 2015-16 from more than three lakh in 1998-99.
as on november 1, 2017, the total pendency is 90,265, chandra said.
roshan kumarnagaland batsmen run between the wickets in the match against sikkim on sunday.
(nagendra kumar singh)patna: the board of control for cricket in india's u-23 tournament started here on sunday, two weeks after the supreme court allowed bihar to participate in ranji trophy and other national cricket championships.
the bihar cricket association, an associate member of the bcci, is organising the matches for which only bihar and associate members from the northeast - nagaland, meghalaya, manipur, sikkim and arunachal pradesh - are participating.
the tournament will end on february 1.
nagaland won the first match of the tourney against sikkim, defeating the team by 201 runs.
electing to bat first, nagaland put up a score of 279/4 in 38 overs.
sedezhalie rupera scored 124 runs for his team, but chasing the target, sikkim was bundled in 25.
1 overs for 78 runs.
host bihar's first match is on wednesday against sikkim at energy stadium.
the u-23 tourney is being held at the energy stadium in rajvanshi nagar and moin-ul-haq stadium.
the bcci had last year introduced this tourney to give exposure to youngsters in the limited-overs format.
it has named the col c k nayudu trophy.
bihar cricket association general secretary ravishankarprasad prasad singh said: the winner and runner-up of the u-23 league matches will play in the knockout u-23 zonal tournament in kanpur on february 4.
there are five cricket zones under the bcci - east, west, north, south and central.
bihar and five northeast states come under the east zone.
the u-23 players, based on their performance, will even get a chance to be part of the state ranji teams.
singh said the bihar cricket association will also conduct the bcci's u-14 tourney after this.
bihar's other cricket body, cricket association of bihar led by aditya verma, too has promised support and cooperation for development and promotion of cricket in the state.
l.k. advani new delhi, feb.
18: the cbi today filed an appeal in the supreme court against an order to clear l.k. advani, murli manohar joshi and 19 other leaders of criminal conspiracy in the babri masjid demolition.
allahabad high court had upheld a special court decision to drop the charges against the group  which also included vinay katiyar, ashok singhal, giriraj kishore, uma bharti, sadhvi ritambhara, bal thackeray and kalyan singh  on may 20, 2010.
the agencys belated appeal comes at a time the centre is under fire from the supreme court over its alleged inaction in dealing with the 2g scam and other scandals.
in its appeal, the cbi said both the trial court and the high courts move to separate the alleged instigators from those who actually participated in the demolition was unjustified and legally untenable.
the bjp saw the appeal as a tactic to deflect attention from the mess within the upa and split the opposition days before the budget session.
advani is innocent, everyone knows that.
as for what happens in parliament, thats a matter of strategy which we will decide later, said bjp spokesperson ravishankarprasad prasad.
bjp sources, however, indicated that the party was unlikely to stall parliament or protest inside the house.
one key reason could be that the government appears close to accepting the opposition demand for a jpc probe into the 2g scandal.
if we gun for other issues, we will be accused of causing mindless disruptions and that will justifiably not go down well with anyone, least of all the opinion-shapers, a source said.
the agency contested the decisions of the two courts to bifurcate the offences and compartmentalise the accused, saying the charge of criminal conspiracy was not independent of other offences when it ran like a common thread against all accused persons.
it appears that an artificial distinction was made by the trial court attempting to assign a role in respect of each of the accused persons and to see which offences were made out.
this distinction has been made on the ground that in respect of persons against whom only offences of instigation and other allied offences were made out, and those who indulged in the actual demolition, the agency said.
such a distinction implies that two sets of accused face charges stemming from a common incident at different places.
thus, the high court order results in miscarriage of justice, the cbi said.
the special court had held that 21 persons  the political instigators  would be tried in rae bareli and the others in lucknow.
the cbi said it had filed a combined chargesheet against all 49 accused as all the offences form part of the same transaction.
a road being developed near the site where the software technology park will come up in adityapur.
picture by animesh sengupta adityapur's cherished dream of hosting a software technology park is inching closer to reality.
sources in the state it department on thursday revealed that union minister for communications and information technology ravishankarprasad prasad would lay the foundation stone for the ambitious stpi project worth rs 20 crore near the adityapur auto cluster design lab on tata-kandra road, 5km from jamshedpur, in mid-june.
siddharth kumar rai, joint director of software technology parks of india (stpi) under the union ministry, told the telegraph over phone from ranchi that the final date for the foundation ceremony was yet to be fixed.
it may either be june 16 or 17.
the date will be finalised within a couple of days, he said.
rai maintained that the software technology park in adityapur would be meant for micro, small and medium enterprises (msmes).
it and allied companies as well as bpos will be allotted space at subsidised rates, he said.
the software technology park will come up on 3.
5 acres, already provided by the adityapur industrial area development authority (aiada), and is expected to generate employment opportunities for over 2,500 people.
according to rai, the tech park will be developed by kashish developers, a ranchi-based real estate firm.
it will take two years to complete the project, he added.
aiada has meanwhile started developing infrastructure, including roads, streetlights and sewerage, by floating tenders since the industrial hub is awaiting two more vital projects - an it park, which is a state government project and will involve 25 acres, and an electronics manufacturing cluster, which will come up on 82 acres along the same stretch of tata-kandra road like the tech park.
the latter is being billed as the first of its kind in jharkhand.
aiada has already signed a memorandum of agreement (moa) with the department of electronics and information technology for the manufacturing cluster.
sources in the state it department said that officials would soon visit adityapur to take stock of preparations for the foundation ceremony of the software technology park.
they are expected to hold meetings with the administrative brass of seraikela-kharsawan.
during his two-day visit later this month, the union minister is likely to attend a function at michael john auditorium in bistupur, where he will meet beneficiaries of various government it schemes.
in a separate function at a city hotel, he will address an interactive session with it professionals and experts.
software technology parks of india is a society set up by the government of india in 1991 with the objective to encourage, promote and boost software exports from india.
the stpi maintains internal engineering resources to provide consulting, training and implementation services.
it has played a seminal role in india having earned a reputation as an information technology superpower.
grains salvo at statepatna, july 8: bjp leader sushil kumar modi today said the state government has failed to stop irregularities in procuring grains for the poorer sections of society.
prime minister narendra modi has alleged that the central government's subsidies on rice and wheat were being siphoned off by middlemen.
new trainbhagalpur: malda divisional railway manager mohit kumar sinha on friday said the railways might start regular train services between deoghar and bhagalpur for pilgrims during the shravani mela.
securitypatna: additional armed forces were deployed at ranisagar village in bhojpur district after violent clashes between two groups of people on friday.
surrendersamastipur: a local sarpanch, murari jha, surrendered at dalsingsarai police station on friday after a video of him forcing a youth to lick his (jha) spit allegedly went viral on social media a few days ago.
rebuttalpatna: union minister ravishankarprasad prasad on friday said the congress's charge against the centre's attempt to hush up a rs 45,000-crore deficit in telecom revenue was malafide and utterly bogus.
protesthajipur: residents staged a protest on friday against the murder of businessman ashok singh, (35), at jauhari bazar under the jurisdiction of hajipur town police station on thursday night.
substitutebhagalpur: manoj kumar, senior superintendent of police, bhagalpur, held a meeting on friday with the bhagalpur drug association in an attempt to counter the increasing misuse of cough syrups.
druggists at the meeting were advised to refrain from selling drugs without a doctor's prescription.
investigationbhagalpur: adampur police are investigating into the unnatural death of a domestic help at a doctor's house in town.
the maid was found hanging at the doctor's house near lajpath park on thursday.
our legal reportercalcutta high courtcalcutta: the members of three lawyers' organisations of calcutta high court on tuesday decided to continue their ceasework till april 19, rejecting the centre's assurance to appoint more judges soon.
the prolonged lawyers' strike has left the fate of thousands of litigants uncertain as there have been no hearings of cases in the court over the past 44 days.
several litigants had hoped that the ceasework would be called off on tuesday and their cases would be heard.
my lawyer told me over phone that the ceasework would be withdrawn today (tuesday) and asked me to come to the court.
but after coming here, i learnt that the strike would continue, said manjunath ghorai, a farmer from egra in east midnapore.
my cousin has grabbed my land with the help of local police and i don't know what to do with the court on strike.
the lawyers' bodies had started their ceasework from february 19, demanding filling up of 42 vacant posts of judges in the court.
on tuesday, after 44 days of ceasework, the lawyers decided to continue their movement at separate meetings until the centre appointed at least 20 more judges in the court.
the members, particularly the younger ones of the three lawyers' bodies - bar association, bar library club and incorporated law society - forced their leaders to continue the ceasework.
some lawyers, who wanted the ceasework to be withdrawn for the sake of the litigants, said it was surprising that the state government was still mum over the issue.
neither chief minister mamata banerjee nor law minister malay ghatak has commented on the issue till date, a lawyer said.
however, a leader of one of the lawyers' organisations said advocate general kishore dutta, in an informal meeting with the leaders of the lawyers' bodies, had said that the chief minister had taken up the issue with union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
three lawyers' bodies convened separate meetings on tuesday to decide their future course of action.
but all the meetings ended within half an hour as most of the members were in favour of continuing the ceasework.
contacted, amal mukherjee, the secretary of the bar association, said: we have decided to continue the ceasework after a majority of our members demanded it.
we will again meet at a general body meeting on april 19 to decide our future course of action.
it was for the third time since february 19 that the members of the lawyers' bodies met and decided to continue the movement.
j.p. yadavsaugata roynew delhi: the trinamul congress stood out with its silence on the instant talaq bill in the lok sabha on thursday, none of its members participating in the four-hour debate as the party sought to stay neutral.
several trinamul members, including the party's leader in the house, sudip bandyopadhyay, were present throughout the debate but kept quiet as other opposition parties suggested amendments and committee reference or opposed the bill outright.
later in the day, trinamul members refused to comment on the matter, merely saying they were taking a neutral stand.
it was the party's decision not to participate in the debate, mp saugata roy said.
party sources cited how law minister ravishankarprasad prasad had recently reached out to mamata banerjee, seeking her support on the bill.
mamata had apparently been non-committal at the time but party mps were on thursday told to take the neutral stand, trinamul insiders said.
sudip spoke in the house but on the subject of the rate cut announced for small savings schemes.
madam, this is the platform of the indian parliament.
who will speak on the small savers' behalf as they have no place to raise their voice?
sudip said during zero hour.
while many were puzzled by trinamul's silence on the talaq bill, some speculated that mamata may be averse to strengthening the congress on every issue at a time the party was receiving national traction after the gujarat election results.
mamata wants the congress to give importance to her, too, a trinamul member said.
during the house debate, congress member sushmita dev was seen sitting beside sudip and talking to him.
some sources suggested she may have been probing him about trinamul's silence.
our legal reportercalcutta high courtcalcutta: calcutta high court acting chief justice jyotirmoy bhattacharya on wednesday requested lawyers to call off their cease-work over the shortage of judges, saying the court would make all efforts to fill up the vacancies as soon as possible.
justice bhattacharya suggested that the lawyers' leaders form committees of senior advocates to convince their members, particularly the younger ones, to end the protest that began more than a month ago on february 19 and allow normal functioning.
the acj (acting chief justice) advised the leaders to bring the young members to him or to other senior judges to convince them about the need for resumption of normal activities at the high court, said a source.
the high court had 27 judges when the protest began against the sanctioned 72 posts.
three judges were appointed later but some judges are to retire over the next few months.
justice bhattacharya made the appeal at an urgent meeting he had convened on wednesday with leaders of the bar association, bar library club and the incorporated law society.
over 10,000 lawyers affiliated to the three associations have been participating in the cease-work.
additional solicitor-general kaushik chanda and bengal advocate-general kishore dutta were also present at the meeting, as were two other senior-most judges, justice aniruddha bose and justice debasish kargupta.
asked about the outcome of the meeting, uttam majumdar, president of the bar association, the largest among the three organisations, said: we will inform our members about our meeting with the acting chief justice but will go by the decision of the majority of our members.
the meeting came days after the three lawyers' organisations decided to continue the cease-work till april 2 and meet the following day to decide the future course of action.
representatives of the lawyers' organisations had recently met chief justice of india dipak misra and union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
both promised to appoint more judges at the high court while appealing to the lawyers to end the ceasework.
the judges of the court are have been attending court regularly from 10.
30am.
but most of the judges are leaving early as no lawyer has been attending court.
this cannot go on, said a source.
narendra modi at the launch of a pension scheme for unorganised workers in ahmedabad on tuesday.
the prime minister said during the day that opposition persons have become poster boys of pakistan by terming it an ambassador of peace.
(pti)as sparks continue to fly over whether terrorists or trees were felled in balakot, one confirmed casualty in india has been the meaning of the word irony.
sources associated with the indian establishment on tuesday put the onus on the pakistani media for asking searching questions so that the untruths being dished out by the government there would be exposed.
the irony of advising the media across the border to do their job while ministers and bjp spokespersons brand questioners at home anti-national and anti-military appears to have been completely lost on the sources.
the nudge to the pakistani media came at a time prime minister narendra modi and other leading lights of the government have been construing any attempt to seek information on the pre-emptive strike as an act of hostility towards the armed forces.
the government has also been seeking to hide behind the defence shield, projecting any criticism of the executive leadership as that of the armed forces.
the shrill campaign has become a babel of voices with casualty numbers ranging from large to 350 to nil to 250 and 400 (the latest figure is a claim made by union agriculture minister radha mohan singh on tuesday).
prime minister modi on tuesday described opposition leaders as poster boys of pakistan for trying to demoralise our armed forces by asking for proof of the air strikes.
modi did not refer to his own party chief and ministers coming up with conflicting figures and versions.
neither did he mention the opinion of his ally shiv sena that the government should provide details of the casualties.
union home minister rajnath singh, who usually desists from making intemperate remarks, said in assam: i ask my congress friends to go to pakistan and count the bodies or ask the people there.
law minister ravishankarprasad prasad held a media conference to accuse the congress of weakening indias morale by referring to international media reports that said evidence of high casualties were yet to be found and not paying attention to coverage in the indian media.
a few hours before the minister spoke, two researchers had written an article in the washington post, headlined after pulwama, the indian media proves it is the bjps propaganda machine.
the researchers wrote: the indian media has ascribed to itself the role of an amplifier of the government propaganda that took two nuclear states to the brink of war.
prasad did read out the beginning of a foreign news agency report narrating accounts of earthquake-like explosions in balakot.
but the key conclusion of the full report was that no eyewitness could confirm deaths.
the telegraphthe minister added: we believe in our armed forces, we believe in our air force.
so far, few have said they do not believe the armed forces.
the doubt is about whom to believe in the modi government, given the multiple and conflicting views from within and the tendency to slam the door on any question by saying it amounts to expressing disbelief in the armed forces.
it is against this backdrop that the indian sources  a nebulous term that is in the news now for putting the casualty figure at 300-plus  dished out their advice to the pakistani media.
the sources asked that if, in fact, there is no damage in balakot, as the pakistani media claims, then why are they not being taken to this site seven days after the incident?
after all, today (tuesday) is the seventh day.
yet, the pakistani media has not been taken to the site.
if, in fact, we did nothing except hit four trees and a crow, there should be no difficulty in taking the media on the very first day.
certainly by the seventh day, they should be able to take the media to those places and show it to them.
thats not been done.
the sources went to the extent of saying the pakistani media should be asked, why they are not asking their government.
.
.
.
since irony has been a casualty, it may not have occurred to the sources that if asking questions is a crime in democratic india, it must be so for army-driven pakistan, too.
referring to islamabads initial claim that two indian jets were shot down, the sources in new delhi asked why the pakistani media are not asking their government where is the fuselage of the second aircraft and where are the mortal remains of those pilots if they are dead, and if not where are they?
why are they not being handed over to the indian government?
pakistan had clarified on wednesday evening that one indian aircraft had been downed and they had one indian air force pilot.
there is little doubt that the pakistani media must hold the pakistani government accountable.
all questions raised by the indian sources are very relevant as well as pertinent.
and, if you believe in resurrection, ironic.
union ministers-- ravishankarprasad prasad, giriraj singh, r k singh and ashwini kumar choubey-- are among nda candidates leading on 37 seats while rjd is ahead on two consituencies and its mahagathbandhan ally congress at one place, as per the latest trends available.
among the central ministers only ram kripal yadav is trailing by around 6900 votes to his rival rjd candidate misa bharti, lalu prasad's eldest daughter, in pataliputra constituency.
bjp and jd(u) are leading on 16 and 15 seats respectively while ljp is ahead on six seats.
the rjd, which is heading five parties mahagathbandhan which also included congress, ham, vip and rlsp, is leading in two seats of jehanabad and pataliputra and its ally congress is ahead in kishanganj out of the 40 seats on which trends are available, according to the figures released by the office of chief electoral officer, bihar.
prominent nda faces who are leading currently included- union ministers ravishankarprasad prasad (patna sahib), radha mohan singh(purvi champaran), giriraj singh(begusarai), r k singh (ara), ashwini kumar choubey (buxar), rajiv pratap rudy (saran), chirag paswan(jamui), ram vilas paswan's brother pashupati kumar paras (hajipur).
prominent opposition mahagathbandhan faces who are trailing included- sharad yadav (madhepura), actor-turned- politician shatrughan sinha (patna sahib), former lok sabha speaker meira kumar (sasaram), former jnusu president and cpi nominee kanhaiya kumar (begusarai), rlsp chief upendra kushwaha (karakat), vikassheel insan party chief mukesh sahni (khagaria), former bihar cm and ham (s) president jitan ram manjhi (gaya).
rlsp chief upendra kishwaha, who contested from two seats of karakat and ujiarpur, is trailing on both the places.
kushwaha is trailing by over 95,000 votes in ujiarpur to bjp's nityanand rai while he is behind by 18000 votes in karakat to his jd(u) rival mahabali singh.
jitan ram manjhi is trailing by over 58,000 from gaya reserved seat to his jd(u) rival vijay manjhi.
another mahagathbandhan constituent- vikassheel insan party (vip)- chief mukesh sahni is trailing behind by 8300 votes from his rival ljp's mehboob ali kaiser in khagaria.
union law minister and bjp candidate ravishankarprasad prasad is leading by over 1,13,000 votes over his nearest congress competitor shatrughan sinha in patna sahib constituency while giriraj singh has maintained huge lead of over 2 lakh votes over his rival and cpi candidate kanhaiya kumar in begusarai constituency.
agriculture minister radha mohan singh is leading over 71,000 votes from his rival rlsp candidate akash kumar singh in purvi champaran constituency.
senior leader sharad yadav, who is contesting on rjd ticket from madhepura, is trailing by over 87000 votes from his rival and jd(u) candidate dinesh chandra yadav.
former lok sabha speaker and congress candidate meira kumar is trailing by over 66,000 votes in sasaram from her rival and bjp candidate chhedi paswan.
rjd's surendra yadav is leading by 7800 votes over his rival jd(u)'s chandeshwar prasad in jehanabad while congress' mohammed javed is leading by 9700 votes over his rival jd(u)'s mahmud ashraf in kishanganj.
lalu prasad's elder son tej pratap yadav's father-in-law chandrika rai, who is a rjd candidate from saran, is also trailing by 57000 votes from his rival and bjp candidate rajiv pratap rudy.
ram vilas paswan's brothers pashupati kumar paras and ram chandra paswan are leading from hajipur and samastipur constituency respectively.
hostel noticenew delhi, may 4 (pti): the delhi commission for women has issued a notice to the principal of hindu college over not providing accommodation to girls in the hostel.
the commission has received a representation from students on the high fee structure and discriminatory rules for girls in the newly constructed 200-seat hostel, an official said.
the principal has been asked to send her reply within 48 hours.
panic buttonnew delhi (pti): every cellphone will have a panic button installed in it from january 2017, the lok sabha was informed on wednesday.
women in distress can use the button to immediately alert police, telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad said.
uk coupledehradun (pti): a british couple have allegedly been roughed up by forest officials in plain clothes when they visited mahesh yogi's ashram in rishikesh.
they had an argument with the personnel over the high entry fee at the ashram, police said.
the forest department is silent on the issue.
baby killedpune (pti): a woman has allegedly drowned her three-month-old granddaughter in a water barrel.
an ailment the baby was suffering from and the expenses for the treatment allegedly drove the grandmother, sushila sanjay taru, 50, to the murder, police said.
car 'helmet'panaji (pti): goa traffic police have challaned a car driver for not wearing helmet while driving.
eknath anant palkar was booked under section 177 of the motor vehicles act which deals with riding a two-wheeler without wearing helmet.
rail lacunaenew delhi (pti): as many as 2,376 out of 8,472 railway stations lack minimum essential amenities for passengers, the government said on wednesday.
the government has increased the budgetary allocation for providing such facilities, minister of state for railways manoj sinha told the lok sabha.
new delhi, jan.
12 (pti): the issues raised by the four senior supreme court judges in the unprecedented press conference on friday are an internal matter of the judiciary, highly placed sources said, indicating that the government is unlikely to interfere.
the government has no say in it and does not wish to interfere, the sources said.
it is an internal matter of the judiciary, the sources in the government said.
however, they also added that the apex court should settle the issue at the earliest as the faith of the people in the judiciary is at stake.
in an unprecedented move, four senior-most judges of the supreme court today called a press conference and said the situation in the top court was not in order and many less than desirable things have taken place.
justice j. chelameswar, the second senior judge after the chief justice of india, said, .
.
.
sometimes administration of the supreme court is not in order and many things which are less than desirable have happened in the last few months.
the other judges who were present at the press conference were justices ranjan gogoi, m.b. lokur and kurian joseph.
official sources in the law ministry said law minister ravishankarprasad prasad has not met prime minister narendra modi in this regard so far.
piyush srivastavasri sri ravi shankarlucknow: art of living founder sri sri ravishankarprasad on tuesday suggested that a court verdict clearing the way for a ram temple in ayodhya might leave open the possibility of problems in the future as the losing side would always remain unsatisfied.
the spiritual leader did not mention the word muslim but appeared to be urging the minority community to accommodate the concerns of hindus for a reciprocal gesture.
suppose that the court said there was a temple and the temple would be rebuilt again and if it was constructed there, then the members of that community would remain always unsatisfied and create problems in the future.
if we take something, we will give you something in return.
you can make a mosque or a hospital there.
but one should respect the belief of over 100 crore people for that particular place, he added.
what is bigger, the respect of 100 crore people or a piece of land?
ravi shankar, who was in the holy city to attend the sant samagam, a meeting of sadhus, is not a party to the ramjanmabhoomi-babri masjid case now pending before the supreme court.
but he has been trying to mediate between the two sides, although both have rejected his efforts.
ravi shankar, who spoke in hindi, mentioned the epic mahabharat as a reminder to those opposed to a ram temple in ayodhya.
there are some duryodhans who say they will not give even an inch of land there.
.
.
.
they are ready to die for an inch of land.
it is their ignorance only.
see the history of bharat.
the same had happened in the mahabharat.
you are repeating the same, he warned.
the sunni central waqf board has in the past said more than once that it wouldn't give even an inch of land to the other side.
ravi shankar said allahabad high court's 2010 order to trifurcate the 2.
77-acre disputed plot among the nirmohi akhara, ram lalla virajman and the sunni central waqf board had failed to break the deadlock and suggested that muslims give up their portion.
if you give that one acre for (social) harmony and construction of a temple, the hindus would give you a place at a distance for a mosque.
both will win in that case, he said.
this fight will continue if the court case is there.
but it would be good if we reach a solution through harmony.
we will put a plaque there stating that a magnificent temple was constructed there with the harmony, admiration and devotion of both the communities.
then this dispute would be over for ever.
ravi shankar said although all the parties would accept the supreme court's verdict, the losing side will have poison in their mind.
they will.
.
.
believe that injustice was done to them.
there may again be a case and violence after a 100 or 150 years, he said.
ravi shankar later left for gorakhpur where he met uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath for unscheduled closed-door talks.
new delhi, july 22: the centre today said there was an imperative need to improve the system of appointment of judges and pressed for a national judicial commission in view of the row over alleged corruption and capitulation in the judiciary.
the government also confirmed the allegation by justice markandey katju that the upa government and the then pmo under manmohan singh had pushed the case of a judge despite the collegiums reservations in making him permanent.
there is an imperative need to improve the system of appointment of honourable judges.
therefore, our government, with the greatest respect is quite keen to ensure that the national judicial commission system is appointed, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad told the lok sabha today.
a collegium of supreme court judges at present deals with appointment of judges.
the executive does not have a role in the appointment.
the nda government wants to set up a national judicial commission so that the appointment is not an exclusive domain of the apex court.
the government referred to the revelations made by justice katju about a judge of madras high court being confirmed and promoted despite adverse intelligence bureau reports.
the judge in question was appointed in the year 2003.
subsequently, the collegium had certain reservations.
they sought certain enquiries.
i do not wish to go into the details of this subsequently, a decision was taken that his case need not be confirmed, prasad told the lok sabha after the aiadmk sought a statement.
the minister pointed fingers towards then prime minister singh.
in june 2006, there was a clarification sought from the then pmo as to why his case is not being processed.
thereafter, again the matter was considered by the collegium, and the collegium, in its collective wisdom, took a call that he need not be recommended at all, prasad said.
thereafter to be precise, again a note went from the then department of justice with the approval of the then law minister (h.r. bhardwaj) indicating about certain sensitivity.
thereafter, a call was taken by the collegium that his case can be considered for some extension and he was made permanent, prasad added.
the congress objected to the statement, saying the conduct of judges cannot be discussed in the house.
however, the speaker pointed out that she could not stop the minister from making a statement if he wanted to do so.
prasad said: i am not for a moment making any observation about the conduct of a judge in his judicial capacity.
i have only recounted those facts.
the aiadmk wanted the government to name a dmk minister who allegedly pressured the upa.
the aiadmk members forced two adjournments of the house but the name was not revealed.
former president pranab mukherjee was on friday chosen for indias highest civilian award, the bharat ratna, along with the late rss ideologue nanaji deshmukh and the late singer bhupen hazarika.
this being an election year, many chose to look at the list from a political perspective, although there was near-universal approval of the choices.
the selection of a congress veteran like mukherjee was quickly interpreted as an attempt to court the bengal electorate.
it also got invariably linked to his decision to visit the rss headquarters in june last year, less than a year after retiring as president.
mukherjee had delighted the sangh parivar with his trip to nagpur, where he shared a stage with rss chief mohan bhagwat.
although mukherjee said he did not endorse the ideology of the rss, many had felt that his presence at the event had helped accord some sort of legitimacy to the sangh parivar and its agenda.
hazarikas anointment is being seen as an effort to cool tempers in assam where, as in many other parts of the northeast, protests are intensifying against the central governments citizenship bill.
apparently fearing losses in its traditional hindi heartland stronghold, the bjp is eyeing compensatory wins in the east and the northeast.
congress president rahul gandhi posted a congratulatory tweet, stressing mukherjees congress credentials.
congratulations to pranab da on being awarded the bharat ratna!
the congress party takes great pride in the fact that the immense contribution to public service & nation building of one of our own has been recognised & honoured.
im happy that shri bhupen hazarika and nanaji deshmukh have been honoured, posthumously, with the bharat ratna, rahul added.
the trinamul congress and the cpm, too, congratulated mukherjee.
at least one voice struck a dissenting note.
janata dal secular politician danish ali said: pranab mukherjee is being awarded the bharat ratna because he visited the rss headquarters and described the founding sarsanghchalak chief, k.b. hedgewar, as the son of the soil.
privately, congress leaders saw a bjp effort to highlight how congress stalwarts from outside the nehru-gandhi dynasty have to wait for others to acknowledge their contributions.
prime minister narendra modi often recalls how vallabhbhai patel was not allowed to become the first prime minister.
its an effort to make a sardar patel out of pranabda, a congress politician said.
bhupen hazarika ptinanaji deshmukh ptimukherjee joins bidhan chandra roy, mother teresa, satyajit ray, amartya sen and ravishankarprasad as bharat ratnas from bengal.
modi took to twitter immediately after the announcements to laud each of this years awardees.
pranab da is an outstanding statesman of our times.
he has served the nation selflessly and tirelessly for decades, leaving a strong imprint on the nations growth trajectory.
his wisdom and intellect have few parallels.
delighted that he has been conferred the bharat ratna, modi posted.
the songs and music of shri bhupen hazarika are admired by people across generations.
from them radiates the message of justice, harmony and brotherhood.
he popularised indias musical traditions globally.
happy that the bharat ratna has been conferred on bhupen da, modi added.
mukherjee tweeted his gratitude.
it is with a deep sense of humility and gratitude to the people of india that i accept this great honour #bharatratna bestowed upon me.
i have always said and i repeat, that i have got more from the people of our great country than i have given to them.
the veteran leader who shared a dais with bhagwat is now having to share his moment of glory with a sangh veteran.
deshmukh, who had joined the rss inspired by its founder k.b. hedgewar, was later associated with the rss political arm, jana sangh, which evolved into the bjp.
after contesting elections and serving in the janata party-led government of the late 1970s, deshmukh quit active politics in 1980, when he was in his early 60s, and devoted himself to rural development.
he was nominated to the rajya sabha by the nda government in 1999.
nanaji deshmukhs stellar contribution towards rural development showed the way for a new paradigm of empowering those living in our villages.
he is a bharat ratna in the truest sense!
modi tweeted.
among the padma bhushan awardees are malayalam actor mohanlal, who unconfirmed reports say could be a bjp candidate in the general election, and v.k. shunglu, the retired cag who had probed the 2010 commonwealth games scandal that singed the upa government.
the padma shris include former foreign secretary s. jaishankar.
a transgender person, narthaki nataraj, a bharatanatyam practitioner from tamil nadu, was among those who were conferred with the padma shri.
patna collegiate school  the citys oldest school, which has produced alumni like lok nayak jayaprakash narayan  will organise its first alumni meet 179 years after the institution came into existence.
the britons set up the school in dariyapur locality in 1835 to promote education in bihar.
the co-ed school admits students from class ix to xii.
among other famous alumni here are satish kumar jha, actor shatrughan sinha, union law and justice minister ravishankarprasad prasad, retired supreme court judge justice aftab alam, retired patna high court judge justice sudhir kumar kataria, bhojpuri actor kunal and mathematician lalji prasad.
while jp rose to become one of the tallest political leaders, satish kumar jha participated in the quit india movement of august 1942 and was gunned down, along with six other students from different schools, by the british army.
ashok kumar anand, an alumni and now teacher at the school, said: the schools alumni association has decided to celebrate old boys alumni meet on august 10 and we expect many alumni to participate.
brijendra kumar sinha, treasurer of old boys alumni association and an alumni of the 1963 batch, said: all education institutions, big or small, organise alumni meet and it is high time patna collegiate school organised one.
the school never organised an alumni meet because of lack of initiative by the alumni but they have decided to rectify it now.
old boys alumni association president a. k. lal, a famous orthopaedic, said such meets would help restore the schools glory.
the meet would be held at the school premises.
a huge tent would be erected and accommodation would be provided to old alumni coming from outside patna, the state or country.
ajit kumar akela, another alumni and schoolteacher, said: invitation letters would be sent to all living alumni.
various cultural programmes are planned.
oldest alumni would be felicitated.
alumni who are finically strong have decided to provide monetary assistance to develop the school.
bjp leaders mangal pandey (left) and sushil kumar modi at the news meet in patna on friday.
picture by ranjeet kumar dey the spectacular results of the bjp in bihar slamming brakes on the progress of lalu prasads rjd and chief minister nitish kumars jd(u) has strengthened the image of the states bjp leaders.
in bihar, the bjp, fighting against its two opponents  the rjd and the jd(u)  not only stopped them in their tracks but even grabbed about 80 per cent of the total seats.
according to bjp sources, narendra modi is likely to reward bihar leaders for their performance, including many senior leaders.
sources said rajiv pratap rudy, c.p. thakur and ravishankarprasad prasad were likely to be inducted into modis cabinet.
bihar bjp state president mangal pandey said: this time, we expect that a good number of bjp leaders from the state would be inducted into the union cabinet.
though pandey refused to name the leaders who could be inducted into the cabinet, sources said that region and caste equations would be considered while finalising the names from the state.
sources said rudy who defeated heavyweight rabri devi from saran would be accommodated into the cabinet.
rudy was in the vajpayee cabinet and held the civil aviation ministry.
another bjp member likely to be included in the modi cabinet is deputy leader of opposition in the rajya sabha ravishankarprasad prasad.
prasad too had held the position of minister of state in the coal and mines ministry, law and justice ministry and information and broadcasting ministry in the atal bihari vajpayee-led nda government.
apart from inducting key bjp leaders from bihar into modis cabinet, the party victory in the state is also going to give more importance to other senior bjp leaders, especially sushil kumar modi, nand kishore yadav and mangal pandey, under whose leadership the party pulled off a brilliant show.
sources said the bjp was likely to carry forward the hard work of these star leaders in the 2015 assembly elections.
though the bjp wanted to retain these leaders in the state, sushil modi has no problem in working either at the centre or in the state.
modi told the telegraph: as a disciplined soldier of the party, i am ready to accept any responsibility that the party gives me.
after the nda alliance broke up in the state in june last year, sushil, nand kishore and mangal toiled tirelessly by touring each and every constituency in bihar, strongly campaigning against the nitish kumar government.
the trio organised rallies at the block headquarters.
moreover, after the announcement of the election dates, each of the three leaders addressed more than 150 rallies in two months.
sushil alone addressed around 180 public meetings at the block headquarters, nand kishore around 160 and mangal around 147.
nand kishore said: the hard work we have done in the parliamentary elections would be repeated in the assembly elections in 2015.
rahul gandhi outside parliament on tuesday.
(pti) new delhi, april 26: the narendra modi government has decided to dig out a 2010 vvip helicopter deal to attack the congress, signalling that it had no plans to reach out to the opposition in parliament.
the government has decided to field newly nominated rajya sabha mp subramanian swamy to lead the attack against the congress on the deal struck with an anglo-italian company during the upa regime.
the milan court of appeals - equivalent to an indian high court - ruled on april 8 that the rs 3,565-crore agusta-westland contract for the purchase of the choppers to carry vvips involved payoffs to indian officials .
the court said payments through cash and wire transfers were made to the family of former air force chief s.p. tyagi and to him as well.
based on the evidence, it ruled there was reasonable belief that corruption took place.
parliamentary affairs minister m. venkaiah naidu called a meeting on the issue in his chamber this afternoon.
it was attended by bjp president amit shah as well as central ministers arun jaitley, prakash javadekar and rajiv pratap rudy, besides himachal pradesh mp anurag thakur.
the leaders decided that the matter should be promptly raised in the rajya sabha under rule 267 - which requires the suspension of scheduled business to discuss an issue - and under a similar procedure in the lok sabha.
thakur and meenakshi lekhi, the feisty new delhi mp, have given notices in the lower house for the controversy to be discussed.
in the upper house, the bjp hopes that swamy, a known baiter of sonia gandhi and rahul gandhi, would exploit the italian connect to the hilt and corner the congress.
the bjp seems impatient to flag the chopper deal because the milan court order has cited a letter purportedly naming sonia and other congress leaders.
the letter was from a middleman who, according to media reports, was quoted as describing congress president signora gandhi as the driving force behind vip helicopters.
the name of a certain ap also figured in a missive exchanged between two middlemen.
however, the purported letters were produced earlier in an italian lower court which had concluded that no corruption could be proved.
union minister ravishankarprasad prasad set the tone for the bjp's offensive.
the agusta-westland deal is not an isolated case.
it is of a piece with other acts of impropriety committed by upa i and ii.
corruption and lack of polity are integral to the upa's model of governance, he said today.
prasad added: when the italian appellate court has convicted the bribe-givers, why should action not be taken against the bribe-takers in india?
prasad urged former defence minister a.k. antony to reflect on the bribe-takers in his party (the congress), and indicated that the centre would soon order investigations.
the government would expect the cbi to investigate (the criminal angle) rigorously and the ed to undertake a speedy probe into the money laundering charges, the telecom minister said.
asked if the centre had made up its mind to drop all efforts of engaging with the congress to coax its support to pass key bills like those on the gst and land acquisition, a government source said: what is all this about opposition outreaches?
here's a case of blatant corruption.
bjp spokesperson shrikant sharma said the congress will have to pay for its sins, no matter who has done it.
our government has zero tolerance towards corruption because it has proved to be the biggest hurdle to national development.
if there was no agusta-westland and 2g, there would be no droughts, sharma said.
the bjp hopes to re-enact bofors through agusta-westland and defame the gandhis.
the bofors deal had tainted rajiv gandhi, who was cleared of the charges after his death.
but the party's attempts so far to tar sonia and rahul have proved futile because the furthest it could go was to insinuate that sonia's son-in-law robert vadra was involved in questionable land deals in haryana and rajasthan.
even on those specific charges, the two bjp-ruled states have made no headway.
our correspondentsafety lens: school authorities at the meeting in ranchi on tuesday.
(hardeep singh)ranchi: amid growing incidents of campus violence and alleged class humiliation driving students to suicide, south chotanagpur commissioner dinesh kumar mishra read the riot act to representatives of icse and cbse schools during a marathon meeting at the collectorate on tuesday.
in the presence of deputy commissioner manoj kumar and district education and transport mandarins, mishra asked schools to install cctv cameras in adequate numbers, warn teachers against meting out corporal punishment and ensure vehicles ferrying students adhere to supreme court safety guidelines.
the 32-point charter of directives also asked cradles to follow prescribed norms to hire teaching and non-teaching staff, disburse remuneration in accordance with sixth pay commission recommendations and introduce yoga lessons for body-mind harmony.
the checklist mentions mandatory display of textbook requirements on school website by january 31 to stem last-minute rush, immediate introduction of online leave management, a grievance redress system and cashless transaction through uid enrolment.
the ban on sale and purchase of tobacco and liquor near schools was reiterated at the three-hour meeting from noon.
mishra categorically asked the 50-odd representatives present to comply with provisions under the right to education act, which makes reservation of 25 per cent seats for bpl students in private schools mandatory.
he also asked schools to honour a proposed bill to regulate fee structures.
the commissioner was also very particular about safety and security of students.
he asked the managements to ensure that no student was tortured or humiliated in class while emphasising the need for better cctv coverage.
he asked for trained teachers on school buses to ensure safety of children.
all school must complete police verification of their transport staff, shankar said.
the executive magistrate added that a detailed checklist would be forwarded to each of the 50 delhi board schools in ranchi within three days and they would be expected to fulfil the criteria by december 20.
after december 20, inspection will begin and necessary legal action will be taken against those not following the orders, shankar added.
what other areas must schools focus on?
new delhi, july 10 (pti): the telecom ministry is learnt to have cleared the rs 3,500-crore 4g spectrum trading deal between service providers bharti airtel and aircel.
the spectrum trading deal between bharti airtel and aircel was cleared by the telecom minister on july 4, an official source said.
as on july 4, law and it minister ravishankarprasad prasad was in-charge of the telecom ministry.
last week, manoj sinha took charge of the ministry from prasad.
airtel had entered into an agreement with aircel to acquire rights to use the latter's 4g spectrum in eight telecom circles for rs 3,500 crore.
bharti airtel declined to comment when contacted.
bharti airtel in a filing on the bourses today said it had acquired the rights to use 4g spectrum from aircel in six circles.
referring to its earlier intimation regarding acquisition of rights to use 20mhz 2300 band 4g td spectrum from aircel, the filing said: the company is pleased to share that the proposed transaction has successfully concluded for six out of eight circles.
.
.
following the receipt of all necessary approvals and satisfying all conditions (including conditions stated in the spectrum trading guidelines).
the circles are tamil nadu (including chennai), bihar, jammu & kashmir, bengal, assam and northeast.
we shall update the bourses when the transactions for the remaining circles of andhra pradesh and odisha are completed, it said.
sources said the operator was asked to surrender 1.
2mhz spectrum in odisha circle for approval as it breached the spectrum cap limit (after taking into account aircel's spectrum).
the company has surrendered 1.
2mhz spectrum in 1800mhz before the deal was cleared.
in a circle, no player can hold more than 25 per cent of the total spectrum allocated in a particular service area.
activist lawyer prashant bhushan, in a letter on july 8, had demanded that the cbi and the enforcement directorate (ed) immediately freeze the spectrum held by aircel, alleging that its malaysian parent maxis will abscond if the proposed deals with airtel and reliance communications are allowed to go through.
the cbi has filed a detailed chargesheet against aircel/maxis and its malaysian owner t. ananda krishnan.
even the ed has filed cases against them and attached properties of former telecom minister dayanidhi maran, but not that of maxis, the letter said.
maxis communications holds 74 per cent in aircel, while the rest is with sindya securities and investments.
in august 2014, the cbi had filed the chargesheet with a 2g special court, alleging that maran had entered into criminal conspiracy with ananda krishnan and forced chennai-based telecom promoter c. sivasankaran to sell his stake in aircel to ananda krishnan in lieu of investments by maxis group into sun direct tv (owned by the maran brothers).
our special correspondentravi shankar prasad at a media briefing on the congress-cambridge analytica link.
source: twitternew delhi: minister ravishankarprasad prasad on wednesday warned social media platforms such as facebook of stringent action if they tried to misuse data to influence elections in india and alleged that the congress had links with cambridge analytica, the company accused of influencing elections in many countries.
mr mark zuckerberg, you better note the observation of the it minister of india.
we welcome the fb profile in india, but if any data theft of indians is done through collusion of fb systems, it shall not be tolerated.
we have got stringent power in the it act, we shall use it, including summoning you to india, prasad said.
the minister's warning came in the light of revelations in a channel 4 documentary about cambridge analytica being involved in data theft to influence elections in many countries.
prasad also referred to the probe by the us privacy watchdog and british lawmakers into a potential breach of user confidentiality by facebook.
we fully support freedom of press, speech and expression and free exchange of ideas on social media.
but any attempt, covert or overt, by social media, including facebook, to try to influence india's electoral process through undesirable means will not be tolerated, prasad asserted.
asked if the government would start a probe of data use by facebook, he said the administration would surely inquire if there were specific complaints.
we have a very robust mechanism and we will look into it.
but today.
.
.
let my warning be heard across the atlantic far away in california, the minister said.
prasad's main target, however, was the congress, which betrayed concerns in the bjp over the rival's successful social media campaign.
he accused the congress of online data theft in association with cambridge analytica.
my question to the congress is whether to win elections the party will depend on data manipulation and theft of data.
what is the role of cambridge analytica in the social media profile of rahul gandhi?
he said.
citing media reports, he said cambridge analytica had been roped in by the congress to run their 2019 campaign and alleged the company used bribes and sex workers to entrap politicians and steal data from facebook.
prasad asked several questions of the congress and sought to know how much data trade the party had with cambridge analytica for the recent gujarat and northeast elections and also the upcoming karnataka polls.
how many times did rahul gandhi and cambridge's now-sacked ceo alexander nix meet and what did they discuss?
he asked.
the bjp's it wing posted similar questions on social media.
after the congress firmly denied hiring the services of cambridge analytica and accused the bjp of having used the services of the agency, the ruling party fielded spokesperson sambit patra.
screenshots of the company's website claiming it had managed four elections for the bjp were also posted by twitter users.
later, the web page making the claim was not available on the internet.
patra denied any association between the bjp and analytica.
he said more than 1,000 websites and thousands of individuals had claimed credit for the bjp's 2014 victory.
lok sabha member shashi tharoor has filed a criminal defamation case against union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad for saying the congress mp has been chargesheeted in a serious allegation of murder.
the telegraph file picturelok sabha member shashi tharoor has filed a criminal defamation case against union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad for saying the congress mp has been chargesheeted in a serious allegation of murder.
prasad had made the statement at a media conference on october 28 in new delhi when he launched an attack on tharoor for a speech he made at the bangalore literary festival a day earlier.
while introducing his latest book the paradoxical prime minister, tharoor had said in bangalore: theres an extraordinarily striking metaphor expressed by an unnamed rss source to the journalist mr vinod k. jose of the caravan.
the rss source said modi is like a scorpion sitting on a shiva linga.
you cannot remove him with your hand and you cannot hit it with a chappal either.
in his reaction the following day, prasad had lashed out at the mp by seeking an explanation from congress president rahul gandhi for the comment.
mr shashi tharoor is chargesheeted in a serious allegation of murder.
i dont want to give him more respect and prestige by responding to his baseless allegations, prasad had told a media conference in new delhi.
a copy of the video has been filed with the petition.
on the same day, prasad had tweeted: shashi tharoor who is accused in a murder case has attempted to disrespect lord shiva.
the reference to murder is being viewed against the backdrop of the death of tharoors wife sunanda pushkar in 2004.
in his petition, tharoor said the report filed before a delhi court by delhi police has charge-sheeted him under ipc sections 306 (abetment of suicide) and 498a (cruelty to women), none of which amounts to a murder case as had been accused by prasad.
the petitioner made a plea that prasad had committed an offence under section 499 of the ipc (defamation).
the final report does not say that the death of the deceased was a murder.
as such, the complainant is facing the trial and is ready to prove his innocence before the court of law, said the petition filed before chief judicial magistrate in thiruvananthapuram on december 7.
the petitioner stated that the video clip makes it abundantly clear that the accused purposefully lied to the public with culpable and malicious intention to defame tharoor.
tharoor contended that the minister made the statement to gain political mileage ahead of next years lok sabha elections.
at any rate, the intention and purpose behind the accuseds false and baseless imputations against the complainant is clearly to harm, tarnish and malign his reputation and to destroy the impeccable image that the complainant enjoys among the public, especially in view of the oncoming lok sabha elections, the petition said.
tharoor had last year filed a similar criminal defamation case against editor-in-chief of republic tv arnab goswami.
he had accused goswami of linking him with the death of his wife.
the chief judicial magistrate of thiruvananthapuram had recently summoned goswami to appear before the court on february 28 in connection with the defamation case.
the telecom regulatory authority of india (trai) today issued a consultation paper proposing mandatory sharing of infrastructure between mobile service providers to enhance signal strength inside buildings.
mobile operators and analysts contend that one of the main reasons for call drops is poor signal strength inside offices and houses as the density of buildings in indian cities is higher than developed countries.
in-building solutions use simple technology such as signal boosters and repeaters to ensure better coverage deep inside buildings, basements as well as on the top floors of high rises, airports, corporate offices and hotels.
in its consultation paper, trai said a tsp (telecom service providers), who has established cable network or in-building solution for mobile coverage inside a building, can share its infrastructure with other willing tsps at reasonable and non-discriminatory charges.
telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad had earlier urged telecom service providers to utilise in-building solutions to improve network strength to ensure lower call drops.
trai has asked industry stakeholders to consider whether this issue should be left to market forces without policy intervention.
the other issue for debate is whether sharing of telecom infrastructure inside a residential or commercial complex among service providers be encouraged or made mandatory.
trai also proposed that the national building code of india could be amended to create a one-time common telecommunication infrastructure, that is telecom ducts to reach the buildings, which could be used by any service provider for laying cables.
bjp mp ganesh singh (l) shouting slogans as congress mps ambika soni, sunil kumar jakhar and others protest against modi government during the budget session at parliament house in new delhi on friday.
pti picturenew delhi, apr 6 (agencies): the ruling bharatiya janata party and the opposition congress on friday continued a tussle that had paralysed the second half of parliaments budget session, which ended today.
the bjp was the first off the mark, with prime minister narendra modi announcing on friday at his partys foundation day that bjp members of parliament would fast on april 12 to protest the washout of the sessions second half, which he blamed on the congress and the opposition.
the congress reacted fast and on a larger scale, announcing that its workers at all state and district headquarters would go on a fast on april 9, or three days before the bjps programme.
according to parliaments website, in the second half of the budget session from march 5, productivity was just four per cent in the lok sabha and eight per cent in the rajya sabha.
prime minister modi also asked his mps to ensure total implementation of seven government welfare schemes for villages.
the bjp has already announced a gram swaraj abhiyan between april 14 and may 5.
at a press conference here, union minister ananth kumar quoted modi as having accused the opposition, especially the congress, of practising divisive and negative politics.
modi was quoted as saying that the opposition was disrupting parliament because it has been left with no issues.
the congress retorted by accusing the government of not letting parliament function.
it dismissed as a gimmick an earlier decision by nda mps to forgo their salary for the 23 days that parliament could not function.
mallikarjun kharge, the congress partys senior leader in the lok sabha, and anand sharma, a senior spokesperson, said their mps had met the rajya sabha chairman requesting him that the house should not be prorogued so that it can be reconvened for two more weeks to discuss issues of national importance as they could not be taken up due to disruptions.
prime minister naredra modi, l.k. advani, rajnath singh and ravishankarprasad prasad at bjp parliamentary board meeting in new delhi on friday.
picture by prem singhsharma said congress president rahul gandhi has announced a plan to hold a fast at all district headquarters to help promote peace, brotherhood and harmony in the country.
he alleged that the bjp and rss were spreading hatred in society through their divisive agenda.
the congress will expose it.
kharge alleged that it was the government and its allies who were disrupting the lok sabha and questioned why members causing disturbance were not suspended and the no-confidence motions taken up for discussion.
the government and its allies were orchestrating disruptions and blaming the congress for it, kharge said.
meanwhile, the bjp said it will observe the birth anniversary of jyotiba phule, a social reformer who came from a backward caste, on april 11 as equality day.
the mps have been asked to organise events to mark the birth anniversary of bhimrao ambedkar, a dalit icon, on april 14.
anath kumar quoted modi as saying that mps should also focus on about 20,844 villages where scheduled castes and tribes account for over half the population.
all bjp mps will spend a night in these villages while ministers will spend two nights in different parts of the country.
dipak mishrathe jdu poster in patna.
picture by nagendra kumar singhpatna: chief minister nitish kumar's jdu has put up a huge poster at the income tax roundabout here, advertising the 160th anniversary of veer kuer singh's victory over british forces in 1857.
most of the leaders smiling out of the poster are rajputs by caste.
using icons for caste support is not new in bihar.
but what is new is the scale at which anniversaries of icons are being celebrated on caste lines, and the new caste icons.
nobody is spared; mahatma gandhi's portrait is being used in programmes sponsored by the vaishya caste, and sardar vallabhbhai patel has become handy for kurmis.
sahajanand saraswati was one of the greatest farmer leaders of the 20th century and yet today his anniversary is being celebrated only by organisations led by bhumihar political leaders.
same goes for national poet ramdhari singh dinkar and bihar's first cm sri krishna sinha, remarked senior rjd leader shivanand tiwari.
this trend has increased after 2014.
the newest caste icon to have emerged in recent years is emperor asoka, who was declared a kushwaha by no less a person than union minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
more recently, lord parshuram's birthday was observed with fanfare by brahmin groups.
a senior congress leader even rebuked the nitish government for forgetting the anniversary and declared that the government did not care for brahmins.
the freedom fighter jubba sahni is also a new icon to woo the mallahs.
asked why there is a renewed rush among politicians and political groups to celebrate caste icons, a veteran leader said: perhaps they have nothing positive to give to the caste and are therefore falling back on eulogising their icons.
the tentacles of caste reach deep in bihar.
when the opposition demanded sacking of chief secretary anjani kumar singh, two ruling party leaders from singh's caste came out in his defence.
in the name of caste, a procession was taken out in muzaffarpur in support of suspended ssp vivek kumar.
the bill will amend the aadhaar act 2016 and replace an ordinance issued in march.
it also proposes stiff penalties for the violation of norms.
(shutterstock)a bill to allow the voluntary use of aadhaar as an identity proof to open bank accounts and procure mobile phone connections was introduced in the lok sabha on monday amid opposition.
the bill will amend the aadhaar act 2016 and replace an ordinance issued in march.
it also proposes stiff penalties for the violation of norms.
critics said given limited alternatives, the aadhaar was likely to become the defacto identifier at banks and mobile outlets, with serious implications for data privacy and security.
opposing the bill, rsp mp n.k. premchandaran said the was a grave violation of the supreme courts judgment on aadhaar.
he claimed private entities can get hold of aadhaar data and violate the right to privacy.
in his reply to premchandran, it minister ravishankarprasad prasad said aadhaar was a valid law, in national interest and did not violate privacy.
aadhaar is in the national interest and it does not infringe privacyi want to convince that there is no compulsory compliance.
sim cards can be taken with or without aadhaar, prasad told the lok sabha members.
he said so far more than 60 crore people have taken sim cards through aadhaar.
the bill proposes to allow the voluntary use of the aadhaar number for authentication and for identity proof in the opening of bank accounts and in the procuring of mobile connections.
the bill proposes penalty of up to rs 1 crore on entities that violate the provisions of the aadhaar act, with an additional fine of up to rs 10 lakh per day in case of continuous non-compliance.
similarly, the unauthorised use of identity information by a requesting entity or an offline verification-seeking entity would be punishable with imprisonment of up to three years.
besides, there will be a fine that may extend to rs 1 lakh for companies.
.
the punishment for unauthorised access to the central identities data repository as well as data tampering is proposed to be extended to 10 years each from the current three years.
exit option at 18the bill also seeks to give a child an option to exit from the biometric id programme on attaining 18 years of age.
the bill paves the way for the use of alternative virtual identity number to conceal the actual aadhaar number.
the bill also proposes the deletion of section 57 of the aadhaar act, relating to the use of a biometric identifier by private entities.
no denial of servicethe amendment will prevent the denial of services by any entity for refusing to, or being unable to, undergo authentication.
the proposed amendments provide for the establishment of unique identification authority of india fund and confers enhanced regulator-like power on the uidai.
srinagar, may 27: the lone union minister from jammu and kashmir was today reported as saying the process of repealing article 370 had begun, triggering controversy on narendra modis first day in office as prime minister.
media reports quoted debutant mp jitendra singh, a surprise choice for junior minister in the prime ministers office, as saying the article had done more harm than good to the state by giving it a special status.
the process of repealing article 370 has started.
we are speaking to all stakeholders, he was quoted as saying in delhi, angering both the ruling national conference and the opposition peoples democratic party here.
jitendra apparently said that modis intention, when he offered a debate on article 370 during a jammu trip last december, was to convince the unconvinced about its disadvantages.
he said the article had erected a psychological barrier between the state and the rest of country.
late tonight, the minister issued a statement saying he had been misquoted.
i have never said anything quoting the honourable prime minister.
the controversy is totally baseless, he said.
the government too sought to play the controversy down.
we will take a call.
you saw what we said during the (election) campaign.
the government will take a structured view, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said.
article 370 allows jammu and kashmir a separate flag, constitution and penal code and bars outsiders from buying property or participating in the assembly polls.
abrogating it has been one of the bjps oldest and most hawkish positions but its 2014 manifesto said the process of scrapping the article would not move without discussions with all stakeholders.
jitendra was quoted as saying that contact programmes would be held with every section of society in the state on the subject.
so the new mos pmo says process/discussions to revoke article 370 have started.
wow, that was a quick beginning.
not sure who is talking, chief minister omar abdullah tweeted.
mark my words & save this tweet  long after modi government is a distant memory either j&k wont be part of india or art 370 will still exist .
article 370 is the only constitutional link between j&k & rest of india.
talk of revocation not just ill informed its irresponsible.
peoples democratic party president mehbooba mufti, who had in recent weeks been praising the bjp-led coalition, urged modi to rein jitendra in.
the irresponsible utterances on article 370 should stop immediately as these can have serious repercussions in j&k besides having the potential of spoiling the atmosphere of inclusiveness and peace, she said.
awami ittihaad party president sheikh abdul rashid said jitendras statement underlined that the bjp was not serious about solving the kashmir dispute and was trying to assert itself aggressively.
the reality should now be crystal clear to those who had spun weird dreams out of the nawaz sharif-modi talks and tried to hoodwink the masses by pinning false hopes on these talks, he said.
jitendra, a doctor turned politician who defeated ghulam nabi azad from jammus udhampur parliamentary seat, is just two years old in politics.
he joined the bjp in 2012.
he had risen to prominence in 2008 during the pro-amarnath land agitation in jammu, when he was appointed spokesperson for the shri amarnath sangharsh samiti, which spearheaded the campaign.
there was a counter agitation in the valley against the allotment of land to the amarnath shrine board.
the protests ran for months and dozens were killed in the valley in firing by the security forces.
the samiti was accused of enforcing an economic blockade on kashmir.
new delhi, dec.
15 (pti): the government on friday approved a draft law under which the practice of giving instant triple talaq would be made illegal and void and would attract a jail term of three years for the husband, a government functionary has said.
the draft 'muslim women protection of rights on marriage bill' was considered by the union cabinet which gave its nod, the functionary said.
the draft was prepared by an inter-ministerial group headed by home minister rajnath singh.
the other members were external affairs minister sushma swaraj, finance minister arun jaitley, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad and his junior in the ministry p.p.chaudhary.
the proposed law would only be applicable on instant triple talaq or 'talaq-e-biddat' and it would give power to the victim to approach a magistrate seeking subsistence allowance for herself and minor children.
sanjay k. jhajodhpur: members of the dalit community protest in the rajasthan city on monday during the bharat bandh against dilution of sc/st (prevention of atrocities) act by the supreme court.
(pti)new delhi: the congress on monday said the government's refusal to assure the most oppressed sections that the legal framework to ensure their safety and dignity wouldn't be weakened was to blame for the nation-wide turmoil that has left nine persons dead.
the party said the government didn't heed its demand for a review of the supreme court's march 20 order on that day itself and no minister had asserted that a dilution of the sc/st (prevention of atrocities) act wasn't acceptable.
we held demonstrations and opposition parties petitioned the president but there was total silence.
had they acted in time, nobody would have called a bharat bandh and no lives would have been lost, congress leader ghulam nabi azad told a media conference.
ahmedabad: dalits hold wooden sticks and shout slogans in the gujarat city during the bharat bandhon monday.
(ap)party communications chief randeep surjewala said the government is solely responsible for today's incidents and the death of seven persons.
two more persons died late in the evening, taking the toll to nine.
azad and party colleague mallikarjun kharge flayed union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad for misleading the nation by claiming that the government was not a party in the proceedings at all before the bench.
on march 20, the court had ruled that competent authorities would have to give their sanction before public servants or other citizens could be arrested under the act.
till then, complaints under the law led to immediate arrest.
lucknow: dalits protest during the bandh in the uttar pradesh capital on monday.
(pti)azad and kharge said justices adarsh k. goel and uday u. lalit had specifically asked the attorney-general to be present in the court but the government took it lightly and deliberately did not send the law officer.
the solicitor-general, they added, refused to appear and an additional solicitor-general who was sent made weak submissions.
kharge said maharashtra's bjp government was a direct respondent in the case but it too didn't argue, as everyone in the party wanted the court to remove the sting from the act.
they send top law officers to even district courts to appear against opposition leaders.
but nothing was done to protect the rights of one-fourth of the (country's) population, azad said.
allahabad: dalits protest in allahabad on monday.
(afp)this government is not interested in the welfare of dalits, tribals and minorities.
atrocities against these sections increased sharply after 2014; lynchings started on the streets of many states.
the government's intention was clear in the hyderabad case, he added, alluding to scholar rohith vemula's suicide.
kharge said the review petition the centre has filed now was useless as it would go before the same bench and was most likely to be rejected.
instead of fooling the people, the government should immediately bring a bill to nullify the effect of the verdict, he said.
or, the government should file a curative petition in which all issues can be reopened and discussed or the case should be heard by a full constitution bench.
shimla: dalits protest in the himachal pradesh capital on monday.
(pti)congress president rahul gandhi tweeted: it is in the dna of rss-bjp to keep dalits at the bottom of societal hierarchy.
those who challenge this thinking are crushed by violence.
thousands of dalit brothers and sisters are today on the streets, fighting against the narendra modi government for their rights.
we salute them.
surjewala wondered why the government did not act despite the opposition outcry since march 20.
this is because of their divisive politics.
first they divided hindus and muslims and now they are dividing dalits and non-dalits.
prime minister narendra modi chose not to speak on the issue at all.
sanjeev kumar vermaunion minister ravishankarprasad prasad and other bjp leaders pay tribute to dr br ambedkar on the eve of his 127th birth anniversary in patna on friday.
(nagendra kumar singh)patna: the bjp on friday claimed to be the party which cares for the interests of dalits and also launched a frontal attack on one of the most prominent dalit leaders of the country, maintaining that those winning elections with votes of dalits had tampered with the law that safeguarded the community against atrocities.
the party claimed that the opposition was playing with the interests of dalits in the name of giving reservation benefits to lower caste communities from other faiths.
leading the charge was union minister for law and justice ravishankarprasad prasad, who spoke at length on these issues during a media interaction and also during a programme organised by the bjp scheduled caste cell.
during his media interaction, prasad elaborated on the points that were introduced by the narendra modi government in the sc/st (prevention of atrocities) act in 2016 to give the law more teeth.
he then attacked dalit leader and bahujan samaj party chief mayawati.
prasad claimed that two circulars issued by the uttar pradesh government in 2007 when mayawati was the chief minister had weakened the provisions of the act.
reading out the two circulars, dated may 20, 2007 and october 29, 2007, the union minister said that it also talked of rape victims from dalit communities and stated that any action should be initiated only after getting the medical report.
countering the opposition's charges on the bjp after the recent directive of the supreme court on the act, prasad said that the central government had not been made a party in the case.
as soon as the apex court decision came, the centre studied the judgment and readied its reply within five days, but it took 11 days to file the review petition because there was a six-day holiday in the court, prasad said.
the union minister also played the hindu card during his interaction.
he raised questions over the demand from some corners to give reservation to dalit muslims and christians.
the constitution clearly states that such reservation can be given to dalits from hindu, buddhist and sikh communities.
if the same facility is given to dalits from other faiths they would eat into the reservation benefits being given to the dalit hindus, he said.
later, speaking at the programme organised by the bjp's scheduled caste cell, prasad raised a similar issue.
he stated that the narendra modi government has changed the affidavit submitted by the erstwhile upa government in which minority status had been given to two varsities - jamia millia islamia and aligarh muslim university as they were getting central funds.
we changed the affidavit because if these universities would retain minority status the reservation facility could not be given to the sc/sts there, the union minister declared.
sudhir kumar mishraranchi: as many as 12 quacks, who were arrested on tuesday in hazaribagh after the deputy commissioner laid an elaborate trap four months ago, were sent to jail on wednesday while six others detained with them for posing as doctors and prescribing medicines, have been given time to prove their credentials.
the fraudsters were picked up by district administration officials led by subdivisional officer aditya ranjan from various nursing homes across the district.
they are currently lodged in hazaribagh's loknayak jaiprakash narayan central jail.
most of the arrested have mbbs degrees in alternative medicines.
but they claimed themselves as mbbs doctors and prescribed allopathic medicines.
one of them is a compounder.
some of them were even popular as malaria and typhoid specialists, ranjan told the telegraph.
sources said hazaribagh deputy commissioner ravishankarprasad had laid a trap to catch these quacks around 4 months ago.
his messengers disguised as patients visited the quacks from time to time and returned with prescriptions.
senior doctors have expressed shock after seeing the prescriptions.
shankar did not involve health department officials while raiding illegal nursing homes.
he instead held a meeting with health officials while the raids were on.
we have prescriptions of another 30 suspected quacks.
this is a big menace here.
they are playing with the lives of people, sdo ranjan added.
on april 25, a newborn boy died of injuries after a quack surgically removed his genitals allegedly to prove right his prediction of a girl child, the bizarre tragedy in chatra's itkhori underscoring the urgent need to monitor mushrooming private nursing homes across the state.
an fir was lodged against dr anuj kumar based on the complaint of the bereaved couple, guriya devi and anil panda.
itkhori oc ashok ram on wednesday said kumar and his aides were still at large.
om nursing home, where the newborn died, remains sealed since then.
simdega deputy commissioner jata shankar choudhary held a meeting with officials of the district administration and health department on wednesday to work out modalities to check the menace of quacks and the sprouting of illegal nursing homes.
they will be dealt with iron hands, he added.
ranchi civil surgeon dr s.s. harijan confirmed having getting directives from the state government to take action against quacks and illegal nursing homes.
i have asked my officials to be vigilant, especially in the rural areas of the district, he added.
with yet another anniversary of the babri masjid vandalism approaching, narendra modi is presented with an opportunity to re-establish his authority as the caring and responsible prime minister of all indians.
that means eschewing partisan positions and throwing his full weight behind a permanent solution for the ayodhya dispute that none of the claimants dare question.
he will go down to posterity then as the man who solved the problem congress created.
one of the most positive aspects of modis tenure as chief minister of gujarat provoked the states vishwa hindu parishad president, dilip patel, to thunder about a vicious attack on hindu culture and beliefs.
of course, modis action and the vhp response may have been part of the sangh parivars power struggle with bharatiya janata party rebels rallying to the mahagujarat janata party and the vhps ashwin patel arrested for sedition because of text messages allegedly criticizing modi.
whatever the motivation, even gujarats congress chief, siddharth patel, complained that more than 250 temples were razed to the ground while  and this was truly rich  modis co-workers accused him of turning a blind eye to similarly illegal muslim structures.
not unexpectedly, the chief ministers action provoked protests and petitions against police and municipal high-handedness.
one charge was that while modest street-corner shrines were demolished, the big boys were left untouched.
reprehensible though that was, it was also a demonstration of pragmatism that encourages the hope that this time, too, the prime minister will realize that despite propagandist flourishes, his governments credibility is seriously at stake.
it may think it can brazen out the controversies surrounding the rafale deal, reserve bank of india and central bureau of investigation, but the impact abroad will not be offset by making a song and dance of the romance of an ayodhya princess queening it over a legendary korean kingdom and other fables that loom large in the folklore that passes for religion with the bjps rank and file.
if imagination is allowed to run riot again with historical reality, our chauvinists yearning for the wonder that was india before the muslims spoilt it all might insist that ayutthaya near bangkok, relic of a medieval siamese kingdom, is hindu territory.
by that same token, his majesty rama x, otherwise king maha vajiralongkorn of thailand, can be claimed as a vassal.
through no fault of his own, one mythic god-king has created enough trouble for the country and its people.
whatever the supreme court rules, enforcement will depend entirely on modi.
no government can hide forever behind the skirts of the judiciary.
no court verdict can possibly satisfy all the claimants and the authors of the 14 appeals (theres some duplication here with the sunni central waqf board and hindu mahasabha also appealing) against the allahabad high courts 2:1 majority verdict of september 30, 2010 that the 2.
77 acres (of which the babri masjid occupied only 1,500 square metres) should be divided equally among the sunni central waqf board, nirmohi akhara and ram lalla.
had india been a more law-abiding nation, people might eventually have buckled down to an unpalatable court verdict.
but the sabarimala temple rumpus confirms that judges are not regarded as the final arbiters in matters of faith and tradition.
there have been many thinly-veiled warnings already by politicians like bihars giriraj singh, a minister of state at the centre, and uttar pradeshs adityanath that peace and harmony will be at risk if the verdict is not to their liking.
one fear is a repetition of the riots that spread in 1993.
another is that saffron militancy might take an even more aggressive form and ignore the 1991 places of worship (special provisions) act which froze the ownership of all places of worship, other than the ramjanmabhoomi-babri masjid, as on august 15, 1947.
if that happens, the sangh parivars next target might be the gyanvapi mosque next to the kashi vishwanath temple in varanasi.
while muslims have been extraordinarily silent so far, that does not mean they will not explode in a suicidal protest if the saffron brigades campaign seems like moving towards a final solution.
lynching episodes in the name of cow protection, attacking inter-religion romance, the physical assault of critics of hindutva, including swami agnivesh in jharkhand, and the concerted demonization of muslims since may 2014 are straws in an ominous wind.
the rashtriya swayamsevak sanghs mohan bhagwat inadvertently indicated a way out when he suggested the government should enact a law or pass an ordinance to circumvent legal delays.
he, of course, meant that a ram bhakt government like modis (quoting the vhps alok kumar) can use its power only to achieve the end on which his organization has set its heart.
it would be inconceivable for bhagwat that the prime minister might consider anything other than the grand mandir of the rsss dreams.
but as adityanath senses, the government has undertaken wide consultations to find an alternative solution.
although the all india muslim personal law board has rejected the out of court settlement that the art of living founder, ravishankarprasad , mooted, two sunni petitioners have endorsed the plea.
the recent suggestion of a buddhist monastery by savitri bai phule, a bjp member of the lok sabha from up, recalls the writ petition by an ayodhya resident, vineet kumar maurya, asking the government to declare the disputed land ayodhya buddha vihar under the ancient monuments and archaeological sites and remains act, 1958.
called saket, ayodhya was an important buddhist centre in ancient times, as the archaeological survey noted in 1862-63.
this could be blended with other proposals for a non-denominational garden of remembrance.
there is no reason to suppose modi thinks differently from the sadhus, sants and kar sevaks whose shrill rhetoric dominates the ayodhya dialogue.
but the responsibility of office sets him apart from the strident rabble.
his extravagant statue of unity was seen as an indication of a desire for a mainstream lineage transcending the saffron lobby.
as a shrewd strategist, he knows how the world reacts.
he is aware of south indias coolness on the ayodhya issue and of his partys weakness in the rajya sabha.
he may not publicly discourage rakesh sinha, the rss ideologue and bjp member of the rajya sabha, from introducing a private members bill to construct a ram temple but he may not do anything to achieve that end.
temples are best left to enthusiasts like asansols trinamul congress mayor, jitendra kumar tiwari, who has vowed to build 10 before the next chhath puja.
modis task is to decide on the best use of the disputed site without stirring up further strife or damaging indias reputation as a responsible nuclear power and potential global force.
the need as the lok sabha election approaches is not to try to distract public attention with fables that are swallowed only by the most gullible but to take concrete action to restore confidence in the governments ability not only to provide the basic essentials but raise the standard of living.
gimmicks wont achieve this.
changing the base year and means of calculating the gross domestic product was one such ploy to suddenly project a vastly improved economy.
banning rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes (thus, withdrawing 86 per cent of the money in circulation) was another.
a third, the goods and services tax, was a measure modi had opposed in gujarat and whose haphazard implementation has provoked complaints of confusion and losses among many sections of the business community.
given these challenges, a rational leader needs to look beyond electoral calculations to the long-term national interest.
a non-denominational garden of remembrance at ayodhya dedicated to the buddha may not wish away difficulties.
but it will not compound problems, as every other formula to solve the ayodhya dispute will.
it will also entitle narendra modi to claim to have upstaged p.v. narasimha rao.
verbal duel there is good news for those who have been complaining about the soporific nature of the proceedings in the upper house.
things are all set to be spiced up a bit, thanks to a unique brother-in-law duel.
the bharatiya janata party has appointed its chief spokesperson, ravishankarprasad prasad, as the new deputy leader of the opposition.
his brother-in-law, rajiv shukla, a congress mp, is already the minister of state for parliamentary affairs.
both men are known to possess a razor-sharp wit, and are fiercely loyal to their respective parties.
they are hence expected to set the house on fire with their verbal jabs and repartees.
prasads elevation came at the expense of ss ahluwalia, who failed to make the cut for the rajya sabha.
poor ahluwalia: he is now set to miss the fireworks that are expected to take place sooner than later.
clever moves a cabinet reshuffle is on the cards.
expectedly, mps from the dravida munnetra kazhagam are now engaged in intense jockeying to gain plum ministerial posts.
tr baalu, in his desperation to placate the gandhi family, visited anand bhavan  the ancestral seat of the nehru-gandhis  in allahabad and started clicking photographs.
when he was asked about his newfound love for the camera, he reportedly confessed that this was a part of the strategy to endear himself to the people who matter.
meanwhile, shiva went all the way to jallianwala bagh and sat in a dharna after complaining that the civic facilities of the historic site were not up to the mark.
messrs baalu and shiva are now hoping that they will be able to savour the fruits of their hard labour once the cabinet reshuffle takes place.
travel plans having won the presidential poll, pranab mukherjee is now busy with the invitations that are raining on him.
didi has already asked dada to choose bengal over the rest when it comes to his maiden presidential visit.
nitish kumar will have none of it.
kumar, who had backed mukherjees candidature even though he is a part of the national democratic alliance, wants him to visit bihar first so that he is able to pay his respect to the rajendra prasad memorial.
mukherjee himself is keen to play host at a grand iftaar party at the rashtrapati bhavan.
this event is supposed to be attended by numerous diplomats from the middle east, south asia and africa who are keen to utilize the opportunity to interact with the new president.
another invitation that has piqued mukherjees interests has come all the way from london.
mukherjee has been requested to attend the closing ceremony of the olympics and a gala dinner at the buckingham palace which will be hosted by the queen for heads of state.
a number of scribes said to be close to the president are equally happy with the flood of invitations.
they now have a good chance to be a part of the presidential entourage and hope to travel the country and the world.
crisis remains the president has a busy schedule.
congressmen have been kept on their toes too, albeit for a different reason.
ever since pranab mukherjees departure, party leaders have been on the lookout for someone who could fill the post of trouble shooter.
even on the day mukherjee was scheduled to take oath as the president, sonia gandhi and manmohan singh were kept busy dousing the fire that had been lit by sharad pawar.
congress leaders are hoping that the search for a trouble shooter will end soon.
otherwise, they fear that they might be forced to make the trip to raisina hill to seek the advice of the wise man himself.
summing up the situation succinctly, a wise congress leader was heard saying,  the crisis manager has gone to raisina hill but the crisis remains.
two faces at a press conference, rajnath singh castigated the united progressive alliance for its handling of the economy.
he reeled off figures to show that the government had failed to check price rise, which has affected the farming community adversely.
after the question-answer session got over, he invited the journos to join him for lunch.
the spread was a lavish affair, and included a number of delectable sweets.
but even sweet-toothed scribes did not fail to notice the irony of organizing a lavish spread after arguing that price rise and drought had affected the aam admi in an adverse manner.
footnotesweet memories with bebo for company, life is certainly beautiful.
but we arent talking about the chhote nawab here.
horror of horrors, the man in question in this context is arjun rampal.
rampal got an opportunity to act with saif ali khans girlfriend, kareena kapoor, for madhur bhandarkars upcoming movie, heroine.
the lucky actor even managed to bag a role that would require him to do some intimate scenes with kareena.
rampal has described his experience in the following words:  whenever im in a bad mood, i close my eyes and go back to those few beautiful moments i had with kareena.
they are going to stay with me for the rest of my life.
it is a pity that rampal decided not to say anything more.
not just saif but mehr jessia, rampals wife, would have been all ears.
modi seeks his mothers blessings before starting his fast in ahmedabad on saturday.
(pti) ahmedabad, sept.
17 (pti): narendra modi today held up gujarat as a model for the world and said the state had scaled new heights by building a ladder of development out of the stones thrown at its people.
but critics hit back, saying his fast was meant solely to build a ladder for his own political ascent.
we (gujarat) will be a model for the world on how development can be achieved with peace, harmony and brotherhood, the chief minister said.
the day is not far when gujarats model of peace, unity and harmony will be discussed across the country and the world.
modi, who turned 62 today, received birthday blessings from his mother before beginning the fast.
he sat flanked by senior bjp leaders, punjabs akali dal chief minister parkash singh badal and two mps from left ally aiadmk.
in between the speeches praising him came a dash of symbolism when groups of muslim men, women and girls mounted the dais to greet him.
unity, peace and harmony have a major role to play in our success, our development.
because we (gujarat) have treaded this path.
.
.
i wanted this message to reach out to the people.
.
.
this fast was the best means to do so, modi said.
six crore gujaratis have gone through a lot of penance to ensure (this).
if i fast, my words would carry more weight and i would be able to reach out to more people.
this was the only objective behind the fast and he bore no grudge against anybody, modi claimed.
he said the success of his sadbhavna mission would mean an end to vote-bank politics carried out in the name of secularism.
this fast is not against anybody and i dont want to speak about anybody.
.
.
.
may god give me strength to not have any bitterness or vengeance ever for anyone, he said.
gujarat wants to move forward.
we want to be in service of india.
the chief minister said the entire country and the world was discussing the development in gujarat, be it in industry, agriculture, rural development, education or health.
even the world bank says that if a nation faces a disaster like the 2001 earthquake, it would take them at least seven years to rebuild, but the state did this in three years.
l.k. advani, rajnath singh, arun jaitley, ravishankarprasad prasad, muktar abbas naqvi and rajiv pratap rudy were on the dais along with badal, who said the whole of india looked up to modi when it came to governance and development.
advani advised the country to follow modi in adopting zero tolerance towards terrorism and corruption while jaitley said: in the next few months, each and every word of what modi has said would be analysed.
no one, though, came from long-time bjp ally janata dal (united), whose president sharad yadav was dismissive: seventy to 80 per cent of people (live on) rs 20 a day; 80 per cent people fast daily.
.
.
.
nobody talks about them.
.
.
.
the mahatmas great-grandson, tushar gandhi, accused modi of trying to build a ladder to delhi, saying: there is only self-publicity and me, myself in this fast.
congress spokesperson rashid alvi said: a fast cannot change anyones character.
a fast does not lessen modis crimes.
the congress staged a counter-fast, led by shankersinh vaghela, on a pavement near the sabarmati ashram.
bjp leader l.k. advani addresses a public meeting during his jan chetna yatra at kamareddy in andhra pradesh on wednesday.
(pti) guwahati, oct.
19: bjp leader l.k. advanis jan chetna yatra against corruption will reach guwahati tomorrow with the objective of calling dispurs bluff on the indo-bangla land swap deal and the breakdown of law and order in the state.
these issues figure prominently among the talking points finalised by the state bjp for the senior party leader, who is on a nationwide yatra to expose corruption under the congress-led regime in the country.
this is an indication that the party would be raising both the issues in one form or the other during the winter session of parliament in november despite congress spirited defence of the deal in the one-day special session of the assembly on monday.
talking to the telegraph from itanagar, where advani and his team, comprising ananth kumar and ravishankarprasad prasad and his daughter pratibha advani would address the days first rally, the partys northeast organisation secretary, p. chandra sekhar, said advani would be surely reviving the debate on the land deal.
the land deal issue has turned into a political hot potato for the congress and most believe the oppositions shoddy preparation gave the former a virtual cakewalk in the assembly.
basically, the line of attack would be why was the centre compromising the border with bangladesh while remaining firm with china and pakistan.
dispur has admitted to ceding 193 acres because it was in adverse possession of bangladesh.
by that logic, will we cede pakistan-occupied kashmir, which is in adverse possession of pakistan?
there is a unanimous resolution in parliament about trying to get back land in adverse possession of pakistan today or tomorrow.
since it as an awareness rally, advaniji will make people aware of these facts, sekhar said.
the other key issues will be the growth in lawlessness under congress in the past 10 years as well as its failure to check flood and erosion and improve the power and agriculture sectors, citing the bechimari police firing death.
there has been countless militancy, kidnapping and extortion-related killings in the state; rise in theft cases, including at xatras and temples, and farmers being killed for protesting against unfair prices.
according to our records, altogether 5,000 vehicles have been stolen from assam in the past 10 years, sekhar said.
in guwahati, national general secretary kiran maheswari said advani would be raising around 20 issues at the rally to be held at sonaram field here.
he said around 300 youths would go to the airport on two-wheelers to receive the leader and his team and party workers and leaders from manipur, nagaland and meghalaya would also attend the rally.
congress general secretary in-charge of assam digvijaya singh has already labelled the yatra as unsuccessful, having lost its sting with the arrest of former karnataka chief minister b.s. yeddyurappa.
it has got punctured, singh had said here yesterday.
gogoi, however, has welcomed advani, saying the visit will give him a chance to expose the bjps double standards.
new delhi, jan.
18: the cabinet today revamped a subsidy programme in electronics by tightening some of its provisions, following objections from the finance ministry.
law and it minister ravishankarprasad prasad has announced a cap of rs 10,000 crore on the subsidy under the modified special incentive package scheme (msips) to boost electronics manufacturing.
a government panel, headed by the cabinet secretary, will now clear investment proposals above $1 billion (roughly rs 6,803 crore) in the electronics sector instead of them going through multiple departments.
the finance ministry had raised concerns on the lack of clarity about the subsidy, which was delaying many investment proposals.
just 75 of the 243 applications under the scheme have been approved, involving investments of rs 17,997 crore.
we have today amended the msips scheme.
now, proposals under the scheme will be accepted till december 2018.
incentives of rs 10,000 crore have been allowed.
if investment is more than of $1 billion, a high-powered committee presided by the cabinet secretary will approve it, prasad said.
the scheme is crucial to prime minister narendra modi's target to bring down the trade gap in the sector to zero.
under the scheme, the applications will be received up to december 31, 2018, or till such time that an incentive commitment of rs 10,000 crore is reached, whichever is earlier, an official statement said.
the previous amendment in august 2015 had extended the scheme till july 27, 2020.
these amendments will further incentivise investments in the electronics sector, an official statement said.
for new approvals, incentives will be available from the date of project approval and not from the date of receipt of the application.
the cabinet has also halved the period of investment to five years from 10 years for a unit to benefit from the sops.
the incentives will be available for investments made within five years from the date of approval of the project, the statement said.
a unit receiving such benefits will have to provide an undertaking to remain in commercial production for at least three years.
a government official said the idea behind the new changes was to get serious players and expedite the projects.
however, the government has decided to give approval in a time-bound manner, which will be within 120 days of submission of the complete application.
the cabinet had approved the msips in july 2012 to promote large-scale manufacturing in the electronic system design and manufacturing sector.
bangalore, july 7: the country's first centre of excellence for internet of things (iot), an emerging technology that connects anything from industrial machinery to kitchen appliances with the help of the internet, was launched here today.
the centre has been started as a joint venture among the centre, the karnataka government and nasscom.
after inaugurating the centre, union it minister ravishankarprasad prasad said smartphone-based technologies should be made available in all indian languages.
all these products on the smartphone must be available in local languages.
connectivity starts through mapping soil for the farmer and by giving him the exact weather conditions, or just what kind of seeds are to be used, said prasad.
internet of things is about connecting machines, including domestic appliances such as refrigerators, television sets, microwave ovens or even household security systems, to the internet so that users can remotely operate them in multiple ways, the most convenient being mobile phone apps.
healthcare, education and agriculture must be the priority areas wherein we can give the benefits to the people through the power of technology, the minister added.
prasad said while it was important for machines to communicate with machines, especially for industries, it was also important that technology itself communicates in local languages to reach out to more people.
on the potential of iot as a revenue generator, prasad quoted gartner's estimate that has forecast global economic benefits of $2 trillion by 2020 from this nascent technology.
new delhi, june 1: the cabinet today cleared a proposal for a payments bank by india post, having a corpus of rs 800 crore.
telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad announced the decision saying, the cabinet has cleared the proposal of postal payments bank.
we have 1.
54 lakh post offices, of which 1.
39 lakh are rural post offices.
650 branches of postal payments bank will be set up and will be linked to rural post offices.
by september 2017, all 650 branches of postal payments bank will become operational.
we had planned to achieve this over three years, but now we will be doing it in a year, prasad said.
sources said prime minister narendra modi had asked prasad to complete the work by september next year.
the minister also said 60 international consortia had shown interest to partner india post to sell their financial products such as insurance.
fifty top names are here, including barclays.
talks are on and a huge matrix will be created, prasad said.
the postal bank is looking to leverage the postal department's massive rural network, including its 1.
7 lakh postmen, who will be given hand-held devices to help people access their accounts.
three years back, the finance ministry had stalled the move to convert post offices into retail banks in spite of the rbi's backing.
formal banks in the country have around 85,000 branches that have been stretched to their limit to serve jan dhan clients.
analysis reveals that large swathes of the country still remain uncovered by banks.
brics member brazil saw more than 10 million bank accounts being opened between 2002 and 2011 after its postal department set up banco postal in partnership with a financial institution.
officials point out that with increasing labour mobility, poor daily wage earners who travel thousands of kilometres in search of work need efficient, safe and cheaper ways of sending home money and the postal bank is seen as the best answer to this.
it is also seen as an ideal alternative for international wire transfers from indian labourers working in the gulf countries because banks and global wire transfer services are limited to towns, and informal hawala channels are seen as unreliable and costly.
india has around 150 million postal savings accounts, which are being seen as the potential customers of the postal bank.
however, leveraging the large physical network of the postal department has its own challenges.
post offices are by nature stodgy bureaucratic monoliths with little understanding of how modern banks function despite handling millions of savings accounts.
new delhi, july 14: the centre will not challenge yesterday's supreme court judgment directing the reinstallation of the nabam tuki government in arunachal pradesh.
according to sources in the law ministry, a high-profile informal meeting was held between union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad, minister of state for law p.p. chaudhary, attorney-general mukul rohatgi and other law officers late last evening.
after scrutinising the 329-page judgment, there was a unanimous decision that the matter be put to rest, particularly after rohatgi was said to have advised that it would not be proper to challenge the judgment.
contacted by the telegraph, rohatgi confirmed that he had advised the government against filing a review petition.
we went through the judgment and found there was no need to challenge it.
i have advised the government that we should not challenge it and allow the installation of mr nabam tuki as the chief minister, he said.
it was left to the aggrieved group of ousted chief minister kalikho pul and his supporters to take a call on filing a review petition.
piyush srivastavasri sri ravishankarprasad in uttar pradesh on thursday.
(pti)lucknow: sri sri ravishankarprasad met nritya gopal das, chairman of the vhp-run ram janmabhoomi trust, in ayodhya on thursday and later told reporters the atmosphere was positive for an out-of-court settlement of the babri masjid land title suit.
however, another senior trust functionary and vhp leader, ram vilas vedanti, opposed the spiritual speaker's intervention and questioned his intentions.
also, two muslim plaintiffs whom ravishankarprasad met later in the day told this newspaper they rejected any out-of-court settlement.
even uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath, whom ravishankarprasad had met on wednesday, told reporters on thursday morning that he had no hopes from the mediation efforts.
during wednesday's meeting with adityanath, ravishankarprasad had apparently boasted about having created an atmosphere in which even some muslim leaders were advocating a ram temple in ayodhya.
such talks have failed in the past, the chief minister told reporters on thursday when asked about ravi shankar's efforts.
it is too late for mediation on the ram temple issue as the supreme court is going to hear the case from december 5.
narendra giri, president of the all india akhara parishad, who met adityanath on thursday morning, said: sri sri is enacting a drama; he can keep doing it but it won't make any difference.
ravi shankar, speaking in the presence of das, had said: it's a religious issue and can be solved with the cooperation of religious people.
but vedanti, a former bjp parliamentarian, accused ravishankarprasad of trying to appease the government to protect his black money.
i have come to know that he recently received a huge foreign donation, vedanti alleged.
he is trying to get involved in the ram temple dispute to somehow appease the central government and evade paying tax against this income.
after meeting das, ravishankarprasad visited the homes of plaintiffs iqbal ansari and haji mahboob.
ravi shankar wants the muslim side to agree to the vhp demand (a temple in ayodhya but no new mosque anywhere in faizabad district).
i met him because we welcome whoever comes to our home, iqbal said.
i told him we'd wait for the supreme court judgment.
mahboob supported iqbal.
mahant gyan das, former president of the akhara parishad and head of the hanumangarhi temple in ayodhya, too questioned ravi shankar's intentions.
in 2015, i had almost reached an agreement with hashim ansari, the oldest plaintiff in the case (for a temple and a mosque side by side on the disputed plot), but ravishankarprasad sent an invite to me through ashok singhal, then head of the vhp, gyan das said.
what has happened now that ravishankarprasad wants to start talks afresh?
singhal and hashim died in november 2015 and july 2016, respectively.
hashim's son iqbal is pursuing the case.
after a wait of 18 years, bihar will play the ranji trophy matches starting november 1.
led by former team india player pragyan ojha, the bihar ranji teams first match is against uttrakhand.
before leaving for their matches, the team on sunday had a media interaction revealing their plans.
ojha said: after a gap of nearly 18 years, the bihar team played their domestic matches at the vijay hazare tournament.
the performance was speculator as our boys played brilliantly displaying their talents in both batting and bowling.
we are hopeful of repeating the same performance in ranji matches.
in the vijay hazare tournament, bihar reached the quarter-final where it team lost to mumbai led by team india opener rohit sharma.
the bihar team had topped their group with 30 points.
as the ranji trophy format (four-day tournament) is different than the vijay hazare tournament (one-day tournament), the bihar team has made some changes in their playing squad.
the players who were behind the success of the bihar team such as keshav kumar, babul and samar quadri are in the playing xi for the ranji matches.
ojha said: we have a team consisting of new and experienced players.
we are hoping to repeat the performance.
the bihar cricket association (bca) has appointed former team india player subroto banerjee as the coach.
bihars first match will be against uttarakhand from november 1 to 4.
the second match will be against pondicherry from november 20 to 23.
the ranji matches will also bring good news for cricket lovers in the state as patna will host two matches  the first from november 28 to december 1, where bihar will face sikkim and the second match from december 6 to 9, where the bihar team will take on arunachal pradesh.
this years ranji format will comprise four groups a, b, c and d. the d-category group will comprise bihar, uttrakhand and teams from northeastern states leaving aside assam.
the bca, naturally, is excited about the ranji matches.
bca general secretary ravishankarprasad prasad singh said: our boys have displayed their performance in the vijay hazare tournament, we are hopeful that the team will continue their performance.
the participation of bihar cricket in ranji is likely to end the exile of cricket players in the state.
bihar was barred from participating in cricket tournaments at national level in 2000 when bcci de-affiliated bca as its full member and the status was conferred to jharkhand when the state was carved out from bihar.
the association since then has been fighting a legal battle to get back the status to enable its team to take part in tournaments.
in january this year, the supreme court directed bcci to permit bihar to play ranji matches.
based on the apex courts directive, the bcci in april this year constituted a technical committee headed by sourav ganguly which recommended the reinstatement of bihar and inclusion of northeastern states in the 2018-19 ranji trophy.
our special correspondentnew delhi: the bjp headquarters at 11 ashoka road had a deserted look till well after noon.
then it buzzed into life around 3pm.
some ministers, led by law minister ravishankarprasad prasad, had reached the office.
election commission jana hai (we have to go to the election commission), bjp media department officials said as they rushed to welcome and brief the ministers.
apart from prasad, minority affairs minister mukhtar abbas naqvi and junior minister p.p. chaudhary were present.
defence minister nirmala sitharaman was to reach the poll panel's office directly.
sources said party boss amit shah wanted the high-level delegation to counter the congress's allegation of bias against the poll body.
the ministers didn't speak to the media after emerging from the commission's office.
but the sources said the leaders told the panel they had full faith in the constitutional body and that prime minister narendra modi had not violated the election code.
earlier in the day, a congress delegation had met the poll panel members and later alleged the commission was acting as modi's puppet.
the party alleged that modi had held a road show in ahmedabad after voting on thursday and called it a violation of the model code of conduct.
the road show took place a little after noon, well before voting closed at 5pm.
on wednesday, congress leader rahul gandhi had been showcaused for an interview that appeared on a local channel after the campaigning for the elections had closed on tuesday.
the rush to the election commission prompted some at the bjp office to draw a similarity with the rajya sabha election in gujarat in august that had seen the rival sides rushing to the poll panel.
sonia gandhi's political secretary ahmed patel had then won by just one vote although shah had deployed his might to defeat the congress veteran.
will the gujarat results be a repeat of the rajya sabha election?
one bjp functionary wondered.
his colleagues brushed aside such suggestions.
how can you even imagine the bjp under narendra modi and amit shah can lose gujarat?
we will win comfortably, an official said.
we will win gujarat and also the 2019 lok sabha polls.
there is no leader who can challenge modiji, said another official who invited journalists for the celebration on monday, when the results would be declared.
but the nervousness among bjp workers at the party office was palpable.
gujarat is different from other states, said one party worker.
if we lose, it would have huge repercussions.
new delhi, june 18: the civil war in iraq may upset budget calculations by raising the countrys oil bill, possibly forcing the government to rethink the tax sops under consideration.
top finance ministry officials said oil prices would firm up further though supplies would not be hit as the southern oil bearing areas were unlikely to be affected by the war.
officials expect crude oil prices to average about $110-$120 a barrel over the next quarter, which could mean an additional outgo of rs 15,000-20,000 crore towards fuel and fertiliser subsidies.
the subsidy bill for oil and fertiliser was earlier estimated at rs 1,53,000 crore for 2014-15.
india imports about 75 per cent of its crude oil requirement.
the problem will be compounded for emerging market currencies such as india, where the fall in the rupee will make imports costlier.
the rupee has fallen from rs 58.
62 to the dollar on may 16, 2014, to rs 60.
27 today.
the government had been considering raising the minimum taxable income and other tax sops.
these give-aways were expected to be recouped by a growing economy, which would raise the overall tax revenue.
however, officials said besides a higher subsidy, the spike in oil prices would mean higher inflation and a slower-than-expected pick-up in growth.
barclays estimates that a $10 increase per barrel in crude oil prices can shave off half a per cent from the countrys gdp growth.
we do not expect oil supplies to be affected.
southern iraq is safe.
the war is in the north.
however, the very fact that isis (the militant organisation leading the war) has come up to the outskirts of baghdad will keep oil prices spooked and we will have to pay for our dependence on imported oil, said officials.
the price of indian crude has risen to $110.
54 a barrel on june 13, 2014, from $106.
88 a barrel at the beginning of the month.
india imports around 2 million barrels a day of crude.
officials said they had not been asked to shelve plans to give tax incentives but there could be cuts in the scope of the sops.
maybe we will not hike the income tax floor by the extent we thought we would earlier maybe the tax savings ceiling wont be increased as much as we would like to, lets see, said officials.
officials had earlier hinted that the finance ministry might raise the floor income for taxpayers from the current rs 2 lakh in the budget.
the government is also considering raising the ceiling for tax deductions from rs 1 lakh.
budget session the budget session of parliament is likely to begin from july 7, with the first budget of the narendra modi-government expected to be presented on july 11.
the dates of the budget session were discussed it will be announced later, law and telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad told reporters after a cabinet meeting.
officials said the dates would be formally announced only after president pranab mukherjee gives his approval.
finance minister arun jaitley will present his first budget during the session.
the economic survey, the railway budget and the general budget were expected to be presented in parliament during the session.
both the budgets have to be cleared before july-end as the interim budget had approved spending till july.
prasad said the cabinet also endorsed the governments decision to scrap the group of ministers (goms) and empowered group of ministers (egoms).
last month, prime ministers narendra modi announced the decision to scrap nine egoms and 21 goms, arguing that this would expedite the process of decision-making and usher in greater accountability in the system.
fresh look at telecom mergers new delhi: the government will revisit the merger and acquisition guidelines in the telecom sector, if the need arises, it & communications minister ravishankarprasad prasad said today while assuring industry that issues concerning the sector will be looked into.
i have already set up a committee headed by the telecom secretary to revisit the guidelines.
i have instructed the secretary to look into the issues of stakeholders and if there is a need to revisit the merger and acquisition guidelines, do that, prasad said at the india economic summit here.
the committee, headed by telecom secretary rakesh garg, will also look into other issues concerning the telecom sector, such as the ease of doing business.
the committees first meeting took place today where industry associations raised their concerns.
about the spectrum auction, the minister said the department of telecom (dot) was in talks with the defence ministry for the release of extra spectrum.
we are going to have new spectrum auction also.
we are in discussion with the minister of defence for the release of extra spectrum.
we want to make the whole regime transparent, with the twin objective of growth and consumer interest in mind, prasad said.
hurdles posed by court rulings new delhi: union transport minister nitin gadkari today said it was difficult for the government to execute certain decisions of the courts.
i am telling you the truth.
suppose, someone wants to run a government, the process is simple.
you have to fight elections .
.
.
but a media house or judiciary cannot take charge of administration.
i am sorry to say in many cases, the way in which decisions are given by the courts, it is difficult to execute, gadkari, who is the minister for road transport, highways and shipping, said here.
the ministers comments came against the backdrop of many projects pending because of litigation related to environmental and other issues.
at the india economic summit, the minister also said, i have respect for judiciary, i have respect for judges but at the same time this poor country needs development.
new delhi, aug.
1: the supreme court today directed the centre to draw up a comprehensive framework to fast-track the criminal justice system, noting this could not be done piecemeal and hinting it could not be confined to legislators as suggested by the prime minister.
a bench of chief justice r.m. lodha and justices kurien joseph and r.f. nariman asked attorney-general mukul rohatgi to come up with a proposal in four weeks, stressing that one set of cases could not be fast-tracked to the exclusion of others.
the court was hearing a pil on prolonged incarceration of pakistani prisoners in indian jails when it issued the order.
this has been a continuous problem about expediting trial.
this is a problem as regard to cases involving women and senior citizens.
i, as the head of the judicial family, had requested state high court chief justices to have these cases fast-tracked.
now there is also a demand from you (government) that criminal cases where mps and mlas are involved should be fast-tracked.
but the problem is that institutional fast-track is no longer in existence, justice lodha told the ag.
although the court did not say it in as many words, it implied that the government could not restrict itself to fast-tracking cases of only mps/mlas or atrocities on women to the exclusion of other accused in criminal cases.
narendra modi, during his election campaigns, had been stressing the need to fast-track cases against mps/mlas.
he is of the view that cases relating to legislators should be wrapped up in a year of framing of charges.
recently, he instructed home minister rajnath singh and law minister ravishankarprasad prasad to work the out the modalities to fast-track cases relating to mps/mlas.
according to the association for democratic reforms, the present lok sabha has a record number of lawmakers facing criminal charges --- 186.
the court said in the pakistani prisoners case, it had in 2008 ordered completion of the trial within one year.
but six years had elapsed and not much had moved.
you must come out with a particular framework after taking all the state governments on board.
i am really sorry to say but the criminal justice system is not moving at the pace i would like it to.
i sincerely think the time has come and effort must be made to ensure that we are able to deliver fast justice.
fast-tracking of cases should not be in a piecemeal way.
lets not have only fast-track courts to try women-related offences or senior citizen cases or mps in criminal cases, justice lodha said.
the bench said there should be a comprehensive scheme because having special courts for a particular type of case burdens the remaining courts and needs additional infrastructure.
ask your government to convene a meeting with state governments and come out with a comprehensive plan.
my writing to chief justices does not help.
there has to be some methodical system.
look into this aspect specifically.
it should not be at the cost of other categories.
we need addition of more courts and infrastructure.
difficulty comes in sharing the financial cost to run the additional courts.
but in a federal structure, union of india has to take a lead.
judiciary should be given due respect to make it function well, justice lodha told the ag.
he said that as chief justice of india, he had his own limitations.
as chief justice, i have my own limitation.
i cant constitute courts.
there has to be evolution of a system to fast-track all cases.
for example, in delhi many special courts have been constituted  one for italian marines case and the other for the december 16 gang rape.
but due to this other cases suffered.
as an ag, you have a tremendous role to play.
you must study yourself, get the figures and come out with a framework.
you have to work very hard on it.
we have a very efficient ag.
he said courts might not be a source for generating revenue but helped in maintaining law and order and good governance.
strengthening judiciary should be the first priority and that is also the motto of our constitution, he said.
the apex court then passed the following order: we want to know from the ag whether union of india is contemplating fast-tracking criminal trials and, if so, whether a concept has been framed and steps taken in this regard.
fast-tracking of cases without additional courts and infrastructure creates more burden on other category of cases that are left out of fast-track.
for good governance, its necessary courts are strengthened and criminal justice is fast-tracked.
its high time that central government takes positive steps in consultation with the state governments in fast-tracking the criminal justice system so that criminal justice is delivered expeditiously.
mr attorney-general assures us that he will have a comprehensive look at the problem and come out with a proposal within four weeks.
list it (matter) after four weeks.
earlier, senior advocate bhim singh and counsel b.s. bilworia said lengthy trials of foreign prisoners, mostly pakistanis languishing in indian jails for 10-15 years, had negated the concept of indian democracy and weakened the rule of law and authority of article 21 of the indian constitution.
they said some foreign prisoners had been facing trial for a decade or so and, in some cases, investigations were still going on according to the reply of state governments.
rohatgi, however, told the court that 15 pakistani prisoners had been released in 2014 and their names had figured in the pil filed by singh in 2008 for their release.
members of dalit community stop a train during 'bharat bandh' against the alleged 'dilution' of scheduled castes/scheduled tribes act, in mathura on monday.
pti photonew delhi, apr 2 (agencies): seven persons were killed and many injured in violent protests during mondays bandh called by dalits to protest a supreme court judgment that they say dilutes a 1989 law passed to protect them from discrimination and atrocities.
the protests against the judgment, which came in a case involving the scheduled castes & scheduled tribes (prevention of atrocities) act, 1989, left five dead in madhya pradesh alone, while uttar pradesh and rajasthan reported a death each.
curfew was imposed in several places and hundreds were detained.
the army and paramilitary forces were also put on standby in punjab.
home minister rajnath singh appealed for peace, while law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said the government was not a party to the supreme court judgment and respectfully did not agree with its reasoning.
prasad said the government has filed a very comprehensive review petition.
the supreme courts march 20 judgment had said the abuse of the law of arrest under the sc/st act required it to shield honest public servants from blackmail in the discharge of their duty.
it was ruling in a case brought by a dalit storekeeper in maharashtra whose superiors had made adverse entries in his annual confidential report.
people stage protest during 'bharat bandh' against the dilution of provisions of the scheduled castes/scheduled tribes (prevention of atrocities) act by supreme court, in amritsar on monday.
pti photodalits and the opposition have criticised the judgment, which they feel will worsen their condition.
the supreme court has said that arrests under the act would require prior sanction from officials, and barred the immediate arrest of those accused in such complaints.
transport, mobile and internet services were hit in many states with over 100 trains affected by the protests.
in mp, two died in gwalior, two in bhind and one in morena.
in up, one person was killed in muzaffarnagar and nearly 75 persons including 40 policemen were injured in violent protests in various parts of the state.
police have detained nearly 450 people there.
in rajasthan, one person was killed and 26 others, including nine policemen, were injured in alwar.
senior congress leader ghulam nabi azad alleged that incidents of atrocities on dalits and minorities have increased since the national democratic alliance came to power in 2014, while aam aadmi party leader and delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal extended his support to the protesting groups.
union minister ram vilas paswan, a prominent dalit leader and head of nda member lok janshakti party, appreciated the government's quick decision.
up chief minister yogi adityanath appealed for peace and urged the people not to vitiate law and order, as violence was reported from many districts including azamgarh where protesters torched two state-run buses, injuring several passengers.
many trains, including premier rajdhani and shatabdi expresses, were stopped by protestors while some were short-terminated.
new delhi, july 5: the government has decided to continue with the interest subsidy (subvention) scheme for farmers this fiscal, offering them a relief of 300 basis points for short-term crop loans up to rs 3 lakh.
under the scheme, farmers get a loan for one year at an interest rate of 7 per cent.
those repaying on time get the loan at 4 per cent, ravishankar prasad, minister for communications and it, told reporters after the cabinet meeting.
farm loan target for this fiscal has been raised to rs 9 lakh in the budget, with rs 15,000 crore allotted to the subsidy.
a lower amount of rs 13,000 crore was allotted in the last fiscal, while the sum for the subsidy was rs 6,000 crore in 2014-15.
pulses pactthe cabinet has also approved an agreement with mozambique, under which pulses will be grown in that country for import to india.
the current trade with the country is 100,000 tonnes, which is expected to double by 2021.
the memorandum of understanding aims to promote the production of pigeon peasur and other pulses in mozambique by encouraging progressive increase in trading.
it will augment availability in india and stabilise their prices.
total pulse production in the country during 2015-16 is estimated to be 17 million tonnes, while 5.
79 million tonnes were imported.
however, total availability was less than domestic requirements, putting pressure on their prices.
axis holdingthe government has permitted axis bank to raise its foreign shareholding to 74 per cent from 62 per cent, entailing an investment of around rs 13,000 crore.
with the approval, foreign direct investment to the tune of rs 12,973.
14 crore will be received in the country with an estimated creation of 6,000 to 7,000 jobs over the next three years, said telcom minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
earlier this year, inter-ministerial panel fipb headed by economic affairs secretary shaktikanta das recommended the axis bank's proposal to the ccea as the capital inflow was over rs 5,000 crore.
axis bank's shares closed at rs 539.
60 on the bse, down 0.
79 per cent from the previous close.
our special correspondentmukhtar abbas naqvi.
file picturenew delhi: at least six ministers turned up for the first iftar a member of narendra modi's ministry hosted in four years of this regime, calling it social engineering as opposed to the political engineering of the congress and other parties that organise such gatherings every ramazan.
in a marked departure from the bjp's position that the congress and the other parties host iftars as part of their appeasement politics, minority affairs minister mukhtar abbas naqvi hosted one at his official residence on wednesday evening.
it coincided with the one the congress had organised elsewhere in the capital, providing the minister a chance to draw a distinction.
this is iftar for dignity as many of those here never have a chance to attend such gatherings in this kind of a setting.
theirs is political engineering; ours is social engineering, he told reporters.
six ministers - rajnath singh, harsh vardhan, smriti irani, prakash javadekar, ravishankarprasad prasad and m.j. akbar - attended the iftar that was packaged as an attempt to reach out to muslim women in general and victims of the instant triple talaq in particular.
as the invitees left after the iftar, they were handed a booklet in urdu on the modi government's work.
the new government is pressing ahead with the auction of 5g spectrum within six months, despite the industry showing little interest in the sale on account of exorbitant base prices.
ravi shankar prasad, the newly appointed telecom minister, said the government would hold a mega spectrum auction, including 5g, and that 5g trials would start within the next 100 days.
i am of the belief that in the current calendar year, we will auction spectrum.
we have adequate spectrum available, he said after taking charge of the ministry.
the telecom regulatory authority of india (trai) has recommended the auction of about 8,644 mhz of spectrum, including those for 5g services, at an estimated total base price of rs 4.
9 lakh crore.
both vodafone idea and bharti aitel have opposed the auction.
vodafone idea has said an auction was not feasible until next year as the industry needed time to develop india-specific applications for 5g.
airtel has categorically said the reserves prices set by the telecom regulator were too high.
trai has given its recommendation on spectrum.
we have a system of standing committee, finance committee, they are examining it, prasad said.
once they come with solution.
.
.
whether there is a need for more consultation with trai, we will have to look into it.
then, we have to go to the cabinet and appoint an auctioneer, the minister said.
the governments eagerness to gouge out huge sums from the operators through the auctions and finance its expenditures elsewhere has not met with great success previously.
the response has been tepid barring the first auction in 2010.
action timeother issues on the ministers agenda include starting 5g trials in 100 days and creating a broadband readiness index, which reflects the realities of the indian market.
5g will play a major role in digital inclusion he said.
our special correspondentnew delhi: facebook on thursday admitted that 5.
62 lakh people in india had been potentially affected by the global data leak, while the government indicated it would act against the social media giant after receiving a response to the questionnaire it had sent to uk-based cambridge analytica.
cambridge analytica has been in the eye of the storm ater being accused of illegally mining personal information on millions of facebook users to help political campaigns and influence elections in several countries, including india.
officials said the government had received a reply from facebook acknowledging that data on indian users may have been compromised, and added that this made it all the more important to wait for cambridge analytica's response.
cambridge analytica has sought an additional week to send its responses to the government, pushing back the original deadline to april 7.
facebook admitted on wednesday that data on about 87 million people - mostly in the us - may have been improperly shared with cambridge analytica.
the social media giant said that 335 people in india were directly affected after installing a personality quiz app, thisismydigitallife.
the app was operated on the facebook platform by a uk-based company, global science research (gsr).
another 562,120 people were potentially affected as friends of those users.
this yields a total of 562,455 potentially affected people in india, which is 0.
6 per cent of the global number of potentially affected people, a facebook spokesperson said.
cambridge analytica's acquisition of facebook data through the app developed by dr aleksandr kogan and his company global science research limited (gsr) happened without our authorisation and was an explicit violation of our platform policies, a facebook spokesperson said in a statement.
the company said it was investigating the specific number of people whose information had been accessed, including those in india.
it also emphasised that cambridge analytica's use of such data lacked its consent.
facebook has over 20 crore users in the country, and the government had last month sent notices to both facebook and cambridge analytica on the data breach.
facebook's data breach scandal has sparked a furore in the country, with it minister ravishankarprasad prasad warning the firm of stringent action for any attempt to influence polls through data theft and threatening to summon facebook ceo mark zuckerberg, if needed.
facebook said it was not known exactly what kind of data had been siphoned off and stored or what the two involved companies - gsr and cambridge analytica - had done with that data.
facebook has admitted that it is investigating whether any other app has similarly violated the privacy of users.
on april 9, facebook said, it would show people a link at the top of their news feed so they can see which apps they use and the information they have shared with those apps.
it will also tell people whether information on them may have been improperly shared with analytica.
ganga water by postpatna: union minister for communications and information technology ravishankarprasad prasad will launch an online platform to sell water from the ganga from the gpo in july.
the water will be sourced from haridwar and rishikesh.
power meetpatna: the 33rd eastern regional power committee meeting on fridaytook up issues like shutdown of farakka ntpc super thermal power plant in summer.
acid attackgaya: some youths threw acid on a girl at rajnagar in aurangabad district on friday when she resisted eve-teasing.
her mother was injured too.
sentencechhapra: additional district judge ix om prakash pandey on friday sentenced a couple, harendra mahto and kaushalya devi, to life for poisoning a woman to death at bheldi in 2012.
award for vcdarbhanga: ln mithila university vice-chancellor saket kushwaha was given 100 most influential vice chancellors award by the world education congress, in mumbai on thursday.
new delhi, july 10: half an hour after his first and extraordinarily long budget speech, the mood in the finance ministers parliament chamber appeared to reflect a relaxed informality.
after a few gruelling weeks, arun jaitley had at last earned a breather of sorts.
the room, insulated against casual callers in the run-up to todays exercise, turned into an open house this afternoon.
jaitleys staff laid out a huge lunch spread that came from the ministers home, with the signature dishes of rogan josh and katthal (green jackfruit) subzi.
jaitley asked for the jackfruit curry and rotis in between fleshing out the budget before a gathering of journalists and bjp spokespersons who would soon be appearing on the various tv channels.
no gathering at jaitleys is complete without a sprinkling of his lawyer friends: they too had shown up.
jaitleys gaze was fixed on the stock market meter on tv that, in the final reading, dropped by just a few points after early oscillations.
somebody asked why he hadnt summarily scrapped the retrospective tax laws.
he began saying yes, we didnt go all out before another query popped up.
power minister piyush goyal was filling in the gaps.
that itself would have meant bringing in a lot of retrospective amendments, he said.
drawing up the budget had made tough demands on jaitley although he was used to hard work as rajya sabha opposition leader and narendra modis principal strategist in delhi.
he had to forgo his morning walks at the lodhi garden, medically mandated for someone with a heart condition, as he tried to do justice to his double role as finance and defence minister.
in between, his job forced him to travel out of delhi occasionally.
to jaitley, the lodhi garden drill was not just part of his doctors prescription.
interacting with fellow walkers in a relaxed atmosphere was a source of feedback.
the blip caused by jaitleys request for a five-minute break midway through his speech had his colleagues and the bjp benches in a tizzy.
a lok sabha staff member summoned a doctor in the lobby though nobody had asked for medical help.
somebody rushed with a painkiller.
it emerged that the finance minister had felt a cramp in his back, induced by an uneasy drive to parliament in a car he was unused to.
the pain flared as he was speaking.
by the time he returned to presenting the budget, the discomfort had eased.
at his parliamentary chamber, jaitley looked as though he could do with a break.
but tv interviews were lined up, so he left it to his quintet of ministers  nirmala sitharaman, goyal, dharmendra pradhan, ravishankarprasad prasad and prakash javadekar  to answer the waiting journalists and, of course, help themselves to the repast.
was there a vacation in the offing, somebody asked.
jaitley shook his head, saying his brazil visit with the prime minister was off because he was required in parliament.
a summer holiday, preferably in london, had been de rigueur for him in the past.
the morning walks, though, are likely to resume once jaitley moves from his private residence to his new home in lutyens delhi that has a large garden and a joggers track in the vicinity.
manmohan meetings among the political meetings jaitley had had with various leaders and stakeholders in the run-up to the budget presentation, there were two interactions with manmohan singh at the former prime ministers residence.
the second of them took place on sunday.
jaitleys cross-party camaraderie has served the bjp well on occasions when it has had to wriggle out of sticky situations in parliament.
it is learnt that he discussed the state of the economy  past, present and prospective  with singh, who was apparently quite candid with him.
singh let on that as p.v. narasimha raos finance minister and executor of raos programme to usher in economic reforms, he had often had a tough time defending the switch from the congresss socialist regime to a liberalised economic dispensation.
when the congress lost the 1996 election, the partys conservatives blamed singh.
the bjp does not expect jaitley or modi to have run-ins with the rashtriya swayamsevak sanghs swadeshi votaries this time because sangh chief mohanrao bhagwat has made it clear that no show of anarchy or open dissent would be brooked.
dipak mishrapatna: the rajya sabha polls are around the corner and it's the possibility of a seventh candidate joining the hunt for the six seats that is haunting political parties in bihar.
the bjp, with 52 mlas, will be sending one mp to the rajya sabha; the rjd and jdu, with 79 and 70 mlas respectively, will be sending two each.
the congress, which has 27 mlas, will need the help of its ally to secure the victory of its candidate.
the bjp and its allies have 22 additional votes while the rjd will have nine.
currently, the number of sitting mlas is 240.
if a seventh candidate files his nomination, each candidate will need 35 first preference votes to win.
none of the parties - be it the rjd, jdu or the congress - want polling to be held for the six seats from bihar that are falling vacant.
but political sources said the bjp could field a seventh candidate just to ensure the defeat of the congress.
the seventh candidate would force elections; money-power and cross-voting will come in to play, said a senior rjd leader who spoke under cover of anonymity.
the best thing would be that only six candidates contest and get elected unopposed.
if a seventh candidate files his nomination papers, it will lead to a political churning.
for now, all three parties are keeping their cards close to their chest.
we will announce our candidates after march 9, when electioneering comes to an end for the bypolls, said rjd leader rabri devi.
the last date for filing of nominations is monday for the elections set for march 23.
so far, only one of the candidatures is certain.
the bjp will re-nominate union minister ravishankarprasad prasad, who will be making it to the upper house for the fourth consecutive time.
the other union minister who is retiring from the rajya sabha, dharmendra pradhan, is to be shifted, either to uttar pradesh or madhya pradesh.
jdu leaders indicate that while state party chief bashistha narayan singh may be repeated, there will be a new candidate to replace mahendra prasad singh, popularly known as king mahendra.
rjd leaders maintained they were in the dark about the party's candidates and are awaiting instructions from ranchi jail where lalu prasad is lodged.
talks in political circles have thrown up a surprise name - that of rajeev shukla, the former congress union minister who had once won by a surprising number of votes in the up rajya sabha polls as an independent.
another name cropping up in congress circles is that of former lok sabha speaker meira kumar.
rjd leaders are not ruling out the possibility of king mahendra returning to the rajya sabha on their party ticket.
however, if he is not given a ticket, he may contest as an independent candidate with the backing of surplus nda votes and hope that congress mlas vote in his favour.
new delhi, aug.
11 (pti): a bill was introduced in the lok sabha today to repeal 36 acts that have outlived their utility, including one that amends marriage laws.
law minister ravishankarprasad prasad introduced the repealing and amending bill, 2014, which seeks to remove such amendment acts and principal acts from the statute books.
the bill is one of those periodical measures by which enactments which have ceased to be in force or have become obsolete or the retention whereof as separate act is unnecessary are repealed or by which the formal defects detected in enactments are corrected, said the statement of objects and reasons of the bill.
the decision is in tune with prime minister narendra modis agenda to do away with archaic laws that hinder efficient governance.
this is the first time since 2001 that such an exercise is being undertaken by the law ministry.
our correspondentbone of contentionbhubaneswar: union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad on sunday said odisha and chhattisgarh should resolve the mahanadi water-sharing dispute amicably.
prasad was in odisha to attend the foundation stone-laying ceremony for an income tax appellate tribunal building in cuttack,on being asked why the centre was delaying the formation of a tribunal for the river dispute, prasad said: it's the government of india's responsibility to ensure that both the states amicably sort out this issue.
the tribunal formation should not be a matter of dispute.
tribunal formation is a legal process.
both the states should try to settle the issue amicably and should not thaw the rapport between them.
i will take up the matter in delhi.
union petroleum minister dharmendra pradhan, who hails from odisha, will also assist.
prasad's comments notwithstanding, the bjd has stepped up its attack as the centre is yet to form a tribunal to end the row.
on october 9, the centre had informed the supreme court it would notify tribunal under the interstate water dispute act, 1956, by november 19.
by delaying the formation of a tribunal, it's only serving the cause of chhattisgarh at the cost of odisha's interests, said bjd spokesperson pratap deb.
odisha government alleged that chhattisgarh was taking the advantage of the delay in forming the tribunal and was going ahead with the construction of six barrages on upstream mahanadi in their state.
last friday, odisha chief minister naveen patnaik had sought the intervention of prime minister narendra modi for the formation of a tribunal within the stipulated timeline for early adjudication of the dispute between the two states.
i would like to emphasise that the timeline of one year for formation of the tribunal is getting over on november 18.
however, the union government has not yet constituted the tribunal despite my requests over last one year, naveen had said in a letter sent to the prime minister.
on november 7, naveen had written to the prime minister urging him to expedite the process to set up the tribunal.
odisha has been pressing the demand for the tribunal for the last few years since chhattisgarh government has been unilaterally constructing barrages on the river which is considered the lifeline of odisha.
artistes perform traditional chaiti ghora dance outside janata maidan yogi magic yogi adityanath (pti) after prime minister narendra modi, uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath was the most sought after leader at the bjps two-day national meet.
when adityanath arrived here yesterday, hundreds of leaders made a queue to receive him.
even there was a rush among the local media to get his interview.
yogi also obliged some of them and spoke on various issues, including the bjps plan to come to power in odisha in 2019.
modi fans outside the bjp meeting venue fan trouble police had a tough time when a young woman tried to meet the prime minister at the bjps national executive meet.
police officials said, the unidentified woman from balasore tried to breach the security barrier and meet the prime minister.
as the police did not allow her, she got into an altercation with the cops.
sensing trouble, women cops took her into custody.
uma bharati holy trip bjp leaders made a beeline to puri to offer prayers to lord jagannath.
while some of them, including union water resources minister uma bharati, visited the temple town on saturday, maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis was in puri on sunday.
union minister ravishankarprasad prasad said a visit to odisha was incomplete without a trip to the puri temple.
nitin gadkari (pti) nitin tactics union minister for road and surface transport and former bjp national president nitin gadkari is a master at handling the media.
when he was asked about odishas demand for a special category state status, he cleverly skirted it.
dont worry, my department is giving special package for the state, he said.
while reporters were left mum, the minister walked away wearing a big smile.
traffic at a standstill following prime minister narendra modis visit to lingaraj temple.
pictures by ashwinee pati cops relax police officials heaved a sigh of relief with prime minister narendra modi and bjp heavyweights, including party president amit shah, leaving bhubaneswar today following the conclusion of the bjps two-day national executive in the city.
a police official said that being on their toes for nearly 36 hours was tough.
its time to relax a bit, he said as he drove away home.
(from top) jaswant, ravishankarprasad , yashwant new delhi, feb.
27: the congress plans to raise the question of conflict of interest at the first jpc meeting citing the nomination of three bjp leaders who were decision makers on telecom policy during the nda years.
the three whose presence on the joint parliamentary committee (jpc) congress leaders have objected to are jaswant singh, yashwant sinha and ravishankarprasad prasad.
while jaswant and yashwant have already been included from the lok sabha, the rajya sabha group of 10 members will be known on march 1.
the bjp has hinted that prasad will be one of them.
some congress leaders said the three should not have been on the jpc because they were part of atal bihari vajpayees cabinet, whose policies would also be under review by the 30-member panel.
vital decisions were taken in the telecom sector during vajpayees tenure, the leaders said.
others in the party pointed out that the three were also in the group of ministers (gom) on telecom since 2001.
the terms of reference of the jpc say that it will examine the irregularities and aberrations, if any, and the consequences thereof in the implementation of government decisions and policy prescriptions from 1998 to 2009.
that would include the ndas 13-month rule in 1998-99 as well as its full tenure from 1999 to 2004.
what raised eyebrows in the congress was the failure of the ministers dealing with the subject to lodge a formal objection immediately when the bjp proposed the names.
it is learnt that there were reservations in the government from the beginning about the inclusion of the trio but nobody seems to have objected.
anybody who was part of the union cabinet between 1998 and 2009 would end up judging his own decision as a jpc member.
while yashwant was the finance minister from 1998 to 2002 and foreign minister after that, jaswant swapped portfolios with him during this period.
both jaswant and yashwant headed the telecom gom at different points of time.
the other gom members were arun shourie, arun jaitley and prasad.
sources in the party said that since pranab mukherjee, a veteran congress leader, was dealing with the question of jpc formation, it was difficult to believe this oddity was not spotted at the beginning.
but the names of jaswant and yashwant were announced by mukherjee in the lok sabha without any objection from any member.
parliamentary affairs minister pawan kumar bansal too did not object.
sources said one congress leader then brought the matter to the notice of sonia gandhi, who asked the government if it was a valid argument.
the government now appears to be in a dilemma on how to handle the matter.
some congress representatives are likely raise the issue at the first meeting of the jpc.
given that p.c. chako, who is most likely to head the panel, is a combative man, he will not try to brush it aside.
guwahati, april 17: dispur is expediting the signing of the $120-million loan agreement for the assam integrated flood and riverbank erosion risk management investment programme to stop the asian development banks loan approval from expiring.
though the adbs board of directors had approved the loan package of upto $120 million last october, the loan agreement has still not been signed.
the rules state that the agreement has to be signed within a year.
we are fully aware of the fact and are on track.
we are hopeful of signing the loan agreement in a month or two, ravishankarprasad prasad, the chief executive officer of the assam integrated flood and riverbank erosion risk management agency, told the telegraph.
the agency, which comes under the aegis of the state government, is responsible for the implementation of adb-financed projects, in accordance with the government and the banks policies and procedures.
the programme will focus on improving protection for communities in three sub-project areas dibrugarh, kaziranga and palasbari (kamrup), covering a 90km stretch along the brahmaputra, where as many as a million people earn their livelihoods.
much of the states rural and urban land comprises flood-prone areas alongside the brahmaputra and its tributaries.
we had to start work from scratch and many persons working for the project had to get acquainted with working in an adb project, which took time, prasad said.
the signing of the loan agreement was to be done in november or december last year.
the bank says the validity of approval of a loan or grant lapses automatically within a maximum period of a year after the date of the boards approval unless the loan or grant-related agreements are signed within that period or the validity is extended.
it also says that given the limited resources available to the bank and considering the increasing demands of the developing countries for external assistance, every effort should be made by the borrower or recipient and adb to have loan agreements or grant agreements signed without undue delay.
the loan and project agreements are yet to be signed.
these will be done after the directive of the centre that the signing will take place after the main procurement and consulting services contracts are signed, mission leader kenichi yokoyama told the telegraph through email.
he said the executing agency was evaluating several main procurement packages, after which the agreements would be signed.
prasad said both foreign and national firms have shown interest in working in different components of the project.
the loans closing date is september 30, 2017.
the total cost of the project is $150 million, of which the adb is providing $120 million and the rest will come from the government.
over 40km of existing flood embankments will be renovated, riverbank erosion will be addressed using cost-effective and environmentally friendly technologies, and steps will be taken to put infrastructure maintenance on a more sustainable footing under the project.
the programme will also establish community-based disaster management committees and support flooding awareness campaigns, improved warning systems, community shelters and hazard maps.
scientific studies and monitoring projects will also be undertaken to gain a better understanding of the regions complex hydrology.
pratishtha singhchief minister nitish kumar with union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad at a ram navami shobha yatra in patna last sunday.
(pti)towards the end of july 2017, nitish kumar's antaraatma (conscience) spoke.
it told nitish to part ways from rjd and bend his knees in front of amit shah's bjp bulldozer.
the state, since that fateful awakening of the otherwise dormant antaraatma, has been going through a phase of bad governance.
the only ones to agree with nitish's antaraatma were smartphone-wielding, whatsapp-reading consumers of fake propaganda news.
i happened to travel in bhojpur, buxar and patna soon after july last year.
the mood in the villages was gloomy and despondent.
farmers feared the worst and showed little faith in whatever remained of the government they had proudly elected in 2015.
there was a time when nitish's nda ally bjp was a weak force and he practised a zero-tolerance policy towards communal violence.
but that was in 2013.
today, the bjp is a mammoth force and an unstoppable, untameable ally that believes in eliminating the voices of opposition.
they have been openly claiming to make india congress-free.
as a majoritarian extreme right-wing party, they are also working towards an exclusively hindu nation.
these trends are highly disturbing, especially for a country that draws its strength from its diversity.
the communal violence in bihar, which was sparked at the time of ram navami, is far from extinguished.
whatsapp messages are inciting more violence by comparing the sword-wielding men at ram navami processions to seemingly bloody processions of muharram.
this has been the biggest achievement of the bjp since 2014: everything boils down to hindus versus muslims, and civilians versus soldiers.
hindus aspire for the same kind of rituals that have been a part of muslim traditions for centuries and which are totally absent from the hindu way of life and prayer.
as someone who has witnessed and documented many a muharram procession in bihar and elsewhere, i must describe what i saw on muharram day in chhapra district in 2015.
it was election time and i was travelling across bihar for a book i was writing at that time.
my car was stopped on the way from patna to champaran.
there was a long muharram procession with tall green flags and deep, loud chants.
women, men and children were a part of it.
a few half-hearted policemen accompanied the procession.
i noticed women wearing bindis, their foreheads smeared with sindur,smiling and looking on as the procession went its way.
after a few more minutes, the road ahead us was clear.
although we found many such processions on the way, they never presented a threat to the bystanders or to me.
then what led to violence during and after religious processions in bhagalpur and later in other places?
when such processions become an occasion of power display, they make sure that their presence is felt.
ram navami commemorates the birth of lord ram and i am sure that the prince of ayodhya was not born rattling a sword in air!
who, then, decided that celebrations of his birth will be done with shining armour and blood-thirsty swords?
it should be a matter of great shame for the hindus that their religious identity, in post-2014 india, depends on how violent they can be.
west bengal too is bearing the brunt of this misplaced hindutva identity.
in post-2014 scenario, hindus have been brainwashed to believe that they need to establish their identity.
this is more harmful to the otherwise tolerant and all-embracing hindus, than to whatever hypothetical enemy they are fighting.
violence in the name of hinduism is the surest way of wiping out the essence of placid hinduism that was cradled on the banks of the indus thousands of years ago.
the question that arises from this is simple but it is staring at us like gaping mouths of wounds in desperate need of attention.
whatever has happened to nitish's brand of politics that preached communal harmony?
he had promised that he was not going to make any compromises on principles.
unfortunately, he seems to have forgotten this promise, just like he forgot everything he had said against the bjp and pradhan sewak narendra modi during the 2015 assembly poll campaign.
but the public has not forgotten.
bihar is holding a grudge against nitish and next elections are looming over him like clouds of apocalyptic rains.
i am sure his antaraatma knows this and is silent for this very reason.
the year 2019 will prove to be a litmus test for him and for the divisive forces he now calls his political allies.
as the world moves ahead, we are being forced into a baseless abyss of ignorance and unfounded hatred.
meanwhile, the imam from asansol, whose son was murdered in communal violence days after his class x board exams, told vengeful crowds that if anyone retaliated, he would leave the town in protest.
hope, it seems, floats above burning towns.
new delhi, april 11: the election commission today banned narendra modi aide amit shah and samajwadi party minister azam khan from campaigning in uttar pradesh because of their highly inflammatory speeches, and ordered firs filed and criminal proceedings started against them.
it rapped the state government for failing to show the required alacrity and file firs against the duo whose statements, it said, were promoting religious enmity and hatred.
lucknow has been asked to send a compliance report by 5pm tomorrow.
on april 3, shah, the bjps campaign in-charge in the state, had allegedly exhorted jats in muzaffarnagar to use the elections as an opportunity to seek revenge for last septembers riots that killed some 60 people and left tens of thousands homeless.
azam, a cabinet minister in akhilesh yadavs samajwadi government in uttar pradesh, had said the kargil war was won by muslim soldiers.
he had also termed shah a goonda (thug).
a poll panel statement told state authorities: no permission should be granted for holding public meetings, public processions, public rallies, road shows, etc, by the district administration authorities, where the above two leaders are expected or likely to participate.
it highlighted lucknows failure to act against its minister.
no fir seems to have been filed against azam khan so far and the commission is of the view that the state government machinery is soft-pedalling in taking required action against him, the poll panel said.
it said necessary firs should immediately be filed and criminal proceedings initiated.
shahs and azams statements are being made with deliberate and malicious intention of outraging the religious feelings and religious beliefs of different classes of citizens of india, the notice to the uttar pradesh government said.
it said the duos speeches were promoting feelings of enmity, hatred and ill-will and creating disharmony between different religious communities on the ground of religion and were likely to disturb peace and public tranquillity.
sources said the commission had issued notices to the two politicians after their speeches but they had not replied yet.
the commission noted that despite the notices, azam continued to violate the model code of conduct and said that it had decided to issue a further show-cause notice to the samajwadi leader.
shah, the bjps minder for the heartland state, had told a rally: its a question of western uttar pradeshs dignity.
the time has come to take revenge .
press the button during the elections and take revenge.
the bjp continued defending shah, saying he had not violated the model code of conduct.
senior leader ravishankarprasad prasad described the commissions order on shah as disturbing and sought its review while at the same time terming the poll panels grievance against azam khan well-founded.
recruitment driveall india institute of medical sciences (aiims)-patna's governing body will meet on july 1 to set the ball rolling for the recruitment of doctors at the hospital.
sources said the union ministry of health and family welfare stalled the recruitment for four departments - medicine, surgery, plastic surgery and ophthalmology - after the hospital's former deputy director (administration) anil kishore yadav sent a letter of objection to the centre alleging irregularities on the hospital's part during the recruitment procedure in january.
there are 55 doctors working at the hospital against the sanctioned 305.
some departments like ophthalmology, psychiatry, gastro-medicine and nephrology don't have a single doctor.
senior residents run them.
besides, there are many departments that are run by just one doctor.
these include plastic surgery, neuro-surgery, cardiac surgery, medicine, paediatrics, ear, nose and throat, radiotherapy, pharmacology and forensic medicine among others.
we are going to discuss issues such as validating the recruitment process for the four departments that were stalled in february, said aiims-patna director g.k. singh.
union health minister j.p. nadda will chair the meeting.
union minister ravishankarprasad prasad, bjp mps shatrughan sinha and sanjay jaiswal are members of the institute governing body, according to sources.
sources said among the agenda to be discussed in the meeting will be implementation of the senior residency scheme at the hospital.
the scheme allows medics to work for three years at the hospital after getting their mbbs degrees.
senior residents are entitled to leaves and allowances apart from promotion benefits.
at present, the senior residents at aiims-patna get to work only three months or 11 months and get no benefits under the scheme.
more than 20 senior residents of aiims-patna moved to state-run hospitals this year because the scheme was not implemented.
sources said the hospital will discuss the termination of outsourcing agencies for works at the hospital.
according to the proposal, the hospital will recruit grade iii and grade iv employees on its own instead of depending on these agencies to carry out the process.
officials will also discuss how to boost the finances of the hospital.
aiims-patna still does not have fully functional indoor and trauma wings.
it also lacks a blood bank.
these will be discussed during the meeting.
our special correspondentp chidambaramnew delhi: the bjp on monday charged p. chidambaram with blessing bank fraud accused mehul choksi on his last day in office as finance minister and former prime minister manmohan singh with derailing the banking system, going on the offensive as it came under attack in parliament on the rs 12,600-crore scam.
law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said that on may 16, 2014, the day the upa government lost the general election, then finance minister chidambaram cleared 80:20 benefits to seven companies of which one was choksi-owned gitanjali gems.
will rahul gandhi and p. chidambaram tell the nation if it wasn't blatant favouritism, mala fide intent and rampant corruption?
prasad asked.
the congress must answer who were those people who were lobbying on behalf of gitanjali and related companies and how much cut were they taking?
rahul gandhi must answer after he returns from italy, he added.
without going into the details of the 80:20 scheme, prasad said the proposal allowed private companies to export 20 per cent of imported gold and retain the rest for domestic use.
he alleged this was exploited for round-tripping.
choksi and his nephew and co-accused nirav modi had made record profits during the upa regime, prasad said.
ravi shankar prasadthe minister did not clarify what link the scheme or the profits had with the bank scam for which the narendra modi government is now under fire.
the modi government is under attack for allowing choksi and nirav modi to flee the country after cheating the state-run punjab national bank of rs 12,600 crore.
what has made matters worse for the bjp is that nirav modi, who left the country on new year's day, was last seen in public with prime minister modi and other industrialists in davos on january 23.
raising the bank npa issue, prasad said stressed assets of government banks rose from 32 per cent to 82 per cent during the upa's tenure.
under the so-called economist prime minister manmohan singh, the entire banking system went haywire due to all kinds of patronage, interference and pressure, he said.
prasad accused the congress of resorting to politics of fear, confusion and concoction and not learning lesson even after repeated setbacks in elections.
defence minister rajnath singh was included in the core cabinet committee on political affairs and some other panels on thursday night after the veteran complained about being marginalised during the day in an exercise that reaffirmed home minister amit shahs dominance.
no reason was cited officially for the daylight omission and the nocturnal inclusion.
during the day, rajnath, the technical number two in the government, had been included in just two of the eight cabinet committees reconstituted by the modi government.
in contrast, home minister shah found place in all the eight committees.
late on thursday night, the centre rushed to put out a revised list of the committees that saw rajnath in the cabinet committee on political affairs and three others.
rajnath is now part of six, up from the earlier two, cabinet committees.
the revision, however, did not come about easily, according to sources.
they said rajnath spoke to the rss leadership.
another source claimed that rajnath offered his resignation but there was no independent confirmation.
i have learnt prime minister modi talked to rajnathji and persuaded him to withdraw his resignation, one leader said.
it was after this that the revised list was put out, sources said.
amit shah excerpts from the initial and subsequent lists published by the press information bureauit was a humiliation, and rajnathji is not a leader to take such things lying down, a bjp leader said.
these leaders close to rajnath, however, indicated that all was not well despite the revision.
rajnathji is very upset, one of these leaders said.
the two cabinet committees where rajnath figured in the initial list itself are the committee on security, from where he couldnt have been excluded being the defence minister, and the committee on economic affairs.
shahs presence in all the eight committees is normal for a home minister.
as home minister in modis first government, rajnath too had been on all the cabinet committees.
but rajnaths initial exclusion from the committee on political affairs reaffirmed an impression that deliberate attempts were being made to project shah as the effective number two and potential successor to modi.
its unusual for the political affairs committee to exclude the number two in the government, for its he or she who is expected to preside over its meetings in the prime ministers absence.
rajnath is perceived to hold the technical number two status because he had been sworn in as minister right after modi.
rajnaths omission stood out, especially against the inclusion of juniors like nirmala sitharaman and piyush goyal.
the government could not have contended that rajnath had been excluded because the defence minister was not part of the political affairs committee in the last government.
for, sitharaman had been included in the committee after being appointed defence minister in the september 2017 shuffle.
chaired by the prime minister, the committee is seen as the core group within the ministry, empowered to discuss and decide all the political issues the government is confronted with.
it also assesses the possible political fallout of the policies the government wants to pursue.
apart from modi, shah and now rajnath, the members of the committee on political affairs include nitin gadkari, sitharaman, goyal, ravishankarprasad prasad and allies such as ram vilas paswan (ljp), arvind sawant (shiv sena) and harsimrat kaur badal (akali dal).
our special correspondentsonia gandhi with rahul at mukherjee's book release in new delhi on friday.
asked when rahul would be made congress president, sonia replied: soon it will be done.
(pti)new delhi, oct.
13: the bjp today launched a full-scale attack on rahul gandhi, calling him  shahzada and rahul baba and mocking his temple visits, betraying signs it was rattled by the reception the congress vice-president had received in poll-bound gujarat.
amit shahbjp chief amit shah slammed rahul in ahmedabad while law minister ravishankarprasad prasad did so in delhi.
rahul should have told the people of gujarat about his development model in amethi.
despite being a vip constituency since independence amethi still lacks basic amenities like schools, electricity, hospitals, shah said at an event organised by the aaj tak news channel.
amethi lacked development although it had been a vip constituency since the days of the first prime minister jawaharlal nehru, he alleged.
rahul's lok sabha seat in uttar pradesh first elected a nehru-gandhi family member as mp in 1980.
the bjp chief then presented figures to claim gujarat had developed by leaps and bounds under the bjp.
the bid to answer rahul's charge of farm distress and lack of development in gujarat by comparing it with far-off amethi is being seen as a sign of jitters in the bjp.
shah, along with uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath and union minister smriti irani had rushed to amethi while rahul was in gujarat earlier this week, trying to counter the congress leader's narrative on news channels.
at his campaign meetings, rahul had gunned for the bjp on development as well as the 16,000-time rise in the turnover of shah's son jay's company in one year.
in delhi, ravishankarprasad prasad today mocked rahul for visiting temples in gujarat and said this would not fetch votes, work would:  prabhu ke darshan se vote nahi milta, kaam se milta hai.
it was good rahul was learning to do  aarti in temples, he said, but the people of gujarat would look at the congress's development record.
the congress's dna reeks of corruption.
the party has never bothered about development, prasad alleged.
the minister accused the congress of conspiring not to allow water to flow from the sardar sarovar dam in gujarat, saying the upa government did everything to ensure the dam doesn't get completed.
in ahmedabad, shah said: rahul baba, your ' parnana' (maternal great-grandfather jawaharlal nehru) had laid the foundation for narmada project but we under (narendra) modi completed it.
the aggressive attack on rahul, who is expected to return to gujarat for another visit after diwali, suggested the bjp was rattled by the response he had received.
party leaders acknowledged the congress vice-president had drawn impressive crowds and that people had heard him attentively.
the bjp now wants to launch a rebuttal of rahul's charges of lack of development in gujarat.
finance minister arun jaitley came up with a lengthy write-up that he posted on facebook pti file picturethe bjp on wednesday resurrected the 1984 anti-sikh riots to slam the congress and accuse the rival of deliberately blocking fair investigation and trial, picking on a delhi courts judgment handing the death sentence and a life term to two convicts.
finance minister arun jaitley came up with a lengthy write-up and the bjp fielded law minister ravishankarprasad prasad to address the media to accuse the congress of burying riot cases and take credit for the convictions by a delhi court on tuesday.
the party pointed out that the conviction was the result of the special investigation team constituted by the narendra modi government in 2015.
yesterday justice has been done in one case where two accused have been punished, one with life sentence and the other with death sentence.
there are thousands of such cases which required a similar punishment in the 1980s itself.
the period from 1984 to 1998 was one of cover-up where all cases were buried as though the 1984 genocide had not happened, jaitley said in an article that he posted on facebook.
prasad accused former prime minister rajiv gandhi of justifying the killings of sikhs with his statement that when a big banyan tree falls, the earth shakes.
congress till date hasnt disassociated itself from this statement of rajiv gandhi.
now, the congress should clarify whether it holds rajiv gandhis statement right, prasad said.
the minister claimed that available evidence clearly shows that the congress ensured in the last 35 years that no fair investigation or trial should be allowed to take place against the culprits of the 1984 anti-sikh riots.
can the congress to cite one instance to show that the party tried to give justice to the victims of the riots?
he asked.
jaitley referred to operation bluestar and said the assassination of indira gandhi was a direct fallout of the disastrous operation in june 1984 at the golden temple.
he accused previous congress governments of not only protecting the culprits but even rewarding them with berths in parliament and the union ministry.
prasad took the names of many commissions of inquiry formed by congress governments in the past and alleged that none of them were allowed to deliver justice to the victims families.
in this context, the law minister even named former chief justice of india ranganath mishra and alleged that he was rewarded with a rajya sabha berth because the inquiry commission headed by him said the anti-sikh riots were not an organised crime.
ranganath mishra is no more and it is painful to recall how the congress rewarded him with a rajya sabha berth after he retired in the early nineties, the law minister said.
exonerate and get rewarded, he added.
prasad said the modi government was committed to give justice to the sikh families who suffered during the riots.
asked about the gujarat riots of 2002, prasad claimed there was proper probe in the cases.
he said that the then chief minister and now prime minister narendra modi was interrogated by the sit for 3 days and no evidence was found against him.
people shouldnt use the gujarat riots to justify the anti-sikh riots, he said, and added that all riots are wrong.
new delhi, feb.
3: junior law minister p.p. chaudhary today invoked citizens' fundamental duties and said schoolchildren should help conduct elections while defending the present practice of deploying schoolteachers for such work.
chaudhary was responding to a private member's bill moved by dmk leader tiruchi siva in the rajya sabha for amending article 324 of the constitution, which allows use of government staff for election duty.
siva had moved the bill seeking an exemption for teachers on the ground that poll duties interfered with their primary job of teaching.
nearly nine lakh teachers' posts are vacant in schools across the country.
the existing teachers are being sent to election duty.
this worrisome, siva said.
but chaudhary cited article 51 (a) of the constitution, dealing with fundamental duties, to argue that not only teachers but students should also participate in election duty.
the article says it shall be the duty of every citizen to render national service.
election is sovereign national service.
there must be participation of students.
this is part of their education, chaudhary said.
the minister cited a supreme court ruling that teachers should not be deployed on working days and a 2008 election commission order to the effect.
he said the right to education act and the representation of people act allowed teachers to be used for elections.
senior law minister ravishankarprasad prasad lauded chaudhury's stand.
the honourable minister of state has done a very good job.
.
.
i appreciate the concerns.
teachers must be used maximum for teaching work.
these concerns shall be conveyed to the election commission, prasad said.
dmk leader siva suggested that unemployed youths and retired teachers be used for such work after giving them proper training.
new delhi, jan.
18: india will consider apple's request for incentives with an open mind, information and technology minister ravishankarprasad prasad said today.
we will very much like apple to come and have a base in india, he said.
apple has sought tax concessions and several other exemptions before starting the production of iphones in the country.
an apple team will give a presentation to senior government officials here on january 25.
officials from the departments of commerce, industrial policy and promotion, revenue, environment and forest, and electronics and information technology will take part in the discussion.
according to it ministry officials, as many as 42 companies are making mobile phones in india, including chinese firms huawei and xiaomi, and none has approached the government for any additional incentives.
apple's products are manufactured in six countries, including korea, japan and the us.
at present, india provides subsidy and tax sops to mobile phone manufacturers under the modified special incentive package scheme.
the policy boosts domestic electronics and component manufacturing by offering a host of incentives, including 20-25 per cent subsidy on capital expenditure.
however, the scheme was amended by the cabinet today.
in may, the finance ministry had rejected apple's proposal to relax the 30 per cent domestic sourcing norms as a condition to bring in fdi to set up its own stores.
the cupertino-based technology major had sought exemption on the ground that it makes the latest and cutting-edge technology products for which local sourcing was not possible.
the government had also turned down the company's proposal to import refurbished phones and sell them here.
when it comes to working relationships, the one between the bharatiya janata party and the all india anna dravida munnetra kazhagam could prove to be a model for a study of indias post-1990 politics.
as the bjp leader and union minister of law, ravishankarprasad prasad, admitted recently, there is a convergence of interest on certain issues between the two parties.
an acknowledgement of that may have been the reason behind the bjps denial of the chair of the deputy speaker of the lok sabha to the congress, with which it, obviously, shares no common interest.
the post went to the aiadmk despite the fact that it had lesser number of seats in the house than the congress.
the aiadmk, on its part, has provided valuable support to the ruling party in parliament by helping it to corner the congress together with other opposition parties.
this bit of mutual understanding, however, does not impinge upon the political reality in tamil nadu, where the bjp is in the race for the role of the main opposition party.
having launched its operation in alliance with six regional outfits during the lok sabha elections, the bjp has gradually warmed up to the role.
its growing confidence is evident from its challenge to the aiadmk for the forthcoming local body bypolls despite the boycott of the polls by a crucial ally.
the dravida munnetra kazhagam, by the way, has decided to boycott the polls on the plea that it is not sufficiently prepared for the contest.
having rapidly increased its vote share in the state with the help of the support base of its allies, the bjp is using the bypolls to prepare for a bigger contest during the assembly polls.
there is no doubt that the bjps status as head of the national democratic alliance government, its control over the central funds, and the stature of its leader, narendra modi, have increased its attraction among the regional players, just as things had once been with the congress.
but the saffron party runs the risk of upsetting the working relationship at the centre if it becomes too dogged in its drive in tamil nadu to wrest the anti-government vote.
the aiadmk chief has been ruthless in discouraging signs of her partys proximity to the bjp.
she might take the bjps regional challenge seriously.
prime minister narendra modi takes part in pareeksha par charcha, an interactive session with school and college students, at talkatora stadium in new delhi on friday.
picture by prem singha primer in the time of bank scam.
not to be confused with the prime ministers pareeksha par charcha on friday lou: an abbreviation that hit the headlines on valentines day.
at first glance, the letter of understanding or lou has little to do with love but a closer look will reveal a public sector banks outpouring of affection for nirav modi chhota modi: dont ever utter this phrase in polite company.
a derogatory, scandalous and demeaning coinage, according to law minister ravishankarprasad prasad, after the congress used the phrase to describe nirav modi aka nimo modis operandi: the way some loot-and-scoot scamsters operate in india finding nimo: rhymes with the animated film, finding nemo, which chronicles the journey of a meek clown fish in search of his son.
finding nimo tells the story of the big fish in the indian government still searching for nirav modi while tv channels say they have already located him closing the stable door after the horse has bolted: an idiom best illustrated by the suspension of niravs passport by the external affairs ministry after he left the country and managed to pose with the prime minister in davos for a picture no one will be spared: a vow that comes in handy when the likes of lalit modi, vijay mallya and nirav modi flee.
new delhi, march 22: law minister ravishankarprasad prasad today appeared to justify executive overreach in appointment of judges, wondering why the prime minister couldn't be trusted with the selection process through the law minister if the country could trust him with the nuclear button.
prasad's remarks came in the lok sabha in response to questions concerning the supreme court's 2015 verdict that overturned the njac act, which had sought a say for the government in judicial appointments.
the court had said a litigant might feel that a judge appointed by a committee that included the law minister might not be impartial.
the prime minister of india.
.
.
is the main player in the appointment of the president, vice-president, the cvc, the chief election commissioner, the public service commission and the three (service) chiefs.
.
.
.
the prime minister possesses the nuclear button.
.
.
can do so much of work entrusted by the people of india but.
.
.
through the law minister cannot be trusted to appoint a fair judge, he said.
i am very forthright in articulating the rights of parliament as far as autonomy.
.
.
is concerned but they (the judiciary) have the right to interpret, he added.
prime minister narendra modi was in the house when prasad spoke.
prasad was responding to a question from congress member k.h. muniyappa who asked whether parliament was supreme or the judiciary.
bjp mp sanjay jaiswal said the judiciary appeared to be encroaching on the domain of lawmakers.
prasad avoided a direct reply but said the principle of separation of powers was binding on the judiciary.
new delhi, may 12: the bjp today said lalu prasad represents politics of loot, accusing the rjd boss, his mp-daughter misa bharti and his two minister-sons of indulging in corrupt land deals and daring nitish kumar to confiscate their properties.
union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad alleged that the lalu prasad family members were involved in land deals worth over rs 1,000 crore and said the rjd chief had learnt no lessons even after getting convicted in the fodder scam.
the bjp demands that nitish kumar start action under the special court act and confiscate ill-gotten property of the yadav family members, prasad said.
he said the special court act was legislated by the earlier nitish government to confiscate property amassed through corruption and now the chief minister should show courage and act.
he also asked the centre to probe one such land transaction in delhi, claiming the transactions were a case of quid-pro-quo as lalu was then the railway minister.
prasad urged the election commission to act against misa bharti for not disclosing details of these assets in her rajya sabha election affidavit.
it is not only a serious case of misrepresentation but a crime too.
the ec should give notice to misa bharti and take action, he said.
prasad alleged the lalu family was following the vadra model of development, seeking to refer to the dubious land deals allegedly involving sonia gandhi's son-in-law robert vadra.
he claimed the companies owned by lalu prasad's family members for the purpose of these land deals had no business activities and no turnover.
the minister used the issue to target the wider opposition trying to form an anti-bjp front.
what kind of ' mahagathbandhan' (grand alliance) is this?
is it a coalition to protect the corrupt?
is it meant to cover rank corruption in the name of secularism?
he asked.
rti silence jdu mlc neeraj kumar and spokesperson rajiv ranjan prasad today attacked the bjp for its silence on the rti query on the rs 1.
25 crore special package prime minister narendra modi announced ahead of the 2015 assembly polls.
neeraj said even after 24 hours bjp union ministers from bihar had not uttered a word.
j.p. yadavnew delhi: dalit mps of the bjp are disappointed that prime minister narendra modi invoked b.r. ambedkar in his mann ki baat radio address on sunday but maintained a radio silence on the dilution of the scheduled castes and scheduled tribes (prevention of atrocities) act.
this is a very urgent and important issue.
it is the lifeline for scs and sts.
this must be resolved without delay.
we will not go on tolerating this, bjp mp udit raj said.
raj had been asked about modi's silence and the government's refusal to commit to filing a review petition in the supreme court.
the court had last tuesday ruled that competent authorities would have to give permission before public servants and other citizens could be arrested under the sc/st act.
sc/st mps, cutting across party lines, had asked the government to move the top court seeking a review.
but law minister ravishankarprasad prasad has said the government would read the judgment carefully and then come up with a structured response.
modi and bjp chief amit shah had addressed mps at the party headquarters after the judgment but both were silent on the dilution of the act.
raj had gone to the meeting but didn't get an opportunity to raise the matter.
i have sought an appointment with the prime minister but so far haven't got time, raj said.
the dalit mps were particularly disappointed after modi spoke extensively about dalit icon ambedkar in his monthly radio address but avoided any reference to the law.
he could have at least underlined that the government was committed to protecting the rights of the scs and sts and would take care of any concerns raised by the community, a dalit mp from uttar pradesh said.
in his radio address modi had announced that the government would celebrate ambedkar's birth anniversary from april 14 to may 5 as gram swaraj abhiyan.
vinod kumar sonkar, mp and chief of the bjp's scheduled caste wing, said he would meet shah to urge that the government file a review plea.
on monday, ram vilas paswan's lok janshakti party, a partner in the ruling alliance, filed a review petition in the supreme court.
new delhi, july 2: the government today decided to bring onions and potatoes under the essential commodities act to prevent hoarding and curb price rise.
states can impose stock holding limits on food wholesalers once the two staple vegetables come under the act.
this will empower the state governments to undertake de-hoarding operations and to control the prices of onions and potatoes.
it will help in the efforts being taken to tackle the problem of rising prices and also improve availability, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad told reporters after a meeting of the cabinet committee on economic affairs.
he said, we think there are enough potatoes and onions in the country and theres no need to panic.
the state governments will fix stock holding limits according to local conditions and the limit will remain for a year, he said.
earlier in the day, the government had raised the export prices of onions by 67 per cent to $500 per tonne to augment domestic supply and curb a price rise.
limits are currently imposed till september on pulses, edible oils and oilseeds; and till november on rice and paddy.
finance minister arun jaitley yesterday said high inflation was one of the major challenges facing the government ahead of the budget next week.
the wholesale price-based inflation rose to a five-month high of 6.
01 per cent in may against 5.
20 per cent in the previous month because of a sharp jump in food and fuel prices.
retail inflation, measured in terms of the consumer price index (cpi), was recorded at 8.
28 per cent in may, according to latest government data.
food price inflation is near double-digits, with a late monsoon pushing up the cost of vegetables and dairy products.
despite sufficient supply of onions and potatoes in the country, their prices have been rising in the past few days in apprehension of a below-normal monsoon.
in the national capital, the retail price of onion is in the range of rs 25-30 per kg and the wholesale price is rs 18.
50 per kg.
similarly, the retail rate of potato is rs 27 per kg and wholesale price is rs 16.
75 per kg.
onion production is estimated to have risen to 192 lakh tonnes during the 2013-14 crop year (july-june), from 168 lakh tonnes in 2012-13.
onion is usually cultivated four times in a year  early kharif, kharif, early rabi and rabi.
meanwhile, the ccea has approved an additional allocation of 50 lakh tonnes of rice for distribution to below poverty line (bpl) families for the period july-2014 to march-2015 or till implementation of the national food security act (nfsa) by the respective state or union territory, whichever is earlier.
this will protect people affected by price rise, particularly in those areas where the food security act has not been implemented.
states/union territories have been asking for more foodgrain to meet their requirements for the public distribution system.
our special correspondent and ptirahul gandhinew delhi: the bjp rejoiced on thursday at the supreme court's rejection of a demand for a probe into judge b.h. loya's death and sought an apology from rahul gandhi for leading a delegation to the president to demand one.
this case was not driven by public interest but by congress interest.
it was to cause damage to the bjp in general and bjp president amit shah in particular, union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad, fielded by the party to attack the congress, said.
rahul gandhi should apologise.
the congress stands exposed before the people of the country.
prasad said the verdict had indicated that the loya petition was politically motivated.
the supreme court has observed that political battles must be fought on political grounds.
it clearly means that the case was fought as a political battle against our party president.
i urge rahul gandhi not to fight political battles through the corridors of the courts, prasad said.
the bjp held two news conferences over the supreme court judgment, underlining how important the issue was to the party.
spokespersons sambit patra and gaurav bhatia addressed one of them, held immediately after the verdict was announced.
prasad addressed the second in the afternoon.
patra alleged that the invisible hand behind these petitions was of rahul and the congress.
he said the congress chief should be ashamed for what he described as a conspiracy to target shah, democracy and the judiciary.
home minister rajnath singh joined in, tweeting that several attempts had been made to target top bjp leaders through fake news.
the supreme court has also cautioned against the misuse of courts in political tug-of-war, he added.
the bjp asked whether rahul should not be tried in the light of the loya verdict.
shah himself was busy campaigning in karnataka.
in a scathing observation, (the) supreme court said that petitions in judge loya's case were scandalous and amounted to criminal contempt.
strong words.
let's not forget that rahul gandhi led a delegation to the president on the matter.
should he not be tried?
#scjudgmentslamscong, tweeted amit malviya, head of the bjp's information technology cell.
prasad said: it was a conspiracy by the congress and its chief to finish the political career of bjp president amit shah, as part of which wrong accusations were made and an over 100-strong delegation was taken to the president.
quoting from the apex court order, he said the verdict answered all the questions raised by the congress and the petitioners, whom he accused of acting as a front of, or being in close cooperation with, the main opposition party.
union minister mukhtar abbas naqvi said the congress had failed to destroy the then gujarat chief minister, narendra modi, and shah when it was in power at the centre.
now in the opposition, the congress is conspiring to defame the bjp's top leadership, he said.
sanjeev kumar vermabhupender yadav (left) at the meeting in patna on sunday.
telegraph picturepatna bhupender yadav, bjp national general secretary and party in-charge for bihar, on sunday asked functionaries to bring in new faces and spread word about the party's achievements and policies right up to the grass-root level.
yadav was speaking to office-bearers of cells and wings of the party on the second day of his bihar visit.
bihar bjp president nityanand rai and organisational general-secretary nagendra nath were also present.
this was yadav's first visit to the state after bjp came into power in bihar in july last year, and is being seen as part of the preparations for bjp national president amit shah's likely visit.
the lok sabha elections are the party's top priority, said a bjp insider.
shah is a tough task master, and yadav wants to galvanise the office-bearers so that all tasks are accomplished in time.
while the party has set up panchayat-level committees, it is still to do so at around 30 per cent of the state's 62,780 polling booths.
yadav held a series of meetings with party leaders, including one at the residence of union minister ravishankarprasad prasad that almost all senior leaders of the party including prasad and union agriculture minister radha mohan singh attended.
the strengthening of the organisational structure of the party and enhancing its penetration right up to the grass-root level remained the main focus of the meeting, said a senior bjp leader who was present at the meeting.
sanjeev kumar vermaunion law minister ravishankarprasad prasad meets super 30 founder anand kumar in patna on friday during the door-to-door campaign to highlight the nda's achievements.
(pti)patna: the bjp in bihar will intensify its sampark for samarthan (contact for support) drive in the coming days.
the programme aims to spread the word about the achievements of the narendra modi government in its four years of rule at the centre.
a decision to intensify the drive was taken at a meeting of senior party leaders in which bjp bihar-in-charge and national general secretary bhupender yadav was also present.
sharing details of the meeting, a senior bjp leader who was present in the meeting told the telegraph: all senior leaders of the party have been asked to meet 25 prominent citizens of bihar's various parts under the sampark for samarthan programme.
in fact, bhupender too took part in the programme during his visit to bihar and on friday, he visited the house of former director-general of police (dgp) abhayanand under the sampark programme.
he was accompanied by party state unit president nityanand rai.
union law minister ravishankarprasad too took part in the sampark programme and on friday called upon super 30 founder anand kumar whose endeavour to coach poor students for the iit entrance examination has caught national and international attention.
prasad also called on bharti, the daughter of late freedom fighter batukeshwar dutt and tara sinha, who is also granddaughter of first president of india, dr rajendra prasad.
bhupender, who came to patna on thursday and had taken part in the nda dinner, had undertaken the sampark programme on thursday and had called on retired high court judge r.n. prasad, asian development research institute member-secretary shaibal gupta and mahavir mandir trust secretary and former ips officer kishore kunal.
the friday meeting of senior bjp leaders, which witnessed participation of nityanand rai, sushil kumar modi, ministers prem kumar, nand kishore yadav and mangal pandey among others, didn't discuss political issues.
everyone is aware of the political situation in bihar and alliance-related issues are generally finalised by the party central leadership.
so, we didn't raise political issues during the meeting.
the meeting focused on issues concerning organisational strengthening and programmes being organised to mark the four years of the modi government at the centre, said another bjp leader present in the meeting.
he said the state leadership provides the input on political issues when the central leadership desires so.
funds fraud arrestpatna: police on sunday nabbed an accountant at a primary health centre for alleged misappropriation of rs 1.
72 crore from the general provident fund of government employees.
the accountant, sumankant sinha, worked at the primary health centre in daniyawan in patna rural and the data officer and treasury officer.
suicidemumbai (pti): a man from madhubani, ganeshchandra prasad, committed suicide by jumping in front of a mumbai metro train around 9.
20am on sunday.
protestara: a mob blocked the ara-patna road and disrupted traffic for over four hours on sunday in protest against the murder of shopkeeper suman kumar chaurasia.
the shopkeeper was shot and critically injured on saturday when he was returning home after deposing before a local court, and succumbed to his injuries later in the night.
boy foundsheikhpura: a boy, priyanshu raj, who was kidnapped from delhi on september 14, was recovered from devle village in sheikhpura district on sunday.
the boys father, mukesh kumar works in a private firm and lodged a case with dwarikapuri police station in delhi.
tweet crisispatna: union minister ravishankarprasad prasad on sunday claimed that he had no relation with iqbal, a criminal with whom his pictures went viral on twitter recently.
deputy chief minister tejashwi yadav had also tweeted the picture.
prasad urged the state government to initiate action against iqbal if he was involved in any criminal case.
flood-safepatna: the water resources department on sunday said all the embankments in the states flood-hit areas were safe.
it, however, admitted the possibility of a surge in the water level in the rivers such as gandak, bagmati, kosi and others.
un meetpatna: physician diwakar tejaswi will attend the un general assembly meet on anti-microbial resistance scheduled at the un headquarters in new york city on september 21.
ahmedabad: the bjp on tuesday raked up an old us diplomatic cable to target rahul gandhi ahead of the gujarat polls, demanding an explanation for his purported comment that hindu terror is a bigger threat than pakistan's lashkar-e-toiba.
union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad referred to the cable, leaked by wikileaks.
the comment was made in 2010, two years after the mumbai attacks, to then us ambassador timothy roemer who asked rahul what he thought of the let (lashkar), prasad said.
rahul told roemer that forget let, it is the hindu terror of this country which is a bigger threat, prasad said.
the cable salvo came a day after prime minister narendra modi accused rahul of applauding lashkar chief hafiz saeed's release in pakistan.
new delhi, march 21: nitin gadkari had egg on his face today when anshuman mishra, a controversial independent candidate for the rajya sabha allegedly backed by the bjp president, announced his withdrawal after party mlas were asked not to vote for him.
i will withdraw my nomination tomorrow on the appeal of nitin gadkari to save his maan-samman (dignity), mishra, 40, told the telegraph in ranchi, hours after declaring that he had had no intention to quit the race.
a section of the bjp got into damage-control mode and attempted to distance gadkari from the perception that he had backed mishra, an nri businessman who had leveraged his supposed hindutva links to claim the sangh fraternitys support for his candidacy.
but party sources stressed that gadkari had played a key role, saying mishras nomination papers would not have been signed by six of their mlas in ranchi without a go-ahead from the central command.
each and every nomination for any election is vetted by the central election committee and, in cases, even the rss bosses.
when the bjps stakes are high in keeping its coalition government in ranchi afloat, can we expect gadkari and the others to stay aloof from a rajya sabha nomination?
a source asked.
several bjp mps and senior party leader yashwant sinha had objected to mishras candidature.
sinha, who is from jharkhand, alleged the seat was being auctioned.
the party itself isnt contesting the election, having chosen not to renominate s.s. ahluwalia.
tomorrow is the last date for withdrawal of nominations.
the directive asking the legislators not to vote for mishra was issued after a meeting of the top brass in delhi this morning that was attended by sushma swaraj, arun jaitley, ananth kumar, ravishankarprasad prasad, sinha and others.
the party also decided to abstain from voting in the march 30 polls in view of the large-scale horse-trading and malpractices.
the move to abstain came despite the realisation that it could upset ally jmm, which expects support for its nominees for the two seats from the state.
we are running a government in alliance.
so we expect them to extend support, jmm leader supriyo bhattacharya said in ranchi sources said until yesterday, gadkari  whose other rajya sabha picks, notably nagpur-based businessman and confidant ajay sancheti, had raised hackles  thought there was nothing amiss in endorsing mishra.
gadkari was not present at the meetings yesterday and today.
but party veteran l.k. advani was learnt to have asked a senior colleague to intercede on his behalf with gadkari.
the party chief was spoken to last evening and persuaded to shed his intransigence over mishra.
mishra said questions about his candidature were being raised by leaders who were themselves tainted.
in fact, politicians nearing 75-85 should retire.
the jinnah bhakt should retire from politics instead of beating his chest for power, mishra said in an apparent reference to advani.
our special correspondentkalyan banerjeenew delhi: trinamul mp and lawyer kalyan banerjee on thursday exhorted lok sabha members to blur party lines to petition the supreme court not to encroach upon the power of parliament to legislate laws, earning cheers from the ruling party benches.
speaking on a bill to hike the salaries of judges, banerjee reminded the supreme court that legislating laws was the right of parliament.
he said that at the speed with which the highest judiciary was encroaching on the rights of parliament, a direct conflict was imminent if the issue was not resolved.
across party lines, let us all come together and file a petition before the supreme court to tell that it was not their duty to legislate, he said.
he felt that since parliament passes the budget of the judiciary, the administrative department of the judiciary should be accountable to the house.
law minister ravishankarprasad prasad was seen taking notes with a smile on his face.
prasad, when pressed by kalyan for a response, said: you are free to speak but as law minister, i have limitations.
the minister, however, added: i will talk to you outside parliament.
tell you many things.
even the chair, deputy speaker m. thambidurai, appeared to support banerjee with words like: yes, the duty of the supreme court is to interpret laws and not legislate.
after the speech, members thumped desks and some ministers acknowledged him thumbs-up signs.
it was in sharp contrast to wednesday when the house had to be adjourned for the day because of an argument between banerjee and junior minister giriraj singh.
banerjee supported the salary bill with a sarcastic smile on his face.
let them have it (the hike), he said but demanded reforms.
he suggested that just like parliament, proceedings of the court should be telecast live.
if they criticise politicians about their behaviour seeing live telecast, we must see how erratic some judges are.
.
.
.
how they throw away cases.
.
.
, banerjee said amid cheering.
he claimed that a lot of money was being wasted on seminars and training judges which he felt was unnecessary.
he added that the leave and vacation of judges should be cut short.
why should judges go for training?
if they need training to discharge their duties, how come they have been appointed as judges?
he asked.
he said the judiciary decided the cases of the rich with speed while those of the poor were kept pending for years.
in his reply, minister prasad said the issue of live telecast was in the domain of the judiciary and promised that the day the supreme court advises for live telecast, the government would act promptly.
he said that on a pilot basis, the judiciary has allowed live telecast of two district courts.
denying banerjee's claim, prasad said judges work hard and said the judges of almost all courts have worked on saturdays and also during vacation to reduce the backlog.
banerjee also raised the issue of vacancy in the judiciary.
prasad said there were six vacancies in the supreme court, nine high courts did not have a regular chief justice and that the government had not received the recommendations for 269 high court judges.
but he added: what can the government do if the collegium doesn't recommend?
while many members joined banerjee in critiquing the judiciary over various issues, some mps like bjd's tathagata satpathy pointed out that that it was very easy to blame.
we appreciate how during dark pages of the history, the judiciary has remained a silver lining for all of us, he said.
many members were heard demanding salary hike for mps too and satpathy supported it.
the house eventually passed through a unanimous voice vote the bill to hike the salaries of supreme and high court judges.
new delhi, may 27: the narendra modi-government, in its first decision after assuming office today, has set up a special investigative team (sit) headed by former supreme court judge m.b. shah to unearth black money.
in the first cabinet of the new government.
.
.
in the light of the directions of the supreme court, we have constituted an sit for unearthing black money.
this was an important issue for us, law and telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad told reporters after a one-and-a-half-hour-long cabinet meeting.
he said the setting up of sit indicates the commitment of the new government to pursue the issue of black money.
tomorrow is the last date (for setting up of sit).
therefore, the very first agenda in accordance with its policy commitment was to have this very high-profile sit.
the supreme court had last week granted the government one week to set up the investigative team.
the team will have another retired supreme court judge arijit pasayat as vice-chairman.
our special correspondentjaitleynew delhi: the gujarat assembly election results have claimed a belated casualty - finance minister arun jaitley.
jaitley, who has represented gujarat in the rajya sabha for three consecutive terms, will have to move out of the state because the bjp does not have the numbers to get him elected.
he has been nominated for the march 23 election from uttar pradesh instead.
the bjp, whose tally has dipped to 99 seats in the 182-member gujarat assembly from 115 in the previous house, can win only two of the four rajya sabha seats from the state that are falling vacant.
for those two seats, the party on wednesday nominated union ministers from the state mansukh l. mandaviya and parshottam rupala.
jaitley is not a native of gujarat.
the finance minister had tried to enter the lok sabha in 2014, riding the narendra modi wave.
he contested the amritsar lok sabha seat but lost in an election that took his party past the majority mark on its own for the first time, with 282 seats out of 543.
the bjp on wednesday announced the names of eight rajya sabha nominees, of which seven are union ministers.
petroleum minister dharmendra pradhan and social justice minister thawarchand gehlot will contest from madhya pradesh, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad from bihar, health minister j.p. nadda from himachal pradesh and party general secretary bhupendra yadav from rajasthan.
the current term of all the leaders ends on april 2.
the election to 59 rajya sabha seats is scheduled for march 23.
bjp president amit shah had aimed for 150 seats out of 182 in gujarat in the december elections, and the slide to 99 was seen as a personal setback for him and prime minister modi.
new delhi, april 5: the bjp today aligned with social activist anna hazares fast over the lok pal bill and declared it would launch a countrywide agitation against corruption tomorrow.
the lok pal bill should become an effective and credible instrument for fighting corruption among bureaucrats and those in power.
.
.
.
the entire country is today waiting for effective action against the cancer of corruption.
the wish of the people should be respected, bjp spokesperson ravishankarprasad prasad said.
at the same time, however, it appealed to hazare to end his fast and urged the government to convene an all-party meeting to resolve the lok pal bill tangle.
the bjp is worried that if the issue snowballs it could boomerang on the party, given karnataka chief minister b.s. yeddyurappas ongoing tussle with the state lokayukta over corruption.
lokayukta is the state-level equivalent of lok pal at the centre.
we appeal to anna hazare to end his fast and urge the government not to make it a prestige issue.
the government should convene an all-party meeting to resolve the issue, prasad said.
yeddyurappa recently suffered a setback when a special court referred corruption charges against him to be probed by the lokayukta.
the karnataka chief minister has become an irritant in the bjps corruption campaign against the upa.
but bjp leaders believe their karnataka weakness will not come in the way of the gathering storm of corruption against the upa government.
new delhi, july 22: mohanrao bhagwat has sermonised on what an ideal leader should be like, a message read as meant for narendra modi and offering him a way out of the web of recent controversies that he has entangled himself in.
according to the rss sarsanghachalak, a leader should be one who not only performs but is capable of leading every section of the population that has varied cultural roots, including the mutthi bhar (handful) of those whose ancestors might have been invaders.
bhagwats discourse, delivered in patna to the rss cadre yesterday, was treated as a straight message to narendra modi.
this is because the discourse emphasised three points: the kind of leader india expected in an ambience marked by disappointment and hope; his ability to perform, deliver on his promises and catapult india to a mahashakti (superpower) pinnacle; and above all, his skill in carrying along the countrys diverse social and religious groups.
sangh and bjp sources said that now that bhagwat and his colleagues had unambiguously placed the command for the 2014 elections under modi, despite persistent resistance from l.k. advani and sushma swaraj, they had taken it on themselves to ensure he did not trip even before taking off properly.
lately, a string of controversial statements from the gujarat chief minister has pushed the bjp on the defensive.
even savvy spokespersons like ravishankarprasad prasad fumbled when they were cornered on tv about modis kutte ka bachcha analogy.
read together with modis remark about the congress donning a burqa of secularism when in trouble and his assertions of his hindu and nationalist antecedents, the message was that he was returning to his rss ideological moorings and moving away from the development and governance trajectory he had mapped for himself before moving to delhi.
media commentators of the liberal but right-of-centre genre, who were warming up to modi because of his economics and business agenda, were left cold by the puppy kind of gaffes.
bjp sources admitted that it was not good enough that modi merely pandered to their core voters.
he has to expand and expand by tapping a youthful and aspiring class that has no time for the sanghs old shibboleths, a young bjp office-bearer said.
bhagwat offered a way out for modi.
in patna, he said: if there is hope, there is also disappointment.
if the scene is white, it is also black.
the country needs one leader who delivers and performs and is also able to take along with him all sections of society.
bhagwat went on to say that such an eknayak (single leader) needs to be sarvagun sampanna (possess all the attributes and virtues of a model leader).
he, added the rss chief, should be capable of leading a people with an ancient credo of unity in diversity that had a place for even the handful of invaders.
in his speech, though, he did not name modi, ostensibly to keep up the sanghs faade of being non-political and staying off the bjps affairs.
bjp sources said that having wagered on modi for a positive outcome in the 2014 elections for the party, bhagwat and the sangh did not want a repeat of the nitin gadkari chapter.
bhagwat was widely perceived to have pushed gadkaris appointment as bjp president in 2009 and was reportedly keen on a second term for him.
gadkari would have secured one had he not been implicated in a financial scam.
the rss then rooted for its second-most preferred candidate, rajnath singh, allegedly against advanis wishes.
sections of the bjp fear that if rajnath or modi or both continue to court controversies, it could weaken the sanghs defence of them against advani and sushma.
advani consistently maintained that the bjp required a secular face to thwart a polarisation of muslim votes behind the congress and to win over allies.
modis projection has cost the bjp a critical ally, the janata dal (united), and faced it with the potential depletion of lok sabha seats in bihar.
the government has made it clear that it plans to go ahead with spectrum auction, including for 5g radiowaves, in the current calendar year picture by shutterstocka day after the government announced its intention to hold spectrum auctions in the current year, industry body coai said the recommended base price of 5g radiowaves was nearly 30-40 per cent higher than the rates in markets such as south korea and the us.
majority of our operators have indicated that 5g spectrum is far too prohibitively expensive and that their balance sheets cant afford this, cellular operators association of india (coai) director-general rajan mathews told reporters on the sidelines of a 5g spectrum policy workshop organised by the industry body on tuesday.
on monday, the government made it clear that it plans to go ahead with spectrum auction, including for 5g radiowaves, in the current calender year.
telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad also set a deadline of 100 days for starting 5g trials in the country.
spectrum for 5g is overpriced by at least 30-40 per cent compared with international standards and auction in other markets such as south korea and the us, mathews said.
he further said that incentives should be build into the spectrum price, given that 5g services in the country will also aim to serve social goals.
on monday evening, the newly-appointed chairman of coai and ceo of indias largest telecom operator vodafone idea, balesh sharma, had appealed to the government to ensure that 5g spectrum is made available at reasonable prices and had pitched for lower levies and taxes to make the sector strong and sustainable.
5g spectrum should be made available to all players at reasonable prices such that more investments are directed towards enhancing network capacity and capabilities, sharma said.
the telecom regulatory authority of india (trai) has already recommended auction of about 8,644 mhz of telecom frequencies, including those for 5g services, at an estimated total base price of rs 4.
9 lakh crore.
last week, bharti airtel had rued that the base price was exorbitant and unaffordable.
arjun munda ranchi, nov.
14: senior bjp leader and candidate for kharsawan assembly seat arjun munda today urged the media not to distort statements that he is making in public.
the plea came after some television channels yesterday showed munda telling a section of the press in jagannathpur, west singhbhum, that the bjp would sit in the opposition if it failed to get absolute majority in the ensuing assembly elections.
the statements coming from someone like munda, who is being touted as the partys star campaigner, apparently upset bjp senior leaders, who pulled up the former chief minister.
munda, who filed his nomination paper at the seraikela-kharsawan district collectorate yesterday and then went to west singhbhum, reportedly spent more than an hour convincing the heads of the tv channels concerned that his statement had been distorted.
while speaking to the telegraph on friday, he continued to maintain that he had been misinterpreted.
yesterday, some reporters repeatedly kept asking me what we would be doing if we did not win the majority of seats in the vidhan sabha.
i said in that case, we would prefer sitting in the opposition while making it clear that we were confident about getting the majority.
this kind of distortion of my statements is not fair, he said.
speaking about other issues, he went on to add that the bjp was receiving positive response during public campaigns across the state.
pointed out that awareness vehicles, flagged off by the bjp to tour far-flung areas, lay abandoned in different places, particularly in santhal pargana, apparently because of internal strife within local party units, munda said things would change once prime minister narendra modi started his full-fledged campaign in the state.
if the bjp central leadership has finalised a particular poll strategy, it is the responsibility of every party member to honour it.
things will start changing once modijis begins campaigning in jharkhand.
the outcome of his recent campaigns in maharashtra and haryana are for everyone to see.
people in jharkhand too had whole-heartedly voted for him in the lok sabha polls, he argued.
the senior leader also has no problem with modi seeking votes for ajsu and ljp candidates as these two parties are now the bjps allies.
in fact, the success of ajsu and ljp candidates through modis campaigns will send positive signal in coalition politics and strengthen the bonding among the partners, he added.
but let me tell you, i am not involved in finalising modijis itinerary.
however, if these parties want modiji to campaign for them, they may make a formal move.
i firmly believe that the bjp will consider their proposal, munda clarified before leaving for gumla and bishunpur to address election meetings along with union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
dev rajunion minister and ljp chief ram vilas paswan greets chief minister nitish kumar with a shawl at the programme in patna on saturday.
picture by nagendra kumar singhpatna: chief minister nitish kumar on saturday blurred the distinction between mahadalits and dalits by announcing that benefits of all welfare schemes run by the mahadalit vikas mission will henceforth be applicable to all scheduled castes.
now all schemes of the mahadalit vikas mission will be for all dalits.
don't worry about 'residential land' or any other thing.
the arrangements for mahadalits will be applicable for all scheduled castes, nitish said.
the announcement, in effect, means that paswans, so far excluded from the benefits extended to other mahadalits, have been brought into the mahadalit fold.
though nitish stopped short of declaring paswan as a mahadalit caste, he went all out to woo it.
the dependants of chowkidars and dafadars (village guards) will get the same posts if their fathers recommend their names slightly before their retirement.
we have decided to increase their annual uniform allowance from rs 3,000 per annum to rs 7,000 for chowkidars and rs 8,000 per year for dafadars, nitish said.
chowkidars and dafadars have been picked from the paswan caste since mughal and british times.
they serve as point-persons for regular police and are considered vital for intelligence gathering.
they are also responsible for night patrolling in villages.
the chief minister reached out to the paswans on a day the national democratic alliance flexed its dalit muscle at a programme hosted by its tallest scheduled caste leader, ram vilas paswan, to mark the 127th birth anniversary of br ambedkar.
the event was attended by, among others, union ministers ravishankarprasad prasad and upendra kushwaha and deputy chief minister sushil kumar modi.
paswan urged his lok janshakti party members to launch an agitation to demand reservation in the judiciary.
we will also move court to get 'reservation in promotion' implemented, he said.
for paswan, nitish's announcement has come as a relief.
ever since nitish rejoined the nda, rjd leaders have needled paswan over his silence on the mahadalit issue.
in 2010, nitish had clubbed 21 of the 22 dalit sections and termed them mahadalits.
the only section he left out was the paswans.
at the time, the ljp chief was with lalu prasad and a political rival.
for nitish, the mahadalit factor has outlived its purpose politically.
dalits constitute around 15 per cent of bihar's population, of which roughly 6 per cent are paswans who are in sizeable numbers in several lok sabha constituencies.
ram vilas paswans son chirag and lalu prasads daughter misa bharati patna, march 9: chirag paswan and misa bharati have brought back to bihar something it hasnt much seen since the days of the maurya and gupta empires: dynasty politics.
but the state has now caught up with the national trend, with chirag convincing father ram vilas paswan to switch to the national democratic alliance after 12 years and lalu prasad handing a poll ticket to daughter misa at the cost of old loyalist ram kripal yadav.
they are asserting their dynastic rights in these lok sabha elections.
it remains to be seen if the electorate accepts them, said n.k. choudhary, principal of patna college and a keen political observer.
elsewhere, rahul gandhi has been playing a more decisive national role and akhilesh yadav is gradually taking over the samajwadi party in uttar pradesh.
in tamil nadu, m.k. stalins role is getting bigger by the day while naveen patnaik stepped into his late fathers shoes long ago in odisha.
ironically, in their early days, lalu prasad and ram vilas were critics of the congresss politics of dynastic rule.
till the last lok sabha polls, second-generation politicians played a minor role in bihar.
in 2009, lalu prasads sons tej pratap and tejaswi would fly with their parents during campaign only to sit rather quietly on the dais.
sometimes, tejaswi would speak a few faltering words urging the crowd to support his father and his rashtriya janata dal (rjd).
ab seekh raha hai (hes learning now), the father would say.
before the 2009 elections, there had been rumours that misa had demanded the pataliputra seat.
eventually, lalu prasad contested the seat himself.
five years on, things have changed.
party sources said misa had this time insisted on contesting from pataliputra right from the beginning.
laluji had to yield, an rjd insider said.
it was a five-hour drama that she staged at ram kripals delhi home on friday.
misa had waited five hours to meet ram kripal after apparently offering to withdraw her candidature from pataliputra in his favour.
tejaswi too has been playing a key role in the rjds programmes.
the rjd used to be a party for social justice; today it is a party for dynastic justice, said a bitter ram kripal, who has quit his party posts.
in 2009, chirag had been flirting more with bollywood than politics.
when his father decided to field filmmaker prakash jha from west champaran, there were rumours that jha would offer chirag a role in a film.
chirag denied this and said he lacked the depth to star in a jha film.
chirag had then confined his role mostly to campaigning in hajipur for his father, who eventually lost.
jha is now a janata dal (united) candidate from west champaran.
in 2013, chirag was made chairperson of the lok janshakti partys (ljp) parliamentary board.
he apparently told his father that since aligning with the rjd, the party had been losing its relevance in bihar.
he is said to have argued that narendra modi is the man for the future and they should ally with the bjp.
it was chirag who held the initial round of talks with bjp leaders shahnawaz hussain, ravishankarprasad prasad and rajiv pratap rudy and thrashed out the details of the alliance before taking his father to meet bjp president rajnath singh.
today, chirag is the ndas candidate for the jamui seat.
both ram vilas and laluji have health problems.
laluji faces legal problems too.
both have realised that their innings are coming to an end.
so, they are handing over the baton to their children, said a senior politician who didnt wish to be quoted.
senior bjp leader nand kishore yadav agreed that dynasty politics was asserting itself in bihar.
but there is a difference between the two parties.
there was no resistance in the ljp when chirag was made chief of the parliamentary board but the resistance to dynasty rule is visible in the rjd, he said.
manohar parrikar new delhi, nov.
5: goa chief minister manohar parrikar is most likely to take over as defence minister when narendra modi shuffles/expands his cabinet for the first time since assuming charge as prime minister this may.
the former iit-ian, labelled as one of the bjps chilled-out politicians, was in delhi last week to call on modi.
he was here again today to meet the prime minister and party president amit shah.
initially, parrikar did not deny suggestions that he would be inducted.
i can comment on it only after meeting the prime minister.
let the prime minister who has invited me comment, he said.
however, after his meeting with prime minister narendra modi, parrikar said: i have not discussed nor has he discussed anything about that.
so, as of now the issue is dead.
the news is dead.
parrikar had fought a hard battle to wrest goa in 2012 by reaching out to the christian community, fielding many minority candidates and ensuring their victory.
he was among the first who had publicly endorsed modi as the partys prime ministerial candidate.
the shuffle/expansion  that could take place on november 9 just before modi leaves on a long overseas trip  is his first effort to hive off work from ministers who hold two or more portfolios and enhance the size of his council by anything between five and 11, political sources said.
those in the over-burdened slot include arun jaitley, nitin gadkari, m. venkaiah naidu, prakash javadekar, ravishankarprasad prasad and nirmala sitharaman.
they could be left with one or, at the most, two departments.
jaitley has been dividing his time between two high-profile ministries  defence and finance and corporate affairs  housed 100 metres apart in the south and north blocks.
in the run-up to the general budget in february, jaitley may be concentrating on finance with a new junior minister, jayant sinha, a former us-based investment fund manager.
the hazaribagh mps father, yashwant, was a finance minister in the atal bihari vajpayee government.
his state, jharkhand, will vote to elect a new government in elections starting later this month.
if sinha is inducted, nirmala, jaitleys deputy in finance, will be left with commerce and corporate affairs but gifted with an elevation as a full-fledged cabinet minister.
modis idea in originally allocating multiple ministries to a single person was to rationalise the size of his government and possibly dovetail operational areas, such as shipping with road transport and highways, and urban development with housing and urban poverty alleviation.
sources said modi never quite saw his concepts translated into action.
some of his ministers never got the big picture because they were allegedly entangled in finding jobs for loyalists or fixing the politics in their home states.
javadekar, minister of state with independent charge of information and broadcasting and environment and forest and climate change, might have either but, like nirmala, could make the cut as a cabinet minister.
delhi mp and bjp spokesperson meenakshi lekhi might fill one of the vacancies.
like jharkhand, delhi will poll shortly.
prasad functions as law and justice and communications and information technology minister.
road transport and shipping minister gadkari is likely to be divested of rural development and drinking water and sanitation, that was handed over to him after maharashtra leader gopinath mundes sudden death.
naidu has parliamentary affairs as well as urban development, housing and urban poverty alleviation.
bjp sources said modi had a major problem.
that is lack of talent and absence of people who can cope with his energy levels.
that is why he has had to turn to the states to meet the shortfall and bring in parrikar, a source said.
bihars feisty mp giriraj singh, who became an embarrassment after he spoke out against muslims, has made it to the list of probables.
rajasthan  that saw one lone and controversial induction of a rape accused, nihalchand meghwal  might have another representative, jodhpur mp gajendra singh shekhawat.
bihar would add 540mw to its power kitty with the inauguration of two plants  660mw unit of barh super thermal power station (stps) and 110mw unit of muzaffarpur thermal power station  on saturday.
bihar would get 99.
5mw more than the agreed 50 per cent from barh plants unit number i (660mw) as bengal has relinquished its share of 199mw from barhs stage ii (the two stages would together generate 1,320mw).
in march 2012, the centre had allocated 50 per cent of power from barhs phase ii plant, 60km east of patna, to bihar as home state share.
but with bengal having relinquished its share, possibly because it has arranged for power from elsewhere, bihar would now get 65 per cent or 429.
5mw power from barh.
another 110mw would come from the muzaffarpur plant.
the barh unit would provide power to bihar, bengal, odisha and states in the northeast.
the formal inauguration of the two plants on saturday  at barh in patna and kanti in muzaffarpur  by union power minister piyush goyal and chief minister jitan ram manjhi, would not only help meet increasing power requirements but also reduce the states dependency on central sector allocation and purchases from the open market.
a host of union ministers from bihar, including ravishankarprasad prasad, radha mohan singh, rajiv pratap rudy, giriraj singh and ram kripal yadav, would also be present at the formal inauguration functions on saturday.
but former chief minister nitish kumar, who as union minister played a pivotal role in bringing the plant to barh, would be busy with his sampark yatra.
then prime minister atal bihari vajpayee had laid the foundation stone of the main plant of stage i on march 6, 1999.
nitish, who was barh mp, took the initiative to bring a major power plant based on super critical technology to the state.
the unit at kanti in muzaffarpur was installed way back in 1978 and would see the light of day after 11 years.
the chimney shut down in 2003 because of a technical snag and had not been revived till now.
the state government and national thermal power station (ntpc) reached an agreement in 2005 to renovate and modernise both units of kanti thermal power station, having capacity of 110 mw each.
ntpc began renovating and modernising both units in 2008.
the first unit started producing electricity in 2013.
ntpc spent rs 471 crore on renovating and modernising the two units.
now, it is the turn of the second 110mw power unit to be commercially available, muzaffarpur district magistrate anupam kumar said.
district authorities, including anupam kumar and senior superintendent of police (ssp) ranjit kumar mishra, inspected the site of the second unit inside mtps as also the venue from which jdu and bjp leaders will subsequently address the public.
talking about the guests arriving from new delhi, district bjp chief arvind kumar singh said he has received the itinerary of the mps from bihar who were recently inducted into the union ministry by narendra modi.
dev rajpatna: lok sabha speaker sumitra mahajan will inaugurate the sixth india region commonwealth parliamentary association conference, being held in bihar for the first time, in patna on friday.
parliamentarians and legislators from all over the country, representatives of rest of the eight commonwealth regions will be at the conference ending on february 19.
speaker mahajan will preside over all sessions of the four-day programme being held by the bihar legislative assembly.
senior bjp leader murli manohar joshi and union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad will deliver keynote addresses.
the theme of the conference, as fixed by the un, is role of parliament and parliamentarians in achieving sustainable development goals.
we have invited all the legislative bodies of india region and representatives of eight other regions.
commonwealth parliamentary association executive committee chairperson emilia m. lifaka and secretary general akbar khan will attend the conference, assembly speaker vijay kumar chaudhary said.
the other commonwealth parliamentary association regions are africa, asia, australia, british islands and mediterranean, canada, caribbean, americas and atlantic, pacific and southeast asia.
the inaugural programme will be held at gyan bhavan on february 17, preceded by meeting of the commonwealth parliamentary association regions india region executive committee.
chief minister nitish kumar and deputy chief minister sushil kumar modi will attend the inaugural function.
murli manohar joshi will speak on parliament's role in the development agenda and ravishankarprasad on the legislature and judiciary, chaudhary said.
pm modi at the republic day parade 2018.
picture by prem singhnew delhi, jan.
26 (pti): the 69th republic day here on friday was witnessed by leaders of ten member nations of the asean who attended the event as chief guests.
prime minister narendra modi paid his tributes to the martyrs by laying a wreath at amar jawan jyoti in the presence of defence minister nirmala sitharaman and the three service chiefs.
modi, wearing a saffron, red and green coloured safa, received and greeted president ram nath kovind.
most of the ministers of the modi government including home minister rajnath singh, finance minister arun jaitley, health minister j p nadda, information and broadcasting minister smriti irani, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad and environment minister harsh vardhan were among those present at the occasion.
bhartiya janta party president amit shah was present too.
the asean leaders, here to attend the india-asean commemorative summit, are the chief guests at the republic day parade which was termed by prime minister narendra modi as historic and unprecedented.
the association of southeast asian nations, founded in 1967, groups thailand, vietnam, indonesia, malaysia, the philippines, singapore, myanmar, cambodia, laos and brunei.
the asean leaders attending the parade are singaporean premier lee hsien loong brunei's sultan haji hassanal bolkiah, indonesian president joko widodo, philippines president rodrigo roa duterte, cambodian prime minister hun sen, malaysian prime minister najib razak, thailand's prime minister general prayut chan-o-cha, myanmar's state counsellor aung san suu kyi, vietnamese prime minister nguyen xuan phuc and lao pdr's prime minister thongloun sisoulith.
the parade began amid a heavy security blanket with thousands of security personnel, anti-aircraft guns and sharpshooters deployed in view of the event being attended by asean leaders.
cold weather and dense fog failed to dampen the spirits of those who came to watch the parade.
new delhi, may 27: law minister ravishankarprasad prasad today said the government might revisit the lok pal act and a bill that seeks to give the executive a say in the appointment of judges but avoided a direct reply on the new regimes stand on homosexuality.
prasad, who is also in charge of telecom, said the right investment climate would be created for attracting foreign direct investment.
but the union minister, who assumed charge this morning and was closeted with law secretary p.k. malhotra and other department officials for over an hour before he met reporters, asserted that the bjp-led government would not brook corruption, extraneous factors and influence in the name of foreign investment.
prasad, a senior supreme court lawyer, said a national judicial commission was part of our manifesto and the new government would, if needed, take a fresh look at the bill, which has been passed in the rajya sabha and needs clearance from the lok sabha.
it is part of our manifesto to have a national judicial commission.
surely, we will go through the existing instrument and if there is a need for (improvement), we may consider it, he told reporters.
the bill, which relates to appointment of judges to the supreme court and high courts, seeks to replace, among others, the collegium system in which judges appoint judges.
the proposed commission that the bill envisages will include the prime minister, the leader of opposition and eminent jurists, apart from judges.
asked about the anti-graft lok pal law, prasad said he would have to go into the details of the act.
it has been passed in the house after final improvements by the select panel.
in my new role as the union law minister, i will look into it, he said.
prasad said the government would give top priority to promoting arbitration and conciliation as alternative systems to address disputes to avoid clogging and to create a favourable investment climate.
he also voiced the new governments opposition to imposing retrospective tax on overseas deals.
asked whether he endorsed the previous governments decision to apply retrospective tax on companies like vodafone  a dispute that reached the supreme court  he said retrospective taxation should be avoided because india needs investment.
our manifesto is clear, we want a stable regime.
those who invest in india must have an assurance of a stable, fiscal policy and legal regime.
but any wrongdoing, corruption or extraneous reason will be visited very seriously.
the minister said improvement of infrastructure, creation of more courts, more computerisation, more judges and also creating all other enabling atmosphere to improve access to justice would be high-priority areas.
for good governance, good legal access is essential.
we will work in this direction, he said.
on the gay sex law, however, prasad appeared evasive.
we will have to examine the supreme court judgment.
i will have to examine what is the nature of the governments direction, he said, asked whether the government was opposed to the deletion of section 377 under which gay sex is a criminal offence.
the penal code section has become a contentious issue after the supreme court upheld its constitutional validity but granted the government liberty to delete the provision.
the previous upa government did not accept the gauntlet thrown down by the apex court.
prasad said the government would shortly constitute a special investigation team in accordance with the apex courts directive to unearth black money stashed abroad.
(unearthing) black money is part of our manifesto.
a proper sit for unearthing the black money will be set up.
the black money issue is our priority area, he said.
on ending capital punishment, prasad said the government has to take into consideration judgments from the apex court and views of various sections of the society.
new delhi, feb.
27: ram vilas paswan today returned to the nda family, providing a shot-in-the-arm for the bjp and also resuscitating his own political career that had once appeared to be sliding downhill.
the 67-year-old leader of the lok janshakti party (ljp) had parted ways with the nda in 2002 over the gujarat riots and the then atal bihari vajpayee-led centres failure to act against narendra modi.
the bjp made the announcement of the alliance at a news meet here late tonight at the residence of bjp president rajnath singh.
the party also cleared its first list of 54 candidates for the lok sabha polls.
paswan and his heir-apparent and son, chirag paswan, were present at the news meet.
also present was the pantheon of bihar bjp leaders, including sushil kumar modi, rameshwar chourasia and mangal pandey.
under the deal stitched today, the ljp will contest seven of bihars 40 lok sabha seats.
the party, which was in alliance with lalu prasads rjd in 2009, had drawn a blank then.
the seven seats are jamui, hajipur, vaishali, jhanjharpur, munger, khagaria and samastipur.
none of them belongs to the bjp.
paswan, chirag and his brother, ramchander paswan, are expected to fight the lok sabha polls.
the last loose ends were stitched up today in a series of meetings that senior bihar bjp leaders  ravishankarprasad prasad, shahnawaz hussain and rajiv pratap rudy  had with the ljp president and chirag.
the alliance was blessed by modi and executed by hussain, who was called its architect.
the political rationale was that the re-alliance with paswan  he was part of the atal bihari vajpayee-led nda  would enhance modis acceptability in the larger national spectrum.
a source said his return meant that the communal stigma modi was stuck with for 10 years might get diluted and pave the way for other former nda allies to return without qualms.
bjp sources also maintained that paswans vote share remained around six per cent and his caste votes were as easily transferable as mayawatis in uttar pradesh.
the ljps vote quantum, they claimed, would make up for the loss of two per cent or so that accrued to the bjp from its former ally, the janata dal (united).
more than anything else, sources said the ljp-bjp alliance could establish the bjps position as the main pole of bihars politics and scramble the opposition space, with the jd(u), rjd and the congress fighting for the secular and minority votes.
the ljp-bjp alliance will be on show at the march 3 rally of modi at muzaffarpur.
also present there would be upendra kushwaha, an obc leader who heads the rashtriya lok samata party in bihar.
s.m. shahbazgovernor satya pal malikpatna: all big shots in the bjp will showcase their yoga skills during international yoga day celebrations in the city on thursday.
governor satya pal malik will inaugurate the event in the morning while deputy chief minister sushil kumar modi will be the chief guest.
modi, union minister of law and justice and it ravishankarprasad prasad and state health minister mangal pandey will showcase their yoga skills at the global campaign to disseminate yoga as a national heritage since its inception in 2015.
chief minister nitish kumar and jdu ministers are, however, likely to skip the event.
over 3,000 people consisting of students, sportspersons, government officials, teachers and ncc cadets will do yoga at patliputra sports complex in kankerbagh, said ashish kumar sinha, director-cum-secretary of the sports authority of bihar, the nodal agency to organise the event.
for the first time, the department of culture is organising yoga in patna on such a grand scale, ashish said.
vanijya mahavidya of patna university has started a three-day yoga training workshop beginning tuesday to encourage students to adopt yoga in their lives.
ram subhag singh, in-charge of yoga training in the college, said: our objective is to spread awareness about the ancient heritage of our country.
not only is it taking us closer to our culture, but also helping people overcome diseases and stress that are a result of urban lifestyle.
our college is planning to launch a certificate course for our graduate and post graduate students so that they are trained in yoga during their college education and nourish their lives thereafter, said vanijya mahavidyalaya principal b.n. pandey.
it will be started from the next academic session in 2019 on the governor's approval.
on wednesday evening, the deputy chief minister, accompanied culture minister krishna kumar rishi, called on officials to review arrangements made to host the event.
the officials, however, briefed him about the arrangements ranging from water availability, medical facilities and security arrangements during the event.
prime minister narendra modi is scheduled to roll out his yoga mat amid over 55,000 others in dehradun.
celebrations will also be held in over 150 countries on the occasion.
the prime minister had zealously pitched for observing june 21, the longest day in the northern hemisphere, as international yoga day.
while proposing it at the united nations general assembly (unga) on september 27, 2014, he described yoga as an invaluable gift of india's ancient tradition.
it is not about exercise but to discover the sense of oneness with yourself, the world and the nature.
it embodies unity of mind and body; thought and action; restraint and fulfilment; harmony between man and nature.
let us work towards adopting an international yoga day, he had said.
dev rajpatna: one of the six rajya sabha candidates - all of whom are going to be elected unopposed - is no less than a king.
all the others pale into insignificance before him.
it comes as no surprise that mahendra prasad, 78, fielded by chief minister nitish kumar's jdu, is addressed as king mahendra, and rightly so.
he is worth rs 4,039 crore, of which rs 4,010 crore is in movable assets and rs 29 crore in immovable assets.
his wife uma devi has assets and property worth rs 39 crore.
while filing income tax returns in 2016-17, he pegged his income at rs 303.
5 crore and that of his spouse at rs 2.
64 crore.
however, he keeps just rs 2 lakh cash in hand, while his wife keeps around rs 3 lakh.
a graduate in arts from patna university, mahendra, who has established three pharmaceutical companies - aristo pharmaceuticals, aristo laboratories and mapra - will become the richest mp from bihar and arguably the entire parliament.
this will be his seventh term in rajya sabha.
he was a member of the lok sabha from 1980-84.
the native of govindpur village under ghosi block in jehanabad district, is also more than a match for prime minister narendra modi, who is when it comes to visiting foreign countries.
the centre calls mahendra the most widely travelled parliamentarian; he has visited 205 countries.
the pharmaceutical tycoon doesn't believe in acquiring much real estate, but he and his wife own some agricultural land in jehanabad, a commercial building in calcutta's shakespeare sarani and at lower parel, juhu, bandra and andheri in mumbai.
they own around 1,375 gm of gold and silver coins worth 750 gm.
though mahendra has no case pending against him, he has a revolver, a rifle and a double barrel gun apart from their ammunition.
he or his wife don't have any automobile registered in their names.
another noteworthy candidate is ahmad ashfaque karim, 56, who established katihar medical college in katihar, around 300km northeast of patna.
he has been fielded by lalu prasad's rjd.
previously associated with the ljp, karim was in the news in 2013 when patna ssp manu maharaaj had led a raid at his house in patna to recover rs 2 crore in cash, cheques worth rs 25 lakh, passbooks having rs 1 crore in deposits, an unlicensed firearm and a diary containing details about money collected from mbbs candidates.
he was jailed, but the affidavit with his nomination papers says patna high court had quashed the case.
karim has two wives, one of them a medical practioner, and a daughter.
he has movable and immovable property worth rs 29 crore while his family members have total assets worth rs 18.
5 crore.
he has 15 bank accounts spread across bangalore, new delhi, madhepura, katihar, patna and hajipur and is also associated with construction and dairy business.
he has land and houses in haryana, delhi, mumbai, patna, katihar and muzaffarpur in various cities and owns three high-end vehicles.
#congress candidate akhilesh prasad singh, 56, lists his and his wife veena singh's profession as social service.
they have enumerated sources of income as rentals, bank interest, agriculture, service and business.
widely tipped off till recently as the future bihar pradesh congress committee (bpcc) president, akhilesh owns movable and immovable property worth rs 19 crore.
his spouse's assets are pegged at rs 15 crore.
an interesting aspect of the property details of the arwal native's wife is that she owns 2 hectares of agricultural land on south andaman island near port blair.
the plot, bought for rs 20.
44 lakh in 2007 is now worth rs 4.
5 crore.
akhilesh and his wife have non-agriculture land in patna, arwal, haryana and new delhi too.
#union minister for law and justice, electronics and information technology, ravishankarprasad prasad, 63, is a patna boy and also a senior advocate in the supreme court.
he has movable assets worth rs 17.
72 crore and immovable assets worth rs 3.
74 crore.
his total worth is over rs 21 crore.
his wife is a professor of history at patna university.
he has 20gm of gold and his wife 550gm.
he also has three high-end automobiles, including two suvs.
rjd national spokesperson manoj jha, who is all set to be elected to the council of states, with, his wife namrata jha and two daughters, have assets worth rs 98 lakh.
he is a professor with the department of social work in delhi university.
the family has around 270 grams of gold and 1.
2 kg of silver, two automobiles and a residential flat at baghpat in uttar pradesh.
#the poorest candidate is jdu state president bashishtha narayan singh.
the 68-year-old is a native of kopwan village in buxar district.
his wife is a homemaker; they have a daughter.
the family's total movable and immovable assets are pegged at rs 43 lakh, including 236 grams of gold and 2.
5 kg silver.
bashishtha's main source of income are the salary he gets as a rajya sabha member and interest on bank deposits.
the chest versus the rest  and an occasional punch below the belt.
bjp leaders have dropped loud hints of a testosterone-driven four-pronged theme that will drive its election campaign: drum up national security concerns, underscore the threat from pakistan-based terror groups, paint the opposition as pro-pakistan and pit narendra modi as a strong leader against a rudderless alternative.
the theme was road-tested on monday itself, less than 24 hours after the poll schedule was announced.
finance minister arun jaitley called the opposition a coalition of rivals and law minister ravishankarprasad prasad accused rahul gandhi of instigating congress leaders to question the valour of the armed forces.
cutting through the high-sounding clutter, uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath came to the point without any pretence.
keeping in view the forceful action the modiji-led government has taken recently by way of air strike in pakistan-occupied kashmir, modijis government will be formed once again in the country, adityanath tweeted later on monday.
neither did the discourse prevent another union minister, ananth kumar hegde, from calling the congress president a pardesi and referring to his parents by what the bjp leader said was their religion.
a video clip circulating now shows the minister making the comments at a meeting in karnataka last friday, the contents of which were vigorously defended by a bjp leader on a tv channel at primetime.
on his part, jaitley took to his favourite medium of facebook to extol the leadership qualities of modi, conjuring up a scary image of the opposition alliance, while prasad focused on keeping the attention on terror originating from pakistan-held territory.
jaitley claimed that unlike in the past, there was no anti-incumbency this time.
modi enjoys the comfort level and the confidence of the people and so the question of unhappy voters ousting the leader doesnt arise, he added.
he (modi) has proved to the world that india can be administered with integrity and honesty.
india is capable of tough decisions in order to ensure growth to enable india to secure itself.
india occupies the high table in the world, he wrote, crediting everything to modi in a post titled agenda 2019: the leadership issue.
on the opposition, jaitley said: what was promised to be mahagathbandhan is turning out to be a gathbandhan of several conflicting gathbandhans.
it is a self-destructive coalition of rivals.
law minister prasad addressed the media to claim that congress leaders were questioning the valour of the air force under the instigation and patronage of rahul gandhi.
when the entire world is standing in support of india and no country is questioning the airstrikes, congress leaders are going on raising questions, prasad said.
this is being done under the instigation, patronage and direction of rahul gandhi.
polls will come and go but the country and the army will remain, he added.
party leaders indicated that they would like to keep the issue alive, assured that it would sway voters cutting across caste divides.
internally, party leaders have been asked to keep focusing on the balakot air strikes, highlighting the weakness of the congress and the strong leadership of modi.
the bjp believes that the combined strength of the opposition can only be defeated if the upcoming polls gravitate around modis personality.
jaitley tried to underscore the contradictions of various opposition leaders while terming rahul an inadequate leader.
the bsp and the sp will contest against the congress but eventually join hands.
so will the trinamul and the congress-left alliance in west bengal.
however, in kerala, the congress and the left will contest against each other, he wrote.
picking out bengal chief minister mamata banerjee, jaitley said she was positioning herself as the sutradhar (compere) of the opposition alliance but wants the congress and the left to remain under her.
her (mamatas) instinctive comments on policy issues are retrograde, jaitley said.
he tried to suggest that most opposition parties can change their positions.
barring the congress and the left, most of them have done political business with the bjp in the past.
their ideologies and commitment to their constituents are widely different, jaitley posted.
front page > bihar > good morning good morning meet interactive session on indo-us relations, iibm auditorium, buddha marg, 2.
30pm.
lecture anugraha narayan sinha memorial lecture, an sinha institute of social studies, 3pm.
ceremony an college will host anugraj jayanti ceremony, college campus, boring road, 5pm.
camp indian institute of health education and research will host a health camp, institute premises, anishabad, 9.
30am.
interaction media interaction of bihar congrees in-charge gulchain singh charak, scada business centre, 12.
30pm.
media interaction of bjp national general secretary, ravishankarprasad prasad, party office, beer chand patel path, 3.
30pm.
union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad addresses the media in new delhi on tuesday, february 12, 2019 (pti)the bjp on tuesday accused rahul gandhi of being a lobbyist of competitive plane supplier companies.
it is our very serious charge with full sense of responsibility that rahul gandhi is working as a lobbyist of competitive plane supplier companies, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said.
the retort was in response to rahul gandhis fresh attack on the prime minister over the rafale deal.
let rahul gandhi first explain from where he got the internal email of airbus.
who is supplying him?
he added.
the minister called congress leaders brokers and lobbyists and referred to christian michel, the alleged middleman in the augustawestland helicopter deal, to attack the nehru-gandhi family.
in the run-up to the general elections, the nehru-gandhi family has emerged as the prime target of attack for the bjp.
union minister without portfolio arun jaitley too came up with a facebook post to again launch an all-out attack on the dynasty.
jaitley, in his post titled how many lies need to be peddled to sustain a sinking dynasty?
, took on congress leaders for claiming a conflict of interest of the present comptroller & auditor general (cag), rajeev mehrishi, heading the audit of the rafale deal.
jaitley claimed that mehrishi, as secretary (economic affairs) and also the designated finance secretary in 2014-15 was not involved in any manner with the rafale deal.
the slave mentality of senior leaders convinces them that they must only sing the song scripted by the dynast.
a contrarian opinion will cost them their political career.
when the dynast speaks lies, they all join the chorus, jaitley wrote.
as senior ministers took on the dynasty, modi, addressing a public meeting in kurukshetra of haryana, called the opposition a group of corrupt leaders and projected himself as the lone crusader against corruption.
jo bhrast hai, unko modi se kast hai (those who are corrupt, they have a problem with modi), he said and vowed to continue the safai abhiyan (clean-up drive).
seeking the support of the people, the prime minister said that he needed their blessings to undertake the clean-up.
calcutta, april 15: lack of skilled cyber security personnel is turning out to be the major challenge for the centre's digital push.
a study by industry association nasscom estimates the global cyber security market to reach $190 billion by 2025 from $85 billion in 2015.
for india, the cyber security product and services industry is likely to be around $35 billion by 2025.
the report, titled growing cyber security industry: roadmap for india, sees demand from a host of users with requirements ranging from national defence to protection of intellectual property and employee, customer and personal information across industries.
it is further estimated that around a million cyber security professionals will be needed to support the growing demand.
however, availability of such skilled professionals is falling short of the demand, according to gulshan rai, national cyber security co-ordinator, government of india.
manpower is a critical challenge while building cyber security capacity.
we need to train people how to look at the threat within the organisation and outside.
we had estimated in 2013 that we need half a million trained security personnel in the country.
last year, the exercise was done by nasscom and their estimates suggested that the figure had gone up to a million and today it might be slightly more than that, rai said at an event organised by cisco in gurgaon.
the government has initiated a training exercise but that number is only in thousands and does not meet the requirement, he said, adding that private players need to consider training such personnel.
union electronics and information technology minister ravishankarprasad prasad had recently said in the lok sabha that cert-in was conducting training of cyber security professionals, including the chief information security officers of the government.
according to prasad, 18 such programmes were conducted covering 580 participants in 2016.
in addition, two workshops on the security of digital payments have been held for stakeholder organisations covering 110 participants.
operational since 2004, cert-in, under the ministry of electronics and information technology, is the nodal agency looking into cyber security incidents and prescribing the guidelines.
demo effect the centre's demonetisation move has led to a rapid rise in digital transactions, making it necessary for the banking and financial sectors to have stronger security.
rai said india could achieve a target of having a billion internet users by 2020 which will drive the need to strengthen cyber security, especially in the case of financial transactions.
we need to have a digital transaction which is trustworthy, he said.
rai added that companies needed to invest in security operation centres to detect threats and take preventive action.
new delhi, july 14: the bjp sees todays trinamul u-turn on the trai and andhra bills as a coup because it considered them test cases of its ability to foil the emergence of an opposition coalition in parliament.
party sources say the same objective lies behind the bjps resolve to deny the congress the post of the leader of the lok sabha opposition, on the plea that it lacks one-tenth of the houses seats.
they argue that if the congress gets the post, that would legitimise its claim to be the spearhead of the opposition in the house and allow it to try and coalesce other parties around itself.
the government today succeeded in largely isolating the congress in both houses as it got the amendment bills on trai and andhra reorganisation passed respectively in the lok sabha and the rajya sabha, despite its lack of numbers in the upper house.
a senior minister pooh-poohed the congress talk of a larger anti-bjp grouping of like-minded secular forces, claiming that no party wanted to sit next to the congress in the house.
in both houses, the ruling allies sit on the right side, with the largest opposition party getting the first seats to their left and so on.
the leaders of the legislature parties sit in the first row.
the minister said the aiadmk, the second-largest opposition party with 37 mps after the congresss 44, was reluctant to sit next to congress members.
convention dictates that aiadmk legislature party leader m. thambidurai be a neighbour of sonia gandhi and mallikarjun kharge in the lok sabha.
its a prospect thambidurai does not relish, the minister claimed.
this is the reason the speaker has not been able to allocate the seats.
how can we physically isolate the congress even if we can do it politically?
the minister said.
on the budget sessions first day, when the congress stalled proceedings after being denied an adjournment motion on price rise, the government was worried at the display of aggression and its potential to unite the opposition, sources said.
so, the bjp was overjoyed at its success in todays test, especially after a senior ministers observation last week that trinamul was fast replacing the congress as a serious opposition in parliament.
ministers m. venkaiah naidu and ravishankarprasad prasad had apparently worked on mamata banerjee through trinamul intermediaries over the weekend.
the bjp and its pre-poll allies have just 56 members in the rajya sabha, way below the halfway mark of 123, so it needs all the support it can marshal to get tricky bills passed.
in the lok sabha today, the bjp received support from all the parties except the congress, left and the aam aadmi party.
in the rajya sabha, the telangana rashtra samiti, biju janata dal and the congresss telangana mps opposed the reorganisation bill, which seeks to transfer 200-odd villages from telangana to andhra to facilitate the polavaram dam project.
trinamul, which opposed the bill last week, stayed away as the legislation was passed by voice vote.
the government mediators who tapped the non-congress parties had offered two arguments.
one, the trai amendment was not an ideological issue and not against the national interest.
two, the congress may be accusing the government of bulldozing bills through parliament, but the upa had promulgated 61 ordinances in 10 years, with 11 in 2013 alone.
amit bhelarinear, yet so far: lalu prasad with sushil modi and the newlyweds and (right) nitish kumar with arun jaitley at the wedding.
pictures by nagendra kumar singhpatna: what strange creatures brothers are!
this quote, from jane austen's mansfield park, perhaps sums up how bihar chief minister nitish kumar and his alliance partner-turned-rival lalu prasad avoided each other at the wedding of deputy chief minister sushil kumar modi's elder son on sunday.
the who's who of bihar politics - including bitter foes such as lalu and giriraj singh buried the hatchet temporarily as utkarsh tathagat, an mba who works with a multinational company in bangalore, tied the knot with yamini verma, a chartered accountant from calcutta.
nitish sat 10 sofas away from his now estranged brother, rjd chief lalu prasad, but the two did not even look at each other for the roughly two hours they both spent at the wedding.
nitish reached the venue, the bihar veterinary college grounds, at 2.
45 pm, which was 15 minutes before the scheduled time.
sushil modi received him at the special entrance for vips.
lalu reached at 3.
05 pm, when sushil was busy welcoming other guests.
as lalu entered, the telegraph asked him if he would meet and greet nitish.
why not?
lalu asked back.
nitish, however, sat alone.
when he spotted ravishankarprasad prasad, he called the union minister to sit next to him.
union finance minister arun jaitley was also led to where nitish was sitting.
sushil eventually went up to where lalu was sitting with former chief minister jagannath mishra, who like the rjd chief is facing trial in the fodder scam and appears before the cbi court in ranchi frequently.
the meeting between lalu and sushil, who has been making a series of revelations about the rjd chief's family assets, lasted not more than 15 seconds; it was just a photo-op in which they shook hands.
nitish met and greeted chief ministers raghubar das (jharkhand), raman singh (chhattisgarh), trivendra singh rawat (uttarakhand) and manohar lal khattar (haryana), uttar pradesh deputy chief minister keshav prasad maurya, and governors ganga prasad (meghalaya) and mridula sinha (goa).
several union ministers and bjp leaders, including ravishankarprasad and giriraj, met lalu.
even madhepura mp pappu yadav, who was earlier in the rjd and had once said that if both lalu's sons win assembly elections he would retire from politics, also met the rjd chief.
lalu's sons were also conspicuous by their absence at the wedding.
when sushil requested the ministers to come on the dais and bless the newlywed couple, nitish went first along with other chief ministers.
sushil was calling out names one by one.
he called lalu and former bihar chief minister jitan ram manjhi together.
by the time lalu reached stage, nitish had left the premises.
the last time lalu and nitish had met was on june 23 this year, when lalu had thrown an iftar party at his 10 circular road residence.
the next month the grand alliance government of the jdu-rjd-congress collapsed.
our special correspondentrahul gandhi at the demonstration in front of mahatma gandhis statue.
picture by prem singhnew delhi:the congress alleged on tuesday that the government was trying to divert the nation's attention from the main question of how so many fraudsters fled india despite repeated warnings by raising irrelevant issues and selectively targeting rivals.
party communications chief randeep surjewala said: the main question is how the fraudsters have fled the country.
why are the prime minister and the finance minister not talking about it?
there can't be any debate without accountability and action.
the congress held a demonstration led by rahul gandhi on the parliament premises in the morning where placards read:  baki sab bahana hai/nirav ko bachana hai (everything else is an excuse, the main idea is to save nirav modi).
rahul, the congress president, later tweeted: the roar of this slogan can be heard in parliament today: nirav modi, modi nirav.
ek nirav modi hai, doosra modi nirav hai (one is nirav modi, the other modi is silent).
rahul was pointing to prime minister narendra modi's silence on the scam involving diamantaire nirav modi.
surjewala also came up with a slogan expressing the same idea:  loot ki chhoot, modi mute (freedom to loot, modi mute).
former union minister anand sharma rejected law minister ravishankarprasad prasad's charge that former finance minister p. chidambaram took a decision on may 16, 2014, on the day of the lok sabha election results, to benefit private firms under the 80:20 gold import scheme.
sharma said: this is the most preposterous remark a minister can make.
they are spreading canards to mislead the nation.
prasad had said yesterday: chidambaram gave seven private firms benefits under the 80:20 gold import scheme on may 16, 2014, the day the narendra modi-led bjp was swept to power, ousting the upa.
what does it mean?
.
.
.
congress chief rahul gandhi should tell us why this order to benefit seven private firms was passed on that day.
sharma said the 80:20 gold scheme was notified by the rbi on july 22, 2013, and no decision had been taken on may 16, 2014.
he said: when import bills, because of petroleum and gold import, badly affected the current account deficit, the 80:20 gold import scheme was introduced.
of the total imported gold, 20 per cent had to be exported with value addition under this scheme.
does the bjp minister say this was not in national interest?
sharma released an rbi circular that said gold could be imported by notified entities like the state trading corporation, mmtc, the state bank of india and premium trading houses - private players that can qualify for this category if they fulfil certain criteria.
he insisted that restrictions on gold import were necessary and no policy was made to benefit one or two persons.
mamata banerjee on the dharna dais at metro channel in calcutta.
she ended the dharna in the presence of andhra pradesh chief minister chandrababu naidu, ptithe supreme court on tuesday issued the following directives on a petition linked to the standoff between the cbi and the bengal government:calcutta police commissioner rajeev kumar should appear before the cbi and fully cooperate with the investigative agency at all times.
no coercive steps, including arrest, shall be taken against the commissioner.
in order to avoid all unnecessary controversy, the police commissioner should appear before the cbi in shillong, meghalaya, on such date(s) as may be fixed.
the bengal chief secretary, the director-general of police and the calcutta commissioner of police should file replies on or before february 18 to the contempt petition against them.
on the basis of the replies, the officers will be informed on february 19 whether their presence is required in the court on february 20.
the union home ministry on tuesday recommended to the bengal government departmental proceedings against kumar for allegedly sitting on the dharna with the chief minister on sunday night.
mamata dismissed the charge, saying: he never sat on the dais or joined the dharna.
he was doing his duty as i was here, running the government from here.
not the dharna manch, but the police outpost down there.
why didi won this roundthe court order was welcomed by both sides, which raised the question why the cbi did not approach the court in the first place instead of forcing a showdown on sunday afternoon outside the police commissioners home.
the sense of urgency that the central agency sought to whip up also stands deflated because the court did not order any immediate action.
in fact, the next hearing is scheduled for only on february 20.
the possibility of destruction of evidence was cited by the cbi to seek an immediate hearing but it could not back up the innuendo on monday.
the court had said it would act decisively if there was even a whiff of tampering with evidence.
on tuesday, central sources claimed that material evidence had been given to the court in a sealed cover  an enigmatic instrument that has become popular since the rafale deal and the cbi mess hit the headlines.
it is not clear whether the court went through the contents of the sealed cover.
since the court did not order any immediate and drastic action, the court did not either feel compelled enough to go through the purported evidence immediately or it wants more time to assess the evidentiary value.
either way, it again brings under stress the cbis urgency theory.
the biggest gain for mamata is that she has positioned herself as a national trendsetter who struck back with ferocity when the narendra modi government tried to browbeat her with an oft-misused bogey called the cbi.
on tuesday evening, akhilesh yadav issued a clarion call to stand up to such tactics.
the mamata manch at metro channel became a magnet of sorts for leaders from across the country  some of whom turned up in person who expressed solidarity with her.
the dharna was called off in the evening.
in order to keep up the momentum of the movement against the modi government, mamata is planning to take the protest to delhi later this month.
how come both sides are claiming victory?
mamatas statements were made on the dharna dais on tuesday after the supreme court issued the directives.
the bjps version was collated from news conferences of union ministers smriti irani and ravishankarprasad prasad in new delhi, besides interactions with multiple state unit leaders, including national secretary rahul sinha and bengal general secretary sayantan basu.
court: the calcutta police commissioner has to faithfully cooperate with the cbi.
mamata: he was always willing to cooperate.
we never said we will not cooperate.
our fight was against the political vendetta that resulted in this abuse of the agency.
bjp: egg on mamatas face as she was trying to shield kumar from having to cooperate with the cbi.
sc: no coercive steps, including arrest, can be taken against the police commissioner.
mamata: we are grateful.
we welcome the supreme court verdict.
this is what we wanted.
bjp: it shows nobody, including the police commissioner, is above the law.
sc: kumar should appear before the cbi in shillong.
mamata: shillong is a beautiful place.
we welcome it.
kumar doesnt get any break, he will get two days to relax there.
this is the court upholding our stand.
kumar had written five letters to the cbi seeking meetings and discussions in a neutral venue.
bjp: this is the courts recognition of the total lawlessness in bengal.
b'amit shah new delhi, may 19: bjp president amit shah today questioned the congress\'s right to criticise the narendra modi government on job creation.
the congress has no right to ask questions, given the performance of 10 years of the upa government, shah said at shikhar sammelan, a day-long programme on abp news, owned by the publishers of the telegraph, to mark the third anniversary of the modi government.
shah was responding to a question on former finance minister p. chidambaram\'s charge about poor job creation during the nda regime.
the bjp chief denied the charge, saying that the start-up and mudra bank schemes had created self-employment opportunities and generated crores of jobs.
on kashmir, he said the problem was limited to only three and a half districts and expressed confidence that the situation would soon be brought under control in the valley.
he said kashmir had seen worse situations in the past.
shah termed modi as the country\'s most popular leader post-independence and said that under his decisive leadership, india was on way to emerging as a global leader.
asked about mamata banerjee\'s charge that the cbi and the ed were being misused, shah said trinamul leaders were seen taking bribe on television and there was no way they could deny it.
do they want that no action should be taken?
he asked.
shah also revealed that he had been writing a diary every day since 1980.
he, however, declined to discuss the issue in detail and said the diary writing was for his personal guidance.
uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath was another star attraction at the event in which ministers ravishankarprasad prasad, kiren rijiju, prakash javadekar, smriti irani, jitendra singh and mukhtar abbas naqvi participated.
opposition leaders such as lalu prasad, akhilesh yadav and jyotiraditya scindia also took part.
asaduddin owaisi was another speaker.
adityanath said his government was following the modi model of governance and trying to change the face of the state.
he lauded modi and said the prime minister was focused on development without discriminating on the basis of caste, creed or religion and his government too was doing the same.
union minister mahesh sharma said those who take the law into their hands in the name of cow protection would be punished.
new delhi, jan.
25: the centre may announce a tax amnesty scheme to bring back black money stashed in banks abroad, finance minister pranab mukherjee hinted today.
he declined to share the names of those who have black money in foreign banks as it violates international law.
by one estimate, anything between $450 billion and $1.
5 trillion is in these accounts.
mukherjees news conference was called today at the behest of prime minister manmohan singh who wanted the finance minister to clarify the governments position.
the government has nothing to hide, mukherjee said.
but the problem is that information we have obtained has come under some conditions of secrecy.
today, if we disclose (the names), tomorrow other countries will not give me information, raising an accusing finger that you do not meet international commitments.
mukherjee said the government had set up a committee to look into the possibility of an amnesty scheme.
i have appointed a group to look into it and make suggestions and recommendations, he said.
the government has the names of account holders in lgt bank at liechtenstein, and information shared by other banks in that country.
the information has been given to the supreme court in a sealed envelope, mukherjee said.
the apex court had last week lashed out at the government, saying it was hiding behind niceties on a matter that amounted to plunder of the national economy.
mukherjee said: as and when the income-tax authorities are in a position to prosecute tax evaders, you will come to know .
you know there is always a double side to these amnesty schemes.
sometimes, if somebody is allowed, you will be highly criticised because this will be at the cost of the honest taxpayers.
sometimes it helps to bring some money.
the bjp and the cpm criticised the amnesty plan.
the governments stand is delightfully vague .
people are at least entitled to know who are the persons against whom proceedings are going on, bjp spokesperson ravishankarprasad prasad said today.
the cpm said it would oppose the tax amnesty.
much of this money has been taken out illegally.
so, there is no question of an amnesty, cpm general secretary prakash karat said.
in 1997, then finance minister p. chidambaram had launched an attempt to unearth black money through his no-questions-asked voluntary disclosure of income scheme.
the exercise yielded rs 7,800 crore in taxes.
mukherjee said the enforcement directorate and the income-tax department were pursuing cases of tax evasion of up to $15 billion and alleged money laundering by absconding pune businessman hasan ali, who is reportedly among 18 people about whom foreign banks have shared information with delhi.
our special correspondentrahul gandhi protests outside parliament on friday.
picture by prem singhnew delhi: rahul gandhi alleged on friday that cambridge analytica was used to sabotage the congress's prospects before the 2014 parliamentary elections and that the bjp made counter-allegations only to pre-empt an expose.
the congress president tweeted: bjp lying factory at work: journalist set to break big story on how cambridge analytica was paid to infiltrate and sabotage the congress in 2012.
bjp rushes cabinet minister to lie and spin fake news: congress worked with ca!
real story vanishes.
rahul attached to his tweet an ndtv interview of the co-founder of cambridge analytica's indian partner ovleno business intelligence (obi).
rahul hinted that the bjp got wind of the interview and deployed law minister ravishankarprasad prasad to link the congress to cambridge analytica to minimise the damage.
for the past few days, the congress and the bjp have been accusing each other of using the discredited firm for election work.
while the bjp has alleged that cambridge analytica worked for rahul in the gujarat elections, the congress has claimed that the bjp had hired the services of the firm for polls in five states as well as the 2014 general election.
avneesh rai, the co-founder of obi, told ndtv in the interview telecast on thursday that alexander nix, the disgraced ceo of the uk-based firm, had plotted to defeat the congress in the 2014 parliamentary elections.
rai is listed as a director of strategic communications laboratories (scl) pvt ltd, founded in 2011 as an indian wing of scl uk, the parent company of cambridge analytica.
cambridge analytica has been accused of improperly accessing facebook user information to build profiles on american voters that were later used to help elect donald trump in 2016.
rai is said to have worked with amrish tyagi, son of jdu leader k.c. tyagi, at scl and obi.
rai said: alexander nix visited india in 2011 and began talks with me and tyagi to jointly prepare a database of indian voters and manage the subsequent elections for potential political parties as clients.
nix was keen to pitch the firm's services to the congress.
one of the plans was to gift a database of five lok sabha constituencies to rahul gandhi, which included gandhi family pocket boroughs like amethi and rae bareli.
rai added: the data collection was conducted by joint teams of obi and scl (uk) in 2012.
later a survey questionnaire appeared to hurt the congress even though we were pitching for a congress contract.
it relied heavily on questions on scams during the upa era, even though it was supposed to be a pro-congress survey.
a woman of indian origin who described herself as 'from the client side' said we are here to defeat the congress.
when i confronted nix, he initially denied the allegation.
later, he said that 'i am here to make money'.
but he refused to divulge the identity of the client.
rai claimed obi had worked for the bjp in the 2012 uttar pradesh elections.
sanjeev kumar vermapatna: the bjp on friday maintained that it would not allow any dilution in the provisions of the sc/st (prevention of atrocities) act and, if needed, its government at the centre would bring an ordinance to restore its provisions as defined in the law.
the party's stand was articulated in public by bihar deputy chief minister sushil kumar modi at a programme organised by the scheduled caste cell of the bjp on the eve of the birth anniversary of b.r. ambedkar.
several senior leaders of the party, including union minister for law and justice ravishankarprasad prasad, bjp bihar unit president nityanand rai and state ministers nand kishore yadav and prem kumar, were present.
the centre has filed an affidavit urging the supreme court to take back its directive regarding the act.
if we don't get justice from the supreme court, the narendra modi government will bring an ordinance for restoring the act in its original form, sushil modi said.
his announcement comes at a time the bjp has been facing flak from opposition parties on the issue.
several of these parties had supported the nationwide bandh called by a dalit organisation on the sc ruling.
jim corbett wikimedia commonsfew would have thought that nothing less than the famed tracking skills of edward james corbett would be required 64 years after he passed away to find out what the prime minister of india did between 3.
10pm and 5.
10pm on february 14, 2019.
by most accounts prime minister narendra modi was at the national park named after corbett, better known as jim corbett, the celebrated hunter, tracker and naturalist.
the prime minister was apparently being filmed for a discovery programme on the noble causes that the channel usually promotes.
unfortunately, the two-hour window has become a talking point in the middle of a tragedy and diplomatic stand-off with dangerous overtones because the modi government is refusing to clear the air.
the question aired by the opposition  what the prime minister was doing between 3.
10pm and 5.
10pm  cannot be dismissed as trivial because the pulwama attack took place at or not too long after 3.
10pm.
government sources are insisting the attack took place at 3.
33pm and by then the film shoot was over.
but accounts from the ground suggest the prime minister was in the area till it turned almost dark.
he addressed a meeting over the phone around 5pm but did not make any mention of the pulwama attack.
which raises the unavoidable question whether he was kept in the dark.
the problem is that precise information is being given out so far only by government sources, not by the prime minister himself or any government spokesperson on record.
on record, this is what law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said on thursday when a reporter quoted the congress as saying the shoot continued till 6.
30-7pm.
(an official told this newspaper the shoot had taken place sometime between 2.
30pm and 5pm).
reporter: did the prime minister not get information about the attack and if he got it, why was the shoot not stopped?
prasad (intervening before the reporter finished speaking): this is totally baseless, this is totally baseless.
as the reporter tried to complete the question, prasad snapped: i have answered your question.
now dont argue with me.
i deny it completely.
thank you.
in his initial media address before the question-and-answer session, prasad had claimed the prime minister was in uttarakhands ramnagar (where the corbett park is located) for an official event related to tiger conservation and refrained from making any mention of the photo shoot.
however, a front-page advertisement issued by the uttarakhand government on february 14 did not mention anything about the rampur programme.
the advertisement was only about inauguration of two schemes by modi in rudrapur, 110km from rampur.
usually, if the prime minister attends multiple official programmes, different advertisements are issued.
it was the rudrapur meeting that modi addressed around 5pm from rampur over phone because of inclement weather, which still leaves intact the riddle on why he went to the park.
a bjp mp told reporters on february 14 night that the prime minister announced a wildlife rescue centre and a tiger safari in the national park, which were not mentioned in the advertisement taken out hours earlier.
a website had reported on february 19 that modi would feature in a discovery documentary that would recall his days of spiritual sojourn in the himalayas and that the exclusive shooting was held at the corbett park.
the site said the documentary was slated for release later this month.
usually, tv channels are eager to publicise events, especially if they feature a prime minister.
however, discovery sought time when this newspaper asked questions since thursday evening as basic as whether indeed there was a shoot of modi on february 14 at the park.
we have no information at all, an executive said on thursday.
on friday evening, a senior official of discovery said: i cant tell you anything.
please understand.
give me time.
i will get back to you.
he could not specify when the response would come.
special secretary of state land and revenue department dharmendra pandey (extreme left) at the meeting in jamshedpur on thursday.
picture by bhola prasad special secretary of state land and revenue department dharmendra pandey ordered a massive clean-up and overhaul of land in east singhbhum district at a meeting in jamshedpur on thursday.
the administration has been asked to identify all illegal land settlements where owners have receipts, verify their authenticity or lack of it and cancel them at the earliest.
special secretary pandey, at the meeting at the sakchi district collectorate with east singhbhum deputy commissioner (dc) amitabh kaushal, additional deputy commissioner (adc) sunil kumar and deputy development commissioner (ddc) binod kumar, ordered strict verification of every receipt.
many encroachers, in connivance with circle officers, manage to acquire the receipt of a one-time payment to the government under norms to prove they are legal owners.
the district administration has to identify and cancel illegal land settlements, a comprehensive statement that covers all aspects of land survey and measurement, preparation of revenue records and assessment of land revenue, at the earliest, said east singhbhum adc sunil kumar.
this apart, special secretary pandey has also directed the district administration to identify plots that were acquired from tribals by the government or private agencies and arrange compensations for original land holders (raiyatdars) before july 15.
tribals whose land was sold using forged documents, will now get justice within 90 days through the court of the deputy collector land revenue, special secretary pandey has said.
under the chotanagpur tenancy (cnt) act, clause 71 (1), the land would be restored to the tribal owner.
section 46 of the cnt act restricts transfer of land belonging to scheduled tribes/ scheduled castes and backward classes.
a tribal may only transfer his land through sale, exchange, gift or will to a fellow st member and residents of his own thana area.
also, from now on, online mutation of land will held in three-day camps to be held in jamshedpur every month.
minister visit recce dc kaushal on thursday reviewed law and order in jamshedpur in view of union communications and information technology minister ravishankarprasad prasad's scheduled visit on june 17 and 18.
we have finalised deputing magistrates at each location of the union minister's programme.
the ssp (anoop t. mathew) has been directed to deploy forces at the sonari airport and locations the minister will visit, the dc said.
prasad will land at birsa munda airport, ranchi, on june 17 afternoon and fly to jamshedpur on a chopper to launch schemes of bsnl and postal department, interact with beneficiaries of bsnl and postal departments at michael john auditorium and meet professionals of ngos, corporate and it sectors, lawyers, doctors, social workers and others at a bistupur hotel.
on june 18, he will lay the foundation stone of software technology park of india in adityapur and meet bjp members at rabindra bhavan in sakchi as a part of vikas parv to mark two years of the narendra modi government.
gynaecologists from across the country and abroad would throw light on various diseases and their preventive measures at a three-day conference starting from december 19.
around 800 gynaecologists would take part in the conference to be organised by patna obstetric and gynaecological society at hotel patliputra ashok.
dr pragya mishra choudhary, a city gynaecologist and the organising secretary of the conference, said: around 25 gynaecologists from other states and countries would take part in the conference.
theresa freeman wang from london, sita rammurti pal, shibhashish bhattacharya, bhaskar pal from calcutta and suchitra pandit from mumbai are some of them.
some of the topics tat would be discussed during the conference are the kinds of changes occur in women during the perimenopause (the menopause transition years), pregnancy related risks, how can women prevent osteoporosis (a condition in which bones become fragile) among others.
dr vineeta singh said: a part of the conference would be dedicated to a session on how we can help in reducing the infant and maternal mortality rate.
unicef has sponsored the session in which nutritional needs of pregnant, lactating women and infants would be discussed.
the gynaecologists would also throw light on preventive oncology in which precautionary measures to prevent reproductive organ related cancers among women would be discussed.
theresa freeman wang from london would address the session.
dr alka pandey, the chairperson of the organising committee of the conference, said: union minister for communication and information technology ravishankarprasad prasad would formally inaugurate the three-day conference on november 20.
chief justice of patna high court iqbal ahmed ansari would be one of the dignitaries at the event.
jaitley: seeking action indore, oct.
22 (pti): finance minister arun jaitley today called on the private sector to loosen its purse strings to make most of the demand uptick that will follow a good monsoon and softer rates because of controlled inflation.
jaitley's comment comes at a time private investment is seen to be lagging that of the government.
india became the world's fastest-growing major economy on the back of a spurt in public spending, and if the private sector joins the bandwagon it will create more engines to spur growth, jaitley said at the madhya pradesh global investor summit here today.
countering comments by hinduja group co-chairman gopichand hinduja that the pace of growth was slow, he said he wanted to remind him that normally, the industry is ahead of the government, but we are at that moment where private sector is a little behind the government.
jaitley said a lot of foreign capital was coming into the country because of the slowdown in several parts of the world.
this year, as a result of a good monsoon, we have surplus foodgrain production which will improve domestic demand and inflation is in check.
a controlled inflation means moderation of interest rates also.
the cost of capital reduces.
with these advantages, we have an opportunity ahead of us, he said.
the finance minister cited global oil and commodity prices as an advantage for india since the country was a buyer.
<> according to jaitley, india has been able to maintain a respectable level of growth even when the world was facing significant economic challenges.
therefore, while public investment pace has picked up, we are waiting for your (private sector) pace to pick up.
if that pace were to pick up, probably you will have more engines to spur growth in india, he said.
additionally, the resources which we have saved, we are able to invest in a large manner both in infrastructure and rural economy.
that's an advantage but there are challenges too.
the global slowdown hurts us, particularly in matters of international trade, he said.
jaitley also pointed out that a decisive government at the centre has made decision-making easier.
with a decisive prime minister in narendra modi, there is clarity as far as direction is concerned and therefore, india is trying with its renewed confidence to fight adversity and gain an advantage which has so far eluded us.
various industrial revolutions bypassed us, he said.
stating that he is clear that india at this historical junction has advantages, jaitley said the instinct and desire to grow has now flowed to the states and it has been decentralised.
backing up, he referred to the transformation of madhya pradesh from a bimaru state just 13 years ago to an industrial hub, which reflects aspirational desire.
.
.
.
once the gst rolls out and india becomes one market and facilitate seamless transfer of goods and services, madhya pradesh will become the supply hub, jaitley hoped.
electronics and it minister ravishankarprasad prasad said the government is involved in path-breaking reforms and is promoting digital connectivity and make in india.
in the past one year, as many as 40 mobile manufacturing facilities have been set up in the state, one new mobile manufacturing factory will soon come up, and two electronic clusters have been approved, prasad said.
speaking at the summit, hinduja said with a good and dynamic prime minister, the time is right for india to attract funds for development.
prime minister has full fire in his belly, he has changed the face of india.
but i would also like to admit that his team has to catch up with speed.
unfortunately, the speed is not going in the same pace what he likes to see.
hinduja added: otherwise, his vision and dream could have been achieved much faster.
.
.
we should agree that the culture can not be changed overnight, it takes time.
but overall, we are on right track.
kunal sahathe supreme court on thursday granted amri hospitals another two-and-a-half months to pay rs 11 crore in compensation to nri doctor kunal saha following a plea by the health-care facility.
on october 24, the apex court had ordered the hospital to pay the compensation for the death of sahas wife anuradha within eight weeks.
the hospital filed an application in the apex court in the second week of december, seeking an extension of the deadline because of financial losses and debts caused by the fire at the dhakuria unit.
the hospital also filed a review petition, seeking permission to pay the amount in 12 monthly instalments.
ravi shankar prasad, counsel for amri, submitted before the bench of justice c.k. prasad and justice y. gopala gowda that the hospital was ready to pay saha rs 1 crore immediately and another rs 2 crore within a week.
the rest, the lawyer submitted, would be paid within two-and-a-half months.
the hospital group, prasad submitted, has incurred a debt of over rs 250 crore because of the december 2011 fire at the dhakuria facility that claimed 91 lives.
amri has been regularly paying salaries to the 2,500 employees at its various units we have not sacked a single employee so far despite the loss, prasad said.
m.n. krishnamani and t.v. george, appearing on behalf of saha, submitted that the other hospitals of the group had been doing flourishing business but did not press the matter further.
krishnamani accepted amris offer but pleaded that sahas contempt petition filed against the hospital for defaulting on payment be kept open so he could approach the court again if the management failed to keep its promise.
prasad then handed over a cheque for rs 1 crore to krishnamani.
amri had earlier given a cheque for rs 60 lakh to my advocate, which ill now accept, said saha.
we are happy the court has granted our petition for an extension of the deadline, said an amri spokesperson.
our special correspondentnew delhi: law minister ravishankarprasad prasad on tuesday contrasted rahul gandhi's speech in bahrain with narendra modi's address to indian-origin parliamentarians and accused the congress president of spreading hatred through his irresponsible utterances on foreign soil.
the bjp strongly condemns rahul gandhi's irresponsible utterances.
the congress president is spreading hatred among people, prasad said.
on one side prime minister modi addressed 270 indian-origin parliamentarians (in delhi on tuesday) and said how they had made the country proud, while rahul gandhi goes to a foreign country and speaks about hatred, prasad added.
rahul had told people of indian origin in bahrain that his country was reeling from a job crisis and rise of divisive forces that peddled hate.
the law minister attacked rahul over instant triple talaq.
i want to ask rahul gandhi - is the congress stand on the triple talaq bill spreading love or hatred?
prasad asked.
amit royainy jaffri rahman as rukhmini this weeklondon: the royal court, a prestigious theatre in london, has just put on partap sharma's a touch of brightness, which it first staged in 1967.
that was after the authorities in india had banned it in 1965, apparently because they did not want foreigners to see a play set in a bombay brothel.
the eminent playwright died in 2011, aged 71, but his wife sue, who is english, had flown over from her home in mumbai with her daughters, namrita and tara, and her grandchildren for the historic occasion.
afterwards, she spoke to the telegraph expressing her dismay at the continuing suppression of artistic freedom in india more than 50 years after her husband's play was first banned.
she called the ban the most negative, brutal experience which put him (partap) off writing for ages.
he never had any time for pettiness.
a young judi dench who played rukhmini in 1967.
look at what we are living with now, said sue, following this week's play reading of a touch of brightness.
it's the most pathetic scene - it's terrifying.
commenting on the reality of life for india's artistic fraternity, she went on: look at what happened to (m.f.) husain.
the absurdity of all the right-wing stuff we have got going on.
anything could happen.
we live with thugs and gangs and that awful right-wing morality.
the royal court, which takes pride in experimenting with new writing and has nurtured many household names over the decades, explained how and why a touch of brightness had been banned in india in its programme notes when the play was first performed in london on march 5, 1967.
the production, staged in solidarity with banned artists in india, had a cast that included saeed jaffrey, zohra segal, gerson da cunha and roshan seth.
this is the first public performance of this play, began the programme note.
it was selected for presentation at the first commonwealth arts festival in london in the autumn of 1965.
it was rehearsed in india by a company sponsored by the national theatre of india.
on september 10th the company's passports were impounded in bombay, following an indignant campaign in the press.
in february 1966, an attempt was made to present the play in india.
it was banned, with the official explanation that 'the play is set in one of the most infamous localities of bombay city' and 'deals with matters which it is highly undesirable to show on the stage'.
the stage, to this day the main british theatrical publication, described this at the time as a direct statement of faith in words which speak bravely out against a society which suffers from an almost incurable illness.
sue sharma (centre in blue coat) with cast of a touch of brightness in london this weekso great was the psychological effect of the ban that sharma developed paralysis on one side of his face, his wife said.
she added that he had won a contract to do the son et lumiere at the red fort and so (to help him speak) he put a clothes peg in his mouth - it (his voiceover) is still running 50 years later.
the playwright, represented by soli sorabjee and iqbal chagla, took legal action in february 1966 and the ban was eventually lifted in 1972.
as a further act of solidarity with india's artistic fraternity, a radio adaptation, also by sharma, of a touch of brightness was transmitted on the bbc third programme on november 3, 1967, with a mainly english cast that included judi dench, then 32, as rukhmini, the beggar girl who is the lead character in the bombay brothel.
the music was specially composed for the radio play by ravi shankar.
a touch of brightness is now studied in schools and universities in india and in many other countries.
partap sharmathis week's production was put on by bhuchar boulevard, a relatively new company set up by writer and actress sudha bhuchar, to mark the passage of half a century since a touch of brightness was first staged at the royal court.
the venture has been called retracing our footsteps.
the script of the play was published in 2006 by the sahitya akademi in which sharma noted that a touch of brightness had been selected for the commonwealth festival by a panel that included kenneth tynan, one of britain's most celebrated critics.
sharma also records that the nigerian author wole soyinka had revealed after winning the nobel prize in 1986 that he had begun to be interested in indian philosophy after encountering a touch of brightness.
when sharma wrote to thank him, soyinka replied he had tried without success to put on the play and asked if the playwright had a spare copy - at least i shall turn over its pages from time to time, and hope.
.
.
.
our special correspondentpatna: around 150 persons were arrested from different police station areas in the city during a special drive against illegal liquor smugglers and those who had consumed liquor in past 24 hours.
the special drive was carried out in the run-up to the new year.
among those arrested was a police constable who was drunk and created a scene in kotwali police station area.
constable mishri prasad, said to be a house guard at union it minister ravishankarprasad prasad brother's house, was arrested on sunday night.
prasad was arrested from dakbunglow roundabout while criss-crossing it with another person on a bike, patna dsp (law and order) shibli nomani said.
on seeing the police, he tried to escape, but was nabbed by a patrolling party.
he worksas house guard at a union minister's brother's house.
after his arrest, mishri created a scene at kotwali police station, even using abusive language against the government and police administration.
police had a tough time controlling mishri, who was heavily drunk.
despite being drunk, mishri kept hiding his identity, only claiming he had high contacts.
the police are conducting a probe to find out from where mishri got liquor and also where he was returning after consuming alcohol.
in another development, pirbahore police arrested 15 youths from nit more on monday evening.
they were passing through nit more after attending a new year party.
when the youths neared nit more, the police, who were on bikes, intercepted them.
the youths were under the influence of liquor.
the police recovered 13 bottles from their possession.
kadamkuan police also arrested a drunken youth from lohanipur area.
ajay ram, too, was creating a scene in lohanipur area.
the police received information that a youth was creating a ruckus in the area.
the youth continued to abuse the police and the state government even after arrest.
new delhi, may 11: despite jubilation at the supreme court order restoring the harish rawat government in uttarakhand, the congress today raised a larger question of constitutional principle of legislature's independence, arguing that the decision to allow outsiders in the assembly was wrong.
congress spokesperson kapil sibal said: the supreme court's decision to allow outsiders inside the assembly was not in tune with the constitutional scheme.
we objected to this before the court but we are shocked the attorney-general of the modi government demanded the trust vote to be conducted under external supervision.
responding to queries, sibal who was part of the legal team fighting for the congress, added: it is a sad day.
but if the attorney-general makes such a demand, the case for legislature's independence gets weakened.
how can political parties tomorrow say judiciary cannot interfere with legislature's functioning?
there have been two instances in the past when trust votes happened on the instructions of the supreme court - in uttar pradesh and jharkhand - but never was an outsider posted inside the assembly.
most speakers of the lok sabha and assembly don't even respond to judicial queries, asserting the independence proceedings in parliament and assemblies.
courts too have repeatedly stressed the importance of separation wall theory as independence of every pillar of democratic set-up is non-negotiable.
the trust vote that happened yesterday in the uttarakhand assembly was conducted under the supervision of two officials appointed by the supreme court.
though the speaker was present in the house, the vote was overseen by principal secretary of the assembly and the principal secretary of the uttarakhand government.
sibal, however, blamed the mess created by the centre for the complexities that arose and also demanded the resignation of the cabinet minister who suggested imposition of president's rule in uttarakhand.
steadfastly refusing to comment on the role of the president, sibal said: the president acts only on the advice of the council of ministers.
the prime minister should apologise to the nation and the minister who suggested invocation of article 356 should resign.
sibal didn't name any minister but the congress is making this demand with the sole intention of fishing in troubled waters.
congress leaders privately talked of credible information about the vertical split among top cabinet ministers.
congress leaders privately talked about strong reservations expressed by home minister rajnath singh, law minister sadanand gowda and telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad but those supporting central intervention just before the scheduled trust vote overruled them.
finance minister arun jaitley emerged as the key defender of the president's rule; he justified the decision till the end, even while debating the passage of appropriation bill for uttarakhand in the lok sabha.
new delhi, may 15: the bjp today demanded the centre ask the us ambassador to india to apologise over an american brewery naming a beer after the goddess kali.
the burnside brewing company of portland, oregon, has apologised and said it has postponed todays launch of the kali-ma beer and plans to rename the product.
it claimed the name had been inspired by an indiana jones movie.
ravi shankar prasad of the bjp raised the matter in the rajya sabha during zero hour.
the advertisement for the beer reads come worship the black one kali as the ultimate reality or brahman this tuesday and carries a picture of the goddess, he said.
earlier, too, a picture of the goddess lakshmi was displayed in a toilet.
.
.
a picture of god was put on a bra.
.
.
lord ganesh was displayed as a sex object in a talk show.
a statement from burnside posted on its facebook page said: the inspiration for the beer label simply came from a favourite childhood movie in the indiana jones series and we were unaware that it could be offensive to anyone.
the steven spielberg-directed 1984 hollywood film, indiana jones and the temple of doom, features a kali-worshipping thuggee cult.
prasad demanded that the upa government, which he said claimed good relations with the us, take the issue up with washington.
does america not have an advertisement code, and would the company have dared mock the god or a goddess of any other religion, he asked.
summon the us ambassador to india and make him apologise, prasad said, demanding a statement from the external affairs minister.
as members from several parties backed prasad, junior parliamentary affairs minister rajeev shukla intervened.
i will convey the concerns to the external affairs ministry, he said, but i would like to point out that some years back, when i had raised the issue of a store in the us having pictures of lord ganesh on slippers and you (prasad) were sitting in my place, no step was taken.
prasad, who was information and broadcasting minister in the nda government, contested this but shukla claimed the then government had failed to take any action, neither protesting to washington nor summoning the us ambassador for an explanation.
when prasad accused shukla of politicising a matter involving religious sentiments, the minister shot back: when you raise the issue it becomes a question of peoples religious sentiments, but when we raise such issues then it has no meaning.
is it that only you have religious sentiments?
at this, the rashtriya janata dals ram kirpal yadav accused the bjp and the congress of shadow-boxing.
burnsides statement said: in response to pleas from the hindu community, we have decided to postpone the limited release of kali-ma, our imperial wheat ale flavoured with indian spices and scotch-bonnet peppers.
it added: to those who have been patiently waiting, we humbly ask that you wait just a little longer and to anyone we have offended we sincerely apologise.
guests flag off the 7th indian oil femina car rally in patna on sunday.
picture by ranjeet kumar dey patna, march 6: ten tough challengers, all women, set pulses racing at the 7th indian oil femina car rally here today.
of course, the event was not just for women  there were categories for couples and men too  but it was the women racers who stole the show with their driving skills.
the all-women category had women as both the driver and the navigator, in the couples category either of the two had to be a woman and in the all-men category, both the persons were men.
while some competed for winning glory, others were enthusiastic about taking part in what proved to be an exhilarating competition.
it was just two days ago that i decided to take part in this event.
it was a decision made on the spur of the moment, said dr neelam, an infertility specialist, who took part in the event.
tps college psychology teacher dr rupam was neelams navigator.
be it treating patients or driving cars, we are good at everything.
we are confident that we will win, said rupam.
dr neelam at the car rally.
picture by ranjeet kmar dey thirty-five teams took part in the rally organised on the theme of progress of the girl child.
indian oil general manager b.b. choudhary, jk tyres area manager s.k. paul and bank of india zonal manager p.k. bansal flagged off the rally at 7.
30am from boring road.
the rally ended at pragbodhi.
among the celebrities who took part in the event was maya shankar, spouse of bjp spokesperson ravishankarprasad prasad.
brainy chawla, winner of last years car rally, took part with his wife bobby chawla in the event.
brainy, who has won 18 rallies across the country so far, said his wife was his lucky charm.
my wife is sitting next to me.
that means this is my lucky day, he said.
the names of the winners will be announced at a city hotel on march 8.
piyush srivastava and ptisri sri ravi shankarlucknow/sambhal (up): a vishwa hindu parishad leader and several muslim plaintiffs in the ram janmabhoomi-babri masjid dispute on monday dismissed spiritual leader sri sri ravi shankar's offer of mediation, with some of them rejecting the idea of an out-of-court settlement altogether.
who is ravi shankar?
ram vilas vedanti, former bjp parliamentarian and member of the ram janmabhoomi nyas, a vhp trust, said at a news conference in sambhal on sunday.
he is an outsider who was never a part of the ram temple movement and has not even visited ram lalla (infant ram) at (the makeshift temple in) ayodhya.
such uninvited mediators will never be accepted.
iqbal ansari and haji mahboob, who are parties to the ayodhya title suit, too rejected ravi shankar's offer, alleging he was merely seeking publicity.
ravi shankar is not a stakeholder, mahboob said.
ravi shankar's art of living foundation had said last week that he was in touch with several imams and sadhus, including acharya ram das of the nirmohi akhara, to help find an out-of-court settlement.
allahabad high court had in 2010 divided the disputed plot equally between the nirmohi akhara, sunni central waqf board and ram lalla birajman, represented by vhp leader triloki nath pandey.
all three parties have appealed in the apex court, seeking possession of the entire plot, with nearly a dozen other hindu and muslim plaintiffs joining in.
then chief justice of india j.s. khehar had in march this year offered to mediate towards an out-of-court settlement, as many hindu and muslim organisations and individuals too did before and after that.
but the petitioners have ignored them all.
on monday, the all india muslim personal law board, which is not a party to the case but enjoys immense prestige within the muslim community, declared that none of its authorised representatives had met ravi shankar.
it rejected any out-of-court settlement, as did the babri masjid action committee, which is providing legal assistance to the waqf board.
a solution is possible only through adjudication and not mediation, said law board member and action committee convener zafaryab jilani.
vedanti and acharya ram das of the nirmohi akhara favoured an out-of-court settlement --- so long as a temple was built and a mosque wasn't.
khaliq ahmad khan, nominee of maulana fazlurrahman, a party to the case, said the muslims had always welcomed efforts towards negotiations.
but before starting talks, the mediator must make it clear that we will talk of a mosque also, he said.
the supreme court on friday dismissed petitions questioning key aspects of the rafale deal, prompting the government and the bjp to tom-tom the verdict as a clean chit.
in the midst of the celebrations, a mystery popped up and stuck out like a sore thumb in the form of paragraph 25 in the judgment.
the paragraph said the public accounts committee (pac) of parliament had examined the report of the comptroller and auditor general of india (cag) on the rafale deal.
the catch: till late friday night, neither the government nor anyone else could shed light on any cag report on the rafale deal that had been submitted to, let alone vetted by, the pac whose primary function is to examine cag reports after they are tabled in parliament.
paragraph 25 of the judgment, delivered by a three-judge bench headed by chief justice of india ranjan gogoi, said: the material placed before us shows that the government has not disclosed pricing details, other than the basic price of the aircraft, even to the parliament, on the ground that sensitivity of pricing details could affect national security, apart from breaching the agreement between the two countries.
the pricing details have, however, been shared with the comptroller and auditor general and the report of the cag has been examined by the public accounts committee.
only a redacted portion of the report was placed before the parliament, and is in public domain.
till late into the night, there was no clarity on which cag report the court was referring to.
officials said there was no cag report yet on the rafale deal.
it is expected to be tabled only in january-end before the start of the budget session.
not only have cag officials confirmed that there is no report yet on the rafale deal, at least two members of the pac, too, told the telegraph they had not received any such report till now.
if a cag report did reach the government and its contents were shared with the court before taking parliament into confidence, it can raise several grave questions involving the legislature and the executive.
as the supreme auditor of the accounts of the government, the cag reports to the president, not the centre.
rajiv mehrishi, who was home secretary between 2015 and 2017, is the current cag.
the reports of the comptroller and auditor general of india relating to the accounts of the union shall be submitted to the president, who shall cause them to be laid before each house of parliament, the rules say.
the report then goes to the pac.
from the cag report, the committee picks out select excerpts that are known as audit paragraphs for in-depth examination and submits its own reports to the house.
on friday, the cag officials this newspaper spoke to were caught by surprise when asked about the reference made by the supreme court in paragraph 25 of the judgment.
according to these cag officials, even the exit conference has not yet been scheduled.
before an audit report is completed, the cag has to call an exit conference, which allows the ministry or department concerned to make its final arguments and provide supportive documents.
after the exit conference, it takes at least a month for the cag to send its report to the president.
this one month is needed for translating and printing the report.
telegraph infographiclast month, several retired bureaucrats had questioned the unconscionable and unwarranted delay in the filing of the cag report on the rafale deal and the demonetisation.
on friday, pac member b. mahtab told this newspaper that he knew of no such report till now.
since the court is referring to material placed before it, the question is, how can the government say this?
has the report been shown to the government?
mahtab asked.
another pac member said off the record that when a colleague in the committee wanted to look into the rafale deal, officials from the secretariat told them that the cag report was still awaited.
later in the evening, mallikarjun kharge, the current pac chief and a congress veteran, told a media conference: i asked the deputy cag today, how did it happen?
where is the report; did you get any information?
i have not signed any report, it is not placed in parliament.
unless it is placed in parliament, nobody can talk about it.
kharge added: the cag does not have that report.
the pac has not examined any such report.
this is strange.
even before congress president rahul gandhi, who was leading the media conference where kharge spoke, commented on paragaraph 25 and accused the government of tripping on its own web of lies, petitioners prashant bhushan, yashwant sinha and arun shourie issued a joint statement asserting that the facts mentioned in this paragraph are neither on record nor factually correct.
cpm general secretary sitaram yechury tweeted: no cag report in rafale scam so far.
who misled supreme court?
what other lies were told by govt in the sealed cover?
it was not a signed affidavit that govt gave & ministers have made more misleading statements.
this in itself, calls for an enquiry.
a jpc probe is the only way.
in response to a question from the telegraph, attorney-general k.k. venugopal said on friday evening that he had not yet read the 29-page judgment.
i have not misled anybody or the court.
i have not read the judgment so far.
i have to first go through the judgment, see what is there in it.
i also have to see what i have stated in the court and the materials placed before it.
i can comment on the issue only after that, he said.
a few hours earlier, pti had quoted venugopal as saying: the supreme court judgment on rafale deal is excellent and i am extremely happy.
the court has accepted all our arguments.
i think a clean chit has been given to the government on rafale deal, he had added.
asked about the questions over the cag report rahul had raised, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said: he is going into technicality, i am going on substance.
the court verdict is in 34 para(graph)s.
it has dealt with all the issues (raised by rahul).
if he (rahul) wants to find faults to do politics, i have nothing to say.
the tweet of the government of pakistan on the pilot's release.
pakistan will return wing commander abhinandan varthaman on friday, prime minister imran khan announced on thursday.
in spite of the gravity of the matter, some officials in south block did equate the cricketer-turned-politicians offer with a reverse-swing.
it left the narendra modi government seemingly tongue-tied despite an early hint of likely de-escalation coming from us president donald trump in the morning itself.
the armed forces continue to remain on high alert and prepared for any provocation from pakistan after the announcement.
but government sources said  however much the modi government may want to escalate tensions for political reasons  that option had narrowed down in the face of the pakistani peace gesture.
there was no official word from the government after khan made the announcement at a joint session of pakistans parliament  called in the wake of indias air strikes on balakot on tuesday  amid indications that the us and the saudis were involved in working behind the scenes in what appeared to be a repeat of the kargil war resolution when the bill clinton administration had stepped in to end hostilities.
prime minister modi, who addressed a science awards event soon after khans announcement, made no direct reference to the development.
but he left none in the audience guessing when he said: right now, one pilot project has been completed.
as the audience burst into applause, the prime minister added: now it has to be turned into a reality.
earlier was a practice round.
modi then appealed for a standing ovation for the prizewinners, for the record confining himself to the science event.
at least one clue emerged that suggested the modi government was not prepared for such a rapid response from khan who has been trying to seek the high moral ground for the past few days.
a joint media conference by senior officers of the three indian defence services at 5pm  the first after the indian air strikes and pakistans response  was hurriedly rescheduled after khans announcement.
later, at 7pm, representatives of the three services told the media that they would remain on high alert as pakistan had escalated tensions by targeting military installations.
the bjp also held its horses and will apparently continue to do so till the return of the indian air force pilot who was taken prisoner on wednesday.
although two ministers  arun jaitley and ravishankarprasad prasad  briefed the media on a cabinet meeting late in the night, they did not speak about the development, apparently borrowing a leaf from the militarys playbook in dealing with such situations.
the armed forces maintained that this is what they are trained for: accepting the news of the capture on wednesday stoically and the impending return without any euphoria.
the sangh ecosystem that was baying for blood lay low initially but began billing it as a big diplomatic win for pm modi with pakistan kneeling before india.
the spin of the bhakts is worthy of the fierce delivery by imran, quipped a cricket fan.
khans olive branch came after a night of panic in diplomatic quarters in both capitals.
pakistan had apparently dialled foreign missions in islamabad, claiming that india was trying to launch missile strikes, the indian navy was moving towards karachi and troops were being amassed along the border.
these mission heads in islamabad contacted their counterparts in new delhi, who reached out to the external affairs ministry in a state of alarm, only to be told that there was no such build-up.
prime minister khan, too, made the claim in the pakistan parliament.
there was threat of a missile attack from india on wednesday night, which was later defused, he said without elaborating.
prior to khans announcement of the peace gesture, government sources had said that there was no question of allowing pakistan to use the wing commander as a bargaining chip.
india said it would not seek consular access.
there is no question of a deal, he has to be returned immediately unharmed and unhurt, sources said, clearly upset with the narrative that had gained ground since pakistan took him captive.
india also sought to play down trumps statement that the us had reasonably attractive news from pakistan and india, adding that washington was involved in getting the two countries to back off from the brink.
new delhi, instead, preferred to pat itself on the back for the fact that no country apart from members of the jammu & kashmir contact group within the organisation of islamic cooperation  had condemned indias pre-emptive strike within pakistan.
all countries have advised restraint but have also asked pakistan to take action against terror camps, indian officials said, underscoring that new delhi has been successful in communicating to the world that india will no longer tolerate attacks on its soil.
the government is evidently keen on keeping the narrative on counter-terrorism and the pre-emptive strike in balakot for their political spin-off.
it urged the media not to whip up hysteria over the indian pilot and limit indias options in a repeat of what happened after the ic-814 hijack.
politically, the government wants to keep public opinion focused on the 40 security personnel killed in pulwama and the strike inside pakistan.
as for khans efforts to have a phone conversation with modi, sources said that pakistan should first show immediate, credible and verifiable action against terrorist camps on its soil for india to consider a conversation at that level.
indias position  which has been articulated to world capitals  is that the ball is in pakistans court as information had been shared with islamabad on terrorist camps.
irrespective of the pilots return, new delhi believes it is time for khan to walk the talk since he has thrice offered to probe evidence provided to pakistan on terrorists based in his country.
in his three addresses since pulwama, khan had said he was ready to probe any evidence and also discuss terrorism.
india provided a detailed dossier to pakistan on wednesday when it issued a demarche to islamabads acting high commissioner in new delhi, syed haider shah.
roshan kumarpadded up: the moin-ul-haq stadiumpatna: moin-ul-haq stadium, the lone cricket arena in bihar, will undergo an overhaul.
the state government has decided to handover the moin-ul-haq stadium to bihar cricket association (bca), an associate member of the bcci, for the construction and renovation of the state's oldest stadium.
a meeting in this connection was held under the chairmanship of chief secretary anjani kumar singh and was attended by director-general of police p.k. thakur, development commissioner, central reserve police force (crpf) commandant, additional director of sports authority of india (sai), director-general sports, art culture and youth affairs principal secretary and others, at the main secretariat on tuesday evening.
from the bihar cricket association its general secretary ravishankarprasad prasad singh was present.
at the meeting it was decided that on april 1 the state government would hand over the 28-acre stadium to the bca for construction and renovation to lift it to an international standard.
in the next three months government as well as private structures at the stadium will be shifted.
at present, the central reserve police force (crpf) battalion headquarters, sai centre, kadamkuan police station, two private agencies running a cricket academy and a swimming club, are occupying the stadium premises.
bca general secretary ravishankarprasad prasad singh said: representatives of all the agencies attending the meeting were given two-and-a-half months to shift their offices to other places.
the state government will make arrangements for them.
by next tuesday we will receive an allotment letter from the government.
the letter is for 33 years.
once we receive the allotment letter from the state, we will sign an mou between the bca and the state government.
on earlier occasions deputy chief minister sushil kumar modi had talked about handing over the stadium to the bca.
once the stadium is handed over to the bca it will carry out construction and renovation work.
the bca intends to construct a main pitch along with 10 practice pitches on the stadium grounds.
saket kumar, a cricketer who had played for the under-23 bihar team, said: the government's decision will bring good days for bihar cricket.
state players will get a stadium of international standards.
guwahati, april 21: the bjp today warned assam health minister himanta biswa sarma that a change of government in delhi could reopen investigation into cases which he had swept under the carpet.
reacting to sarmas diatribe against narendra modi, bjp national vice-president s.s. ahluwalia today said sarma was attacking modi since he was worried about the kind of investigation he would face if the bjp came to power.
asked about the cases he was referring to, ahluwalia avoided a direct reply saying, there are lots of cases, which have been swept under the carpet.
you will know when the time comes.
there had been cag reports on irregularities in sarmas departments.
this will remind him from where he had started and where he landed, said the bjp leader.
in a poll rally in tezpur recently, sarma called modi a terrorist and said blood of muslims flows through the water pipes in gujarat.
the election commission had showcaused sarma for his comments after the bjp filed a complaint.
ahluwalia alleged that there was a secret understanding between the congress, the agp and the aiudf to divide the anti-congress votes in order to defeat the bjp.
he also claimed that the congress had given money to the agp.
who is giving money to agp?
how is a party which is not in power spending so much money?
ahluwalia said during the nda rule, several steps were taken for development of the northeast such as setting up of a special ministry for the development of the region and another ministry for tribal affairs.
the upa during its tenure tried to undo what the bjp had done for the northeast.
for instance, the second administrative reforms commission, headed by veerappa moily, had recommended winding up of the doner ministry, which we had strongly opposed in parliament, he said.
according to the bjp leader, assam is witnessing a fast religious demographic changeand it needs to be controlled.
the agp, on the other hand, claimed that there was a tacit understanding between the congress, the bjp and the aiudf to protect the infiltrators from bangladesh.
we want deportation of all infiltrators, irrespective of their religion, who came to the state after march 25, 1971, as mentioned in the assam accord.
but the bjp wants only muslim infiltrators to be deported, not the hindus, said agp working president atul bora.
bora also questioned the contribution of rahul gandhi and narendra modi to the state.
the congress, too, convened a news conference to hit out at the bjp for questioning the upas contributions to assam as well as gogois track record as chief minister.
assam pcc chief spokesperson mehdi alam bora, armed with figures, said bjp spokesperson ravishankarprasad prasad should not question the contributions of the state and centre related to the employment generation, construction of roads and bridges, educational institutions and power plants under the congress-led government since 2001.
the bjp is good at marketing, we are not, one reason why our good work never got publicised.
but assam is better off than it was during the ndas rule, said bora.
anwesha ambalyemployment concern: participants at the job fair organised by the national career service centre for differently-abled at gandamunda in bhubaneswar.
telegraph picturethe geological rock garden built by the essel mining and industries limited (emil) on the premises of the geology department of the utkal university was inaugurated by the vice-chancellor soumendra mohan patnaik and emil india mining operation ceo ashok kumar bal on december 16.
patnaik urged students to make the best use of the garden for learning while bal stressed on maintenance of the quality of the project.
the geological rock garden is designed as one of the best open geological laboratories to enliven the concept of geology textbook in practical approach in the field measurement, mapping techniques and identification of rocks, minerals, ores and fossils.
the lab aims to enhance the teaching standards, catering to the needs of postgraduate and phd students of the department and beautify the ambiance as well.
happiness meetthe sri sri university organised the first day of the national conference on happiness at workplace in association with the bhubaneswar chapter of the national human resource development network on december 14.
the conference was graced by spiritual guru ravi shankar.
the primary objective of hosting the conference was to nurture the happiness quotient at workplace, discourse about the ethical issues, and determine the best human resource practices for the engagement of the employees.
around 38 papers were selected for the two-day conference.
science & techindian science congress association (isca) bhubaneswar chapter and kiit deemed university recently organised a two-day national seminar on reaching the unreached through science and technology on kiit campus.
inaugurating the seminar, ashok saxena, former general president of isca said, the seminar was a forum for scientists and researchers to share their knowledge and ideas.
addressing the youth and scientists, who took part in the seminar, he said that there are many more reasons to cheer as around 70 per cent indians are less than 35 years of age.
he said that we had with us a young india with very clear vision.
students interacted with experts on various latest trends in the field of science and technology.
human rights daythe human rights day was observed at the institute of media studies on november 18 on the theme of let's stand up for equality, justice and human dignity.
the celebrations witnessed the launching of yearlong campaign -#standup4humanrights- to mark the 70th anniversary of the universal declaration of human rights (udhr).
speaking at a seminar titled democracy and human rights, core member of national human rights commission, new delhi, manoj jena said the udhr was a milestone document that proclaimed the rights which everyone was entitled to as a human being.
job fairthe national career service centre for differently-abled, bhubaneswar, organised an inclusive job fair on its campus situated at gandamunda in bhubaneswar last week.
after registration of jobseekers, they were counselled.
their interviews were scheduled by matching their eligibility and requirements of employer.
around 166 jobseekers have been short-listed by employers.
around nine indian companies took part in the recruitment process.
climate changethe siksha 'o' anusandhan deemed university is all set to launch a separate integrated centre for research on environment and climate to study and address issues concerning major changes in weather pattern with far-reaching implications.
the research centre of the varsity, the centre for environment and climate, will have the mandate to study environment and climate change and help build the capability to adapt to such changes.
the proposed centre should be a multi-disciplinary hub of experts from a plethora of disciplines, including civil engineering, electrical engineering, medicine, and agriculture and computer science.
naveen proposalchief minister naveen patnaik has approved a proposal to reserve 25 per cent of the seats in the national law university (nlu), cuttack, for students from the state.
the students aspiring to get admission to the nlu will be significantly benefited by the move.
though the six nlus in other parts of the country have reservation for the local students, the same was not available in odisha.
students from odisha who have secured 60 per cent marks in their plus two examinations will be eligible for admission to the national law university in cuttack.
it was a long-standing demand of people to reserve seats for state students at the varsity.
new delhi, feb.
5: the bjp is seriously rethinking its approach and strategy on the budget session of parliament, factoring short-term compulsions and a long-time vision.
a hint of a reassessment of the no jpc, no house stand was glimpsed in party spokesperson ravishankarprasad prasads answer to a question in a news conference on friday.
asked if the bjp would disrupt parliament and allow the budget session to waste away like the winter sitting, prasad said: budget has its own sanctity.
he restated the official line about the bjp firming up its position on the eve of the session.
however, sources privy to recent internal discussions on disruption versus normalcy let on that while the bjp would continue asking for a joint parliamentary committee (jpc) to probe the upas scams, some leaders felt that not only did the annual general budget have a special and sacred place in parliaments working, the session itself was extra-special, historically and in the present context.
this was why a view that the bjp should allow the budget to be tabled and passed as form and stall the rest of the session was not gaining currency.
we have to take a long-term view of things, a source said.
spurred by the opinion among some left leaders that floor discussions were more effective in painting the government into a corner than making noise and staging walkouts, a section of the bjp was veering round to the belief that if the rest of the opposition was willing to let the house go on while raising the jpc demand, it made more sense for them to do likewise rather than get isolated as disruptors.
there are macro and micro economic policy issues that we, as the principal opposition, should raise before the others.
the prime minister sounded more helpless than before when he addressed a conference (of state chief secretaries on february 4).
he admitted to inflation and corruption being realities but gave no answers.
why should we allow him and the government to get away without offering explanations on such matters?
outside parliament we have no other fora to corner him, the source said.
the bjp, said the source, was keen on demanding a clarification from manmohan singh on the status of foreign borrowings and fdi investments, and whether the borrowings had indeed increased correspondingly with a decrease in overseas investments.
alluding to the same speech, sources said it was high time for the prime minister to let the law-makers know if he had a roadmap for pushing up agricultural growth and the supply of what he said were superior food items like milk, eggs and fruits whose consumption, he added, had gone up with across-the-board increased incomes.
the other issue on the bjps radar was the incomplete processes impinging on the civil liability for nuclear damage act, 2010, that fixes liability for nuclear damage and allows monopoly nuclear operators to seek compensation from technology providers if faulty equipment triggered a reactor accident.
the law makes it incumbent on india to join an international liability regime, underpinned on three major agreements: the 1960 paris convention, the 1963 vienna convention and the convention on supplementary compensation for nuclear damage of 1997.
india became a signatory to the last covenant in october but the decision awaits cabinets nod pending negotiations on nitty-gritties.
although the government is not legally or constitutionally bound to seek parliaments ratification, bjp sources said they would demand that the move should be discussed threadbare in the house and seek a commitment that the pact does not contain any clause that would over-ride those in the domestic damage law and jeopardise indias interests.
the bjp was concerned that the rules for implementation of the domestic liability law may be framed to be supplier-friendly although the act itself is not.
the country might be taken for a ride.
it was due to the oppositions pressure that the government shared the processes and deliberations, leading to the indo-us nuclear pact more transparently than it would have liked to, a source claimed.
our special correspondentnew delhi: finance minister arun jaitley on monday rejected manmohan singh's demand for an apology from prime minister narendra modi and sought details of what happened at the secret meeting, which he termed a misadventure.
modi had on sunday insinuated that his predecessor as prime minister had secretly met a pakistani delegation that was looking to influence the gujarat polls.
former prime minister manmohan singh has issued a statement asking prime minister modi to apologise for what he had said at an election rally (about) a meeting.
.
.
.
it is beyond comprehension that the congress party expects the prime minister of india to apologise for it, jaitley said.
the congress must come out with details of what transpired at the meeting and what was the necessity to have such a meeting in the present circumstances.
it is beyond comprehension.
it is admittedly a misadventure.
law minister ravishankarprasad prasad attacked pakistan for meddling in india's internal affairs and said the statement by the pakistani foreign office, which said modi's insinuations were baseless and irresponsible, was unwarranted.
we completely abhor any outside interference in india's internal affairs.
.
.
.
we condemn this unwarranted statement, prasad said.
under fire in the us and europe, facebook chief mark zuckerberg on wednesday ran into a fearsome enforcer called the it minister of india.
mr mark zuckerberg, you better note the observation of the it minister of india.
we welcome the fb profile in india, but if any data theft of indians is done through collusion of fb systems, it shall not be tolerated, union it minister ravishankarprasad prasad thundered, warning that the fb chief could be summoned to india.
prasad was addressing a media conference where he accused the congress of hiring the services of cambridge analytica, which has been accused of improperly accessing information on millions of facebook users to target us voters.
the congress denied the charge and accused the bjp of using the same firm earlier.
until now, the facebook co-founder had seen only the misty-eyed side of an indian leader who used to call him mark.
prime minister narendra modi (in file picture above), visiting the facebook headquarters at menlo park in california in 2015, was overcome by emotion when he recalled how his mother had toiled to bring up her children.
bartan saaf karna, paani bharna.
.
.
m-mazdoori karna, modi had choked on his own broken words while replying to a question.
in his first comments on the analytica controversy, zuckerberg said on wednesday that facebook made mistakes, theres more to do, and we need to step up and do it.
rahul gandhi on tuesday declared that prime minister narendra modi wouldnt be allowed to sleep unless he waived farm loans across the country, the open dare coming a day after his party offered the relief in two heartland states.
the congress chief also challenged modi to directly engage on the rafale deal and answer specific questions.
the call to waive farm loans came as rahul spoke to journalists at parliament house in the morning.
it is the peoples money that is being used to write off the debts of 15-20 industrialists.
this country is not theirs alone, this country is made of the blood and toil of the farmers, labourers and poor masses.
we wont allow the prime minister to sleep.
we will force him to waive farmers loans, rahul said.
by citing the relief granted to industrialists, rahul, who had gauged firsthand the plight of the farmers, may be preparing the ground to insulate himself from criticism that sections of economists and commentators are certain to air.
the bjp will find it difficult to challenge him, especially since party-ruled assam joined the loan-waiver bandwagon by announcing a partial write-off on monday night.
on tuesday, union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad focused on the sleep part, saying this is a new low in the public discourse.
rahul appeared emboldened by his partys victory in madhya pradesh, rajasthan and chhattisgarh, three states the congress took from the bjp in the latest round of assembly elections.
the new chief ministers of madhya pradesh and chhattisgarh had signed orders to waive farm loans within hours of being sworn in on monday.
while kamal nath was the first to deliver on the election promise in madhya pradesh, bhupesh baghel took the decision late in the evening in chhattisgarh.
baghel also increased the minimum support price for paddy from rs 1,750 a quintal to rs 2,500.
farmers had stopped selling paddy ever since the congress promised an msp of rs 2,500 in its election manifesto.
procurement is now expected to resume in full swing.
baghel also set up a special investigation team to probe the jheeram ghati maoist attack in 2013 that had wiped out the entire frontline congress leadership in the state.
rahul asked modi to learn from the congress how to deliver on promises.
two states didnt take more than six hours even as i promised in election rallies that farm loans up to rs 2 lakh will be waived in 10 days.
the third state (rajasthan) is about to do it.
the prime minister has not waived off even one rupee of farmers loans in four-and-a-half years.
but he stole rs 30,000 crore in the rafale deal to put into the pocket of anil ambani who has a debt of rs 45,000 crore.
he wrote off rs 3.
5 lakh crore of chosen industrialists, he said.
the prime minister is making two types of india, rahul said.
one, where you find 15-20 industrialists, private planes and loan-waiver; and the other for farmers, jobless youth and poor workers, small shopkeepers and other weak and deprived people.
but i want to tell the farmers and the poor people, the country belongs to them.
injustice is being done to you; your voice is not heard.
we will fight, we wont yield an inch.
rahul, who plans to stretch the partys outreach to farmers, expanded the kisan congress on tuesday, appointing four vice-presidents, 10 national coordinators and 12 joint coordinators.
the partys farmer wing, which is drawing up programmes to connect with peasants across the country, had never got such importance in the past.
on rafale, the new congress chief ministers signed a petition, along with thousands others, seeking a joint parliamentary committee probe.
the party has planned a five-day media blitz  from december 18 to 22  in all major cities to counter the bjps propaganda on rafale after the supreme courts verdict last week.
the supreme court had on friday dismissed petitions questioning key aspects of the rafale deal, prompting the government and the bjp to tom-tom the verdict as a clean chit.
roshan kumarpatna: mahendra singh dhoni was yet to play for india the last time the name bihar figured on a ranji trophy scorecard.
dhoni, then just about making a name for himself, was skipper of the squad that played in the ranji plate tournament in the 2003-04 season but for all practical purposes it was a jharkhand team that turned out in all-whites.
the cricketing infrastructure, much like a lot of its natural and mineral wealth, had moved to jharkhand after bihar's bifurcation in november 2000.
the supreme court order on thursday allowing bihar to participate in ranji trophy and other national cricket championships has, therefore, come as a huge new year's gift to tournament-starved cricketers of the state.
cricketers, especially those who have migrated to other states, are especially happy.
like ishan kishan, a cricketer from patna's rajendra nagar who had led the india juniors' team for the icc under-19 world cup held in bangladesh in 2015.
we welcome the decision of the supreme court directing bcci to allow bihar to play ranji matches.
the move will open the opportunity for budding cricket players to exhibit their talents at national and international matches, kishan said.
kishan, a wicketkeeper-batsman who was part of the jharkhand ranji team, is at the moment not thinking of returning to his home state.
talking to the telegraph from ranchi, he said: the infrastructure and facilities provided to players in jharkhand is superior.
we have our accommodations at the jharkhand state cricket association international stadium ground.
the stadium is of international standard with all forms of international matches (odi, test and twenty20 matches) being played at the ground, kishan said.
there is an international standard gymnasium with swimming pools and best coaches grooming cricketers, he added.
according to kishan, though bihar has been allowed to play ranji matches, it will take years for the state to create infrastructure like jharkhand.
saket kumar, another kankarbagh boy who plays cricket for jharkhand, echoed kishan.
saket, a fast bowler, said: if bihar forms its own ranji team, players like me are optimistic that we will get an opportunity to play matches for the state.
saket hasn't been part of the 15-member jharkhand team since the 2013-14 ranji season.
sources said that apart from ishan, the jharkhand ranji team has shahbaz nadeem, babul pawan kumar and shasheem rathour, who are from bihar.
bihar players association president, mritunjay tiwari, who has fought for the state getting an opportunity to play ranji matches, said: the apex court decision is a new year gift to budding cricketers and is a milestone decision for players in bihar.
the bihar cricket association, an associate member of the bcci, welcomed the decision.
bca general secretary ravishankarprasad prasad singh said: as per the apex court's decision, we will start preparations for the next season's ranji matches.
the bca will conduct trials, coaching camps to select players from across the state for the next season which is scheduled to start in october/november.
union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad flashes the victory sign as he comes out of the parliament house after triple talaq bill was passed in lok sabha on thursday.
ptithe narendra modi government on thursday used its overwhelming majority in the lok sabha to push through the bill to criminalise instant triple talaq, sweeping aside the wider oppositions reservations and its demand to send the bill to a parliamentary panel for scrutiny.
the muslim women (protection of rights on marriage) bill, 2018, brought to replace an ordinance, will now be sent to the rajya sabha.
given the opposition mood in the lok sabha, the government would find it difficult to push the bill through in the upper house where it lacks majority.
even opposition parties known to be friendly towards the government  the aiadmk, bjd and the trs  joined the congress, trinamul congress, telugu desam party, samajwadi party, cpm, nationalist congress party, the rashtriya janata dal and others to oppose the bill, calling it arbitrary and politically motivated.
most parties opposed the move to criminalise an essentially civil matter and accused the government of targeting one religion and rushing the bill with an eye on the 2019 lok sabha elections.
the opposition demanded that the bill be sent to a select committee of members from both houses of parliament for time-bound deliberations with the stakeholders.
the government rejected the demand and passed the bill amid a walkout by the congress, aiadmk and some other opposition parties.
apart from law minister ravishankarprasad prasad, the government fielded women mps meenakshi lekhi and smriti irani, who is also the textiles minister, to attack the opposition and accuse it of denying justice to muslim women for vote-bank politics.
opposing the bill, congress mp sushmita dev said the governments intention was suspect and added it was known for: muh mein ram, bagal mein chhuri (rams name on the lips and knife in the pocket).
dev asked how the husband would reconcile or pay subsistence to the wife if he is sent to jail under the proposed law.
the bill provides for three years imprisonment to the husband who goes for instant talaq.
this law is about penalising a muslim man and not empowering the muslim woman, she said.
moving an amendment, the bjds bhartruhari mahtab also opposed the provision to send the husband to jail.
dont send the husband to jail.
there will be very little scope for rapprochement, mahtab said, but his amendment was rejected.
trs leader jeetendra reddy said the intent and timing of the bill was suspect.
reforming religion is not the mandate of the government, he said and added the bill was meant to target one community or faith.
the ncps supriya sule asked: which marriage is going to be saved by putting the husband in jail?
she urged the government to put its hand on its heart and say it is not a politically but socially motivated bill.
why are you not worried about women being deserted (irrespective of religion)?
she asked.
the cpms mohammad salim accused the government of depriving muslims of their basic human rights and treating them as second-class citizens.
he raised the issue of lynchings by cow vigilantes and said the governments show of concern for muslim women was like shedding crocodile tears.
the congresss mallikarjun kharge said: the bill is intended to divide the society instead of integrating it.
he added that it goes against the constitution, violates muslim personal law and discriminates on the basis of religion, and asked why husbands belonging to other religions who divorce their wives are not declared criminals.
in his reply, law minister prasad firmly rejected the oppositions objections and claimed the bill was not politically motivated but humanist and was intended to give justice to muslim women.
the minister said the improved bill provides that an fir will only be filed by the divorced woman or her relatives and rejected the charge of misuse.
the magistrate can give bail to the husband after hearing the wife and a 3-year jail term would be awarded only after trial and conviction, he arguedcontesting the oppositions argument that sending the husband to jail would deny subsistence or maintenance allowance to the wife, prasad voiced the hope that most cases would be resolved in the first hearing and stressed the law would act as a deterrent.
deterrence is always important to contain the crime, he said.
new delhi, april 10: congress mp jairam ramesh today likened norms making aadhaar mandatory for welfare schemes to forced sterilisations during the emergency, articulating opposition concerns that the 12-digit number was increasingly becoming an instrument to exclude the most marginalised from their entitlements.
what sterilisation was to the emergency, aadhaar seeding is becoming to your government, ramesh said during a debate on aadhaar in the rajya sabha.
ramesh, who has filed a petition on aadhaar in the supreme court, challenged the government's claims of savings to the tune of rs 50,000 crore from direct benefit transfer (dbt) linked to aadhaar seeding.
his contention was the purported gains had accrued by denying people benefits, not by plugging subsidy leaks.
seeding is the linking of payments to the aadhaar numbers.
ramesh's point, and that of other opposition leaders, was that because of a patchy biometric eco-system, nearly 40 per cent of the intended beneficiaries of several welfare plans were being denied their entitlements despite having seeded their aadhaar numbers.
while information technology minister ravishankarprasad prasad side-stepped problems arising out of biometrics in his reply, subsequent questions by opposition members drew an assurance that the government would deal with them.
but prasad rejected claims that the insistence on aadhaar for a slew of services violated a 2015 supreme court order.
he maintained that since the aadhaar law was enacted last year, it would hold good as it has not been stayed.
prasad described as very judgemental and not factual a cag report challenging the government's claim that savings worth rs 30,000 crore had come from direct benefit (subsidy) transfers to lpg subscribers.
the cag - which, according to jairam, used to be the bjp's gospel'' when in opposition - had said that 92 per cent of the savings came from falling international oil prices and had nothing to do with dbt.
initiating the discussion, independent member rajeev- who is the nda's vice-chairman in kerala - said: aadhaar should be made mandatory after ensuring that it does not mean exclusion of any poor and needy from subsidies or services that the government provides.
chandrasekhar expressed privacy concerns while making out a case for the evolution of aadhaar from an unverified biometric database into a robust and reliable national identify platform.
the current protection to consumers and citizens under both the aadhaar act and it act are skewed in favour of those who hold the data and places an extraordinary burden on the individual or the user to get justice, chandrasekhar said, urging the government to take pre-emptive measures lest the courts step in.
as both the bjp and the congress face the issue of a role reversal on aadhaar, jairam had to contend with questions on why he had become a sceptic after being instrumental in its rollout as a upa minister.
responding to one such observation that the modi government was only taking care of a baby born to the upa, ramesh replied: it is our baby, but you are turning it into a bhasmasur (a demon).
trinamul mp derek o'brien said the aadhaar biometrics often do not match in cases of the elderly and manual labourers who work with their hands, resulting in denial of benefits.
election bound: students at patna college.
telegraph picture leaders of tomorrow are padding up on the patna university turf for their first foray into politics.
the university election committee on wednesday held a meeting at the administrative block and finalised dates for the students union election process.
the nomination for the election will be held on november 30 and december 1, while the students can withdraw their names till december 3.
the tentative time and date for the election has been set between 8am and 2.
30pm on december 11.
the votes will be counted and the results would be declared by the evening.
the panel members also decided to hold the election on the guidelines of the lyngdoh committee recommendations, a decision that might not go down well with expectations of many students leaders.
u.k. sinha, a member of the committee for the students election, said: all members have agreed to hold the students union elections in accordance with the guidelines of lyngdoh committee, as the university is not the competent authority to change the basic framework of its recommendations.
the committee also decided to hold a meeting with representatives of various student leaders on november 9.
the student leaders have been demanding changes in the lyngdoh committee recommendations, such as abolishing the 70 per cent attendance for a student to contest the election, raising the upper limit for the election expenditure and using printed posters.
according to the lyngdoh committee recommendations, a student can spend rs 5,000 on the election.
however, the student leaders have been demanding a raise to rs 15,000.
raj sinha, a patna college student, said: the election expenditure for a candidate should be increased to a minimum of rs 15,000, as rs 5,000 is a small amount.
he added that the cap of 70 per cent attendance for a candidate contesting the election should also be abolished as many students will not be able to contest the poll in such a case.
at a function held on october 11 at wheeler senate hall in patna university, vice-chancellor shambhu nath singh had announced the dates for the students union election, which was held in 1984 for the last time.
patna university students union (pusu) has served as the launching pad for many politicians.
former chief minister lalu prasad, chief minister nitish kumar, deputy chief minister sushil kumar modi, health minister ashwini kumar choubey, former union minister and bjp national spokesperson ravishankarprasad prasad served the pusu in different capacities.
two representatives from every students body have been called to the (november 9) meeting and the representatives must be students of patna university, u.k. sinha said, pointing out that each college would have six ballot boxes.
on the basis of students strength at various colleges, election booths will be created.
the election at patna university will be held for 23 posts, direct elections will be held for five key posts at the university-level  president, vice-president, general secretary, joint secretary and treasurer  while executive committee members will be elected college and postgraduate faculty wise.
the executive committee members will be elected on the basis of the students strength.
patna womens college, bn college, patna college, magadh mahila college and patna science college will have two representatives each, while patna training college, womens training college, patna law college and college of art and crafts will have one representative each at the executive committee.
roshan kumarfor the iron man: ravishankarprasad prasad inaugurates the seminar on sardar patel in patna on tuesday.
picture by nagendra kumar singhpatna: union information technology and communication minister ravishankarprasad prasad on tuesday took a jab at the congress saying that the previous governments had ignored the legacy of sardar vallabhbhai patel.
in 1991 during the tenure of then prime minister p.v. narasimha rao, patel was conferred with bharat ratna.
patel died in 1950 before the award was instituted.
patel was accorded the country's highest civilian award posthumously in 1991.
c. rajagopalachari, former president s. radhakrishnan, and scientist cv raman were among the first recipients of bharat ratna in 1954.
the bjp, which has been organising sardar patel birth anniversaries on a larger scale ever since the narendra modi government came to power, has been accusing the congress of attempting to erase the contributions of the first deputy prime minister of india.
the union minister also questioned the capabilities of india's first prime minister pandit jawaharlal nehru putting the onus of kashmir issue on him.
after india gained independence in 1947, there were 555 princely states in the country whose accession was to be done.
patel successfully merged 554 princely states, including nizam and junagarh into the indian territory.
the only state (kashmir) whose accession was to be carried out by nehru is still an issue, prasad said.
this is not for the first time that bjp leaders have targeted the congress leadership for ignoring patel and the first president, rajendra prasad.
on several occasions, ravishankarprasad at public functions raised the issue of congress ignoring patel's legacy.
countering bjp's claim, rjd national spokesperson manoj jha said: bereft of any historical icon of their own, the bjp is on an appropriation drive to claim legacies of those leaders such as patel who vehemently fought against communalism of all hues and inclinations.
he added: they have no sense of history and most of them have not even bothered to read the rich correspondence between patel, nehru and gandhi.
hypothetically speaking if sardar patel was alive today, he would have launched a massive satyagraha against the bjp and the rss who are trying to make india, the mirror image of pakistan.
new delhi, feb.
7: any hope of achieving a reconciliation with the opposition on the parliament deadlock over the telecom probe became dim today following the cags disclosures on another spectrum deal that might have outdone 2g in terms of national loss.
the deal  that the bjp has started calling the 5g spectrum  has bolstered the opposition demand for a joint parliamentary committee (jpc) probe into 2g and the other major scams that have blotched the upa governments cv.
tomorrow, finance minister pranab mukherjee is scheduled to meet the opposition to see if the budget session can go off smoothly.
the preliminary details of the agreement, probed by the cag, were reported by the hindu today.
it reportedly related to 2005 when the indian space research organisations (isro) commercial arm antrix corporation struck a deal with devas multimedia, a private company headed by m.g. chandrashekhar, a former scientific secretary at isro.
deutsche telecom is a minority equity shareholder in devas.
the contract ostensibly concerned isros launching of two satellites for devas.
however, according to the hindu, which accessed a copy of the deal, it secured for devas a large hidden benefit that allowed it unbridled use of 70mhz of the scarce s-band spectrum for 20 years.
preliminary cag estimates said the spectrum largesse to a private customer could have drained the exchequer of over rs 2 lakh crore.
a presumptive loss of rs 1.
76 lakh crore was incurred in the allocation of 2g spectrum.
among the cags concerns over the deal were that s-band spectrum was allocated without inviting competitive bids, organisational control systems were not followed, the prime ministers office, the union cabinet and the space commission were not properly informed about the contract details, including the scaling down of isros costs, public resources were diverted to build two customer-specific satellites and devass terms deviated from those in past commercial contracts of isro/antrix.
the s-band spectrum is supposed to be extremely valuable for mobile broadband in terms of usage and money.
in india, of the 190mhz, the department of space was given 150mhz 30 years ago for broadcast satellite service and mobile satellite service.
of this, 20mhz was recently given to two psus, bsnl and mtnl, for offering broadband spectrum.
according to the hindu, they were asked to pay rs 12,847 crore.
but devas is accessing 70mhz in the same band for just over rs 1,000 crore.
bjp spokesperson ravishankarprasad prasad said the scam happened under the seat of the prime minister without auction, despite objections from the concerned department.
we demand a comprehensive jpc into the working of all the departments, he said.
the ball is in the governments court, cpms sitaram yechury said, adding that the s-band deal was a very serious issue since isro comes directly under the pm.
in a statement, isro did not deny the veracity of the report.
it said the antrix-devas pact was already under review by the department of space and the government will take whatever steps are necessary to safeguard public interest.
a decision on the matter is likely to be taken soon, it added.
ptirss general secretary bhaiyyaji joshi addresses the press conference during the concluding day of rss akhil bharatiya pratinidhi sabha at dr. hedgewar smarak premises in nagpur on sunday.
pti picturenagpur: the rss said on sunday that building a consensus on the ayodhya dispute was not going to be easy but stressed that a ram temple - and nothing else - would be constructed in the uttar pradesh town.
rss general secretary bhaiyyaji joshi also stressed that the matter was sub judice.
it is certain that the ram temple will be constructed at that place and nothing else can be built there, this is also decided, joshi told reporters here on the sidelines of the rss's akhil bharatiya pratinidhi sabha meeting.
confident of a favourable judgment from the supreme court on the matter, joshi said the construction of the temple would begin after the court's order and it would be built on the basis of its verdict on the ownership of land.
replying to a question on spiritual guru sri sri ravishankar's efforts at developing consensus between the different parties on the issue, joshi said consensus building was not going to be easy.
we have always maintained that the temple should be constructed with mutual agreement but our experience tells us that building a consensus on this issue is not easy, joshi said.
although the rss leader said he welcomed ravi shankar's efforts at negotiations, he pointed out that there were different groups in society with varied outlooks and to build a consensus among them would be difficult.
the next hearing in the ayodhya dispute, to determine ownership of the 2.
77-acre babri masjid-ram janmabhoomi disputed land, will be held in the supreme court on march 14.
a three-judge bench of chief justice of india dipak misra and justices ashok bhushan and s.a. najeeb is hearing the case.
asked about the demand for a minority religion status for the lingayat community in karnataka, joshi said: we do not support that.
mumbai on edge: the long march of over 35,000 farmers from across maharashtra arrived in mumbai on sunday.
braving scorching heat, they covered around 180km on foot in six days.
the protesters have halted at the somaiya ground in suburban chunabhatti for the night.
on monday, they will set out for the vidhan bhavan in south mumbai, where the budget session is under way.
the government has reached out to the farmers, promising to meet their demands, but the farmers leaders said they would press ahead with their protest at the vidhan bhavan.
led by the left-affiliated all india kisan sabha, the farmers are demanding proper implementation of the governments loan-waiver scheme, fair price for farm produce and compensation for hailstorm-affected farmers.
the government is worried also because class x examinations are scheduled on monday.
the state government has advised students to reach secondary school certificate (ssc) exam centres in mumbai well beforehand to avoid delays.
(pti) 1farmers' problemsthe problems of farmers should be understood sensitively and practical solutions found for them, the rss said.
joshi said there was a need to change the agrarian policy and the government has to ensure that farmers get proper prices for their produce.
however, he noted that there were a few obstacles in doing so.
no government can be insensitive on the questions related to farmers and it has to be sensitive towards farmers and find ways to address their problems.
it is their job to think and find a solution, joshi told reporters in response to a question.
thousands of farmers from various districts of maharashtra are marching towards mumbai to protest outside the assembly.
joshi said the farmers also needed to change their mindset and while farming, they must keep government policies in mind.
replying to a question on the banking scams and the overall economic scenario, joshi said the financial irregularities indicated that there were loopholes in the system.
such incidents are a big challenge and they pose danger to the country, he said, adding that the government and the financial institutions of the country should take them very seriously.
he also suggested that the financial system should also be made more fool-proof.
a resident returns to her home at pokharia village after collecting drinking water from the forest.
picture by amit kumar at the crack of dawn, basanti soren (52) leaves her hut at gurmaha in barhat block in jamui district with an earthen pot on her head in search of drinking water.
i have to walk over 5-6km to collect drinking water from a stream in the forest.
with the onset of summer, the village well dries up.
my son, daughter-in-law and grandchildren and many others from our hamlet have migrated along with cattle to other villages where water is available, she said.
i remained to look after our home and fields, she said.
this summer migration for water is not restricted to basantis hamlet.
it happens in over 800 such hamlets in the very inaccessible terrain of south-eastern bihar districts like jamui, munger, lakhisarai and banka, said kishore jaishwal, a drinking water activist in munger.
all these areas happen to be maoist strongholds.
bureaucrats and public representatives from this region usually avoid commenting on why, despite having central funds for security-related expenditure and special area development funds, people in the area do not have access to drinking water.
not surprisingly, people here are unmoved by the hype surrounding the general elections.
what is the use of voting for corrupt politicians?
despite their promises, we have to migrate for water every summer, asked biro hembrom of chormara village in jamui.
she and her family recently moved to mahajanwa, a hamlet atop the sringirishi hills in neighbouring lakhisarai district, for drinking water.
shankari devi of pokharia hamlet in banka lost her cool when asked about the elections.
we have to collect water from a dirty ditch in the forest during summers.
vote is of no importance to us who are denied even water.
only the party men (maoists) come to enquire about our welfare, she said.
similarly, there is no hype surrounding the april 17 elections in many hamlets under maoist-affected haveli kharagpur of munger lok sabha seat where drinking water and irrigation facilities remain a distant dream.
most candidates in the fray in jamui, munger and banka constituencies avoided questions on missing drinking water facilities and civic amenities.
they blame each other for the problem.
lalu was in power for over 15 years and nitish has been busy selling dreams to the people, alleged samajwadi partys munger candidate rambadan roy.
people will teach nitish kumar a lesson this time for denying basic amenities to the residents of rural areas, alleged ravishankarprasad prasad, an ljp leader from jhajha.
the jd(u)s jamui candidate uday narayan chaudhary and munger candidate lallan singh were not available for comment.
agriculture minister narendra singh refused to admit any failure by the nitish government.
he said: water is an age-old problem in this region.
how can one blame the nitish government?
chief minister tarun gogoi inaugurates the project at jahirpur near palashbari in kamrup district on monday.
picture by ub photos jahirpur (kamrup), april 9: five thousand faces, which have watched the brahmaputra eat away their home and hearth for the past 50 years, today stood on the river bank applauding chief minister tarun gogoi as he launched a flood and anti-erosion project which will probably be the largest in the country.
the assam integrated flood and riverbank erosion risk management programme, to cost rs 750 crore, will be funded by the asian development bank.
the integrated project will include erosion control schemes at palashbari and gumi (which includes jahirpur), where hundreds have been rendered homeless by the annual flood fury since 1950 and lost their farmland and homes to erosion.
the programme also includes similar anti-erosion projects in dibrugarh and kaziranga.
for years, we have been taking steps to control flood but erosion has caused more damage to the people in our state.
erosion is the biggest problem at hand and so we have taken up the biggest ever erosion control programme, gogoi told the gathering at jahirpur, about 60km from guwahati.
a total of 90km of brahmaputra riverbank will be covered under the three sub-projects at palashbari-gumi, dibrugarh and kaziranga.
the programme will be implemented by assam integrated flood and riverbank risk management agency, which was established by the state government through cabinet endorsement.
the state water resource department and disaster management department will also support the project.
in the first sub-project at palashbari-gumi, which will cover 9.
4km of riverbank, an estimated rs 172 crore will be spent, while rs 121 crore will be utilised for erosion control in dibrugarh.
the allocation for the sub-project at kaziranga is yet to be decided since it is waiting for environment clearance.
the chief executive officer of the assam integrated flood and riverbank risk management agency, ravishankarprasad prasad, told the telegraph that work on the two sub-projects would begin soon and would be completed in the next seven years.
the project will include continuous bank revetment using sand-filled geo-textile bags and boulders, besides other measures to control flood and check erosion.
it will include construction of new embankment and other livelihood support for people facing the flood fury and erosion, he said.
officials of the state water resource department said geo-textile bags were being used in the projects following the successful use of this technology to fight erosion at matmora in lakhimpur district.
gogoi also launched a project for a river research institute at basistha in guwahati which would study the movement and nature of brahmaputra and its tributaries and accordingly suggest measures to improve flood and erosion management steps.
our mission is not only flood and erosion control but we will also launch a pilot project soon on ways to reclaim the land wiped out by our rivers in erosion, gogoi said.
according to government estimate, assam has lost about four lakh hectares of land to erosion since 1952.
the launch of the project turned out to be a crowd-puller for the ruling congress, which wrested chaygaon and palashbari assembly constituencies from agps kamala kalita and independent candidate pranab kalita.
rekibuddin ahmed and jatin mali currently represent the ruling party in the two constituencies.
traffic restriction has been imposed on gandhi setu to save the 33-year-old bridge from complete collapse.
two pillars  34th and 35th  have tilted by 12 inches at least, prompting the road construction department to restrict vehicles on a part of the bridges eastern flank.
movement restrictions on this portion of bridge have been imposed as any load on this segment  between these two pillars  can lead to further tilting, national highway division chief engineer kedar baitha said.
baitha is a member of a committee drafted by the road construction department to suggest ways for restoring the bridge to its original shape.
south bihar chief engineer bhavani nandan and bihar rajya pul nirman nigam managing director ravishankarprasad prasad singh are two other members of the committee.
the state government has set a 20-day deadline for this committee to submit recommendations.
the urgency on part of the state government is logical as gandhi setu is the lifeline that connects north bihar districts with patna.
if movement on this bridge is stopped then life would become tough as people would have to take circuitous route for crossing the ganga through existing rajendra bridge, around 100km east of gandhi setu.
moreover, rajendra bridge, constructed in 1954, is functioning with restrictions and heavy vehicles are not allowed to use it.
the 5.
575-km gandhi setu, constructed in 1982, is already being used in a limited manner due to ongoing repair work on its western flank between 43rd and 46th pillars.
the western lane of the bridge was opened for traffic in 1982 and the eastern lane was opened in 1987.
the need of repairing the bridge was first felt in 1991.
tender for appointing a consultant to suggest measures were floated in 1993 and after getting permission from the centre a delhi-based consultant was appointed in 1997.
in a meeting held in 2000, the centre directed the state to get the works done in two phases and submit separate proposals.
accordingly, the state submitted two separate proposals.
while the centre released funds of rs 5.
36 crore for the first phase, which was utilised between february 2002 and october 2003, it did not approve the rs 23.
79-crore proposal for the second phase.
since 2004, rs 180 crore has already been spent on maintenance of the bridge.
after a meeting with the centre in january 2005, the state government submitted a rs 52.
54-crore proposal to the centre but it was not approved.
in february 2005, the centre sent a two-member expert team and after that a proposal, made on the basis of the report of the team, of rs 4.
92 crore was sent and it was approved by the centre.
the state sent another proposal in 2006-07 seeking rs 19.
71 crore but it was rejected.
in 2007-08, another proposal of rs 27.
04 crore was sent to the centre against which only rs 18.
04 crore was released.
based on the report prepared by vk raina, the state sent a rs 167.
13-crore proposal for comprehensive rehabilitation of the bridge but the centre did not take it up.
the government has blamed the centre for the current state of affairs and has also urged the eight union ministers from bihar to ask the union government to take appropriate steps to solve the problem forever.
the union ministers from bihar must take this issue seriously and should extend all possible help so far as gandhi setu is concerned, said road construction minister rajiv ranjan alias lalan singh.
on monday, he announced that gandhi setu could be closed for use any day due to its poor condition.
about the technology used for constructing the bridge, an executive engineer of bihar state road development corporation ltd said: gammon india has constructed the bridge using cantilever technology with hinge bearing and box girder.
it has 45 intermediate spans of 121.
065 metres each and one span of 65.
530 metres on both sides.
it is the only existing bridge in india on this technology.
there was such a bridge over the mandovi in goa but collapsed long back.
two other bridges were constructed over the zuari and the borim in goa but both have been closed.
in july 2011, on the request of nitish kumar, who was chief minister then, the centre had taken the responsibility to repair the damaged gandhi setu at a cost of rs 800 crore.
the state government took the work back from national highways authority of india (nhai) in june 2012 and expressed their eagerness to complete the repairing.
the state government, however, expressed its inability to take up the repair work in 2014.
on september 15, 2014, union minister for road transport, highways and shipping, nitin gadkari said the centre would undertake comprehensive repairing work of gandhi setu.
on september 23, the nhai refused to take up the repair claiming that it does not have the manpower for maintenance and an overhaul of the bridge.
new delhi, april 7: the manifesto tom-tommed maximum governance, minimum government but narendra modi tried to give his credo a human and inclusive face, talking of the poor and even spouting urdu.
for the greater part of the two-hour launch, the prime ministerial candidate had looked grim as drafting panel head murli manohar joshis opening remarks dragged on.
modi occasionally chatted with his neighbour on the stage, rajnath singh, or shared a joke with anchorperson ravishankarprasad prasad till his turn to speak came.
then, true to style, the gujarat chief minister encapsulated his outlook in three succinct undertakings.
i wish to make three promises personally.
i will not be found wanting on hard work, i will not do anything for myself and i will never work with bud irade (mala fide intentions), he said.
the choice of urdu was read by political observers as an assurance to the countrys minorities who are largely hostile to modi despite his occasional outreaches through state-sponsored harmony or sadbhavna missions.
modi said the core issues before the voters were good governance and development.
when we speak of development, it should be integrated, all-round development that will be appreciated by one and all.
when we talk of good governance, it should be governance that first thinks of the poor and the oppressed and listens to them, he said.
to the countrys dalits and poor, a government is the only lifeline to shelter, food, education and affordable health.
our vision is based on deen dayal upadhyayas (jan sangh founder) principle of antodaya (serving the last person in the queue).
he issued a call to make the country strong so that whenever india has to negotiate with a world power or another country, it should be from a position of parity.
duniya humein aankh dikhaye nahin, lekin humse aankh milane ka usko man kar jaye (let not the world browbeat us but want to meet us as equals), he said.
modi claimed the essence of the manifesto was contained in the pledge to take the country out of the morass it has sunk into, fulfil the dreams of indias 125 crore people with determination, and bring a whiff of fragrance from the bouquet of dreams to their lives.
sharing the stage were l.k. advani, joshi, sushma swaraj and rajnath singh.
arun jaitley was away filing his nomination in amritsar while nitin gadkari is tied up in nagpur.
our correspondentprotest path: rjd supporters raise slogans against the demonetisation's first anniversary in patna on wednesday.
picture by nagendra kumar singhpatna: rjd chief lalu prasad on wednesday dubbed the scrapping of rs 500 and rs 1,000 currency notes as the biggest failure of prime minister narendra modi.
he was addressing a public meeting in hajipur, around 22km north of patna, on the completion of one year of demonetisation,the rjd observed it as a black day.
addressing over 5,000 people at the bhola rai high school, lalu alleged that demonetisation was implemented to give an opportunity to bjp leaders to turn their black money into white.
fake celebration is being carried out by the bjp leaders today.
the whole country knows that demonetisation has broken the backbone of every common man and poor person, lalu said.
narendra modi took the decision in haste and due to it the country is facing severe economic crisis and an emergency-like situation has emerged.
accompanied by local leaders, including shiv chandra ram, the rjd boss wore a black ribbon in protest.
demonetisation helped bjp to convert their black money into white and brought helplessness for the poor people.
if the centre thinks that i have black money, take it out from me, lalu said.
even implementing gst (goods and services tax) was not in the interest of the country.
everyone thinks i am the richest person and every day the television people run news about me that i am in trouble.
he said demonetisation has led to closure of small scale industries and affected millions of small traders.
he attacked union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad for his claim that the note ban has led to dip in prostitution.
it is very shameful the kind of argument the law minister of india is putting forth.
i don't know what kind of places the bjp leaders go to, lalu said.
he also attacked chief minister nitish kumar.
palturam (turncoat) nitish has got finished now by going with the bjp, lalu declared.
he sent 40,000 people from the pasi community behind bars.
prohibition is a total failure and all brands of liquor are available.
when his party forms the government even class iv pass people would be given jobs in the police, lalu said.
in the seventh and final phase of the general elections, 59 constituencies will vote.
prime minister narendra modi, shatrughan sinha, ravi kisen, sunny deol and kirron kher are in the fray.
the contest: ravishankarprasad prasad (bjp) vs shatrughan sinha (congress)seat: patna sahib, biharinterest quotient: sinha quit the bjp after he was not given a ticket.
he moved to the congress.
now, he is pitted against law minister prasad who, he says, is a friend.
sinha won the seat in 2009 and 2014 on a bjp ticket.
sinha insisted he would contest only from patna sahib only.
the contest: misa bharti (rjd) vs ram kripal yadav (bjp)seat: pataliputra, biharinterest quotient: lalu prasads daughter takes on his former aide here.
ram kripal is the sitting bjp mp and a union minister.
misa is a rajya sabha mp and had lost to ram kripal in 2014.
lalu had himself contested from the seat in 2009 but lost to another former aide, ranjan yadav, then a jd(u) candidate.
will misa be second time lucky?
the contest: upendra kushwaha (rashtriya lok samta party) vs mahabali singh (jdu)seat: karakat, biharinterest quotient: kushwahas rlsp, which was with the nda, crossed to the rjd-congress camp in december 2018 after a demand for three seats was rejected.
kushwaha had said that the promise of providing bihar a special package has been the biggest jumla.
siding with the grand alliance is expected to benefit kushwaha in this fight for prestige.
the contest: rambhual nishad (sp) vs ravi kisen (bjp)seat: gorakhpur, upinterest quotient: the bjp lost gorakhpur, the fiefdom of yogi adityanath, in a 2018 bypoll to mahagathbandhan candidate praveen kumar nishad.
this time, the up alliance expects to repeat the magic against the bjps fresh face and bhojpuri actor ravi kisen.
the contest: narendra modi (bjp) vs ajay rai (congress)seat: varanasi, upinterest quotient: the seat saw an interesting battle even before polling when a suspended bsf jawan challenged the prime minister in his karm bhoomi and was subsequently disallowed from contesting by the election commission.
all eyes were fixed on the seat when speculations were rife that priyanka gandhi might contest.
former five-time mla rai, however, was declared the congress choice.
the contest: kirron kher (bjp), pawan kumar bansal (congress) and harmohan dhawan (aap)seat: chandigarhinterest quotient: in 2014, riding the modi wave, kher had defeated the four-time mp and former railway minister bansal by nearly 70,000 votes.
a close third runner-up was aaps gul panag who has been replaced by dhawan this time.
kher is alleged to be an absentee mp but could benefit from a three-cornered fight.
our special correspondentpatna: the bihar cricket association, the associate member of the board of control for cricket in india, will organise the first sunaina verma senior women inter zonal league cricket tournament from tuesday.
the tournament league matches will be played at dalsinghsarai and samastipur, while the final matches will be played on june 11 and 12 at moin-ul-haq stadium in patna.
non-government organisation putul foundation will sponsor the tournament.
the bca for the first time is going to organise women's tournaments.
the bca has divided all 38 districts into five zones and in the tournaments zonal teams will clash for the cup, said bca general secretary ravishankarprasad prasad singh.
for selection of teams in each zone, the bca conducted selection trials from may 22 to 25 in which around 300 players took part.
out of these 300 players 75 players were selected 15 from each zone.
the selection trail was held at moin-ul-haque stadium under the supervision of former ranji players.
the five zones are east zone, west zone, central zone, south zone and north zone.
players from patna, nalanda, vaishali, siwan, muzaffarpur have been put in central zone.
the players were selected from different age categories under-19, u-22 , u-27 and above.
based on the performance of players at the tournaments, the bca will also form the state women teams.
the supreme court on january this year directed the board of control for cricket in india (bcci) allowing bihar to participate in ranji trophy and other national cricket championships.
with bcci allowing bihar to participate at tournaments and bca being the associate member, this is second major tournament being organsied by bca.
meanwhile, the putal foundation has agreed to sponsors the women team for ten years.
putul foundation director and jdu leader rajiv ranjan prasad said: the bca will provide the technical and logistics help in the tournament while putul foundation will provide financial help in the tournaments.
as bca is organizing the tournaments the matches will be played as per bcci rules and regulations.
in january this year bca organised the bcci under-23 cricket tourney.
state teams from bihar and teams from north eastern states (all associate) members participated at the tourney.
new delhi, may 27: the bjp organisation looks headed for a complete overhaul as almost the entire brass, including party president rajnath singh, have joined the narendra modi government.
the bjp has scrupulously adhered to the one person, one post norm in the past.
that means office-bearers relinquish party posts if they shift to the government.
besides rajnath, the others who have become ministers are vice-presidents uma bharati, smriti irani and najma heptulla general secretaries ananth kumar, dharmendra pradhan and thawar chand gehlot, and spokespersons prakash javadekar, ravishankarprasad prasad and nirmala sitharaman.
the 11-member parliamentary board has been emptied out of all its members, barring l.k. advani, murli manohar joshi and ramlal, the general secretary (organisation).
sources, however, said the board, the bjps top decision-making body, would continue in its present form.
the process of filling in the blanks is expected to kick in after june when the new government is done with its first parliamentary session.
sources said prime minister modi was expected to go in for a limited cabinet expansion after the session, principally to appoint a defence minister and accommodate mps from rajasthan, himachal pradesh and uttarakhand.
the states had no representation in his current council of ministers despite yielding the bjp a rich haul of seats.
first, a new party president will have to be elected.
the term is a misnomer because an incumbent is invariably chosen by consensus once the rss flashes the green signal.
the president then constitutes his team as well as the state units.
the choice for rajnaths successor appears a toss-up between general secretaries j.p. nadda and amit shah.
nadda was chiefly patronised by nitin gadkari, a factor that may not exactly endear him to modi who reportedly looked askance at the former party presidents proximity to rss chief mohanrao bhagwat.
shah, the architect of the uttar pradesh victory, is regarded as a hands-on organisational person.
some argue that like modi, shah is from gujarat and might therefore, upset the regional balance.
but a source said: that should not be a hurdle.
modi belongs to india now, not just gujarat.
none will raise an eyebrow if shah takes over.
the source said modi would like to control the bjp through proxy and shah was the perfect candidate.
congress president rahul gandhi addresses an election campaign rally for the lok sabha polls, in gaya on tuesday, april 9, 2019.
ptithe congress on tuesday released a video that shows a person identifying himself as an employee of raw, the countrys external spy agency, a bank manager and some others exchanging scrapped currency notes after demonetisation and sought an investigation.
unauthenticated materials furnished by political parties usually warrant a heavy dose of scepticism.
but the purported details disclosed by the opposition party  based on an apparent sting operation by a journalist who is scared to speak out  stood out because of the specifics.
specific names, including that of some top politicians, designations and places of meetings, a defence service and a specific air base have been cited.
the nature of the allegations is so grave that it should not be swept under the carpet, and only a government agency will have the access and facilities to either corroborate or dismiss the allegations.
the clips identify individuals who can easily be confronted and investigated, said congress leader and top lawyer kapil sibal, who showed the video at a media conference.
the i-card of raw official (name), who is posted at the cabinet secretariat, is seen in the video.
(bank name) manager (mumbai, fort branch) (officers name) has been identified.
an fir should be lodged, sibal added.
the alleged operation appeared to facilitate the swap of demonetised currencies with new notes in exchange for a commission.
pti quoted union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad as saying: kapil sibal has made false allegations.
we will take legal action.
new delhi, feb.
4: the bjp today demanded a probe into the leak of a report submitted to the supreme court by the r.k. raghavan-headed special investigation team (sit) on the 2002 anti- muslim pogrom in gujarat.
bjp spokesperson ravishankarprasad prasad claimed the leak might have been engineered to take attention away from corruption and inflation.
the court is yet to consider and form an opinion on it but it has already been leaked, he said.
according to the tehelka magazine, the report said the gujarat government overlooked ghastly and violent attacks on muslims after the godhra carnage and that chief minister narendra modi had tried to water down the gravity of the situation by contending that every action has an equal and opposite reaction.
lk advani, sonia gandhi new delhi, feb.
19: a day after l.k. advani apologised to sonia gandhi for alleging her family had squirrelled away ill-gotten money in foreign banks, he got a left-handed compliment from long-time rival murli manohar joshi for his principled stand.
this will make our campaign against black money even stronger.
it shows immense character and a principled stand (on advanis part) that the information was wrong and a correction was made.
this shows we are honest, joshi told mediapersons.
the bjp and the rss, which were left squirming, feared that advanis letter of regret to sonia would impair the bjps campaign not only against black money but corruption in general.
because if we level a charge, the congress will turn around and say have you got your facts right or will you have to say sorry again, an office-bearer said.
bjp insiders read joshis comments in two ways.
one, they said, he admitted that the information on which charges against sonia, rajiv gandhi and the family were based were incorrect.
that advani released a report of a task force he had specially appointed to look into black money stashed in swiss banks and foreign tax havens and which had one of his closest aides, chartered accountant s. gurumurthy, established his centrality to the exercise, a source said.
so theres no way he can distance himself from it, a bjp official said.
two, insiders read a deeper meaning in joshis use of the phrase immense character.
since a rae bareli court, hearing the criminal conspiracy case to demolish the babri mosque, cleared the charges against advani when he was deputy prime minister and framed charges against joshi and others, the veteran told his confidants there was more to the honourable acquittal than met the eye.
joshi had then nearly lost his job as human resource minister.
if joshi claimed advanis letter to sonia showed how honest the bjp was, the party virtually disowned the report released with fanfare at advanis residence on february 1, especially the passages that accused the gandhis.
spokesperson ravishankarprasad prasad said: the task force was merely meant to urge the government to take action on black money by outlining the enormity of the problem.
although prasads colleague, prakash javadekar, said corruption, price rise and black money would be the main issues the bjp would flag for debate in parliament, leaders conceded in private that the last may not figure.
the sonia-advani exchange of letters has reduced the whole thing to a personal problem.
she is only concerned about the reputation of her family and he is solely bothered about keeping his stature intact, a source said.
it is believed that sonias missive to advani  written a fortnight after the report was brought out  expressed surprise and disappointment at how a person of his stature, occupying high positions in the nda and the bjp, could endorse a document containing scurrilous and malicious fabrications against the gandhis.
advani confidant gurumurthy, who is chennai-based, sounded upset with his mentor and articulated his feelings on twitter.
in his first post on friday  shortly after news broke of advanis apology  gurumurthy wrote: i think he has been very badly advised to do it.
the report is not his.
the task force stands by it.
today, he told the telegraph: no, the apology was not for the contents of the report.
but if she (sonia) was hurt, he (advani) expressed regret.
gurumurthy added that instead of sending a confidential letter, if sonia had made a public statement, advani would not have apologised.
patna, nov.
3: bjp patriarch kailashpati mishra passed away at his patna home on saturday.
he was 89 and a bachelor.
mishra, who died this morning after complaining of acute breathing problem last night, started his political career as an rss pracharak in the 1940s.
senior leaders like chief minister nitish kumar, leader of the opposition in the bihar assembly abdul bari siddiqui, rjd mp ram kripal yadav, legislative council chairman awadesh narayan singh and deputy chief minister sushil kumar modi rushed to mishras home at kautilya nagar to pay their respects.
bjp top guns such as l.k. advani, narendra modi, leader of the opposition in the lok sabha sushma swaraj, her counterpart in the rajya sabha, arun jaitley, party general secretary dharmendra pradhan and national spokesman ravishankarprasad prasad are scheduled to attend mishras funeral tomorrow.
nitish said mishra would be cremated with full state honours on the banks of the ganga after 5pm.
he summed up mishras death as the end of an era and an irreparable loss not only to bihar but the nation as whole.
mishra had participated in the quit india movement in 1942 and left home in his high school days to become a lifetime pracharak of the rss in 1945.
thereafter, he went on to build the base of the rss, the jan sangh and later the bjp.
he even earned the sobriquet of bhishma pitamah of the bjp.
mishra had served the rss as the pracharak, moving out to various bihar districts for 20 years since he joined the outfit in 1945.
he later shifted to the jan sangh.
he was the founding president of the state bjp unit that came into existence after breaking out of the janata party.
he enjoyed close proximity to the partys top guns like atal bihari vajpayee and advani.
mishra also served as the mentor to sushil modi, nandkishore yadav, awadhesh narayan singh, sukhada pandey, ashwini choubey and several other senior bjp leaders.
kailashji was our guide, guru, philosopher and more, said sushil modi.
besides serving the state legislature from vikram and being a member of the rajya sabha (1984-90), mishra served as the governor of gujarat and rajasthan from may 2003 to july 2004.
his gubernatorial stint ended when the upa government replaced the nda in 2004.
our legal correspondentnew delhi: union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad on monday said the government was not a post office and had the right to seek reconsideration of the supreme court collegium's recommendations, defending the centre against charges of stonewalling judges' appointments.
his comments came amid a controversy over the government's refusal to clear the elevation of uttarakhand chief justice k.m. joseph, who had quashed the centre's imposition of president's rule in the hill state, to the supreme court.
the union law ministry and the law minister is not a post office, prasad said, adding that the government had not committed any cardinal sin by sending some recommendations for judicial promotions or appointments back for reconsideration.
he recalled that three constitution benches had in 1993, 1998 and 2015 recognised the government's right to seek reconsideration of the collegium's nominations.
therefore, when i see these kinds things, as if we are killing views, we are committing a cardinal sin.
.
.
.
we have a right to respectfully and gently convey our views; it is for the collegium to take a call, he said.
according to convention, the government can seek reconsideration just once and must clear any decision the collegium reiterates.
however, prasad's comments come at a time the government has been sitting on a host of collegium recommendations, leading to massive vacancies in the high courts and triggering speculation of an executive-judiciary standoff.
prasad dismissed such theories, claiming the nda government had appointed more high court judges since 2016 than any predecessor: 126 in 2016, 117 in 2017 and 30 so far this year.
he said the record of 126 would be broken by this year's end.
he advised political parties to stay away from intra-judiciary tussles, apparently alluding to the opposition's attempts to impeach chief justice of india dipak misra whom the next four senior-most judges had publicly accused of arbitrary handling of the roster.
if there are differences in the judicial system, let us trust the foresight and statesmanship of the judiciary to settle it, he said.
he urged those who have lost the popular franchise not to go to court and indulge in sponsored litigation for achieving their political design, without explaining which parties or cases he had in mind.
prasad said he had written to the chief justices of all the high courts requesting speedy disposal of cases pending for 10 years in the subordinate judiciary, particularly criminal cases and those relating to women, children and the weaker sections.
he earlier launched the nyaya vikas, an online monitoring system for infrastructure projects for the subordinate judiciary.
shatrughan sinha had won the patna sahib seat in 2014 with 55 per cent of the vote share illustration by rahul awasthishatrughan sinha, who had insisted that he wanted to contest from patna sahib and no other seat, was trailing the bjp's ravishankarprasad prasad by 1.
8 lakh votes this evening.
congress candidate shatrughan had around 31 per cent of the votes counted in the patna sahib constituency in bihar, according to election commission of india updates.
this put him behind the bjp's ravishankarprasad prasad, who had 64 per cent of the votes counted as of 11.
20 amjust before the start of the elections in april, shatrughan quit the bjp and joined the congress.
he called his former party a one-man show and a two-man army.
he said his friend lalu prasad had advised him to join the congress.
shotgun, as his fans call him, also made it clear that he would contest from patna sahib in bihar.
sinha had won patna sahib in 2014 with 55 per cent of the vote share.
but this time, he was up against bjp minister ravishankarprasad prasad, who also is shotguns friend.
about 20 per cent of patna sahibs electorate is kayastha, a caste to which sinha and prasad belong.
arms outstretched, former bjp mp shatrughan sinha joins congress in new delhi in the presence of party spokesperson randeep surjewala and bihar state in-charge shaktisinh gohil.
telegraph file phototrue to his cinematic flourish, sinha told the residents of patna in a rally: i have also come here to keep my word that whatever the situation, the location for me in the general elections will be patna sabhib only.
it is my first, second and last choice.
he conceded that he had left the bjp reluctantly and with a heavy heart when he saw the candidate list.
i still waited till the bjp announced its candidates.
my name was not there.
so i left with a heavy heart.
i had dared to speak the truth and question the faulty policies of top bjp leaders, so they labelled me a rebel, the actor said.
new delhi, dec.
7 (pti): the art of living foundation of sri sri ravishankarprasad is to blame for the damage caused to the yamuna floodplains by deciding to hold its world cultural festival on it in march 2016, the national green tribunal said on thursday.
we hold aol responsible for the damage caused to the yamuna floodplains in terms of the report submitted by the expert committee, a bench headed by ngt chairperson justice swatanter kumar and including justice jawad rahim and expert member b.s. sajwan said.
but the bench refused to impose any further environment compensation on aol and said that the rs 5 crore deposited by aol earlier would be used to restore the floodplains.
an expert panel had told the ngt that the restoraton of the floodplain would cost rs 42.
02 crore.
the ngt told the delhi development authority on thursday to assess the damage and compute cost of restoration in line with the recommendations of the expert panel.
if the restoration costs more that the rs 5 crore deposited by the, the aol would have to pay the extra.
if the cost is less than rs 5 crore, the balance would be refunded to aol, it said.
the ngt said that yamuna floodplains should not be used for any activity that can cause damage to the environment.
the ngt said it was beyond its jurisdiction to rule on whether the aol festival should have been allowed on the floodplains.
aols counsel said they would appeal the ngt verdict in the supreme court.
we are not in agreement with the verdictour submissions have not been dealt with/considered.
we will appeal to the supreme court.
we are confident that we will get justice before the supreme court, aol said.
the ngt was hearing a petition filed by one manoj misra, who claimed that severe damage was done to the river and the floodplains and it must be restored by authorities concerned.
our special correspondentram vilas paswan.
file picturenew delhi: dalit ministers ram vilas paswan and ramdas athawale on thursday asked the government to seek a review of the supreme court order diluting the scheduled castes and scheduled tribes (prevention of atrocities) act, putting the centre in a fix amid conflicting voices from within.
the government refused to commit for the second successive day, saying it would come up with a structured response.
the top court had on tuesday said competent authorities would have to give their sanction before public servants and other citizens could be arrested under the law.
so far, complaints filed under the law normally led to immediate arrest as one of the act's provisions barred courts from granting anticipatory bail.
paswan and athawale, both allies of the bjp, called for a review.
the government should file a review petition before the supreme court.
the judgment has angered scs and sts.
dilution of the stringent provisions would lead to widespread atrocities against the already weaker sections, paswan, consumer affairs minister who heads the bihar-based lok janshakti party, said.
chirag, paswan's mp son, said the ljp's dalit wing would file a review plea.
athawale, a junior minister and ally from maharashtra who heads the ambedkarite republican party of india (a), said he had raised the matter with bjp chief amit shah and finance minister arun jaitley and claimed that both felt the judgment should be reviewed.
i met amit shahji and in my presence he called up law minister ravishankarprasad prasad and asked him to read the judgment and file a review petition in the supreme court, athawale said.
he acknowledged that the law had at times been misused but said dalits could not be left unprotected.
the government refrained from making any commitment.
we will make a detailed study and after that the government and the party will come up with a structured response, law minister prasad said, repeating what he had said on wednesday.
the dilemma was apparent.
some voices from the bjp's loyal upper-caste support base and even some backward sections have welcomed the judgment.
in rural areas, there is rampant misuse of the stringent provisions.
it's not proper that a person gets arrested under the sc/st act without any inquiry.
the judgment seems to have taken note of the misuse, bjp mp bhairon prasad mishra said.
but dalit mps, including social justice minister t.c. gehlot, are learnt to have put pressure on the party to move the court for a review.
off the record, party leaders said they were worried that heartland outfits like mayawati's bsp and akhilesh yadav's samajwadi party could use the judgment to paint the bjp as anti-dalit.
the uttar pradesh twins had earlier this month joined hands to defeat the bjp in two key parliamentary bypollsthe congress has already accused the government of not arguing in the court properly, blaming it on the rashtriya swayamsevak sangh's anti-dalit disposition.
bjp leaders said they couldn't afford to be seen as anti-dalit at a time the parivar has been trying to bring the dalits into the hindutva fold.
we are considering all the ramifications and most likely the government will file a review petition, one minister said.
the modi government is committed to protecting the poor, dalits and backwards and we will not do anything that goes against these sections.
union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad picture by prem singhunion law minister ravishankarprasad prasad on monday said the ram janmabhoomi-babri masjid title dispute suit should be disposed of as soon as possible, but clarified that he was speaking as a citizen.
one thing i would like to say, not as law minister of the country but as a citizen of india, is that the ram janmabhoomi case is now pending for 70 years.
the allahabad high court judgment came in favour of ram janmabhoomi.
now the appeal is pending for ten years.
the appeal should be disposed of as soon as possible, prasad told reporters before leaving for delhi.
prasad had been asked to comment on the supreme courts decision to cancel the january 29 ayodhya hearing because of the unavailability of one of the judges on the five-judge bench that was to take up the case on tuesday.
it is good that cases are heard quickly but people of the country have expectations that the ram janmabhoomi case too should be disposed of as soon as possible.
we all have high regard for the supreme court and have faith in the judiciary but there is one expectation also that this matter is heard on a priority basis, prasad said.
it is fast turning into a silly season for jumlas as the modi government buckles down for what law minister ravishankarprasad prasad has promised will be a flurry of sixers in the slog overs ahead of this years general election.
during wednesdays debate in the rajya sabha on the 10 per cent reservation in jobs and education for economically weak persons belonging to the upper castes, prasad told hecklers from the opposition that the new reservation quota plan was the first of several sixers from the modi government  and many more would come in the days ahead.
in cricket, sixes are scored in the slog overs.
.
.
when the match is drawing to a close, sixes are struck.
if you have a problem with that, you must realise that this (the 10 per cent reservation quota) isnt the first of the sixes.
many more are on the way.
.
.
these will be struck for development, for change, for transformation.
the electorate will decide who wins and who loses, prasad said.
already, there is speculation within north block that the government will announce tax exemptions and tweak tax-slab structures in the budget for 2019-20 so that incomes up to the level of close to rs 6 lakh a year could theoretically become tax free.
tax saving schemes, which allow a resident individual to save up to rs 1.
5 lakh a year under various heads and an added rs 50,000 under the national pension scheme, could be broadened to allow tax-free savings between rs 2.
5 lakh and rs 3 lakh, according to these proposals.
by convention, governments do not announce tax proposals in interim budgets that are presented in election years.
interim budgets ensure that the administration can draw on funds till the new government is formed and is ready to unveil its budget for the remainder of the fiscal year.
but this is merely a convention  and the government is not duty-bound to abide by conventions.
the modi government could take its cue from the vajpayee governments practice in the interim budget of 2004 when it tested the boundaries of those conventions.
finance minister jaswant singh, in his interim budget for that year, had said: some necessary changes in the income tax act require the amendment of the income tax act.
jaswant stopped short of announcing changes in the act.
instead, he expressed the governments conviction and its commitment to make certain changes  and proceeded to list them  in the hope that the government would return to power and be in a position to implement them.
there were four clear direct tax intentions that jaswant announced: extend the deadline for fiscal benefits in the case of new power sector projects from 2006 to 2012; extend tax exemption on long-term capital gains on purchase of equity by a further three years, a tonnage tax scheme for shipping, and a waiver of capital gains tax on acquisition of land from farmers.
these announcements of intent were over and above fiscal benefits that had been announced on january 8 of that year  about three weeks before the interim budget.
so, there is a clear precedent for the modi government to follow.
top finance ministry officials said the modi government might not ditch conventions but opt for the stratagem that was adopted in the 2004 interim budget: front run with a trailer of clearly enunciated tax intentions before the elections.
this becomes like a headline-grabbing manifesto promise but it will be spelt out in the interim budget that will give it greater seriousness and legitimacy, an official said.
officials said that among the changes being contemplated was doubling the standard deduction granted to salaried taxpayers.
the last budget had given the salaried middle class a standard deduction of rs 40,000 after scrapping deductions for medical allowances of rs 15,000 and a transport allowance of rs 19,200 a month.
that move did not draw much applause as the net tax benefit was capped at just rs 5,800.
currently, at the base of the income tax pyramid, individuals do not have to pay taxes or file returns if they earn less than rs 2.
5 lakh a year.
by adding savings that are allowed under various income tax provisions, theoretically a person with earnings of up to rs 4.
5 lakh a year does not need to pay taxes if he saves up to rs 2 lakh a year.
a more controversial move to raise the threshold level for taxpayers to rs 5 lakh from the current rs 2.
5 lakh has long been on the cards as something desirable, said officials.
the flip side of this is that it could potentially take a large number out of the tax base, denting tax collections.
around 6.
84 crore people filed tax returns in 2017-18.
approximately half of them were in the rs 2.
5 lakh to rs 5 lakh annual income bracket.
this income bracket, which paid around rs 1,21,384 crore in income tax in 2017-18, is usually taken to represent the lower middle class of india.
swapan sarkar, national president of the indo-american chamber of commerce, said: if you take a large chunk of people out of the net, even if they are paying zero tax, it means overall compliance levels will go down.
rampant under-declaration of income is already there.
without the obligation to file returns, this will only increase.
new delhi, july 13: the cabinet committee on economic affairs (ccea) today approved a 15 per cent stake sale in national buildings construction corporation ltd (nbcc), with an aim to garner rs 1,706 crore.
the government holds a 90 per cent stake in the company, which has a market capitalisation of rs 14,274 crore.
the government hopes an estimated receipt of rs 1,706 crore from this (divestment).
but it is just an estimation, law and it minister ravishankarprasad prasad said after the ccea meeting.
the actual realisation will depend on market conditions and investor interest at the time of divestment.
an official statement said additional shares would be allotted to employees at a discount of 5 per cent to the cut-off price of the offer for sale (ofs).
according to market regulator sebi's guidelines, the minimum public holding in a listed company has to be maintained at 25 per cent.
nbcc was listed on the bourses in 2012 when the government diluted a 10 per cent stake to raise rs 124.
97 crore.
the company has split its share of rs 10 each into five with a face value of rs 2 each.
the company's shares today dropped 10.
72 per cent to rs 229.
80 on the bombay stock exchange.
according to a release, the stake sale will broadbase nbcc's shareholding and increase the centre's divestment receipts.
the government has pegged the divestment target at rs 56,500 crore for 2015-16.
of this, rs 36,000 crore is supposed to come from minority stake sales in psu and rs 20,500 crore from strategic sale.
fertiliser unitsthe cabinet today approved the formation of a special purpose vehicle (spv) by three maharatna public sector utilities - ntpc, coal india and indian oil - to revive three fertiliser units in uttar pradesh.
these include two closed urea units of fertilizer corporation india (fcil) at sindri (jharkhand) and gorakhpur (uttar pradesh) and the barauni (bihar) unit of hindustan fertilizers (hfcl).
the government in its statement said the revival of the fertiliser units would meet the growing demand of urea in bihar, bengal and jharkhand.
the fourth partner in the spv will be fcil or hfcl, through the nomination route.
gail (india) ltd has planned to lay a gas pipeline from jagdishpur to haldia.
the three units will serve as anchor customers for this pipeline and ensure its viability, the statement said.
new delhi, jan.
28: the bjp today hit back at rahul gandhi, using words like ill-informed and irresponsible to target the congress leader after his first formal interview to a television channel.
the focus of the bjps attack was on rahuls comments on the gujarat riots and the distinction he sought to draw between the 2002 pogrom and the 1984 anti-sikh violence in delhi.
the remarks are palpably wrong.
it is a textbook case of speaking a lie.
the people of the country will reply to this, said chief spokesperson ravishankarprasad prasad, who launched the attack with party colleague arun jaitley.
in the interview with times now editor-in-chief arnab goswami, pre-recorded on saturday and telecast yesterday, rahul had said the government was not involved in the 1984 violence, unlike what had happened in gujarat.
prasad said rahuls remarks were unfortunate and irresponsible as the supreme court-monitored special investigation team had given narendra modi a clean chit.
rahul gandhi is ill-informed.
in 1984, police hardly fired at the rioters, it was in collusion with the government.
in gujarat, 300 rioters died in police firing.
around 65,000 rioters were arrested in gujarat, jaitley said.
jaitley said modi went through inquiries, including by the sit, and came out clean, while nothing of that sort happened with congress leaders involved in the 1984 riots.
which congressman has ended in jail because of 1984?
he asked.
the bjp mocked rahuls assertion that the system in this country needed a change.
his claim to change the system and make the process more open sounds almost laughable because people of the country are entitled to ask as to what he did in the last 10 years, prasad said.
if rahul gandhi was a member of any other political party, he would still be struggling to become a party office bearer.
he needs to speak about the congress party needing a change and not the whole system, jaitley added.
prasad said rahul was reluctant to be projected as his partys candidate for prime minister as he realised that the congress was headed towards certain defeat.
rahul recognises that certain defeat stares at his face.
when he was asked why he chose to run away from a direct competition with modi, he had nothing to say, prasad said.
jaitley said the most startling statement in the interview was the one on dynasty and quoted what rahul said: i am absolutely against the concept of dynasty, anybody who knows me knows that and understands that.
surely, mr gandhi, jaitley went on, you dont expect india to believe you on that.
new delhi, march 25: bjp leader arun jaitley today alleged that prime minister manmohan singhs barb at l.k. advani during the wikileaks debate in parliament was actually directed at someone else.
although he did not name anyone, jaitley made it clear his reference was to rahul gandhi.
democratic parties which elect leaders on the basis of merit never accept the concept of birthright.
it is only parties that believe in dynastic succession which are committed to the concept of birthright.
members of a dynasty acquire the right to govern as they are born into a family.
i got a distinct feeling that he was addressing someone else, telling that somebody that he would have to wait for another three-and-a-half years, jaitley said today at a news conference he addressed with party colleague sushma swaraj.
singh had said in parliament that advani believed that being the prime minister was his birthright and therefore he has never forgiven me.
he asked the bjp veteran to wait in the wings for three-and-a-half years till the next elections.
in the bjp, jaitleys response was seen as the first public defence of advani  party mps had sat silently when the prime minister attacked him.
the rss, the bjps ideological parent, frowns on the idea of political legatees.
so political scions have been few, the exceptions being the sons of jaswant singh, vasundhara raje and himachal pradesh chief minister prem singh dhumal.
dhumals son anurag thakur, a lok sabha mp, has been mentored by jaitley.
former bjp president rajnath singh was stopped in his tracks when he tried to push one of his sons in uttar pradesh politics.
advani is said to have turned down covert suggestions from within the party to induct his daughter pratibha into politics.
jpc demand the bjp virtually rejected a demand by certain members of the joint parliamentary committee looking into the 2g spectrum scandal that party mps yashwant sinha, jaswant singh and ravishankarprasad prasad should recuse themselves from the panel because they were part of the cabinet that had framed the telecom policy in the nda regime.
sushma said: we have not even thought about it.
if the speaker informs us about it, we will think then.
our legal correspondentnew delhi: the supreme court on monday issued a notice to the bar council of india on a petition to debar lawmakers from practising as advocates despite attorney-general k.k. venugopal arguing the plea was not maintainable.
what is the perception of the bci on the issue, we want to know, chief justice dipak misra told venugopal.
the bci, the regulatory body for legal education and the conduct of advocates, is expected to respond before the next hearing on april 23.
several mps such as kapil sibal, abhishek singhvi, k. parasaran, k.t.s. tulsi and vivek tankha are successful lawyers.
arun jaitley and ravishankarprasad prasad too practised law when they were lawmakers but not ministers.
venugopal contended that the petition was not maintainable as the petitioner, advocate and purported bjp spokesperson ashwini upadhyay, had moved a similar plea before the bci, which was under its consideration.
he said the bci had formed a four-member interim panel to examine the matter, but three of its members had rejected the plea saying there was no embargo on lawmakers from practising in the courts.
the bench, which included justices a.m. khanwilkar and d.y. chandrachud, however, said it would still like to examine upadhyay's claim that rule 49 of the bci debars salaried people from practising as advocates.
it, however, rejected the suggestion by the petitioner's counsel, v. sekhar, that the election commission be served with a notice on the subject too.
how does the election commission come into all issues?
justice misra asked.
on february 18, the apex court had sought the attorney-general's assistance on the subject.
some of the arguments upadhyay has offered are: lawmakers participate in the impeachment of judges; so letting them practise as advocates creates a conflict of interest; a lawmaker challenging a particular legislation in court too creates a conflict of interest; the country needs dedicated, full-time legislators; lawmakers receive their salaries and perks solely to discharge their public duty; accepting fees from a private client to appear against the centre or a state or local government while receiving a lawmaker's salaries and perks from the exchequer amounts to professional misconduct; many lawmakers are regularly seen on television and at news conferences, and tend to have a heavy social media presence.
such visibility is against the bci rules.
a public servant is not allowed to practise as an advocate, and lawmakers are public servants under section 21 of the indian penal code and section 2(c) of the prevention of corruption act.
the national policy on electronics 2019, which aims to make the country an electronic export and manufacturing hub by promoting the production of strategic electronics such as artificial intelligence and defence electronics and generate over one crore jobs, was approved by the government on tuesday.
through this policy, the government aims to make india an electronic export and manufacturing hub, and target $400 billion turnover in 2025, and provide jobs to one crore people, union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said after the cabinet meeting.
the policy proposes to boost mobile manufacturing in the country to 1 billion units worth $190 billion (about rs 13 lakh crore) of which 600 million units worth $110 billion (about rs 7 lakh crore) will be exported from the country.
under the policy, the government aims to push manufacturing of strategic electronics required by the defence and other strategic sectors in the country.
the first electronics policy came in 2012.
hydrocarbonthe cabinet has approved a revised methodology for auction and allocation of hydrocarbon resources to attract new investment in the exploration and production sector.
the focus is on increasing production from existing resources and unexplored areas, finance minister arun jaitley said.
the first category to be auctioned are blocks that are already explored fields.
during bid evaluation, the weightage criteria for bidding under this category was 50:50 between minimum work proposed (thereby higher production) and revenue shared with the government.
this has now been revised to 70:30 with higher weightage for minimum work programme.
the second and third category is of those blocks where little or no exploration has been done.
these blocks can be bid out without any revenue share commitment and the government will seek a share in the eventuality of a windfall gain, he said.
coal mines allocationthe cabinet has also approved a new methodology in the coal sector.
this will allow the allocation of coal mines for specified end-use or own consumption and to sell 25 per cent of actual production on a run-of-mine basis in the open market with payment of additional premium on such sale.
president donald trump on friday held out the prospect of a very big trade deal with india, executing a quick shift in tone at the start of talks with prime minister narendra modi here.
i think were going to have some very big things to announce.
very big trade deal.
were doing some very big things with india in terms of trade, in terms of manufacturing, trump said ahead of the formal opening of the g20 summit and less than 24 hours after tweeting a strong complaint about new delhis trade policies.
few details on any trade deal were available after the two leaders concluded the talks, which india described as very open and productive.
trump began the conversation with congratulations for modi on his recent re-election and conciliatory comments about the need for close relations.
the relationship with india, trump said, has not ever been better than it is right now.
before landing in osaka, trump had tweeted that indian tariffs were unacceptable and must be withdrawn.
trump, set to meet chinese president xi jinping on saturday, made a push to discuss us concerns about chinese telecom equipment maker huawei.
washington has pressed its allies to shun huawei in their fifth generation, or 5g, networks on security grounds, and has suggested it could be a factor in a trade deal with xi.
we actually sell huawei many of its parts, trump said.
so were going to be discussing that and also how india fits in.
and well be discussing huawei.
india is yet to decide whether to place curbs on huawei or allow the chinese telecom giant to participate in the upcoming 5g trials, scheduled to start in 100 days.
telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad told the lok sabha last week the government had received proposals for field trials from six 5g players, including huawei and zte of china.
modi and trump aired their concerns over the bilateral trade disputes and agreed to an early meeting of their commerce ministers to sort out the issues, indian foreign secretary vijay gokhale said.
modi referred to the trigger behind the latest bilateral trade skirmishes and suggested that both countries move forward.
three weeks ago, trump had suspended indias participation in the generalised system of preferences, an american programme that allows goods from the worlds poorest nations to enter the us with zero tariffs.
india retaliated several days later by imposing tariffs on 28 products imported from the us, including almonds, apples and walnuts.
trumps tweet from air force one on thursday was in response to the indian tariffs.
the prime minister did mention in particular that we had taken some action after the gsp was revoked, that that was now something that already had happened and now we should now look forward and we should see how we can resolve some of these issues, gokhale said.
president trump welcomed this idea, gokhale said, noting that both us trade representative (ustr) robert lighthizer and treasury secretary steven mnuchin were in the room when the two leaders met.
so what we expect now (is) an early meeting and the level is still be decided whether it will be at the level of commerce and industry minister and the ustr or we will first have technical discussions, that is an issue to be decided, the foreign secretary said.
but essentially it was a very productive discussion, it was very open discussion and we will take things forward, he added.
the talks with potus (president of the united states) were wide ranging.
we discussed ways to leverage the power of technology, improve defence and security ties as well as issues relating to trade, modi tweeted after his meeting with trump.
india stands committed to further deepen economic and cultural relations with usa, he added.
our special correspondentattention please: participants at the bjp programme in patna on sunday.
picture by manoj kumarpatna: the congress and other opposition parties, which are trying to forge an alliance against the bjp ahead of the 2019 general election, came under attack at a programme organised by the bjp's state unit to mark four years of the narendra modi government at the centre.
while some of the bjp leaders said such an alliance was nothing, a motley collection of defeated and disappointed people, some attacked congress president rahul gandhi and drew parallels between him and joseph goebbels.
union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad took the lead by claiming that some defeated and tired people would not be able to stop the caravan of narendra modi in 2019.
people who have repeatedly rejected by the people of the country should remember that india of 2018-19 is not that of the 1990s, prasad said.
he questioned the congress president rahul gandhi's act of mentioning about loya case decision of the supreme court in political meetings.
has he forgotten all norms?
senior bjp leader and deputy chief minister sushil kumar modi reminded people of the political instability of the 1990s and mentioned that how the governments of charan singh, chandrashekhar, h.d. deve gowda and ik gujral had been toppled.
people would take lessons from the past and would never allow the same phase of instability to return, modi said.
bjp bihar unit president termed the congress a selfish party and claimed that it chose the division of the country to make jawaharlal nehru the prime minister of the country.
senior bjp leader and road construction minister nand kishore yadav chose to draw an analogy between rahul gandhi and his party and joseph goebbels, the minister of propaganda in nazi germany, who believed that if a lie, if repeatedly told to people, becomes truth.
i have come to know that rahul gandhi is reading books on hitler.
it appears that he has taken inspiration from goebbels and is spreading lies on issues like reservation and rights of scheduled caste people, nand kishore said.
new delhi, march 23: law minister ravishankarprasad prasad has sought the intervention of the chief justice of india to make the country an investor-friendly destination by reducing frequent adjournments in trial courts and shifting towards electronic service of summons and filing of cases.
there are certain issues which could be addressed by the judiciary in their initiatives in the larger interest of efficient and effective delivery of justice, prasad said in a letter addressed to chief justice j.s. khehar today.
i am sure that the supreme court can provide the necessary leadership for the proper implementation of the existing provisions in the cpc (civil procedure code) relating to grant of adjournments, adherence to timelines, electronic filing and electronic service of summons in 71 city courts of delhi and 60 such trial courts in mumbai, immediately.
the world bank takes these courts as the yardstick to determine the judicial work culture in india.
the minister, who cited the world bank's 2017 annual report on doing business, said india's overall ranking had improved from 131 in 2016 to 130 in 2017, but much needed to be done on the judicial front.
in terms of enforcing contract, he said, india stood at 172 in 2017, against its lowest rank of 178 in 2016.
the enforcing contract indicator measures the time and costs for resolving a standardised commercial dispute through a local court.
the ranking is dependent on the quality of the judicial process index, evaluation whether an economy has adopted good practices that promote quality and efficiency in the court system.
according to the minister, the centre had come out with a number of judicial reforms in 2016 - such as setting up separate commercial courts and commercial appellate divisions within high courts, besides amendments to the cpc for faster disposal of cases - but things had not improved on the judicial front.
however, despite the existence of these provisions, it is found that time standards are rarely complied with and ad journments are granted frequently.
likewise the cpc was also amended to permit service of summons through fax, electronic mail or courier services.
electronic service of summons is an important component of the enforcing contract index.
however, though the provision for such service has been provided for in the law, we (india) have not been given any credit for it, as the service of summons is being done manually, he said.
the second international day of yoga will be observed across bihar on tuesday.
the bihar school of yoga in munger will hold a 90-minute session at its subsidiary building, paduka darshan, at kashtarni ghat on the banks of ganga from 6am to 7.
30am.
swami niranjanananda saraswati, chief of the bihar school of yoga, is expected to lead the session.
hundreds of people are expected to take part in the session.
the bjp will hold yoga sessions in the morning in patna and several other towns, led by several union ministers.
for instance, union communications and information technology minister ravishankarprasad prasad will lead the session at gandhi maidan in patna from 6.
30am.
minister of state for micro, small and medium enterprises giriraj singh will lead one in kankerbagh and union minister of consumer affairs, food and public distribution ram vilas paswan will lead in hajipur.
around 10,000 people are expected to attend the morning session at gandhi maidan to mark the international day of yoga, said ashok bhatt, the bjp's state media-in-charge.
patanjali yogpeeth is looking after the arrangements for the session at gandhi maidan, while gayatri parivar is looking after the preparations for the same in kankerbagh.
our special correspondentaction stations: a crowned lalu prasad wields a sword on being re-elected as rjd president in patna on tuesday.
picture by nagendra kumar singhpatna: lalu prasad started his tenth innings as rjd national president on tuesday with a speech that despatched his political rivals beyond the boundary line with signature shots of wit.
he dubbed state health minister mangal pandey dengue mantri, described ravishankarprasad prasad as his former assistant secretary (from when he was patna university students' union president), called ram vilas paswan mausam vaigyanik (weather expert or one who knows which way the political wind is blowing), and took potshots at the crackdown on sand mafia: government says it will sand on the weighing scale.
he didn't spare himself either: i land up in jails i constructed myself.
his knock was rivalled by his wife rabri devi's pinch-hitting.
she dared the central agencies to interrogate her and gave it back to bjp bihar chief nityanand rai for his chop fingers pointed at narendra modi comment.
our legal reporterravi shankar prasadcalcutta: union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad on monday invited leaders of three associations of lawyers at calcutta high court to a meeting on thursday as their cease-work for appointment of judges entered its fourth week.
the calcutta high court bar association, bar library club and the incorporate law society will, however, continue the strike, which began on february 19, at least till friday.
our course of action will depend on the outcome of our meeting with the minister, said uttam majumdar, the president of the bar association, which represents over 10,000 advocates.
the general body of our organisation will meet on march 19, after the meeting with the minister.
on monday, three lawyers were sworn in as judges of the high court, increasing the strength from 27 to 30.
acting chief justice jyotirmoy bhattacharya administered the oath of office to justice shampa sarkar, justice ravi k. kapoor and justice arindam mukherjee.
the high court has a sanctioned strength of 72 judges.
the presidents and secretaries and some members of the bar library club and the incorporate law society were present at the swearing-in.
representatives of the bar association stayed away.
in t he evening, bar association president majumdar said they were not against the swearing-in of the judges.
all of us welcome our professional colleagues for their appointment as judges of the high court.
at our last meeting on march 6, we had decided to continue the cease-work and hold the next general body session on march 19.
so, we did not attend the programme, said majumdar.
appointment of three judges will not solve the problem.
there should be at least 50 more judges, he added.
shuchismita chakrabortypatna: infertility treatment is set to get cheaper in the state.
the indira gandhi institute of medical sciences (igims) will soon have the in-vitro fertilization and embryo transfer (ivf_et) lab with intracytoplasmic sperm injection (icsi) facility in the next six months.
from test tube baby treatment to sperm processing, the lab for infertility treatment at igims would offer all these specialised treatments to childless couples, for which one has to loosen his/her purse strings at private centres.
at igims, however, the treatments would cost much less than the private facilities.
igims will also have a state-of-the-art physical medicine and rehabilitation (pmr) unit that will be equipped with minor operation theatre (ot) and intensive care unit (icu) facility - another first in a government set-up.
union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad has donated rs 2 crore for the facilities from his mplad funds.
while state-run patna medical college and hospital has a pmr department, it is not a full-fledged unit as pmr surgeries are not being taken up at pmch.
the pmr unit at igims will, however, be a full-fledged unit with teams of orthopaedic and neuro-surgeons apart from pmr experts.
according to an estimate, around 10 to 15 per cent married couples suffer from infertility.
while most of them get results through medicines or artificial insemination of sperm into the uterus, there are some who require ivf and icsi treatment.
the ivf- icsi lab would also have an embryology lab complex.
stunting focusprasad highlighted the problem of stunting in bihar.
prasad said: one-hundred and fifteen districts across the country have been identified under transformation under niti aayog.
of the 115, stunting is prevailing in 12 districts of bihar.
the prime minister has asked the ministers to visit the backward districts in their region.
he added: as part of this, i have already visited sitamarhi and all set to visit gaya, begusarai, nawada and purnea.
i request igims experts to visit these districts, find reasons for stunting and offer solutions.
new delhi, oct.
27: japans softbank today pledged to plough $10 billion (over rs 60,000 crore) into tech and communication companies in india as the narendra modi-government looks to harvest the investment gains from his visits to japan and the us in quick succession.
softbank  one of the major telecom and internet corporations of japan  will look for opportunities in telecom and the fast-growing e-commerce sectors in india.
speculation is rife that the japanese company is set to invest in e-retailer snapdeal, though both the parties have evaded queries.
immediately after coming back from the us earlier this month, modi had said at an investor meet in madhya pradesh that foreigners had queued up with $100 billion of funds and it was up to the states to make most of the opportunity.
the softbank commitment is exactly one-tenth of what the prime minister had claimed.
the proposed investment was announced by softbank chairman and chief executive officer masayoshi son in a meeting with telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad, an official statement said today.
mr son today assured the minister that softbank would like to invest approximately $10 billion in india in the coming years.
he placed it on record that india is the top most priority for softbank, the telecom ministry statement said.
son told prasad that the visit of prime minister modi to japan had created a climate of hope and optimism about greater economic co-operation between the two countries.
with a market cap of $92 billion, softbank has operations in broadband, fixed line telecom, e-commerce, finance, media and marketing.
softbank already has made investments in indian companies, including inmobi and hike.
he (son) further expressed immense faith in the great e-commerce potential of india.
he estimated it to become a $0.
5 trillion business in the next 10 years, the statement said.
the softbank chairman also asked prasad to develop a robust mobile phone infrastructure and resolve spectrum issues.
prasad shared the prime ministers ideas and informed son about the incentives such as electronic manufacturing clusters and package scheme that the government is providing to boost electronic manufacturing in india, the statement said.
the minister also informed son about the vision of the government to transform india into an it product nation, it added.
besides, prasad discussed the smart city project of the new government for which rs 7,060 crore has been earmarked in the current years budget.
india has sought japanese investments for the smart cities as well as technology for high-speed trains.
in 2007, softbank had established a subsidiary in india called japan telecom india private limited.
earlier this month, softbank corporation signed an agreement to invest $250 million in media company legendary entertainment.
bjp candidate for vaishali seat veena devi flashes the victory sign as she leads in the vote counting for lok sabha polls, in muzaffarpur, thursday, may 23, 2019.
(pti)the bjp-led nda obliterated the opposition grand alliance in bihar, demolishing the fabled caste-based political equations in the state.
the nda had won seven and was leading in 32 of the states 40 lok sabha seats at 8pm on thursday.
the congress was leading in just one seat, kishanganj, and lalu prasads rashtriya janata dal (rjd) was set to score a duck.
the bjp emerged on top in all 17 seats it contested, ram vilas paswans lok janshakti party (ljp) in all six it fought, and chief minister nitish kumars janata dal united (jdu) seemed to slip in only one of the 17 where it battled.
the jdu, fighting alone, had only won two seats in 2014.
many stalwarts bit the dust and proved wrong exit polls, which turned out to be conservative.
among the prominent rjd figures who were defeated or set to lose were former union minister raghuvansh prasad singh (to the ljps veena devi in vaishali), lalus eldest daughter misa bharti (to the bjps ram kripal yadav in patliputra), lalus eldest son tej pratap yadavs father-in-law chandrika yadav (to the bjps rajiv pratap rudy in saran), jagadanand singh (to bjp leader ashwini choubey in buxar), and abdul bari siddiqui (to bjp rookie gopal ji thakur in darbhanga).
the big names in the congress to eat humble pie were incumbent patna sahib mp shatrughan sinha (to the bjps ravishankarprasad prasad), former lok sabha speaker meira kumar (to the bjps chhedi paswan in sasaram), supauls incumbent mp ranjeet ranjan (to the jdus dileshwar kamat), and tariq anwar (to the jdus dulal chandra goswami in katihar).
rashtriya lok samta party (rlsp) chief and former union minister upendra kushwaha, who ditched the nda and contested from ujiyarpur and karakat constituencies, lost both  to bihar bjp president nityanand rai and the jdus mahabali singh, respectively.
hindustani awam morcha secular (hams) founder and former bihar chief minister jitam ram manjhi was trailing against vijay kumar of the jdu in gaya.
jdu dissident sharad yadav also lost in madhepura on an rjd ticket to the jdus dinesh chandra yadav.
the cpi candidate from begusarai, former jnu students union president kanhaiya kumar, lost by a huge margin  4,22,217 votes  to the bjps giriraj singh.
nota stood at third position in 13 constituencies in bihar, showing that there was a rising trend of people not liking any of the contestants.
the lok sabha quake is bound to rock the politics of bihar, which had stemmed the winning spree of the bjp in the 2015 assembly elections.
jdu secretary-general k.c. tyagi declared that the poll results not only affirmed that the bjp, jdu and ljp together had a vote share of 55 per cent consisting of the backward castes, scheduled castes and upper castes, but also a fair section of yadavs and muslims, who constitute around 30 per cent of the electorate.
prime minister narendra modis wave and chief minister nitish kumars work have done the miracle in bihar, tyagi said.
the results show that the public is now bored of rjd chief lalu prasads caste- and family-oriented politics.
analysing our victory and the break-up of results, we see that nda led at over 220 out of 243 assembly seats and this is going to have a very positive impact in our favour in the state elections due next year.
ljp leader and ram vilass son chirag paswan, leading in jamui, said that there were three factors: prime minister modis name, chief minister nitishs support and ram vilass guidance.
we had seen casteism breaking up in the 2014 lok sabha polls too, but this time the people of bihar rose beyond the lines of caste and religion to vote for us.
the verdict is on our work for the people and also negates the thinking that muslims do not vote for the nda, chirag added.
the results highlighted the failure of lalus younger son tejashwi prasad yadav, who was the pivot of the opposition grand alliance.
the rjd needs a leadership overhaul, a senior leader of lalus party said under cover of anonymity.
tejashwi did not take any suggestion from partys veteran leaders and ignored them.
his consultants were non-political people from delhi.
he did not indulge either in constructive works, or in positive campaigning, and could not take the party above the dependence on my (muslim  yadav) factor for votes.
he did not share the dais with rahul gandhi in several of his meetings, and even disappeared for around a week in the midst of campaigning on the grounds of being ill.
it was a time when the opponents were swallowing pills and campaigning while running high fever.
tejashwi said the rjd will analyse the reasons behind defeat and will strive together to fight bigger battles.
a clamour for change in leadership can also be expected in the congress.
there was a complete lack of coordination among the grand alliance constituents, said sadanand singh, congress legislature party leader in bihar.
the rjd was taking unilateral decisions.
the number of seats on which we contested came down from our demand of 14 to 11 and finally to nine due to this.
there is a need to increase our acceptability among the public.
the results are a mixed bag for nitishs jdu; it will breathe in new life but the thumping countrywide victory of the bjp will weaken any chance of nitish striving to pose a challenge as a secular leader to modi.
new delhi, march 9: sushma swaraj, who sought to foreground herself as the flag-bearer in the bjps campaign against the ousted cvcs appointment, was today done out of her share of credit by party president, nitin gadkari.
responding to queries at a news conference on whether he endorsed sushmas line on the cvc controversy after prime minister manmohan singhs statements in parliament, gadkari said: the cvc issue is not over for the bjp.
we are dissatisfied with the prime ministers reply.
i am stating this as the bjp president.
my statement is the party line.
although gadkari hedged on whether the bjp would demand singhs resignation, he said: the prime minister has deflected the blame on the then minister of state for personnel (prithviraj chavan) and chavan is shifting the blame on the kerala government.
is one to infer that the centre is also running the kerala government?
the cvc issue is not a simple matter.
the prime minister should explain if the appointment was done under political pressure.
the bjp will take its movement to the peoples court.
as gadkari stressed there were no differences within his party on how to take on the government on the cvc issue, his assertions made it clear that the bjp was persuaded by the rajya sabha opposition leader arun jaitleys line.
there are no contradictions between sushmaji and jaitleyji on this, he insisted.
however, the differences between the opposition leaders  whose aides lately claimed that they functioned in complete unison  surfaced on march 4 when sushma used her twitter account to say that she appreciated singhs statement accepting responsibility for the cvcs appointment shortly after he spoke to the lok sabha.
the bjps chief spokesperson ravishankarprasad prasad promptly reacted, saying that just a casual comment claiming responsibility was not enough.
a day later, rajya sabha mp and former party chief m. venkaiah naidu said: the prime minister is duty-bound to tell whether there was an error of judgement or some other pressure from outside.
he even asked for an apology in parliament from singh.
jaitley said in a tv interview emphasised that the buck stopped at singhs door.
on monday, when he sought clarifications on how p.j. thomas was picked for the job and was told the process was overseen by chavan, now the maharashtra chief minister, he said he felt let down by singhs responses.
that sushma would no longer be the public face of the bjps cvc-prime minister discourse was apparent in yet another way today.
at a meeting of the partys office-bearers from all over the country, she spoke on price rise while jaitley addressed the gathering on corruption that, sources said, included a lengthy exposition on thomass appointment and sack.
ironically, sushma, whose official and recorded dissent to the government had catalysed political opinion against thomas, did not utter a word on it.
amit bhelarijail blow: lalu prasad comes out of the ranchi court with his son tejashwi after his conviction on saturday.
picture by prashant mitrapatna: lalu prasad used twitter to tear into the bjp soon after a special cbi court convicted him in one of the fodder scam cases on saturday.
lalu posted 11 tweets, comparing himself to nelson mandela, martin luther king and babasaheb ambedkar in one of them.
he vowed to keep fighting for the poor, come what may, and accused the bjp of playing dirty games to hide its failures and target opposition politicians.
the bjp plays the game of hatred and immorality to win vote banks and hide its own claptrap.
the truth can be made to appear as a lie, as ambiguous or as a half-lie through a concerted onslaught of bias-driven propaganda, he wrote.
but the blurry layers of bias and hatred will still be removed, come what may.
in the end, the truth will triumph.
he also tweeted: a lie can travel halfway round the world while the truth is putting on its shoes.
.
.
.
but (truth) still prevails.
.
.
.
in the end, though.
he claimed that he was not alone in his battle: the people of bihar had always stood with him.
lalu is not alone in his dharmyudh; the entire state of bihar and its people are with me.
people can trouble lalu, who has emerged from among the downtrodden, but cannot defeat him, he tweeted.
he accused the bjp of dividing society and said that whoever challenged the party had to face the consequences.
powerful people and powerful classes always managed to divide society into the ruling and the ruled classes.
and whenever anyone from the lower hierarchy challenged this unjust order, they would be deliberately punished, he tweeted.
lalu prasad averred that he was not a mere thorn in the side of the feudal classes but a nail that would never be pulled out.
he pronounced himself a son of the soil who was not afraid of any punishment.
i have the entire state with me, and just one bihari is more powerful than everyone.
my struggle to salvage the truth will continue, he posted.
i shall keep fighting for social justice till my last breath.
babu jagdev prasad (known as bihar's lenin) was shot and i'm going to jail.
however, i will not kneel.
i will die battling the manuvadis.
while most opposition parties were guarded in their reaction to the verdict, the congress stood by its ally.
party spokesperson manish tewari said the congress's alliance with the rjd had been formed after lalu prasad's first conviction in the fodder scam, and that it would continue.
on the other side, the bjp and the janata dal united welcomed the judgment.
union minister ravishankarprasad prasad of the bjp said: the lesson of today's conviction of lalu prasad is that the law will catch up with you if you commit corruption.
jdu chief general secretary k.c. tyagi said: we welcome the verdict.
the rjd is heading towards its demise.
anwesha ambalyunion ministers ravishankarprasad prasad and (right) dharmendra pradhan inaugurate the data centre in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the national informatics centre (nic) has set up a state-of-the-art cloud-enabled national data centre here, its fourth such facility after ones in delhi, hyderabad and pune.
union electronics and it and law and justice minister ravishankarprasad prasad inaugurated the facility on monday in presence of union minister dharmendra pradhan.
prasad said the centre would boost odisha's digital development.
the centre is important because the sanctity of data is vital and in the it ecosystem, it adds to the digital clout of a state or location and raises its global profile, he said.
the data centre will host new and existing applications of the central and state governments and has the ability to support 35,000 virtual servers.
the national data centre will provide better job opportunities to youths of odisha.
we have a huge human resource in digital entrepreneurship, it, digital governance and digital economy, said pradhan.
the national informatics centre, which currently has 4,500 people on its payroll, plans to hire another 800 across various levels of the organisation with 350 dedicated to cyber security.
the data centre will offer 24x7 operations with secure hosting for e-governance applications of the governments.
a centralised cloud environment has been established to host multiple applications with simplified operations and increased application responsiveness.
it will also provide benefits such as on-demand access to information and communication technology infrastructure for easy availability and quick deployment of applications and standardised platforms of deployment.
the centre will address the increased load from various new digital projects.
national informatics centre director-general neeta verma said: 'the launch of the new government projects such as mygov, goods and services tax's e-way bill, direct benefits transfer among others have increased the demand for computer, storage and networking in the past two-three years.
kapil sibal on tuesday demanded a thorough investigation into the allegations made by self-proclaimed evm hacker syed shuja while the congress tried to dissociate itself from the entire episode by pointing out that doubts about rigging did not originate from mondays event in london.
the bjp has launched a scathing attack on the congress as former union minister kapil sibal was present at the london media conference.
congress spokesperson anand sharma said the party had nothing to do with the event in london where shuja made sensational allegations over a video link from the us.
we dont know where and why kapil sibal went.
it was not a congress press conference, sharma said, adding that the opposition parties had jointly petitioned the president and the election commission for a return to ballot papers long ago.
sibal called reporters to his residence to clarify his position: journalist ashish ray, who organised the event, sent me a personal e-mail inviting me to the event.
i know ray for long and i had to go to london for some work, so i went to the press conference.
ray told me he had sent invitations to all political parties as well as the election commission of india.
so i went there.
a minister (ravi shankar prasad) made very irresponsible remarks and thats why i am holding this press conference i didnt intend to.
how syed got political asylum in the us needs to be investigated.
he says in the e-mail that he was in detention centre for 16 days and hospital for 18 days after reaching chicago on may 15, 2015.
this can be checked from hospital records.
he also says the us justice department spent two years investigating this case.
this can be verified.
sibal added: the e-mail also says a senior politician from india met him on january 25, 2015.
he also says a television anchor, whose voice booms in drawing rooms across india, also met him in 2015.
these can be verified simply by checking passports.
he says they worked for a company called wind solutions, which was hired by ecil (electronics corporations of india limited).
he says they worked at various locations in sanath nagar and his team was called ms7b.
ecil would have made payments by cheque, this can be verified.
he says kamal rao of wind solutions is also in the us, given the address.
denying that he was saying shujas claims were right, sibal said: if his claims are wrong, act against him.
but a proper investigation is needed.
i didnt ask him to work on evms. i didnt get him political asylum.
it is childish to blame to me.
it is about the fate of indias democracy.
truth has to be found out as even if 50 per cent of his claims are right, it is very dangerous.
ray said in email that we invited the eci (election commission of india) and all indian political parties recognised by the eci as national parties to attend the meet.
none did, other than kapil sibal of the congress.
since invitations were sent to the concerned party presidents, i surmised mr sibal had been sent as an observer to the press conference.
he sat in one of the back rows of the room; and did not participate in the proceedings in any way, ray added.
in hindsight, we can say ahmed (ray said shuja is also known as syed hyder ahmed) disappointed.
but that does not mean we should not have listened to him, he added.
new delhi, oct.
24: a bangalore-based ngo has urged the prime minister and the union law minister not to accord the status of a civil court to the national commission for women, saying such a move would be disastrous for men.
childrens rights initiative for shared parenting (crisp) has argued that an organisation meant exclusively for women can never be impartial as a civil court in matters involving men and women and can at best be a kangaroo court.
the womens panel has been seeking the status of a civil court, as enjoyed by the national human rights commission.
but crisp president kumar jahgirdar has countered the demand in his letter to narendra modi and ravishankarprasad prasad.
men and boys cannot approach the ncw for justice under any circumstances, the letter says.
it adds that if the womens panel were accorded a courts powers, all welfare institutions for religious minorities, lgbt and sc/st would be justified in demanding the same status to exclusively adjudicate their own personal community matters.
why not men also be provided with similar biased courts which would be sympathetic to the cause of men only?
the letter asks, adding: the need for an impartial judicial arm of democracy would cease to exist.
crisps website describes some of its aims as furthering the rights of a child to remain connected with both parents (if they are separated) and eliminating gender bias from family law and future legislation.
citing purported government statistics, jahgirdar alleges that 98 per cent of cases under the penal codes section 498a (dowry harassment and domestic cruelty) are false, as are 80 per cent of domestic violence act cases and 70 per cent of rape complaints.
over 65,000 husbands are driven to suicide due to domestic violence and matrimonial tension every year even as the government continues to create more and more misplaced and anti-male provisions.
crisp says the womens panel has allowed the misuse of 498a to continue unabated, finally requiring the honourable supreme court to step in and curtail misuse.
besides, the panel intervenes not when the complainant is a woman but only when the accused is a male.
(it) has on all occasions refused to entertain any complaints from mothers-in-law or sisters who were abused by their female in-laws, instead choosing to intervene only when the accused was a husband.
jahgirdar says the panel has allowed itself to degenerate into a feminist watering hole which quotes false statistics, misuses government funds and power of the chair and has in many cases resorted to illegal arm-twisting and threatening of men and women from husbands families to extort financial settlements.
anita joshuachief justice dipak misra (left) with prime minister narendra modi at the event.
picture by prem singhnew delhi: the friction between the higher judiciary and the law ministry was played out in full view of the legal fraternity during the national law day celebrations on sunday.
union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said governance must be left to those elected and law-making to the legislature, both of which are accountable to the people.
pils should not become a substitute for governance and the government because the founding fathers gave this right to those elected to govern, prasad said.
the founding fathers clearly meant that governance must remain in the realm of those elected to govern by the people and accountable to the people.
he said the independence of the judiciary could not be invoked in a way that it made other institutions irrelevant.
prasad did salute the independence of the judiciary and say the government had accepted the supreme court's verdict on the national judicial appointments commission (njac).
the rejection of the njac is seen as the primary cause of the friction.
but chief justice of india dipak misra reminded the gathering that as recently as friday, the top court had thrown out a petition seeking a right for voters to reject an elected candidate if half the votes had been cast in favour of the none of the above option.
he underscored that some of the most significant judgments in the country had emerged from pils.
on the minister's charge that prolonged legal cases on infrastructure projects were delaying development and escalating costs, justice misra said the court had always been hesitant to interfere in economic matters.
eventually, prime minister narendra modi sought to ease the tension by saying: we are all part of one family.
but modi added that we need to introspect whether we are helping each other in the larger goal of nation-building.
our legal correspondentnew delhi: the centre plans to amend the law to encourage the establishment of accredited institutional arbitrators who will help resolve corporate disputes.
although some institutional arbitrators now exist in india, the standard practice is for the parties involved in the dispute to appoint individual arbitrators for individual cases with court permission.
one objective behind the proposed amendment is to turn india into an international arbitration hub.
currently, arbitration of disputes involving indian companies is often held in places like singapore and london.
the arbitration and conciliation (amendment) bill, 2018, is expected to be introduced in the ongoing budget session of parliament.
it envisages, among other things, an arbitration council of india that will regulate the institutional arbitrators and award them grading and accreditation on the basis of their calibre, credibility and quality of services.
union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said the council would be headed by a former supreme court judge or a retired high court chief justice.
under the scenario envisaged in the bill, various (private) institutions will come up, equipped with their own panels of arbitrators, made up of retired judges and senior lawyers.
some 36 such institutional arbitrators already exist in major indian cities such as delhi, calcutta, chennai and mumbai.
the idea is to encourage the establishment of more such bodies, prasad said.
arbitration allows parties involved in corporate disputes to settle matters speedily while avoiding the hassles of regular court proceedings.
our special correspondentchief justice dipak misra (left) with prime minister narendra modi at the event.
picture by prem singhnew delhi: prime minister narendra modi stepped up to play good cop on sunday after law minister ravishankarprasad prasad's bad cop turn on alleged judicial overreach and over-accommodation of public interest litigation had provoked a rejoinder from chief justice of india dipak misra.
judicial activism and pils as a substitute for governance had become key issues at the two-day national law day event, organised by the law commission and the niti aayog, with prasad voicing the government's concerns a day after finance minister arun jaitley did so.
modi sought to ease the tension after justice misra had replied that the judiciary was conscious of the constitutional provision of separation of powers and had often thrown out pils that it considered beyond its purview.
rising to deliver the valedictory address, the prime minister stressed the need for all the pillars of india's constitutional arrangement to work together.
we are all part of one family and we need to introspect whether we are helping each other in the larger goal of nation-building, he said.
unlike prasad, modi steered clear of the apex court's october 2015 decision to quash the national judicial appointments commission, which would have given the government a say in judges' appointments, saying such issues were best left to those engaged in law.
his refrain, instead, was that the judiciary, executive and the legislature should ponder whether their actions were in tune with the country's needs and its people's aspirations.
law minister prasad had sought to pick holes in the collegium's decision-making by referring to the case of the supreme court having to send a sitting judge to jail for contempt.
when i looked through the records, to my dismay, i found that the then collegium had found him to be well versed in all the branches of the law.
obviously, he was not well versed in the contempt law, prasad said.
the minister wondered aloud whether it was not time now to have an audit on the collegium system, which dates back to 1993.
justice misra did not agree with the minister's contention that the law minister's office was being regarded as a post office by the judiciary, saying that communication received was never ignored.
to the loaded suggestions that the judiciary was not respecting the concept of separation of powers, the chief justice's response was that the constitution expected all pillars to function with a sense of mutual respect and none should claim supremacy.
we recognise and accept the concept of separation of powers, justice misra added.
a fair portion of the prime minister's hour-long speech dwelt on the framing of the constitution, whose adoption on november 26, 1949, is what the national law day celebrates.
modi described the constitution as the soul of indian democracy and underlined the role it had played in addressing the needs of a diverse country.
he listed the measures his government had taken to improve ease of living and claimed the present era was a golden period that was witnessing the emergence of a new india.
modi flagged the goods and services tax as a step in this direction and called for a debate on simultaneous elections to the lok sabha and all the state assemblies, with a date pre-fixed for elections every five years.
this, he said, would save a lot of money and improve national efficiency.
when the session closed, the prime minister did not immediately leave the venue.
he spent almost a quarter of an hour with the judges and lawyers in what is being billed as another  chai pe charcha'' - a reference to modi's mega public outreach programme in the run-up to the 2014 general election.
new delhi, nov.
12: the congress leadership and the government appear to be extremely annoyed with minister v. narayanasamys purported claim that the centre was actively considering converting the cag into a multi-member body.
although the minister said he was misquoted after pti released the interview yesterday, the news agency stood by its report and described the change in stand as a retraction.
the congress thinks the damage has been done as the controversy has broken out days before what it apprehends could be a difficult parliament session.
while the main opposition bjp has grabbed the chance to present what it says is proof of the congresss propensity to destroy institutions, what has caused concern in the government is the reaction of the left and friendly outfits like the samajwadi party.
they too suspected a plot to teach comptroller and auditor general vinod rai a lesson for his hostile reports on several controversies plaguing upa ii.
in the course of the interview, narayanasamy was asked about the recommendation made by former cag v.k. shunglu that the cag be made a multi-member body.
the government, the minister of state in the pmo had purportedly replied, is actively considering it.
he later claimed he had merely told the agency reporter that six shunglu panel reports were under consideration and the reporter did not specifically ask him about the cag.
the congress moved fast to control the damage, with spokesperson sandeep dikshit clarifying that the government would not do anything in response to individual conduct and institutional necessities for such a change, if required, would be taken into consideration.
the government is alive to the possibility that this controversy could create an impression that the watchdog was being silenced.
a congress leader pointed out that the row had erupted days after rahul gandhi advocated a transparent system, hailing the virtues of the right to information act at the partys special surajkund conclave.
we never intended to weaken the institution of the cag despite obvious disagreements with vinod rai.
i am sure the prime minister, too, would have told off the minister for making that irresponsible remark, he said.
other congress leaders felt there was no need to discuss the matter openly as the government was not in a position to manage the requisite numbers for a constitutional amendment such a change would require.
asked about the congresss view on turning the cag into a multi-member body, dikshit said: it is for the government to decide.
stressing that the minister had already denied his reported statement, the spokesperson added: (the) cag is a companion of the government.
there is no confrontational relationship though we disagree with some of the findings of the present cag.
but this does not mean the institution will be changed because of one person.
however, there seems to be different perceptions in the government.
information and broadcasting minister manish tiwari, who avoided a direct comment on the controversy, said the multi-member experiment of the election commission had stood in good stead over the decades.
major political parties took the government to task.
the bjp takes serious objection to this disturbing attempt by the government.
we seriously apprehend that this remark of the minister is not an off-the-cuff remark, party leader ravishankarprasad prasad said.
sp general secretary mohan singh said: i condemn narayanasamys remarks.
people in responsible positions in government should avoid making comments against constitutional bodies.
we will not support such a proposal under any condition.
cpi national secretary d. raja said the timing of the statement was questionable.
it is also deplorable.
the cag has exposed a number of major scams, which took place under the congress-led upa ii.
the cag has done commendable work and everybody appreciates it.
this government is neck-deep in corruption.
several ministers have been running down the cag in the recent past.
so these kinds of statements show that the intentions of the government are very much motivated.
cpm leader sitaram yechury said the cag was a constitutional authority.
any change in its composition or making it a multi-member body requires a constitutional amendment, which will require two-thirds support in both houses (of parliament) and all the legislative assemblies.
i dont think it is something which can really be ventured upon at this stage.
since the minister has retracted (his statement) subsequently, we shall wait to see what the government is really proposing.
shatrughan sinha the bjp workers face an uphill task in the party bastion of patna sahib with shatrughan sinha being nominated again for the lok sabha election.
the patna sahib is the bjps citadel.
however, it would have been better if we had a fresh candidate, said a senior bjp leader.
shatrughans name was kept pending by the bjps central leadership who were trying to convince him to contest from a delhi seat while patna sahib would have given to either rajya sabha mp ravishankarprasad prasad or sushil kumar modi.
however, the former bollywood star insisted that patna sahib remained his first and last choice.
according to the bjp sources, the partys central parliamentary board was not interested to retain shotgun from patna sahib because of his unpopularity among the masses in his constituency and also because of speaking against narendra modi on several occasions.
a senior bjp leader on condition of anonymity said: for patna sahib, the state committee sent the names of ravishankarprasad and the sitting mp, shatrughan.
also, a section of senior leaders were banking on ravi shankars candidature as despite patna sahib being a safe seat for the bjp, shotguns unpopularity and spending more time in delhi and mumbai stood against him.
he added that many state as well as central leaders felt that denying a ticket to shatrughan would invite unwanted problems for the bjp.
even voters are confused with retaining shatrughan from patna sahib.
shankar prasad, former chairman, bihar sangeet natak academy, and resident of lohanipur, said: like other celebrity actor-turned-politicians, shatrughan also remain absent from his constituency.
for shatrughan becoming politician or mp is just adding weight to his cv and not for serving people of his constituency.
echoing the views of shankar, amit kumar (27), a resident of nala road, which is 100 metres away from shatrughans ancestral house at kadam kuan, said: in the last five years, we have never seen shatrughan.
he hardly organises janata durbars like other mps and seldom meets his voters.
however, shotguns supporters claim that there was no change in their leaders popularity.
sanjay sinha, who works for the mp, said: shatrughan visits patna twice or thrice a month and has built a rs 7-crore pontoon bridge at rupasdiyara.
at least 70 people have received benefits under the prime ministers relief fund for medical assistance on the mps request.
roshan kumarpu vice-chancellor rash bihari prasad singh inspects poll preparations at patna college on friday.
picture by nagendra kumar singhpatna: the stage is set for saturday, voting day for the patna university students' union polls.
a day before the elections, on friday, senior varsity officials, including chief returning officer for the election p.k. poddar, dean students' welfare n.k. jha, registrar rabindra kumar and other officials visited the colleges and the postgraduate departments where polling booths have been set up.
the officials also visited patna science college where the votes will be counted.
around 19,800 students from different colleges and postgraduate departments will vote on saturday to elect 28 candidates, including five office-bearers (central panel members) and 23 council members.
a total of 154 candidates are contesting the elections for the 28 posts.
of them, 67 candidates are fighting for the central panel posts - president, vice-president, general secretary, joint secretary and treasurer.
the remaining 23 posts are for council members for which 87 candidates are in the fray.
the number of council members at a college and a department will be decided on student strength.
for example, patna women's college will send four council members as the college has the highest student strength in the varsity, followed by magadh mahila college, which will have three council members.
bn colllege, patna science college and patna college will have two council members each.
the varsity has made elaborate arrangements for the election, dean jha said.
around 46 booths at 10 colleges have been created.
in 14 polling stations, a professor will be appointed as observer.
the observers will be assisted by two assistant professors.
the polling will start at 8am and will continue till 2pm.
the counting of votes will start at 3.
30pm while the results will be declared by late night.
the district administration, too, has made preparations for the election.
patna police for the past few days have been conducting raids at various hostels of the university.
around 25 personnel along with senior police officers will be deployed at each polling station.
we are conducting raids at regular intervals at all pu hostels, said pirbhore police station house officer gulam sarwar.
there will be frisking at all polling booths.
patna sp (central) d. amarkesh has convened a meeting in the evening where he will issue necessary guidelines.
the pu students' union poll is being held after a gap of more than five years.
the last election was held in december 2012 - after a gap of three decades - during the tenure of vice-chancellor shambu nath singh.
the first students' union election at patna university was held in 1959 when shailesh chandra mishra was elected as president.
since 1959, elections were held at regular intervals.
in 1973, lalu prasad was elected president of the students' union, while sushil kumar modi and ravishankarprasad prasad were elected general secretary and assistant general secretary respectively.
lalu had contested on a samajwadi yuvjan sabha ticket, while modi and ravishankarprasad had contested on akhil bhartiya vidyarthi parisad tickets.
student movements and promulgation of emergency ensured there was no election next term.
in 1978, ashwani choubey was elected president.
the last regular election was held in 1980, in which shambhu sharma and ranbir nandan were elected president and general secretary respectively.
our special correspondentbhopal: union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad has been accused of saying flesh trade has nosedived in india because of demonetisation.
trafficking of women and girls has gone down considerably.
owing to flesh trade, a huge amount of cash used to flow to nepal and bangladesh.
.
.
.
notes of rs 500 and rs 1,000 (now junked) were used to make payments in the flesh trade, which has now come down, prasad was quoted as having told reporters in bhopal on tuesday.
prasad could not be contacted for corroboration.
but through the day on wednesday, neither prasad nor his office issued any denial.
on wednesday, former union minister manish tiwari asked the law minister and bjp leader: if this is indeed true and prasad actually said it, could the honourable law minister please enlighten us which government department tracks prostitutes and keeps a tab on their earnings?
madhya pradesh opposition leader ajay singh said: it's shocking for a union minister to make such a claim.
new delhi, march 1: the congress has mounted moral pressure on the bjp to withdraw jaswant singh and yashwant sinha from the joint parliamentary committee (jpc) by allowing its nominee abhishek singhvi to opt out over conflict of interest.
singhvi, nominated from the rajya sabha, has recused himself from the jpc being set up to probe the 2g telecom scam saying he had appeared for cellular operators in court.
i had appeared as a senior advocate for cellular operators and had attacked the telecom policies from 2002 to 2004 when pramod mahajan, arun shourie and ram vilas paswan were telecom ministers in the nda government.
i had requested the rajya sabha chairman for recusal and the request has been accepted, singhvi said today.
he has been replaced by congress colleague jayanthi natrajan.
the names of the other nine rajya sabha members to be included in the 30-member jpc were announced today.
they are p.j. kurien, praveen rashtrapal, tiruchi siva, y.p. trivedi, s.s. ahluwalia, ravishankarprasad prasad, ramchandra prasad singh, satish chandra mishra and sitaram yechury.
lok sabha speaker meira kumar is scheduled to formally constitute the panel tomorrow.
the congress leadership has so far moved cautiously on the issue of the bjps representation.
the government did not raise any objection while moving the jpc motion, which included the names of singh and sinha, in the lok sabha.
both former cabinet ministers were part of the group of ministers (gom) on telecom that took crucial policy decisions on spectrum allocation during the nda years.
the jpc will examine policy decisions and their interpretation by governments between 1998 and 2009, a period covering the ndas tenure.
similar objections have been raised by ravishankarprasad prasad, who is among the rajya sabha leaders on the jpc and was a member of the gom.
but the resistance to sinha and jaswant is greater because they were finance ministers.
sources said the government did not make a hue and cry about the inclusion of singh and sinha as it did not want to trigger suspicion about its intentions and create an impression that it wanted to blunt the jpcs efficacy by having the senior leaders removed.
had the government rejected these names outright, the bjp would have said we had something to hide, said a minister.
the minister pointed out that it was congress leaders, not the government, who had raised the objections.
but he suggested that the apprehension was justified.
these leaders (who were ministers in the nda government) might have taken a view on the subject (telecom) as ministers or gom members and now they would not like to take a contrarian view.
this is a genuine problem.
amjad ali khan connected with his listeners, not through the strains of sarod strings, but with words that resonated his passion for music on sunday morning.
the maestro was in conversation with arunabha deb, a lawyer by profession and a musician by choice, on his latest book  master on masters  at the tata steel kolkata literary meet in association with the victoria memorial hall and the telegraph.
the discussion provided a glimpse into the book which reflects khans love and respect for the stalwarts such as bhimsen joshi, ravishankarprasad , kishan maharaj, vilayat khan and bismillah khan, who ruled the world of indian classical music and the deep bond he shared with them.
i believe in being traditional, not conventional, khan said, before going on to draw a sharp distinction between tradition and convention.
in india we blindly worship and follow conventions, whether it is in religion or classical music.
there is nothing wrong in that, but tradition allows innovation.
if you want to think, you might come up with something within the tradition.
my father, who was my teacher too, gave me the permission to take the liberty of innovation and go ahead with my thoughts.
it is all about the beauty of a composition which makes a raga enchanting while retaining all its core attributes.
following the conventional way of a structured presentation may at times destroy the mood and charm of a raga, the sarod maestro said.
khan spoke about tagore who innovated successfully to enhance the aesthetic value of his compositions.
he shared how tagore sometimes broke the structure of a raga, and yet the so-called grammatically incorrect use could add to the beauty of the composition.
he hummed a few tunes to demonstrate various aspects and nuances of indian music and how there can be no distinctive lines between genres of music.
the conversation was peppered with anecdotes and memories that struck a chord with the audience.
deb, as moderator of the session, wove in interesting references and invited khan to speak his heart on everything from the multi-coloured canvas of friendship, mutual respect and emotional attachment.
khan spoke about kishan maharajs ability to maintain a fine balance between beauty and boldness.
he said the tabla maestro was a brilliant mathematician and could create impromptu bols but that never came in the way of the beauty of the rhythm.
the audience got a peek into the conflict between personal and professional relationship when the sarod maestro spoke about vilayat khan.
armed snatchers accosted the wife of a personal aide to union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad on tuesday and opened fire when she resisted, the election-season incident handing opposition parties fresh ammo to target the bjp candidate from patna sahib constituency.
nisha sinha, whose husband sanjeev kumar sinha is the bjp leaders personal assistant, was visiting an acquaintance in patnas mainpura locality with her nine-year-old son when she was targeted.
she escaped unhurt as the bullet missed her.
we have rounded up a few suspects.
they are being interrogated, rakesh kumar, deputy superintendent of police (law and order), said.
investigations are on.
a local gang seems to be involved in the incident.
the opposition said the late-evening incident was proof of the deterioration in the law and order situation in bihar under the national democratic alliance government.
criminals robbed and fired at the wife of the pa of union minister ravishankarprasad prasad in patna, who used to give reactions on the so-called jungle raj (law of the jungle) of the rashtriya janata dal (rjd), tejashwi prasad yadav, leader of the opposition in the assembly, said.
this incident has happened under the useless and corrupt rule of the double engine (nda reign at the centre and the state) government here.
bihar chief minister nitish kumars janata dal united is part of the bjp-led nda.
the congress too joined in the attack.
we have been saying for the past several months that the law and order situation in bihar has gone for a toss under the bjp-jdu rule.
a crime was committed against the wife of ravishankarprasad prasads pa.
what remains now?
will the nda leaders accept the prevailing lawlessness only when ministers are robbed?
congress spokesperson harkhu jha said.
the crime graph in the state, harkhu added, has been going up but incidents were not being unreported by the government to keep the figures low.
a call to prasad was answered by an aide, who said the union minister was at a public meeting as part of his campaign for the patna sahib seat and would try to call back later.
prasad is pitted against actor-politician shatrughan sinha, who left the bjp after years of association with the party and joined the congress earlier this month.
the constituency votes on may 19.
nisha had parked her car a little distance from the place she was to visit and was walking down when the criminals accosted her.
they snatched her iphone and tried to take her gold chain too.
the criminals fired at her when she resisted.
they fled as local people started gathering after hearing the sound of gunfire.
an fir was lodged at patliputra police station late on tuesday night.
police officials said they were scanning footage from cctv cameras installed in the area.
new delhi, may 27: the bjp has stepped up its hindutva rhetoric ahead of its june 2 national executive, which is expected to set the tone of the partys campaign for next years uttar pradesh elections.
the party has picked the issues of afzal gurus hanging and the proposed communal violence bill drafted by sonia gandhis national advisory council (nac), which it accuses of being biased against hindus.
the bjp today bayed for gurus blood, a day after the president rejected two death-row convicts mercy pleas.
when will he (guru) be hanged?
will the government explain which law authorises it to adjudicate mercy applications only in a queue?
spokesperson ravishankarprasad prasad asked.
guru, convicted of conspiracy in the december 2001 parliament attack, was sentenced to death by the supreme court in 2004.
his mercy petition has been waiting in a long queue.
prasad said the centres alleged indecision on guru was a copybook example of vote-bank politics.
arun jaitley alleged the draft communal violence bill discriminated against the majority community  by which he meant hindus  by making it culpable for communal trouble while letting minorities go scot-free.
this draft bill.
.
.
proceeds on a presumption that communal trouble is created only by members of the majority community and never by a member of the minority community, he wrote.
thus, offences committed by members of the majority community against members of the minority community are punishable.
identical offences committed by minority groups against the majority are not deemed to be offences at all.
jaitleys argument is based on the bills focus on the protection of those particularly vulnerable groups of citizens who are routinely subjected to violence or threats of violence in different forms because of who they are.
the nac has defined these groups as religious and linguistic minorities, and dalits and tribals.
a member of the working group that authored the draft denied that the bill discriminated against majority communities and said it was merely trying to protect vulnerable groups against violence.
the member also debunked jaitleys assumption that majority always meant hindus, saying the bill would protect the pandits in jammu and kashmir, as also hindi-speaking migrants in maharashtra where they are often attacked.
the member pointed out that hindus were in a minority in punjab, mizoram, meghalaya, nagaland, arunachal pradesh and lakshadweep.
stephen's official new delhi, dec.
17 (pti): a delhi high court judge has transferred to another bench a plea by an administrative officer of st stephen's college challenging his suspension and accusing the principal of trying to convert him to christianity.
justice hima kohli recused herself since she was an alumna of the college.
subha kumar dash has claimed that he was suspended without the governing body's approval.
the principal, valson thampu, has denied the allegations.
google map new delhi (pti): the centre has asked the department of information technology and survey of india to initiate appropriate legal action against google for wrongly depicting the international boundary of some states, including arunachal pradesh.
hijack bill new delhi (pti): a bill seeking stringent punishment, including the death penalty, for hijackers and giving security forces the right to shoot down an aircraft which may be used as a missile, has been introduced in the rajya sabha.
speeding new delhi (pti): delhi traffic police have launched 11 interceptor vans which can track speeding cars through laser-based cameras both during the day and the night.
we have issued 1.
2 lakh challans this year for overspeeding and with the new system, this is expected to double, a senior officer said make in india new delhi (pti):the make in india portal has received 4,896 queries, with food-processing sector attracting maximum enquiries from investors, the centre has said.
the programme was launched to project india as a major manufacturing hub.
riot victims new delhi (pti): an additional relief of rs 5 lakh each to the kin of the victims of the 1984 anti-sikh riots has been approved by the centre.
the upa government had announced a package of rs 717 crore which included rs 3.
5 lakh to the kin of each victim besides assistance to the injured and those who had lost their properties.
railways fined new delhi, dec.
17 (pti): a delhi consumer forum has directed northern railways to pay a passenger rs 15,000 for not allotting him a seat despite his wait-listed ticket being converted to reservation against cancellation (rac) during a 2011 journey.
the forum held the northern railways deficient in services and rejected its contention that it had forwarded the passenger's plea to east central railway.
the passenger was travelling from muzafarnagar to new delhi.
swine flu hyderabad (pti): two persons have died of swine flu in hyderabad, taking the toll to seven in telangana this year.
officials said three other patients with such symptoms were being treated.
rape in school mumbai (pti): a four-year-old girl in bhandup in suburban mumbai was allegedly raped in her school toilet by a non-teaching staffer on december 9, sparking protests from residents who ransacked the institution's property.
the accused has been arrested.
fake goods new delhi (pti): the market for counterfeit electronic products is growing twice as fast as that for genuine goods, telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad told the lok sabha, quoting a study by assocham.
prasad said the centre had set up a mechanism to monitor the growth of such goods.
pak visitors new delhi (pti): over 5,200 pakistani nationals who came to india with valid travel documents have been found to be overstaying, minister of state for home kiren rijiju told the rajya sabha on wednesday.
rijiju said the figure was till june this year, adding that deportation of such illegal immigrants was a continuous process.
smuggler held lucknow (pti): an international arms and wildlife smuggler has been arrested with weapons worth crores of rupees, police said on wednesday.
tariq khan, a lucknow resident, was intercepted on tuesday when he was riding a bike imported illegally.
prime minister narendra modi.
his government cancelled the postal department recruitment examination held on sunday after its ally in tamil nadu, the aiadmk, broke ranks for the day to join hands with arch-rival dmk (ap file photo)the narendra modi government on tuesday cancelled the postal department recruitment examination held on sunday after its ally in tamil nadu, the aiadmk, broke ranks for the day to join hands with arch rival dmk to protest the conduct of the test in only hindi and english.
the centre, buffeted by language-related protests for the second time in less than two months, announced that the exam would be held again with regional languages, including tamil, as an option along with hindi and english.
the protest, which included picketing in the rajya sabha well and aiadmk parliamentarian v. maitreyan tearing up paper and strewing it around, was initially limited to the tamil nadu-based parties that alleged hindi imposition.
in the post-lunch session, others in the opposition, including the congress, trinamul, bjd and the left parties, lent them support.
after proceedings had to be adjourned for the fourth time in the afternoon, communications minister ravishankarprasad prasad stepped in to announce that the examination held on sunday had been cancelled.
the examination will now be held in all local languages as per the notification of 10/5/2019 of the department concerning the examination, including tamil, he said.
prasad, however, did not elaborate on why the department of posts had revised the may 10 circular for the appointment to the posts of multi-tasking staff, postman, mail guard, postal assistant and sorting assistant.
according to that circular, the examination was to be conducted in hindi and english, besides the respective local languages.
however, a subsequent circular issued earlier this month said the exam should be conducted only in hindi and english.
prasad sought to allay fears about imposition of hindi, maintaining that the modi government has respect for all the regional languages of this country, including tamil.
while all the parties thanked the minister for the decision, the cpis d. raja reminded prasad that there is no regional language; there is no national language; all languages are indian languages and all indian languages must be respected and promoted.
the congresss anand sharma wanted a categorical assurance from the government that for all future recruitments, examinations and interviews in all central government departments, psus and paramilitary forces, the three-language formula, the assurance of which was given by indias first prime minister, shall be adhered to, honoured and not diluted in any manner.
this is the second time that the modi dispensation has run into trouble over language in less than two months.
soon after taking office for the second time on may 30, the government had unveiled the draft national education policy in which it proposed the implementation of the three-language formula for school students in all states, including tamil nadu that had rejected it 50 years ago.
under the three-language formula, school students in the southern states had to study hindi as a compulsory subject along with english and their mother tongue.
following the protests, the union human resource development ministry decided to modify the proposal in the draft and said it had no intention of imposing hindi.
new delhi, oct.
23: prime minister narendra modi today said his government was determined to make india an international arbitration hub for the resolution of domestic and global commercial disputes.
he was addressing a three-day conference on arbitration where chief justice t.s. thakur too batted for this alternative method of resolving disputes, saying it was speedier and cheaper than litigation and would lighten the courts' burden.
unlike regular court proceedings, arbitration allows the disputing parties to choose their own judge as they seek a mutually acceptable and quick solution.
modi told the conference, titled national initiative towards strengthening arbitration and organised by the niti aayog and the judiciary, that an efficient arbitration system would provide ease and comfort to investors and business.
more importantly, the case load on indian courts will reduce, the prime minister said.
quoting mahatma gandhi, modi said a lawyer's true function was to unite the disputing parties, which was the idea behind arbitration.
for the creation of a vibrant economic institution, arbitration is one of the foremost objectives of the government.
recently, major amendments have been made to the arbitration and conciliation act, making the arbitration process easy, timely and hassle free, he said.
modi said that india had become the world's fastest-growing economy thanks to some of his government's initiatives, such as the abolition of 1,000-odd archaic laws, push for the goods and services tax, and the constitution of commercial courts.
the prime ministers of singapore, bhutan and the maldives attended the event, as did law minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
justice thakur said that arbitration offered great promise not only to the litigants but also to the overworked courts and their judges.
the courts, right from the supreme court to the munsif courts, are overburdened.
.
.
.
there are 18,000 judges and nearly 15 million cases coming up for hearing every year, he said.
the avalanche of cases is constantly putting the judicial system under great stress.
and therefore, we look for some alternative to this conventional method of resolution of disputes.
justice thakur said that arbitration ought to be encouraged for both international and domestic disputes.
he added: we were told by a distinguished speaker yesterday that out of 189 countries, india ranks 130 in terms of ease of doing business.
one of the concerns any foreign investor has is the efficiency of the judicial system where he is investing.
therefore, strengthening of the judicial system is intimately connected with our ambition of attracting more and more direct fdi.
justice thakur said there should be more venues for conducting arbitration - they are now conducted in five-star hotels or clubs in india.
he added that apart from retired judges, efforts should be made to have trained arbitrators from among chartered accountants, engineers and others who are experts in their domains.
justice thakur, however, cautioned that promoting arbitration wasn't enough: india must also revisit its legal framework.
what is afflicting the arbitration (process) is not the time taken by arbitrators to decide an issue but the time the courts take after a losing party decides to challenge the award made (by the arbitrator), he said.
therefore, a legal framework which will ensure that prolongation in the courts is also addressed is something that needs to be addressed.
he said singapore had become the most preferred arbitration hub in the world.
law minister prasad said the nda government had taken various steps to turn india into an investor-friendly destination.
union minister ravishankarprasad prasad offers sweets to maurya outside parliament on thursday.
(pti) new delhi, march 16: uttar pradesh bjp president keshav prasad maurya was admitted to hospital this afternoon after complaining of uneasiness.
a few hours earlier, a jocular remark by party national president amit shah had seemed to imply that maurya was no longer in the running for chief minister.
maurya, 48, was admitted to the intensive care unit at ram manohar lohia hospital.
he later tweeted he was fine, a statement endorsed by union health minister j.p. nadda who visited him.
maurya, an mp, had attended a bjp parliamentary party meeting in the morning that was addressed by shah and prime minister narendra modi.
the backward caste politician was even then being seen as one of the frontrunners for the chief minister's post.
the meeting, held in parliament house, lauded maurya for his contribution to the election victory in uttar pradesh.
he was felicitated along with modi and the party's uttar pradesh minder, om mathur.
after the meeting, when reporters asked shah who the next chief minister might be, he pointed to maurya and said with a smile: keshav jiska naam tay karenge uspar mohar laga denge (we'll put our seal on whoever keshav picks).
shah was clearly joking, but the tongue-in-cheek remark still seemed to pack a message: that maurya was out of the race for the chief minister's post.
doctors at ram manohar lohia hospital said maurya had been admitted around 3.
40pm.
they said he had had a cough and mild fever for the past one week, possibly brought on by overwork.
on admission his blood pressure was slightly higher.
at present he is fully conscious and better.
he has been kept under observation for further evaluation, pti quoted the hospital's medical superintendent, dr a.k. gadpayle.
several party seniors visited maurya in hospital.
mauryaji was not feeling well because of the fatigue of campaigning.
.
.
.
his condition is normal and he is fine, nadda said.
maurya later tweeted: your affection and blessing is with me and i am fully healthy now.
maurya had been one of the bjp's star campaigners in uttar pradesh.
his elevation as state unit president and his foregrounding during the electioneering is believed to have helped rally the non-yadav backward castes behind the party.
another reason he was seen as a contender for the chief minister's chair was his good relationship with the sangh and the vishwa hindu parishad.
party sources, however, suggested there were questions over maurya's ability to govern a large and complex state like uttar pradesh.
to govern uttar pradesh, you need a leader with a bigger profile, a bjp insider said.
shah, authorised to pick the chief ministers for uttar pradesh and uttarakhand in consultation with central party observers, is likely to make his decisions known by friday.
minister of state for energy and coal piyush goyal inaugurates the power plant in kanti on saturday.
picture by lokesh bihari muzaffarpur, nov.
15: the inauguration of the power unit at kanti was marked by a promise of more power and a war of words between the chief minister and central ministers from bihar.
minister of state for energy and coal (independent charge) piyush goyal announced the setting up of an ultra mega power project in the state with six units of 660mw each to cater to the needs of the eastern states.
goyal was at kanti, 20km from muzaffarpur, to inaugurate and commercial declaration of 110mw unit 2 of muzaffarpur thermal power station (mtps), now known as kanti bijlee utpadak nigam limited (kbunl).
mtps, with a capacity of 2x110mw, was owned by the bihar state electricity board (bseb).
both units of the station were shut down.
today, it is a power station of kbunl, which is a subsidiary of ntpc (65 per cent) in a joint venture with the bihar state power generation company limited (35 per cent).
goyal announced renaming of mtps after george fernandes amid thunderous applause.
he said chief minister jitan ram manjhi, who was sharing the dais, had allowed him to rename it.
the expansion and renovation work of two more units of 195mw each that was underway inside mtps would be completed in a year.
one unit of 195mw would be declared open for commercial use by may 2015 and the next by november 2015, said goyal.
the minister directed ntpc officials to facilitate round-the-clock power supply in a 5-km radius.
thereafter, all the nda ministers  ravishankarprasad prasad, radha mohan singh, rajiv pratap rudy, upendra kushwaha, giriraj singh, dharmendra pradhan and ram kripal yadav  took turns to accuse the state government of lacking interest in speeding up development.
rudy called upon the people to uproot the state government in the assembly polls for failing on all fronts.
this pinched manjhi greatly who murmured something from his seat.
winding up the programme, manjhi virtually stole the show and won all hearts speaking in the maghahi dialect.
he said: i am a simple man and have no malice in my heart.
but here all saat bhaiya (seven minister brothers) of narendra modi are simply drumbeaters.
i know the profile and status of junior ministers, as i enjoyed the post in the state, as the gathering burst into laughter.
manjhi reprimanded the ministers, telling them not to spread falsehood by speaking aloud.
he said: the national highways (nhs) in the state are in a shambles.
nda ministers belonging to bihar are now charging the state government for all ills.
i request you, all ministers, to survey the nhs in the state that have developed craters and get the right picture.
former chief minister nitish kumar pumped rs 1,700 crore for repairing roads in the state from 2005 to 2009.
the state progressed under the visionary approach of nitish, adding that the centre was meting out step-motherly treatment to bihar.
manjhi enumerated the slashing of funds under central schemes and reducing the target of indira awaas yojana homes from six lakh to three lakh.
manjhi, with folded hands, requested the ministers to play a pivotal role in granting the special status and package to the state as promised by the prime minister.
i would become a diehard supporter of pm narendra modi if he provides the special status and package to bihar.
the chief minister said the state had paid rs 334 crore to the centre for buying 18,000 transformers for replacing old ones.
subhas panigrahiorissa high courtsambalpur: a citizens' committee that has been spearheading a movement to establish a bench of orissa high court here will stage a dharna in front the high court in cuttack next week.
the citizens' committee of western odisha consists of members from various social organisations and political parties that support the demand of the agitating lawyers.
on the appeal of the committee, a large number of lawyers, citizens, members of various socio-cultural organisations and elected public representatives from various parts of west odisha will take part in the dharna, social worker and convener of the committee bhagabat prasad nanda said on wednesday.
a delegation will also present a memorandum to the chief justice of orissa high court.
the demand and movement for the establishment of a bench of high court in west odisha stems almost six decades back.
the movement was initially limited to lawyers only, but the situation changed in 2013 when people from various walks of life joined the agitation.
strong political will motivated chief minister naveen patnaik to send a proposal to the union government for bifurcation of the high court in 2013.
subsequently, the then union law minister (kapil sibal) had asked for a report in this regard from the high court chief justice.
since the past three years, no such report has been sent even after repeated assurances by the chief justice to various bar associations, western odisha lawyers' association and different civil societies on various occasions, nanda said.
in november 2015, lawyers from west odisha had staged a dharna in delhi and met union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad to press for the demand.
the difference of opinion among the various bar associations of west odisha on the issue of the bench's location was no more an issue and the government may take decision to set it up at any place in the region, nanda said.
a 310km motorcycle rally by a group of lawyers will reach to join the dharna.
similarly, the bar association of ganjam district has been agitating for the establishment of a bench in south odisha and has resorted to ceasework agitations on the last three working days every month.
roshan kumarunion minister ravishankarprasad prasad, mp r.k. sinha and state minister nand kishore yadav at a hunger strike in gardanibagh to protest disruption of parliament by the opposition.
picture by nagendra kumar singhpatna: bjp leaders from naubatpur area on thursday staged a road blockade on national highway-98, disrupting traffic for over two hours before union minister ram kripal, whose convoy was caught in the blockade, stepped in.
the bjp workers were protesting against detention of two bjp workers by naubatpur police on tuesday.
the bjp workers were staging slogans and demanding action against deepak kumar, a sub-inspector of naubatpur police station.
sources said naubatpur police had detained two youths for clicking photographs of a bank premises.
a bank of india official had stopped two youths who were clicking photographs on the bank premises.
it led to a heated argument between the youths and bank officials.
the two youths, claiming to be bjp cadres, threatened the bank officials, who then approached naubatpur police.
naubatpur police sub-inspector deepak kumar later detained the two youths for disrupting a government official from discharging his duties.
as news of the detention spread, a large number of bjp leaders from naubatpur reached the police station, demanding the release of the youths.
on tuesday, bjp's naubatpur in-charge sachin kumar had a heated argument with sub inspector deepak kumar, a police officer at naubatpur police station said on condition of anonymity.
bjp leaders demanded that the police release the two youths.
later, on the intervention of senior officers from naubatpur police station, the two youths were released.
the bjp leaders were demanding the sub-inspector's suspension.
on friday, protesting against tuesday's incident, bjp cadres staged a road blockade on national highway-98, again demanding sub inspector's suspension.
the protesters were demanding the police officer's suspension for an incident two days back, naubatpur police station house officer r.k. tiwary said.
the road blockade held back union minister ram kripal yadav, whose convoy of cars was taking the route as he headed to join a hunger strike at paliganj.
later, ram kripal spoke to patna central range ig n.h. khan and patna ssp manu maharaaj, asking them to look into the matter.
as the matter concerned my cadre, i asked police officers to look into matter so that the police don't harass innocent people, ramkripal told the telegraph.
the blockade was lifted only after assurances from the union minister.
advani new delhi, april 20: the bjp leadership appears to have left the two leading lights of the ram temple movement - l.k. advani and murli manohar joshi - to fend for themselves in the babri demolition case, while seeking to reap political mileage from yesterday's developments.
the party is sure of the innocence of its leaders, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said today, asked about the supreme court's directive to revive criminal conspiracy proceedings against the two veterans and other bjp leaders.
the law will take its own course, prasad added.
beyond this routine statement, the narendra modi government has refrained from defending either advani or joshi.
the top court had yesterday directed the revival of conspiracy charges in the 1992 babri demolition case against a host of bjp leaders, including advani, joshi, kalyan singh, the current governor of rajasthan, union minister uma bharti and ayodhya spearhead vinay katiyar.
some old-timers had hoped the party would back advani and joshi vociferously as the temple movement in the early nineties had transformed the fortunes of the bjp, pushing it from the fringe to the centre.
joshi far from backing them, the bjp had last evening rushed to deny news running on one channel that party chief amit shah had spoken to advani after the supreme court's ruling earlier in the day.
party managers called journalists and said the news was baseless and asked them not to run it.
finding that no one from the party was coming to their defence, joshi had last evening driven to advani's residence where the two held a 40-minute meeting.
both leaders, and even people close to them, remained tight-lipped on what they discussed.
it is obvious that they discussed the court verdict and their future course of action, an old-timer said.
in party circles, the revival of the criminal conspiracy case is being seen as the end of the road for advani and joshi who are both aspiring to become the country's next president.
legally, yesterday's court verdict doesn't bar either from becoming a candidate in the presidential elections this july as they have not been convicted.
but many in the party feel that the verdict could be used as an excuse to deny them a chance.
on another front, the leadership also moved swiftly to stop uma, another accused in the case, from travelling to ayodhya to seek the blessings of ram lalla (infant ram).
sources said shah asked uma to avoid going to ayodhya and make an issue out of the court verdict.
a section of the bjp, however, said the leadership didn't want uma to grab centre stage over an issue the party feels could help it generate public opinion in favour of a ram temple.
uma, a key figure in the ram temple movement, had appeared to rejoice in the court ruling yesterday, saying she was ready to go to prison or be hanged for india and a ram mandir.
the government has ruled out uma's resignation as water resources minister.
asked if uma would continue as a minister, finance minister arun jaitley had yesterday targeted main rival congress.
if being chargesheeted was a rule for removal, then very few congress chief ministers would be left, he had said without elaborating.
jharkhand chief minister raghubar das in ranchi on friday.
picture by prashant mitra ranchi, feb.
17: jharkhand today wrapped up its two-day global investors' summit with chief minister raghubar das promising to ensure that the over 200 pacts worth rs 3 lakh crore that had been signed got off the ground.
the valedictory session was attended by an array of union ministers, namely law minister ravishankarprasad prasad, nirmala sitharaman, minister of state (independent charge) for commerce and industry, jayant sinha, minister of state for civil aviation, and sudarshan bhagat, minister of state for agriculture.
jharkhand governor droupadi murmu, several state ministers and a few industry captains were also present.
in his valedictory speech, chief minister raghubar das said the outcome of the two-day exercise - 210 mous worth rs 310,287 crore with the potential to create 210,176 jobs - was a proof of investor confidence in jharkhand.
he reiterated his government's commitment to implement them in a time-bound manner before the summit's second edition after two years.
of the total pacts (210), there are 172 in which implementation will happen in a year and they will fructify in two years.
rest are long-term projects, he said.
industries, mines and geology got the lion's share of agreements (121), followed by it and e-governance (30), urban development and housing (17), higher and technical education (16), energy (9), health (6), tourism, arts, culture and sports (8), while agriculture and transport notched up one pact each.
big names among investor companies were essel infra projects (urban development, rs 5,700 crore), essar (mining in patratu, rs 10,000 crore), inland power, mcpl and rec joint venture (thermal energy, rs 21,050 crore) and uk-based recycle refusal international (electricity generation from municipal waste, rs 7,000 crore).
in it, microsoft signed a deal for cloud computing among others.
state industries secretary sunil kumar barnwal said: around 11,029 delegates attended against our expectation of 4,500-5,000 people.
twelve union ministers, five envoys attended the event.
around 101 people spoke.
jayant sinha told the telegraph that jamshedpur would have regional air connectivity.
he added that on february 23, union health minister j.p. nadda would lay the foundation stone for three medical colleges in hazaribagh, palamau and dumka.
nirmala sitharaman said jharkhand was truly ready to take off.
if the state works out properly in key areas identified by it, nobody can stop it, she said.
trai chairman r.s. sharma said he was delighted with the kind of show put up by jharkhand.
tata steel md t.v. narendran said the very fact that there had not been any industrial unrest in jamshedpur in 85 years made it a proper climate for investments.
governor droupadi murmu also congratulated team jharkhand.
the motto of this gis (summit) is to pave way for eradication of poverty in next few years, the chief minister, who inaugurated dedicated portals for nris and start-ups later, said.
the former in sync with das's plan to host jharkhand pravasi diwas next year while the latter would provide a dedicated single-window system platform for budding entrepreneurs.
das also thanked madhu koda, the lone former chief minister who attended the summit on the last day.
if other former cms were conspicuous by their absence, compliments from union ministers more than made up for it.
law minister prasad called das the key batsman of team india, whose captain was pm narendra modi.
these summits and their outcomes are signs of positive change, he maintained.
appreciating flying baby elephant logo of the summit, union commerce minister sitaram said jharkhand was truly ready to take off.
if the state works out properly in key areas identified by it, nobody can stop it.
ideal leadership coupled with right policies makes it the ideal place to invest, she said.
new delhi, jan.
12: the supreme court today sharply criticised the bjp government in madhya pradesh for allotting land in 2004 in violation of rules to a trust set up in memory of the late party president, kushabhau thakre.
the trust has bjp leaders l.k. advani and venkaiah naidu as its trustees.
the other trustees are kailash joshi, balwan p. apte and sanjay joshi.
it proposed to establish a training institute on indian culture and was allotted 20 acres at a price of rs 25 lakh in bhopal in 2004, a year after the bjp came to power with an absolute majority.
a pil was filed by an ngo in the high court but was dismissed on the ground that it was government land.
but the ngo, the akhil bhartiya upbhokta congress, appealed against the decision.
in the supreme court, a two-judge bench of justices g.s. singhvi and asok kumar ganguly wondered how land could have been reserved for a trust even before it was registered.
the land was set aside for the trust on september 25, 2004, and the trust was constituted only on october 6, 2004, the ngo claimed.
the ngo claimed that the land, at bavadiya kala in bhopal, was valued at over rs 66 crore.
the land was earlier reserved for the housing board, the pil said.
but it was sought by the former chief minister and former state bjp president, kailash joshi.
appearing for the trust, lawyer ravishankarprasad prasad said the government had abided by all norms while allotting the land.
when the municipal rules required civic authorities to invite objections from the public once, the authorities had invited objections twice over, he claimed.
but justices singhvi and ganguly repeatedly sought to know when the trust, the kushabhau thakre smriti nyas, had come into existence.
does it have anything to do with the elections (2003)?
was it set up before or after the elections?
justice singhvi asked.
the bench rejected prasads contention that no civic authority had objected.
your ministers dictated the terms (by reserving the land).
in the scenario we are living, will any secretary go against the minister?
justice singhvi asked.
the bench wondered how joshi could have appointed himself the convener of the trust when there was no such body and sought reservation of the land.
the judge objected to the state reserving the land for a particular institution.
you can reserve land for a particular purpose.
then all those who want it can apply for it.
but if you reserve it for an institution, you are preventing others from applying for it, he said.
reservation for a particular party (institution) is not permitted in law.
this is where public interest comes in, justice ganguly said.
our special correspondentbihta: chief minister nitish kumar on monday inaugurated the new campus of national institute of electronics & information technology (nielit) at amhara in bihta, 40km west of patna.
the new campus, spread over 12 acres of land, will have an academic and an administrative block, it research lab, residential quarters for students and teachers, and other facilities.
the construction of the new campus started in 2015.
the centre will engage in skill development and development of human resources in fields such as information technology (it), electronics, hardware, cyber law, cyber security, and cloud computing.
union it minister ravishankarprasad prasad asked the nielit chief to make the patna centre the best in the country and focus on conducting research in fields such as cyber security, robotics, and artificial intelligence.
he also asked nielt director general rajeev kumar and director in-charge alok tripathi to launch courses that are employment oriented and that can help youths to become entrepreneurs.
the youth should be skilled in such a way that they become job creators and not job seekers, he said.
deputy chief minister sushil kumar modi said that the nielit centre will propel the industrial and infrastructure development of bihta.
bihta is developing at a fast pace.
it will be developed on the lines of noida.
bihta presently has iit, nielit and some private engineering colleges too have come up, he pointed out.
the nit-patna new campus and an airport too are coming up at bihta.
the state government has given 100 acres of land for setting up the new nit-patna campus at bihta.
students were happy with the new centre.
anil kumar, a first year undergraduate computer student at nielit, said: the campus is much bigger and more spacious than our centre which was running from biscomaun bhavan.
the centre will focus more on research work as the lab facilities at the new centre are modern and updated.
