govt blocks two websites, facebook pages of isis propagandanew delhi, oct 14, 2015, (pti): 20:10 istcracking its whip on terror propaganda being carried on internet, government today ordered banning of two websites and some pages on social networking site facebook after it was found that they contained material detrimental to the country's sovereignty.
the decision was taken during a high-level meeting in which officials from department of telecom, home ministry and central security agencies participated.
the meeting was convened by indian computer emergency response team (cert-in), a nodal agency under ministry of communications, that deals with cyber security threats like hacking and phishing.
on the request of the ib and some police, the cert-in has blocked two websites belonging to islamic state of iraq and syria, which were spreading outfit's propaganda, and two facebook pages which were being run by anonymous people in jammu and kashmir, a senior government officer said.
the two websites spreading isis propaganda had details of how to make bombs and training modules of the outfit.
the officials said about 55-60 websites and social networking sites pages, related to terror activities, have been blocked by the government this year.
earlier in the day, telecommunication minister ravishankarprasad prasad said that steps will be taken to check misuse of social media platforms to disrupt communal harmony and national security.
well as far as radicalisation or extremism.
.
.communal or pro-terrorist views are concerned, there is a proper mechanism of coordination between home ministry and our ministry, he told a press conference.
country keen to hear alternative voice in jnu: prasadnew delhi, feb 17, 2016, (pti) 16:11 istamid a raging debate over the jnu incident, the government today said there is an alternative voice in the university which should also be heard.
jnu is a very premier institution of india, widely respected also.
it has produced outstanding civil servants, great academicians and also well known public figures.
its faculty and students also excel well.
we all think there is also a very eloquent, powerful and constructive alternative voice in the jnu.
the country is equally eager to hear that voice, union minister ravishankarprasad prasad told the media after a cabinet meeting.
the jnu row was not discussed in the cabinet, he said.
there is a criticism from the right wing that the university has become a hotbed of extreme left elements articulating anti-national sentiments.
prasad, however, evaded a direct reply on violence targeting journalists and students in the patiala house court complex yesterday as well today, saying the matter is under investigation and he himself had yesterday condemned what happened to the press people.
mediapersons and students were attacked yesterday by men in lawyers' dress and violence was repeated today in defiance of a supreme court order to restrict people's movement in the court to rule out such attacks.
asked about the jnu issue and the violence in the court, he said, the entire matter is under investigation.
the police commissioner came on television and explained everything about both the cases; what happened to the press people which i yesterday condemned.
both are under investigation therefore, i need not comment, he said.
after pm's praise, imran khan gets free broadband connectionnew delhi, nov 15, 2015, dhns: 1:02 istsuper fasta day after prime minister narendra modi's praise of alwar based teacher imran khan for his mobile apps at wembley, the government reached out and gave him free broadband connection.
telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad on saturday called up khan to congratulate him, while bsnl officials visited his house and presented free broadband connection.
praising khan, the minister said the government continues to help people who are innovative.
resident of laxmi nagar in rajasthans alwar, khan developed 52 mobile applications on various subjects under education category since 2012 and donated them to the government for use by students and teachers.
the 37-year-old teaches mathematics at sanskrit secondary school in alwar and has no computer science or engineering background.
narrating khans story to a mesmorised indian diaspora at wembley on friday during his on-going uk visit, modi said: my india resides in people like imran khan.
pointing out that his apps have reached three crore people, khan credited his techie brother for helping him learn app building.
his interest in software development began in 2005, when he developed www.
gktalks.com to answer general knowledge questions.
khan donated all his apps to human resource development (hrd) ministry after union minister smriti irani praised his talent and sought his apps for the common good of the country at a recent event in delhi.
khan said his apps, available on google play, attracted 18 million screen views in july.
cong, bjp clash over pm's 'raincoat' jibe at manmohannew delhi, feb 9, 2017 (pti) 18:20 istcongress and bjp were today locked in fiery exchanges inside and outside parliament over prime minister narendra modi's raincoat jibe at his predecessor manmohan singh with the main opposition party joined by others pressing him to apologise for the insulting remark.
bjp on its part said congress had no moral right to preach or give sermons to others and instead demanded it apologise to parliament and the prime minister for calling him names.
bjp president amit shah also reminded rahul gandhi of the kind of term his mother had used against modi, an apparent reference to 'maut ke saudagar'(merchant of death) remark made by sonia gandhi when he was gujarat chief minister.
congress and other opposition parties forced adjournment of rajya sabha twice demanding an apology from modi over his remarks insulting his precedessors even as its vice-president rahul gandhi told a poll rally that the prime minister had lowered the dignity of his office.
congress, cpi(m) and jd(u) raised the remarks made by modi in his speech in the rajya sabha during the debate on the motion of thanks to president's address yesterday, saying the prime minister was abusive and used insulting language.
modi had said that one should learn the art of bathing with a raincoat on from manmohan singh as there was not a single taint on him despite so many scams having taken place during his regime.
he has dragged political debate to new low.
.
.
he was abusive.
.
.
we will oppose him, anand sharma(congress) said.
deputy chairman p j kurien said the issue regarding modi's remarks was a closed chapter as far as the chair is concerned.
i cannot reopen a discussion which is concluded.
.
.
there are so many other ways of raising (your concerns), he said.
digvijay singh (congress) raised strong objections to modi's remarks against manmohan singh and another former prime minister indira gandhi and demanded they be expunged.
congress members were seen protesting in the aisle, raising shame, shame slogans.
former finance minister p chidambaram while initiating the discussion on the 2017-18 general budget in rajya sabha criticised modi over the words he chose to attack his predecessor, saying he should remember that the chair he sat on was used by pandit jawaharlal nehru and even atal bihari vajpayee and hence he should use right language.
the prime minister's office is not an ordinary one.
great honour is associated with it.
so by targeting his predecessor in that manner the prime minister has lowered the dignity of his office, rahul said addressing an election rally in almora in poll-bound uttarakhand.
urban development minister m venkaiah naidu hit out at congress for obstructing proceedings in both houses, and said the opposition party had no moral right to preach or give sermons to others and demanded that it apologise to parliament and the prime minister for calling him names.
naidu told reporters that the opposition, particularly congress, should tender an apology for obstructing parliament and for making uncharitable remarks against the prime minister, not only now, but also earlier.
he said the congress leaders called modi names umpteen number of times, using all absurd and cheap words.
let them not teach or preach 'pravachan' (sermons) to others, he said.
they (opposition) called him (the pm) 'hitler', 'mussolini', 'gaddafi'.
they made all sort of meaningless remarks against the prime minister.
it is a shame.
they are not able to understand the reality, creating issue out of non issues, why should the prime minister apologise?
naidu asked.
bjp also fielded union minister ravishankarprasad prasad to launch a sharp attack on congress, especially its top leaders sonia and rahul gandhi, saying it is no longer a conventional political party representing certain ideology but a conglomeration believing in divinity and devotion to a family.
defending modi's dig, prasad said fun, pun and repartee are part of parliamentary debate and suggested that congress was using singh as an useful expendable outsider like many top leaders outside the gandhi family.
we are very very disappointed by what the pm said yesterday.
i do not think in the history of indian parliamentary democracy, we have ever heard the pm insulting his predecessor in such a manner using bathroom analogy.
this is simply not heard of (before), congress mp sashi tharoor said outside parliament.
prasad exhorts people to make digital paymentspatna, dec 24, 2016 (pti) 18:11 istunion minister for electronics and information technology ravishankarprasad prasad today exhorted people, especially businessmen, to adopt and promote digital transactions for the country's economic development.
advocating for cashless, less-cash and digital payments, prasad, who is also law and justice minister, distributed point of sale (pos) machines among the businessmen and traders here at a function to promote and popularise the use of digital transactions /payments.
it is not about 'cashless' rather the government stresses 'less' on cash.
our emphasis is to promote digital mode of payments, prasad said at a function here.
he was addressing a gathering of businessmen and traders at a 'go cashless awareness programme' organised by the electronics and information technology ministry at khajekalan in the state capital.
the minister, who along with bihar bjp chief nityanand rai, made digital payment for having tea at bablu gupta's tea stall at khajekalan area in patna city after the function, also showed people how easy is digital transaction.
while addressing people, prasad said, the drive for digital payment would make india a stronger country.
it would broaden the ambit of tax net.
.
.
demonetisation is a surgical strike on black money and aims to wipe out corruption.
the decision would ultimately help honest people.
he said, it is not only easy to make or accept digital payments but it would also keep record of the transactions a businessmen had in a day or month and on that basis, he/she may get loans from banks easily.
a person can make payments using his/her cards, mobile phones and aadhaar today given the fact that there are 105 crore mobile phones, 109 crore aadhaar cards, 50 crore internet connections, 35 crore smart phones.
he made it clear to the businessmen that government agencies would not go after the transactions that they had carried out prior to november 8.
president's estate becomes 100 percent wifi enablednew delhi, may 22, 2015, (ians): 22:42 istpresident pranab mukherjee on friday inaugurated 24 hot-spots with 30 wifi access points in the president's estate, making it 100 percent wifi enabled.
speaking on the occasion, the president said india was at the 89th position in network readiness index.
countries like singapore, finland and sweden are leaders in this index.
mukherjee called upon the authorities to ensure availability of infrastructure for internet and ict-enabled services across the country and use it in a systematic manner.
wifi services could be rolled out in public places across the country, both in urban and rural india, mukherjee said.
the president said india, with 244 million internet users, ranks third after china and the us in terms of number.
however, the penetration of internet use as a percentage of the population is only 20, indicating not only a huge gap but significant potential for future growth as well, he said.
he also pointed out that with 960 million mobile phones today, india stands second in the world behind china.
we have more than 77 mobile phone connections per 100 citizens, which is commendable in terms of the penetration achieved by us in mobile telephony, he said.
mukherjee added the government has launched many programmes for the benefit of the common man.
yet, in the absence or poor presence of an effective communication strategy, a large segment of the intended beneficiary population remains unaware of the various benefits they are entitled to.
many a time, it becomes difficult to ensure that the government policies and programmes reach the general population in various parts of the country.
in this context, the idea of bringing information to the doorsteps of citizens through network is a revolutionary step to transform india to a digital india, he added.
communication and information technology minister ravishankarprasad prasad was present on the occasion.
president's address a big disappointment: congnew delhi, feb 23, 2016, (pti) 15:06 istcongress today said the president's address in parliament was a big disappointment and there was nothing new to offer to the public.
there was nothing new in the speech.
it was full of slogans like 'sabka saath, sabka vikas'.
there was nothing which will give any relief to the people.
the atmosphere is tense in the country.
there was nothing on this and also no mention of tension with neighbouring countries, congress leader rajiv shukla said outside parliament.
he said, every thing is cliche, same thing we are hearing again and again.
it is a big disappointment.
there are other problems like price rise, problems with neighbouring countries.
there was nothing on these issues, he said.
on swachh and swasth bharat campaigns, the congress leader said, we are hearing this for the last one year and 10 months.
even swachh cess has been collected but nothing is visible on the ground.
you will find filth in every nook and corner.
president pranab mukherjee today addressed the joint sitting of both the houses of parliament, outlining the government's agenda in the coming financial year.
reacting to shukla's comment, bjp leader ravishankarprasad prasad said, we do not need a certificate from congress.
we have to get it from the people of india and people have given us certificate that we are working on the right direction.
govt plans to have consensus on land billnew delhi, march 26, 2015, dhns: 2:15 istthe modi government is contemplating having another round of political consensus building exercise before re-promulgating land acquisition ordinance which would lapse after 12 days and also ensure that enhanced compensation given for acquiring pieces of earth under the 18 listed categories exists.
the land issue also came up for discussion before union cabinet on monday given different voices in the government on how to bail out the legislation stuck in parliament as it has become a bone of contention between the modi regime and united opposition lead by congress which had conceived it.
the nda was able to push the the right to fair compensation and transparency in land acquisition, rehabilitation and resettlement (amendment) bill 2015 through the lok sabha with nine amendments owing to its majority in the house.
but the government did not bring it in the rajya sabha fearing opposition would stall it.
the land acquisition rules will remain valid only if the government re-issues ordinance which is due to lapse on april 5.
we had given some amendments.
the cabinet on wednesday has given post facto approval to those amendments, union minister ravishankarprasad prasad briefed reporters.
restore justiced v shylendra kumar oct 8 2017, 23:16 istwhether the collegium was out to please the executive or it buckled under the latter's pressure, either is disastrous for the judiciary.
the recent proposal to transfer justice jayant patel from the karnataka high court to the allahabad high court, which led to the judge resigning, is yet another instance of the supreme court collegium acting in a secretive manner, and not necessarily with any bona fides either and not making known what compelling public interest was sought to be thus served.
this episode yet again made obvious the undesirable manner of functioning of the collegium.
one speculation is that the transfer proposal originated from chief justice of india dipak misra himself.
whether the collegium had assented or not is also a matter of speculation.
this speculative inference is attributable to two circumstantial facts.
one is that justice patel has spelt out clearly in his letter of resignation that he was not inclined to accept a transfer of this nature  the second in his case, after having been transferred from his parent high court, the gujarat hc, only 18 months ago.
the second circumstantial fact is union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad, when asked about the justice patel affair, telling reporters, no comments.
no proposal on transfer has been received by us, indicating that the centre had no knowledge of the proposed transfer.
these indicate that justice patel had been sounded out on the transfer proposal without disclosing reasons.
high court judges normally seek transfer to another high court when their kith and kin enter the bar in their parent high court.
it is in consonance with guidelines evolved at the conference of the chief justices of the high courts, the cji and other judges of the supreme court.
a transfer, when not sought for by the judge concerned or is without his consent, is viewed as a punishment transfer in legal circles.
be that as it may, justice patel gracefully accepted his first transfer, after having served as a judge of the gujarat high court for about 15 years, to the karnataka hc.
in the short period he served there, he earned the respect and affection of the members of the bar and bench alike.
members of the bar admired his professional functioning as well as his soft-spoken and gentle manners.
emphasis is laid on these qualities of justice patel only to make it clear that there was absolutely no complaint against him from any quarter which could have attracted the attention of the cji or the approval of the collegium for his transfer.
from the reaction of the judge to the transfer proposal, it can be safely assumed that no specific reason was spelt out to him.
what overwhelming public interest compelled the cji and the collegium to propose the transfer, that too just days before what should have been his automatic elevation to chief justice of the karnataka hc and just 10 months before his retirement, was also not indicated.
alas!
neither his elevation nor letting him retire peacefully seem to be to the liking of the powers that be.
justice patels folly appears to be that he acted and functioned as an upright judge with a conscience.
while the government of the day may nurse some grouse against such an upright judge for some of his adverse judgements (such as in the ishrat jahan encounter killing), that can never be a reason for the cji and the collegium to transfer him.
in the absence of any reason of public interest, the transfer proposal becomes completely arbitrary.
it even smacks of mala fides.
while such a proposal may have been to the delight of the executive, both at the centre and in gujarat, the question is, why did it originate in the judicial wing, particularly from the cji and the sc collegium.
it is in such situations that one realises how very inadequate and wanting our judicial system is in the matter of appointment and transfer of judges to the higher judiciary.
the secretive manner of the proceedings of the collegiums of the supreme court and the high courts, not keeping records of their proceedings, not even maintaining the minutes of the meetings, and not spelling out reasons for their decisions, these together are the bane of the administration of our judicial system.
it is time such opaqueness made way for transparency.
the sc collegium has now moved in this direction, having passed a resolution to put up the information relating to appointment of judges to the higher judiciary on the supreme court website.
this is welcome.
but while it may act as a safeguard against arbitrary proposals and decisions in the future, the case of justice patels proposed transfer remains a puzzle.
secrecy in transparencyit is not the first time that the collegium has puzzled people.
on earlier occasions, when the claims of justices bhaskar bhattacharya and a p shah for appointment to the supreme court were overlooked, it did not spell out the reasons.
what outstanding quality it saw in justice p d dinakaran in appointing him to the supreme court was never revealed.
on all these occasions, it was assumed that the personal predilections of the then chief justice of india played a role in such developments and no outside influence or pressure was noticed or discussed.
in justice patels case, though, no such personal bias against him is discernible.
therefore, the only possible inference, though speculative, is that either the collegium is out to please the executive or it buckled under the latters pressure.
either reason spells disaster for the independence of the judiciary.
one ardently hopes such is not the reason.
justice patels direction for a cbi probe into the ishrat jahan encounter case, (state of gujarat vs.
union of india), regardless of what effect it had on the political executive of the day, is a shining example of the independence of the judiciary and demonstrated in ample measure the fairness, firmness, courage, conviction and impartial outlook of justice patel as a judge.
perhaps one way the sc collegium can repair its tarnished image and redeem the independence of the judiciary is by proposing the name of justice patel for appointment to the supreme court and standing by it, even if the executive is not inclined or does not accept the recommendation the first time round.
if this is done, the independence of the judiciary will not only be achieved, it will have been demonstrated in good measure.
in conclusion, bravo justice jayant patel!
abou ben adhem (may his tribe increase!
) long live the independence of judiciary.
rs adjourned twice after uproarnew delhi, sept 4, 2013, (pti): 12:11 istrajya sabha was adjourned twice during pre-noon sitting today following uproar over demand for gujarat chief minister narendra modi's resignation, missing coal block allocation files and demand by sp and bsp for reservation in promotions in government jobs.
as soon as the house met for the day, some congress members were on their feet displaying banners that read chief minister gujarat must resign in the wake of charges levelled by suspended ips officer d g vanzara.
vanjara, who resigned from the ips, has accused narendra modi government of having failed to protect the jailed police officers who fought against pakistan inspired terrorism.
to counter the congress members, bjp mps led by ravishankarprasad prasad raised the issue of cbi investigating officer reportedly wanting to question prime minister manmohan singh over the missing files relating to coal block allotments done when he also held the charge of coal ministry.
sp members raised the issue of giving reservation in promotions in government jobs.
bsp members too shouted slogans but nothing could be heard in the din.
chairman hamid ansari asked members to take their seats and called for laying of papers.
no banners please, he said.
tdp members raised banners against division of andhra pradesh.
with members in no mood to relent, ansari adjourned the house for 15 minutes.
when the house reassembled, sp members trooped into the well shouting slogans for reservation in promotions.
bsp members too joined them in slogan shouting.
adding to the din, bjp members raised the issue of missing coal files.
deputy chairman p j kurein, who was in the chair, then adjourned the house till noon.
advani, joshi among bjp star campaigners for bihar pollsnew delhi, sep 23 , 2015, ians 13:22 istbjp veterans lal krishna advani, murli manohar joshi and actor-turned-politician shatrughan sinha are among the star campaigners enlisted by the party to woo voters ahead of the bihar assembly elections.
sources said prime minister narendra modi and union ministers rajnath singh, arun jaitley, sushma swaraj, smriti irani, ravishankarprasad prasad and rajiv pratap rudy are also on a list of 40 star campaigners that the party submitted to the election commission on tuesday.
madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan and his jharkhand counterpart raghubar das are the only bjp chief ministers on the list.
bjp president amit shah is also among the star campaigners.
since the formation of the modi government at the centre in may 2014, advani and joshi have been sidelined in the bjp and restricted to the party's margdarshak mandal.
in the past, bihar chief minister nitish kumar accused the bjp of dumping party veterans like advani and joshi as they didn't figure in the election posters of the bjp in bihar soon after the announcement of poll dates.
shatrughan sinha, the bjp mp from patna sahib, had embarrassed the party by openly criticising party decisions and publicly praising nitish kumar.
if islamic nations can regulate triple talaq, why can't india: prasadpatna, oct 14, 2016 (pti) 19:36 istdefending the centre's stand on 'triple talaq', law minister ravishankarprasad prasad today said when over a dozen islamic countries were regulating the practice by enacting laws, how could it be considered wrong for a secular country like india.
his remarks came a day after the all india muslim personal law board opposed the centre's affidavit in supreme court on the practice and also boycotted the law commission's consultations on uniform civil code (ucc).
over a dozen islamic countries such as pakistan, tunisia, morocco, iran and egypt have regulated triple talaq.
if islamic countries can regulate the practice by enacting law, and it has not been found against sharia, then how can it be wrong in india, which is a secular country?
prasad told reporters here.
the minister, however, refused to comment on the issue of uniform civil code.
the law commission is considering it and has sought views of various sections of the society.
since it is under their consideration, i have nothing to say, he maintained.
for the first time in india's constitutional history, the centre had on october 7 opposed in the supreme court the practice of triple talaq, 'nikah halala' and polygamy among muslims and favoured a relook on grounds of gender equality and secularism.
the law ministry, in its affidavit, referred to constitutional principles like gender equality, secularism, international covenants, religious practices and marital law prevalent in various islamic countries to drive home the point that the practice of triple talaq and polygamy needed to be adjudicated upon afresh by the apex court.
centre talks tough, tells telcos to stop call drop or pay penaltynew delhi: july 7, 2015, dhns 2:34 istirked by increasing call drops, the government on tuesday told telecom service providers to upgrade their network or pay fine.
telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad said the government will audit the network performance with the objective to improve customer service and eliminate call drops.
a telephone call which is cut off due to technical reasons before the parties have finished their conversation or before either of them have hung up is known as a dropped call.
as an immediate action, the telecom department expects the service providers to undertake a special drive for radio frequency optimisation of their networks followed by periodic optimisation as per need, said prasad.
the stern warning comes after repeated requests by the ministry to prevent call drops fell on deaf ears.
the operators had argued that they need access to more spectrum to prevent call drops.
prasad said adequate spectrum has been provided to telecom companies to undertake a special drive for radio frequency optimisation and periodic monitoring to prevent call drops.
the minister said that he has also asked the telecom regulatory authority of india (trai) to devise a structure of penalties to be levied on the erring operators.
we have send a request to trai to make a structure of incentives and disincentive, the minister said to a query on whether there will be any penalty on telecom operators for call drops.
it is their job and responsibility to properly upgrade their network, he said.
a special audit of quality of service parameters focused on network performance would be carried out by the department of telecom in all metro and capital cities to help government know the standard being maintained by operators and their requirements.
on the industrys concern over installation of mobile towers, prasad said: the issue of call drop and campaign to remove btss (mobile towers) cannot go hand in hand.
if anyone is willing to suggest any tangible evidence of adverse effect from radiation, then i am going to look in to it.
the issue is not whether there is radiation or not, the issue is whether it is dangerous or not.
the minister said that radiation rules implemented in india were far more stringent than the international standards.
to get rid of the radiation excuse given by the operators, the government has also written to all states to permit the use of government buildings for installation of mobile towers.
kerala has permitted use of government buildings for setting up mobile phone towers.
it will be great if other state governments also follow this, prasad tweeted.
new delhi, nov 6, 2012, dhns: 1:33 istbjp core group supports beleaguered party chiefafter a day-long drama, the bjp on tuesday night formally came out in support of their president nitin gadkari, accused of resorting to corrupt business practices, reportedly after the rss forced the party to back him.
after the two-hour meeting of the core group, bjp spokesperson ravishankarprasad prasad said, the party has full faith in his leadership.
prasad was merely reading out the statement by leaders of opposition in both houses of parliament, sushma swaraj and arun jaitely.
party patriarch l k advani, who was not present at the meeting, is believed to have expressed his caveat on carefully wording the party statement supporting gadkari, indicating that it should not be too sweeping to sanction a second term for him.
gadkaris present term ends on december 19 and the party has already made amendments in their constitution to facilitate his extension in office.
a gag order has also been issued to leaders, asking them not to issue statements in public about the gadkari controversy.
sangh ideologue s gurumurthy played a pivotal role in the save-gadkari campaign.
on the directions of the rss, it is learnt that gurumurthy went through the documents related to gadkaris companies and concluded that charges are not serious enough warranting his resignation.
he met jaitely, sushma and some senior disgruntled party leaders to assert that gadkari was not guilty as was being projected in the media.
advani was also shown the presentation and so were the attendees at the core group meeting.
crisis had deepened in the party after top lawyer mahesh jethmalani resigned from the bjp national executive committee to protest gadkaris continuance in office.
maheshs father and rajya sabha mp ram jethmalani had a press conference seeking gadkaris resignation.
he claimed that he and his son had the backing of three other senior leaders, jaswant singh, shatrughan sinha and yashwant sinha.
gadkari went knocking on doors to save his job.
he first met sushma swaraj and later jaitely early in the day to seek their support after gurumurthys report exonerated him.
later, sushma, ananth kumar and dharmendra pradhan met at advanis residence in the evening to chalk out the contours of the core group meeting.
rss, bjp leaders talktop rss leaders are also said to have called up bharatiya janata party leaders to fall in line.
jethmalani accepted that gurumurthy also met him.
i told him (gurumurthy) that it may be necessary for me to ask gadkari a few questions.
he says don't worry about it.
if you want to ask questions, gadkari will answer them, jethmalani told reporters.
gurumurthy tried to convince me.
he has seen the documents.
.
.
but i have not seen the documents, i am not prepared to accept any conclusion.
i have told him to give me all the documents along with a note by wednesday which i will study myself, the noted lawyer said.
telcos can install mobile towers on govt buildingsnew delhi, august 13, 2015, dhns: 23:36 istaiming to address mobile call drop problems, the government has decided to allow telecom firms to install mobile towers on government buildings.
in a recent meeting between department of telecom and ministry of urban development (ud) officials, the ud ministry agreed to allow telecom firms to install towers on government buildings under their control subject to structural safety and payment of appropriate licence fee by telecom service providers (tsp), telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad said.
such mobile towers should be a shared facility for all operators, he said, adding that to prevent call drops, installation of more towers is necessary.
further, the dot has pro-actively engaged in allaying the apprehensions of adverse effects on health due to emf radiations from mobile towers.
prasad said moud and chief ministers have been addressed for providing single window clearances, space in government land and buildings for mobile sites.
sc order needs study: centrenew delhi, jul 14, 2016, dhns: 1:21 istwith the supreme court terming sacking of congress government in arunachal pradesh last year as unconstitutional, the centre on wednesday said a lot of developments had taken place post december that led to a new regime.
the bjp, however, appeared aggressive as the party found it a very strange order.
the party wanted to know how a leader having majority support was being directed to sit in the opposition, hinting at rebel congress leader and present chief minister kalikho pul.
he occupied the hot seat due to the support of 18 dissident congress mlas, 11 bjp mlas and two independents, providing the majority in the 60-member assembly.
the party also wondered if the verdict weakens the democratic spirit.
union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad told reporters the sc judgement restoring nabam tuki government required structured examination.
from the media reports, i have seen that the supreme court has directed status quo ante as in december 2015.
i can very safely recall that lot of developments have taken place post december, namely the president's rule was withdrawn, a new government was sworn in and the new government had proved majority on the floor of the house, shankar replied to a barrage of queries on the verdict.
grey areas in verdictgovernment sources said one of the possibilities being contemplated is seeking clarification from the court as there are grey areas in the judgement.
for instance, said government sources, after the state government was dismissed due to 21 of the 47 congress members rebelling against chief minister tuki, an alternative government is in place and has proved its majority on the floor of the assembly.
the government sources believe the court is silent on these issues.
much water has flowed in the last seven months.
the order certainly raises a question as to whether it strengthens the democratic spirit or weakens it.
this is a question as it appears from the verdict that the one having the majority is being asked to sit in the opposition and the one who has lost it is being asked to run the government.
this is a very strange order and that is why it is being studied, bjp general secretary shrikant sharma said.
he, however, did not wish to comment on the judgment.
this is the second setback for the bjp after the sc restored the congress government in uttarakhand which the centre had placed under presidents rule.
google plans to hire more in citynew delhi, dec 16, 2015, dhns: 1:30 isttechnology giant google on wednesday said it will increase investment in india and hire more people and set up a campus at hyderabad, as the company is focussing on developing products here.
googles india-born chief executive sunder pichai told reporters that the company will also increase hiring in bengaluru.
pichai, on his first official visit to india after taking over in august, also said that the company is working towards connecting india with projects such as public wi-fi in partnership with the railways, besides project loon.
100 stations to have wi-fi by december 2016.
mumbai central (station) to go live by january.
this is in partnership with railtel, said pichai.
the telecom wing of the railways, railtel, had signed an agreement with the subsidiary of google india to provide wi-fi facilities at 400 stations across the country.
our focus is on bringing internet access to everyone, making sure our products are working for them in a meaningful way and then ensure our platform allows them to add their voice to the internet, he said.
besides, google will also expand its rural internet programme for women from pilot to full-scale programme to cover 3 lakh villages in india, he said.
pichai met finance minister arun jaitley and it & telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad on wednesday.
pichai will also meet president pranab mukherjee and prime minister narendra modi to outline the ways google is trying to connect those coming online for the first time in the country of more than 1.
2 billion people.
pichai, who is credited with building products such as googles chrome browser and the chrome operating system, and is known for his keen intellect and modesty, is looking at getting more people to plug into the companys services, such as search, gmail and youtube.
he is also seeking to revive fortunes of android one phone that met with a lukewarm response from the indian market after its launch last year.
pichai said india will overtake the us in terms of users of android, that competes with apples ios and microsofts windows operating systems.
new delhi, oct 14, 2015 (pti) 15:55 istunion minsiter ravishankarprasad prasad today questioned eminent writers for returning awards to protest against kannada author kalburgi's murder and dadri lynching, telling them that such voices were not heard after incidents like emergency and muzaffarnagar riots.
.
.
.
one thing does pain me sometimes.
a number of big incidents happened in the country earlier, also but at that time people did not return (awards).
during emergency, democratic rights including press freedom were violated on such a large scale.
but these kinds of voices were not heard then.
such a massive riot happened in muzaffarangar one and half years back and the way the (state) government (of samajwadi party) worked there was in an enitrely discriminatory manner.
at that time also such protest was not seen, prasad told reporters at the cabinet briefing.
he however asserted that we honour the scholars but will like to tell them very politely that if they get award, they have got it on the basis of their ability and knowledge on which everyone takes pride.
the union minister, however, refused to take further quesions syaing he does not intend to enter into a debate on the issue at this podium.
i would not like to say anything on it.
cutlure minister (mahesh sharma) has already spoken on it, he said.
asked about the opposition criticism of the government on dadri incident, prasad sid that both the prime minister and bjp chief amit shah have spoken over the issue.
even after that some people do not desist from criticism.
what can we do?
the primary responsibility for dadri incident was on uttar pradesh government.
their initial response was also not good.
they should have taken action.
we condemn it.
action should be taken against those involved in it, he said.
prasad's remarks comes after eminent author shashi deshpande said that prime minister narendra modi's comment on the dadri lynching incident was far too weak.
the eminent author, who had resigned from the general council of the sahitya akademi expressing disappointment over pm's silence on kannada author kalburgi's murder, said that modi has used a very weak word, unfortunate, to term the lynching incident.
at least 27 writers, poets, playwrights and translators have so far returned their sahitya akademi award with punjabi writer dalip kaur tiwana handing over her padma shri award against the rising intolerance in the country.
prasad did not take any questions on shiv sena's paint attack on sudheendra kulkarni.
responding to questions on the prime minister hosting the family members of subhas chandra bose at his residence today, the union minister said that members of netaji's family had expressed concern over the facts related to the death of the leader and hence the pm is meeting them.
our government honestly accepts it that irrespective of whichever ideology one belonged, all those who fought for the nation should be respected.
that is why we are also planning to celebrate sardar patel's birth anniversary on october 31 in a big way.
mechanism needed to reduce executive-judiciary friction: gowdanew delhi, nov 10, 2014, pti: 17:58 istnewly-appointed law minister d v sadananda gowda today said there was a need to find a new mechanism to reduce the friction between the executive and the judiciary.
two issues are there.
one is regarding electoral (reforms).
the other with regard to the judiciary and executive as you rightly said.
this is a very vast issue that has to be dealt with in such a manner that we should find out some mechanism to work out and also see that certain new line of thinking is there, he told reporters.
gowda also said reducing the number of litigations by government agencies and weeding out obsolete laws would be his priority.
he said there was a need to educate people to reduce litigations.
litigations by government agencies against each other, litigations between the centre and the state governments also needed to come down.
he pointed out that people think that to deal with any problem there should be a new law.
he said this mindset has to change.
a bill is already pending to weed out 36 obsolete laws.
we have identified 287 more enactments that can be repealed, he said after joining his new assignment.
he said he would continue to implement the initiatives taken by his predecessor ravishankarprasad prasad.
asked whether his shift from the railway ministry to the ministry of law and justice was a 'promotion', gowda said as a minister his job is to implement the vision of prime minister narendra modi.
it is the prerogative of the prime minister to appoint ministers, he said.
chemicals and fertilisers minister ananth kumar had come to greet gowda at the law ministry.
asked why the law ministry was taking time to take decision on various proposals relating to electoral reforms made by the election commission, he said the government has to take a considered view before taking a call.
gowda refused to react to a poser on retrospective tax, saying finance minister arun jaitley was the right person to answer on the issue.
call drop situation improving, says prasadpatna, sep 27, 2015, (pti) 15:32 istunder attack from the opposition on the call drop problem, union communications and information technology minister ravishankarprasad prasad today said that the situation was improving.
there is a problem about call drops, but the situation is improving, he told reporters here.
all the telecom operators have been told to take steps to improve quality of services, prasad said, adding that the telecommunications department had reviewed the situation on weekly basis for the past two months to reduce call drops.
he said that all the operators had been asked to find out ways to improve the telephony service in the country and dot secretary rakesh garg had spoken to the owners/operators of the service providers at the highest level.
identifying shortage of towers as the main problem for call drops, prasad said that a policy decision had been taken under which all buildings of government of india must allow installation of towers, while the post offices too had been directed to allow towers on rent at its buildings throughout the country.
he said that he had also written letters to the chief ministers of states for installations of towers at the government buildings and noted that kerala and andhra pradesh among states had done so, but regretted that bihar chief minister nitish kumar was yet to respond to the missive.
referring to reluctance by people to allow installation of towers at their premises fearing that radiations from towers may lead to spread of cancer, the union minister said there was no truth in it citing reports by the world health orgnization (who) and judgements by various courts.
regarding steps taken to improve call drop situation in bihar, he said that his department had sanctioned installation of 1150 new 2g sites by the state-owned bsnl of which 620 had been installed, while 120 3g towers had been installed out of proposed 228 towers to improve 3g service in the state.
in addition, a bsnl's experts team had visited bihar four times in the past two months to find out call drop problems in order to take corrective measures to improve the situation, he said.
he said that even the telecom regulator - trai had come up with a report proposing hefty penalty to the operators in the event of call drop problems sustaining in their respective services.
charging the upa government with messing up with the bsnl during its decade-long rule as a result the state-owned operator sustained an accumulated loss of rs 8000 crore in 2014 against a profit of rs 10,000 crore that the preceding nda government had left in 2004, the minister hit out at the bihar chief minister nitish kumar for holding him (prasad) responsible for call drop problems.
nitish kumar is in the company of those political leadership who had made bsnl suffer for a decade, prasad said.
the union minister said that taking serious note of call drop problems his department had carried out special audit of towers of private operators in bihar-jharkhand circle had found that out of 1,13,274 towers, the cells on 3037 towers were not found to be working.
similarly, a leading operator had identified ten sites for towers in patna and another 21 places for capacity addition in in order to improve its telephony service, prasad said.
the bsnl too had set up internet-based next generation network at nine places in bihar, including patna to improve mobile and other telephony services, he said.
on demand to improve mobile service in the left-wing extremism (lwe) areas in bihar, prasad said that 114 towers had been installed out of 184 proposed towers in lwe areas to improve policing.
dvs shifted to law; inefficiency costs him railway ministrynew delhi, nov 10, 2014, dhns: 16:24 istcomplaints of inefficiency, failure to get a grip over the ministry and row over the increase of personal assets have cost d v sadananda gowda the high-profile railway portfolio.
there were murmurs in the national capitals political circle over the past month that gowda might be shunted out, as prime minister narendra modi was unhappy with his performance.
they came true after he was shifted to the less visible law ministry, which was being looked after as additional charge by ravishankarprasad prasad.
there were reports that the prime ministers office (pmo) had recently asked top rail bhavan officials not to entertain some businessmen from mangaluru and bengaluru who have been loitering in rail bhavan since gowda became railway minister.
however, another minister from karnataka  g m siddeshwara  was appointed minister of state for heavy industries and public enterprises.
the davangere mp, who was minister of state for civil aviation earlier, had pleaded with the bjp central leadership to give him a better portfolio.
unhappy with gowdathough the dizzying rise of sadananda gowda  from starting his career as an advocate in the dakshina kannada district of karnataka to holding a coveted portfolio in the modi cabinet  surprised many, the prime minister had picked him for the job with high hopes that he could deliver better, as the governments new thrust would be to vitalise the infrastructure sector, including high-speed rail and bullet trains.
however, government sources said the pmo was of the opinion that even after five months of appointment as railway minister, the former karnataka chief minister failed to get a grip of the ministry.
the pmo is learnt to have recently pulled gowda up after the railways failure to handle the huge rush of passengers during deepavali, and particularly travellers going to bihar for chhath pooja last month, which led to the death of a passenger at the anand vihar railway station at the national capital.
the increase of his personal assets also reportedly upset both modi and bjp president amit shah.
despite gowda putting up a strong defence, that it was due to purchase of a property after taking loans from a private bank, it is learnt that his bosses were not convinced with the explanation.
sources said the prime ministers office was also of the impression that gowda was unable to give more time to the railway ministry, particularly after his son became embroiled in a controversy when a kannada starlet levelled allegations of rape and cheating against him.
gowda has encountered some row or the other since his appointment as the railway minister.
the national democratic alliance government had to face embarrassment when he did not attend a debate on the railway budget in the lok sabha and rajya sabha during the last budget session.
even the rajya sabha was briefly adjourned due to the railway ministers absence, and members demanded action against him for ignoring house duty.
patna, apr 24, 2015 (pti) 20:18 istthe toll in the killer nor'wester storm in bihar rose to 57 with three more deaths reported today, even as union home minister rajnath singh and bihar chief minister nitish kumar today jointly conducted an aerial survey of the affected region.
the three deaths were reported from purnea, madhepura and darbhanga.
as per the latest report compiled by the state disaster management department, the worst-hit purnea bore brunt of the nor'wester with a maximum of 38 deaths.
while eight persons lost their lives in madhepura, three each died in madhubani and darbhanga, two each in katihar and sitamarhi and one in supual, the report said.
the latest report put the figure of injured persons at 442, all in madhubani.
chief minister nitish kumar along with union home minister rajnath singh undertook an aerial survey of purnea, madhepura and katihar.
they held a meeting with officials at purnea and gave instructions to speed up the relief and rehabilitation work.
union agriculture minister radhamohan singh, union information technology minister ravishankarprasad prasad and senior bjp leader sushil kumar modi were part of the aerial team.
state meteorological department has issued an alert about possibility of thunder squall and rain today and tomorrow in north-eastern parts of bihar.
director state met office a k sen told pti today that an alert has been sounded on the basis of atmospheric instability detected in the area particularly in the districts of purnea, katihar, kishanganj and motohari.
the area might witness thunder squall and rains which are dangerous, sen said.
special secretary in state disaster management department anirudh kumar told pti that the alert has been sent to district magistrates of 12 districts in the region.
the affected districts are purnea, araria, kishanganj, katihar, madhepura, supaul, saharsa, bhagalpur, banka, samastipur, darbhanga and madhubani.
meanwhile, electricity has been badly hit in purnea district, which bore the brunt of the storm.
secretary, energy, pratya amrit told pti from purnea that more than 800 electric poles have been uprooted and 40 transformers damaged in the storm in purnea district.
he said officials were working on a war footing to restore electricity in damaged areas of the district and exuded confidence that by tonight almost 90 per cent of power restoration work would be completed in purnea.
principal secretary state disaster management department vyas jee told pti that the compensation of rs 4 lakh as announced by chief minister nitish kumar has been distributed among kin of the dead.
jee, on return to the state capital after attending review meeting at purnea with the union home minister and cm, said as announced earlier, immediate relief in the form of one quintal foodgrains, rs 2000 cash, as much for purchase of utensils and rs 1800 for buying clothes were being distributed among families whose dwelling have been ravaged in the late tuesday night storm.
jee directed officials to distribute dry ration like chura (beaten rice) and gur (jaggery) to people while taking round of the affected areas.
the disaster management department report on storm put the number of affected families at 71,123 in different districts of bihar.
the report said a total of 224 panchayats in 43 blocks have been hit by the high speed storm.
it said 51 animals also perished in the storm and the maximum, 50, are in worst-hit purnea, it added.
a total of 69,773 dwellings have been ravaged either totally or partially, the report said.
maximum 41,350 out of this are in purnea while 16,624 are in neighbouring katihar district, the report said.
dmk wavers on fdi in retailchennai/ new delhi, nov 14, 2012, dhns: 1:49 istthe dmk, a key congress ally, is all set to kick-start back-channel talks to gauge the mood of other major political parties in parliament in the coming winter session before finalising its floor strategy on the contentious issue of allowing foreign direct investment (fdi) in multi-brand retail.
also the bjp-headed nda and the cpi-m on wednesday renewed their stand of opposing the multi-brand retail sector for foreign investments.
west bengal chief minister mamata banerji had also earlier stated that her party will bring in no confidence motion against the government on the fdi issue.
though the dmk is firmly opposed to the policy and feels it should not be allowed to go through as it threatens to deeply hurt the majority of small and medium traders, party mps feel that the floor strategy in parliament could be fine-tuned only after knowing the mind of other parties.
dmk patriarch m karunanidhi told reporters here on wednesday that the party while ensuring that the interests of small traders does not suffer at any cost, would still need to discuss with its (dmk) parliamentary party members before taking a final call.
karunanidhis first remarks to media on wednesday prompted a reporter to say it smacked of suspense.
i have written scripts for over 100 films; only a film with suspense does well at the box-office, karunanidhi quipped.
but to a related query, he discounted the suspense part, affirming that the small traders interest was the dmks utmost concern.
a senior party functionary and dmk mp, who did not wish to be quoted, told deccan herald that we have to consider certain things, vis--vis motions proposed to be brought before parliament against fdi in multi-brand retail.
the doubts relate to major opposition parties, which may oppose the policy but still choose to refrain from voting, to avert a greater crisis for the central government.
in that case, the dmks options get all the more harder, he noted.
the congress is puttinga brave front with two up regional parties, the sp and the bsp, in their kitty.
the bjp will hold a meeting of the nda partners to work out a strategy a day before parliament session starts on november 22.
the entire session of parliament was virtually washed out owing to bjps stiff stand on seeking prime ministers resignation for his alleged involvement in coalgate scam.
we would like to put the government on the mat on this issue.
in november 2011, the then finance minister had announced in the lok sabha that a decision on fdi in multi-brand retail will be taken only after consulting all concerned sections.
a similar statement was made by the then commerce minister in the rajya sabha, bjp spokesperson ravishankarprasad prasad told reporters.
though the bjp accused the upa of violating the promise given in parliament, it did not commit whether the party will move a no confidence motion against the government as the nda will have to assess the numbers and seek support of other parties before taking the decisive step.
the cpi(m) on wednesday swung into action and submitted notices in both the houses seeking a discussion on the fdi issue under rules entailing voting.
in both the houses, the cpi(m) members have given the notices and we wish to take this up for a proper discussion under rules which will entail voting, senior cpi(m) leader sitaram yechury informed the reporters.
yechury has signed the notice sent to the rajya sabha, while his colleague basudev acharia did that in the lok sabha.
three leaders of the bjp and one each from the jd(u) and the tmc have also tabled notices separately .
new delhi, sep 22 , 2015, dhns 1:28 istfearing advantage to rival grand alliance of jdu-rjd-congress in bihar assembly polls, the bjp on monday distanced itself from rss chief mohan bhagwats idea of reviewing caste based reservation.
the bjp fielded senior minister ravishankarprasad prasad to say that the bjp is not in favour of any reconsideration of reservation policy as it will stir a forward versus backward debate on the eve of polls.
apparently by way of damage control after the bjp did not toe bhagwats line, the rss clarified that its chief's quota comment did not speak about reservation extended to the weaker sections of society.
he (bhagwat) said that everybody should strive towards all weaker sections of society getting reservation benefit as was the aspiration of the makers of the constitution.
this interview was not on the subject of reservation but about integral humanism and should be seen in this context, rss chief spokesperson manmohan vaidya said in a statement.
nda ally rlsp, a party of obc koeris, too took objection to the rss chiefs assertion that caste-based affirmative action was being exploited for political reasons.
reservation is a settled issue, he said.
bhagwats assertion provided fodder to pro-mandal politicians, including rjd chief lalu prasad yadav, to invoke identity politics which bjp has been trying to scuttle in favour of development agenda.
lalu remarked that prime minister narendra modi was out to finish reservation at his master bhagwat's bidding.
govt to finalise new penalty rule for telcosnew delhi, jan 05, 2016, dhns: 0:51 isttelecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad on monday said the government will soon finalise new penalty rule for telecom operators.
the inter-ministerial panel of telecom commission in march 2014 had approved of a new penalty scheme with five slabs ranging from rs 1 lakh to rs 50 crore for violation of norms by mobile operators.
but they are yet to be notified.
under the proposed scheme of penalty, fines start with a warning that invite a penalty of rs 1 lakh for minor violation and move up in line with severity at rs 1 crore, rs 5 crore, rs 20 crore and rs 50 crore.
the minister said the rule will be put in place very soon.
nitish equating his 'supreme arrogance with the identity of bihar': bjpnew delhi, aug 5, 2015, (pti) 18:16 istbjp today accused nitish kumar for equating his supreme arrogance with the identity of bihar after the chief minister in an open letter charged narendra modi with insulting the state by taking a dig at his dna, which he alleged was unbecoming of a prime minister.
the party also kept up its attack on congress over the stalling of parliament, saying the opposition party was sending a wrong message to the people and asked it to introspect over and reconsider its belligerence as they expect the legislature to pass pro-reform laws like gst.
union minister ravishankarprasad prasad took on kumar and questioned what kind of bihari identity he showed by declining a dinner invite to modi and returning rs 5 crore and other relief material he (modi) as the then gujarat chief minister in 2010 had sent to bihar to help flood victims.
kumar today took strong exception to modi's 'dna' remark made against him during a recent rally, saying it was deemed as an insult by a large section of the people of the state and beyond and asked him to withdraw it.
your words have been taken as an insult by a large section of the people of the state and beyond.
most of us also feel that coming from you, the comment is rather unbecoming of the office you hold, he said in an open letter.
at a rally in muzaffarpur on july 25, modi had said kumar had not only disrespected him but also a 'mahadalit' like former chief minister jitan ram manjhi.
there seems to be some problem in his dna because the dna of democracy is not like that.
in democracy you respect even your political rivals, modi had said at the rally.
prasad said it was the height of kumar's arrogance that he was linking the honour of bihar with him.
nitish ji, do not equate your arrogance with the great identity of bihar which is much greater, nobler, soberer and humbler (than yours), he told reporters at a briefing.
hitting out at the bihar chief minister nitish kumar, prasad said modi will reply to his letter at an appropriate time but it was imperative for bjp to respond to his charge as he had chosen to write an open letter.
modi is addressing another rally in bihar on sunday where his party-led nda is locked in a keen contest with kumar-led jd(u)-rjd-congress alliance and much is stake for both combines as the assembly result will have a strong influence on the national political scene.
by refusing to host modi and allow him to campaign in bihar despite the fact that he then depended on bjp to be in power, kumar exhibited his hate and arrogance, prasad said.
asked about the ongoing congress protest and the virtual washout of proceedings in parliament due to it, the union minister said the opposition party's stand was not sending a good message to the country.
people of the country are very distressed at what is happening in parliament due to belligerence of congress.
parliament has to do a lot of work and pass important pro-reform legislations.
people expect us to do so.
we will appeal to congress to reconsider its belligerence.
.
.
return to parliament, he said.
queried on any likely move to revoke the suspension of 25 congress members from the lok sabha, which has further escalated its row with the government and rallied many opposition parties around it, he said it was for congress to speak to the speaker about this.
taking a dig at the congress cry of murder of democracy over the suspension, he said it had still not disowned emergency and what it did to the judiciary, media and opposition leaders during it.
referring to the arrest of a suspect pakistani terrorist in jammu and kashmir today, he lauded the bravery of security forces and said the incident and a pakistani investigator's statement that the mumbai terror attack was planned on its soil showed that terrorism had its roots in the neighbouring country.
pakistan will have to answer, he said.
govt yet to agree on extending full mnp deadline: prasadnew delhi, apr 22, 2015, (pti) 15:55 istthe government today said it has not yet agreed to industry body coai's demand to extend the may 3 deadline for implementing full mobile number portability (mnp) across the country.
the cellular operators association of india (coai) had requested the department of telecommunications (dot) to set up a coordination committee and to extend the deadline for implementing full mnp.
in consideration of the same, the department has constituted a committee but the request of coai to extend the deadline for full mnp has yet not been agreed, telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad said in a written reply to the lok sabha.
the full mnp will allow subscribers to retain their mobile number in any part of the country even when they change their operator or state.
he said dot has carried out amendment in the mnp licence agreements for rolling out full mnp by may 2015.
on a question whether action is proposed to be taken if operators fail to meet the deadline, prasad said: the deadline for rolling out full mnp is yet to be reached and further course of action shall be decided thereafter.
government has set may 3 as the deadline for mobile operators to start full mnp service.
the telecom regulatory authority of india (trai) had amended the mnp regulation on february 25, 2015.
at present, mnp allows subscribers to change mobile network while retaining their number in the same telecom circle.
india sees no threat from ransomware, says it ministerdh news service, new delhi, may 15 2017, 23:03 istgovt directs to follow cert-in normsthe wannacry ransomware has taken over 100 countries by storm, disrupting major services across many countries.
photo for representation.
the centre on monday said there was no serious impact due to ransomware wannacry in the country from an unprecedented global cyber attack, except for a few isolated incidents in kerala, andhra pradesh, maharashtra, and west bengal.
as a precaution, the government has directed all its institutions and state governments to follow the cyber security alert issued by cert-in, cyber security unit of the ministry of electronics and information technology, it minister ravishankarprasad prasad said here.
national informatics centre, which builds and manages almost all government websites, and the centre for development of advanced computing, a premier research institute that has built supercomputers, have actively installed patches to immunise their windows systems and functioning normally, said the minister.
the it department will set up a separate unit in the cert-in to co-ordinate with various agencies including international level to prevent any such incidents in future, and the centre will start functioning next month, the minister added.
india is on high alert, monitoring critical networks across sectors including banking, telecom, power and aviation to ensure that systems are protected in the wake of global cyber attack by ransomware wannacry.
the central transmission utility power grid said it has put sufficient firewalls to deal with the cyber attack and consumers need not fear sudden outages on that account.
separately, cert-in earlier in the day said it has not received any formal report of cyber attack on indias vital networks.
in a related development, capital markets regulator sebi and top stock exchanges have beefed up their cyber security systems to ward off any threat from the ransomware.
in india, there were reports that some systems of andhra pradesh police were affected on saturday, although cert-in has said that the computers were isolated and not on a network.
there were also reports that some computers in the west bengal electricity board, and maharashtra police were hit by cyber attack.
the last few days were marked by exchanges, not always pleasant, between senior members of the union government and the judiciary.
union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad and finance minister arun jaitley raised issues concerning the judiciary's role and powers vis-a-vis the executive and the legislature in very unacceptable ways.
the chief justice of india dipak misra had to counter some statements made by the law minister as he thought there had arisen a need to defend the judiciary and restate the constitutional position on the right relationship between different organs of state.
prime minister narendra modi also spoke about the need for balance between the organs and institutions of state.
the exchanges created the impression that both sides had much to talk to and about each other.
persistent and open talk about relations happens when the relations are strained.
the government side was petulant and aggressive, and some points which were made by it will not help to improve relations.
ravi shankar prasad's suggestion that the judiciary should trust the prime minister is wrong and ill-conceived.
that rightly drew the cji's comment that there should be mutual respect between the organs of state which are bound by the principle of constitutional sovereignty.
personal trust, which the minister recommended, has no place in institutional relationships.
he imported the idea from the politics of the day, echoing the calls made every day to have faith in the big leader.
reposing faith in a single leader is undemocratic and dangerous, and there are lessons from the past to prove this.
the relations and dealings between institutions of state should be based on more solid grounds.
the argument that the nation trusts the prime minister with its nuclear weapons is no reason to entrust him with decisions that should be taken by other constitutional authorities.
the idea of separation of powers and the checks and balances in the constitutional scheme should govern institutional relations.
there have been cases of judicial overreach, but many of them were the result of the government and the executive failing to do what was expected of it.
arun jaitley criticised judicial activism and wondered what would happen if the government stepped in to do the judiciary's job.
the cji made it clear that the court would not hesitate to act if governments failed to protect fundamental rights.
all these postures are the result of the differences between the government and the supreme court over the memorandum of procedure (mop) for the appointment of judges after the njac legislation was struck down by the supreme court.
these differences should be resolved at the earliest and the public bickering should end.
the judiciary has been in the news for quite some time now for some not-so-good reasons: the january revolt by four senior judges of the supreme court over the roster system against the chief justice of india dipak misra in january this year, followed by the move by the congress and other political parties to impeach the cji for misbehaviour, and law minister ravishankarprasad prasads six-page letter to him raising objections to the elevation of uttarakhand high court chief justice k m joseph to the highest court as judge.
justice josephs proposed appointment has been returned by the union law ministry to the sc collegium for reconsideration citing these reasons: one, he is junior to 41 high court judges, being at serial number 42 in the all-india seniority list of hc judges; second, 10 high courts have no representation in the sc; third, his parent high court in kerala is over-represented in the supreme court and high courts.
all these objections of the centre are unpersuasive and raise suspicion whether his appointment has been blocked for other reasons.
seniority alone is not the sole consideration for elevation of a judge to the sc.
there are quite a few instances of senior judges and chief justices being overlooked in favour of more deserving incumbents.
suffice it to say that sc judges ranjan gogoi, mohan shantanagoudar, s abdul nazeer, naveen sinha and deepak gupta were all chosen over their seniors.
when the lack of seniority didnt make any difference in their cases, how can it be cited as one of the main reasons for not elevating justice k m joseph to the sc.
at present, justice kurian joseph is a single sitting judge in the sc, who is due to retire in november.
if elevated after reconsideration, justice k m joseph will be a single judge in the sc from the kerala high court.
similarly, out of four high court judges from kerala, two will retire shortly and there will be only two judges left from that state.
hence the question of over-representation from kerala, either in the sc or in hcs, does not arise at all.
on the contrary, the high courts of allahabad, bombay and delhi are grossly over-represented in the sc, but this is not being talked about by the law minister for reasons best known to him.
law minister ravishankarprasad prasad also wants scheduled caste and scheduled tribe representation, which the highest court of the land has missed for long.
nobody is averse to accommodating them in the highest echelon of judiciary, but that has nothing to do with justice k m josephs case.
at present, with the retirement of justice agarwal, there are seven vacancies in the sc, and justices jasti chelameswar and cji dipak misra are also due to retire within the next few months.
if the government is really interested in bringing in sc/st category judges, there is ample room for them.
there is hardly any escape, therefore, from the conclusion that uttarakhand high court chief justice k m joseph is being denied elevation to the sc on flimsy grounds.
the reason is altogether different and obvious.
it is believed that he has displeased the narendra modi government by ruling against the imposition of presidents rule in uttarakhand two years ago.
in may 2016, the sc collegium had recommended josephs transfer to the andhra pradesh and telangana high court on health grounds.
that, too, was stalled by the law ministry, presumably for the same reason.
even otherwise, the government and judiciary are on collision course.
as a result, 400 posts of judges are lying vacant in the countrys 24 high courts.
the process of filling them up has been deliberately and intentionally stalled by the government because it wants to have a greater say in judicial appointments and is not happy with the idea of judges appointing judges.
the allahabad high court, which has a sanctioned strength of 160, is 60 judges short.
lawyers of the calcutta high court have just ended a long-drawn strike after five judges were appointed, bringing the number to 37, compared to its full strength of 72.
the bjp has always been intensely critical of the way indira gandhi sought to pack the court in the 1970s.
it would be tragic if it emulated her and, in the process, struck a lethal blow to the judicial system and the rule of law.
pendency of casesthe judiciary-government stand-off over the memorandum of procedure (mop) is inordinately delaying judicial appointments in the superior courts.
inadequate manpower and poor infrastructure is leading to huge pendency of cases.
the victims in this situation are hapless litigants and poor undertrials whose cases drag on for years.
any attempt at securing justice is an ordeal and financially ruinous for many who knock on the doors of courts for justice and relief.
under such pressing circumstances, it should be the top priority of the government to resolve its differences with the judiciary as the two are vital pillars of democracy and share a common goal of dispensing speedy justice.
it is not prudent for them to be locked in an ugly confrontation like this.
whatever the selection process of judges in place, it should be honoured and speeded up to fill vacant positions in all courts as inadequate judge strength seriously hampers the judiciarys ability to deliver justice on time.
however, if the government cannot reconcile itself to the present collegium system of appointments, it should work to revive the njac model again in such a manner that it survives judicial scrutiny.
but, dragging its feet on much-needed appointments is hardly the way to deal with the problem of delivering speedy justice to millions while trying to find a solution to the specific question of how judges should be appointed.
govt to restore it act's 66a with suitable changesnew delhi: aug 1, 2015, dhns 2:21 istgovernment is working on restoring with suitable modifications the controversial section 66a of information technology act which the supreme court struck down in march.
the ministry of home affairs has formed a panel headed by former law secretary t k vishwanathan to examine the implications of the apex court judgement and suggest restoring of 66a of information technology act 2000 with suitable modifications and safeguards to make it fully compatible with constitutional provisions, telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad said in a written reply to rajya sabha.
the mha has asked the panel to suggest alternate legal measures to avoid the possible misuse of social media in the interest of national security and maintenance of public order.
unconstitutionalterming section 66a of the information technology act unconstitutional, the apex court said it has a chilling effect on freedom of speech and expression.
the issue becomes important as many people have been arrested for posting cartoons of politicians or criticising them when the act was in force.
telecom ministry puts bsnl on notice over service qualitynew delhi, nov 22, 2015, (pti) 11:43 istthe telecom ministry has issued notices to state-owned bsnl, mtnl and india posts after union minister ravishankarprasad prasad personally took note of citizen complaints over service quality on social media since july.
prasad, who has over 4.
65 lakh followers on facebook, received the complaints relating to the three departments under his ministry.
till date, 102 notices have been issued to departments under this ministry and 64 have been resolved.
bsnl now has an official page on facebook to connect with people, an official said.
the minister has asked bsnl and other concerns to use the social media, following which it held a workshop for officers in-charge of public grievance redressal in each telecom circle.
on top of that, bsnl has appointed an agency to look into issues raised by subscribers on social media sites.
when contacted, bsnl cmd anupam shrivastava confirmed that the complaint monitoring mechanism on social media is already up and running.
we have started training our officers to handle complaint on social media following the minister flagging the issue.
whenever we get complaint on our facebook page, we start forwarding it to the customer care department, which then reaches out to the aggrieved customer, he added.
bsnl reported operating profit after a long time and within 18 months of the new government coming to power.
this is a sign of improvement in services.
as part of its efforts to step up, bsnl has outsourced its call centre activity to a leading agency that handles similar assignments for leading telecom operators.
since we are deploying new equipment, our capacity to handle more customers is increasing.
that is why we launched free night calling service as we can handle large traffic now.
we have most widespread network in the country which we are rapidly improving, shrivastava said.
according to trai rules, consumers can register their complaints by calling up the customer care or shooting off an e-mail to the telecom operator.
aamir's comments may mar parliament sessionnew delhi, nov 25, 2015, dhns: 1:55 istactor aamir khans statement on rising intolerance seems to have once again raked up a debate on the issue ahead of the winter session of parliament beginning thursday.
during an interaction at a journalism award ceremony here on monday evening, the actor said his wife, kiran rao, wanted to leave india due to the growing insecurity in the country.
aamirs statement was endorsed by congress vice-president rahul gandhi on tuesday, setting off another bout of attack by the bjp and counterattack from the opposition.
leader of the congress in the lok sabha, mallikarjun kharge, said: we have already given notice for discussion on intolerance and it should be admitted under rule 193.
rahul also attacked prime minister narendra modi, saying that the government should desist from branding people questioning modi as unpatriotic and motivated, and instead reach out to them.
instead of branding all those who question the govt & modiji as unpatriotic, anti-national or motivatedthe govt would do better to reach out to people to understand whats disturbing them, said rahul in a series of tweets.
rahuls support for aamir came shortly after minister of state for home affairs kiren rijiju said the actors remark tarnishes the image of india.
we wont let aamir leave the country, he is safe.
this kind of comment influenced by a politically motivated campaign insults those who have given so much honour to aamir in india, said union minister mukhtar abbas naqvi.
the bjp fielded its spokesperson shahnawaz hussain in mumbai who said, there is no better country like india and no better neighbour than a hindu for an indian muslim.
hussain also cited situations in muslim countries and in europe to argue that there is intolerance everywhere.
aamirs comment came during the function attended by four union ministers  arun jaitley, m venkaiah naidu, ravishankarprasad prasad and piyush goyal.
the ministers did not react to the comment then, though one of them was apparently prodded by the anchor for a response.
the bjp leaders pointed out that aamir was not so candid in articulating his views on intolerance debate during an interview for a news channel on november 11.
when the actor was asked to react on political events, since he had earlier expressed concerns on gujarat, narmada and gender discrimination issues, aamir had said that he was not following political events in the last one year.
talking about the prime minister, whom he had met after the nda came to power last may, aamir had said that modi has promised inclusion and thats what we look up to him.
in the same interview, the actor appreciated indias openness to change.
states stretch too to mark first yoga daynew delhi, june 21, 2015, (pti) 16:27 istlaunching of new initiatives to popularise yoga and mass demonstrations where dignitaries participated with common people marked the first international yoga day celebrations across the states today.
states ruled by bjp and its allies took the lead, organising mammoth events and announcing various initiatives.
while gujarat is planning introduction of yoga as a regular practice in schools, andhra pradesh announced a grant of rs 25 crore for conduct of regular such events.
while prime minister narendra modi led the day's event on rajpath in the national capital, several union ministers fanned out to states to take part in yoga day events.
union health minister j p nadda participated in the celebrations in hyderabad, along with his cabinet colleague bandaru dattatreya.
union minister for transport and shipping nitin gadkari presided over a event in nagpur, while union ministers ravishankarprasad prasad and suresh prabhu attended such events in west bengal and kerala, respectively.
several chief ministers and governors too attended events organised in state capitals, besides political bigwigs.
bjp president amit shah took part in yoga session in bihar capital patna.
while most state governments organised official functions to mark the day, the uttar pradesh government did not observe the day officially and had made it voluntary.
union home minister rajnath singh led a session at the k d singh babu stadium in lucknow, where more than 15,000 people including muslims, practised yogasanas.
a sizeable number of government officers and employees were also present at the event.
in gujarat, more than 1.
25 crore people, including school children, senior citizens and women, today took part in yoga day events at around 29,000 locations across the state.
under the state government's 'yoga on the river' initiative, 1,500 trained participants performed yoga on 500 boats on narmada river at bharuch.
chief minister anandiben patel and governor o p kohli were present at the state-level celebration held at the gmdc ground in ahmedabad.
patel practised 'asanas' for almost 35 minutes, along with more than 70,000 participants, including ips and ias officers, mlas, corporators and bjp leaders.
madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan led a large number of students and others in a yoga session at the lal parade ground in state capital bhopal.
union minister for steel and mines narendra singh tomar and state finance minister jayant mallaiya led the yoga session in gwalior.
in the national capital, yoga sessions were also held at the country's premier health facility all india institute of medical sciences and at the ndmc convention centre.
various resident welfare associations also organised yoga classes at residential complexes across delhi.
the aap government, however, did not organise any programme on the day, saying that when one big event was being held, another one will not be required.
chief minister arvind kejriwal and his deputy manish sisodia was among the participants on rajpath.
in the kashmir valley, yoga sessions were held at many places, with large numbers of school children participating with zeal and enthusiasm.
the main function was held at bakshi stadium in srinagar where over 1,200 ncc cadets and school children participated.
similar events were held at baramulla, uri, bandipura, tangdhar, anantnag, kargil and leh.
union minister of state for social justice and empowerment krishan pal gujjar was the chief guest at the event at jhelum view park in rajbagh, organised by the kashmir unit of bjp.
a series of events were organised across punjab and haryana.
chief minister manohar lal khattar attended the state level function organised by haryana government in karnal.
he announced that 1,000 trainers would soon be appointed for 'yog and vyamshalas' to be set up in 1,000 villages in the state.
haryana and punjab governor kaptan singh solanki attended an event in chandigarh to mark international yoga day.
in rajasthan, lakhs of people performed yoga for one hour to mark the day with the state's main event being attended by chief minister vasundhara raje and her cabinet colleagues at sawai man singh stadium in jaipur.
chief minister raje also administered the oath of health, fitness and discipline in life to over 25,000 people.
besides cities, yoga was performed in 9,900 gram panchayats in which all elected representatives, ngos and government employees took part.
maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis, who practised yoga with a select group of jail inmates in central prison on mumbai's wardha road, praised prime minister modi for giving an international status to yoga and called for not to mix yoga with religion and politics.
in mumbai, which has been witnessing heavy rainfall, bjp state unit president raosaheb danve and health minister deepak sawant performed yoga that was co-ordinated by party's state treasurer shaina n c and others.
union ministers piyush goyal and anant geete were present on the occasion.
hundreds of people laid down their mattresses along the entire stretch of the 'queen's necklace' from chowpatty to nariman point in a programme called 'yoga by the bay', which was a joint collaboration between the art of living, ngo 'i love mumbai' and 'equal streets initiative'.
andhra pradesh chief minister n chandrababu naidu announced that the state government will provide rs 25 crores for conducting of regular yoga programmes in the state by the ayush department.
in chhattisgarh, chief minister raman singh encouraged people, particularly the youngsters, to practice yoga while highlighting the benefits of the ancient form of exercise and meditation.
yoga not only strengthens an individual's memory, but also helps people spiritually focus on their goal, singh said participating at an event to mark the day at balbeer singh juneja indoor stadium in raipur which was attended by over 1,000 students from around 17 schools.
in goa, several groups voluntarily performed yoga at the beaches, schools and open grounds.
opportunities await you in india, modi tells nris at pravasi bhartiya divasgandhinagar, jan 8, 2015, (pti) 15:31 istseeking deeper engagement of the indian diaspora for the country's growth, prime minister narendra modi today said a whole lot of possibilities were awaiting them in india as it has risen with new strength.
in his address at the 13th pravasi bhartiya divas here which marked the 100th anniversary of mahatma gandhi's return to india from south africa, he said the whole world was looking at india with great expectations and what was needed was confidence and capability.
describing indian diaspora as great capital for the country, the prime minister appealed to the community of over 25 million people living in over 200 countries to help transform the nation.
i am convinced that people of indian origin are our capital and strength, he said adding that, if we focus on this segment, we can create a lot of respect for the country globally.
making it clear that it is not only the pound sterling and the dollars that the government is interested in, modi asked the diaspora to help in transforming india.
those who want to work, there is a lot you can do, he said, citing the example of a young muslim girl of indian origin born in an african nation and settled in canada, who stayed in kutch for months to help with the post-earthquake rehabilitation work in 2001.
referring to merging of the pio and oci cards through a recent ordinance and extending visa on arrival facilities for several countries, modi said his government has fulfilled the promises made to them.
there used to be a time when you left your beloved country to explore opportunities in different parts of the world.
.
.
now i want to assure you that lot many possibilities are awaiting you as time is changing rapidly and india has risen with new strength, modi said to around 4,000 members of the diaspora.
president of guyana donald r ramotar, south africa's international relations minister maite nkoana-mashabane, external affairs minister sushma swaraj and it and telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad and gujarat chief minister anandiben patel were among those present at the event.
invoking gandhi, modi said his philosophies and teachings continue to inspire the world when it comes to humane development and resolving various problems facing the world.
when it comes to development while keeping humanity at its core, there is nothing greater than mahatma gandhi's philosophies, he said.
exhorting the diaspora to participate in the clean ganga initiative, he said the exercise is not only important from religious and environmental perspectives but also key to economic development of 40 per cent of india's population.
modi said after becoming prime minister he had the opportunity to meet over 50 heads of state and all wanted greater engagement with india.
the world is looking forward to embracing us, he said, adding it is now the duty of indians to prove equal to the expectations of the world with confidence.
modi appeared to take a dig at previous upa government over its lack of enthusiasm to the annual event which was launched by then prime minister atal bihari vajpayee in 2003.
you did not feel like attending the event.
some people would come because they had to and some people came because they could not help but come, the prime minister said, adding that he remained a regular at the event because of his conviction in its significance.
modi said the annual event has great significance and it should not be measured in terms of investment only as he referred to the emotional bond between india and its diaspora.
some people feel that this relation with the pravasis is driven by expectations, i think meeting our own people is a pleasure in itself, he said.
talking about issues relating to overseas indians, he said a mechanism for travel authorisation through electronic means have been put in place to ease travel to india by the diaspora community.
now you can do this through online correspondence so that your time is saved and our embassy could be most useful to you, he said.
modi said the rule requiring pio card holders to visit the local police station for verification every week has been done away with.
this decision shows how much this government values your self respect and dignity.
the prime minister also referred to declaration of june 21 as the world yoga day by the united nations following up on his proposal.
the fact that 177 out of 193 un member countries supported the indian proposal and the un making the announcement within 100 days is a small reflection on how the world is ready to embrace india, he said.
stamp on ram temple activistnew delhi: sept 29, 2015, dhns 1:40 istlate mahant avaidyanath, a former bjp mp who had played a leading role in the movement for ram temple in ayodhya, will get a postal stamp issued in his memory soon.
a stamp is being released to mark the first death anniversary of avaidyanath, who was also father and guru of sitting bjp mp from gorakhpur yogi adityanath.
he died last year in september at the age of 95.
avaidyanath was elected to the lok sabha from gorakhpur for four times.
he was the chief priest of gorakhnath temple.
according to an official in the communications ministry, the stamp will be released this week.
a new stamp on dr b r ambedkar to commemorate his 125th birth anniversary will also be released, the official said.
defending the governments move, communications and it minister ravishankarprasad prasad had said the decision was taken on the advice of the philately advisory committee (pac).
states, urban bodies key to smart city project: naidunew delhi, jan 30, 2015 (pti) 18:49 istgovernment today asserted that states and urban local bodies will play a key role in the smart city project to be rolled out in a phased manner on ppp model this year.
addressing the final consultative workshop on smart city with states and stakeholders, urban development minister m venkaiah naidu sought to dispel the perception that centre will build the smart city and transport it to states.
he said states and stakeholders will have to rise to the occasion for improving quality of urban life.
naidu said the prime minister wanted the states to be taken on board for the smart city project.
he said we must work as team india.
so.
.
.
that is why i have made a plain talk about what are the challenges, problems and what are the opportunities available, he said, adding many companies and countries were coming forward to participate in the project.
it will be on ppp model and the centre will consult the states before identifying in the cities in respective states.
broad parameters have been set and guidelines have been issued.
we are taking states into confidence before the final shape.
whatever good suggestions they will make they will be taken into consideration, naidu said.
he said a spirited effort to motivate all concerned including urban local bodies is required to take up the challenge of building smart city and improve basic infrastructure in other cities which he said is not impossible.
a commemorative postage stamp on swachh bharat campaign was launched by telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad on the occasion.
rural development minister chaudary birendra singh was also present.
naidu said, the concept of smart city will be rolled out in this year itself.
today we have final consultation with all states for finalising the contours of smart city.
we want the states also on the board.
states will be giving their suggestions and they will be sharing their experiences with others.
after that the matter will be taken to cabinet and a final view will be taken.
referring to four guiding principles of smart cities, naidu said there should be a vision and mission, courage to take tough and quick decisions, to learn best practices and to attract investment.
defining the idea of smart city, naidu said it should enable better urban living by addressing present problems like urban mobility, assured supply of quality utilities like water and electricity, good sanitation, solid waste management and affordable social infrastructure like health care and education and responsive governance.
he said, there is a need to strengthen the local governance.
urban local bodies (ulb) needs to raise the resources and it is an important aspect.
even if you get external loan or funding from other agencies you must be in a position to repay.
committee to submit a report on net neutrality by may 9new delhi, apr 13, 2015, (pti) 17:48 istamid a raging debate on providing equal internet access to all, the government has set up an expert panel to look into the issues of net neutrality and a report on the matter is expected in a month's time.
telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad said telecom sector regulator trai is holding wide consultations on the issue and its report is also awaited.
trai is undertaking a consultation on the issue of net neutrality.
trai being an advisory body, their advice is certainly entitled to our respect, which i am awaiting, prasad told reporters here.
net neutrality implies equal treatment be accorded to all internet traffic and no priority should be given to any person or entity or company based on payment, which is seen as discriminatory.
prasad further said: way back in january itself, i have also constituted a committee headed by senior government officials of the telecom ministry to give me a report on the whole gamut of net neutrality objective, its benefits, advantages and limitations including the regulatory and technical issues.
i have asked them to give me a report by the second week of may after the widest consultation possible including online to help government come to an informed decision on this issue.
since i am awaiting these reports, it will not be proper for me to make any comment.
net neutrality, an widely debated issue globally, has in the past few days caught india's attention with politicians, corporate leaders and film stars taking to social media sites such as twitter and facebook to debate on the issue.
net neutrality gained national attention after internet activists and experts flagged telecom giant bharti airtel 'airtel zero'.
airtel zero is an open marketing platform that allows customers to access a variety of mobile applications for free, with the data charges being paid by start-ups and large companies.
social media saw a huge debate on airtel zero with experts and free internet advocates saying that the product violates principles of net neutrality.
also over the last few months, operators like reliance communications and uninor have tied up with players like facebook, whatsapp and wikipedia to offer free usage to consumers.
prasad added that internet is one of the finest creations of the human mind and it is a property of the entire human race and not of any country or society.
internet to become entirely global should have a link to local and when we talk of digital inclusion it must be available to the underprivileged and on the margins, prasad added.
'no compromise on judges appoinment'patna, april 18, 2015, dhns: 23:59 istpresident pranab mukherjee on saturday said there should be no compromise on the appointment of judges in different courts.
he was addressing the centenary celebration function of the patna high court in the state capital, which was also attended by the chief justice of india hl dattu, union minister of law and justice sadanand gowda, union communication minister ravishankarprasad prasad, bihar governor kesari nath tripathi, chief minister nitish kumar and chief justice of patna high court l narasimha reddy.
arguing that all levels of the judiciary should adopt technological methods and solutions, pranab said more resources and infrastructural facilities should be provided to all the courts, starting from the supreme court to subordinate courts.
the year-long centenary celebration started with the lighting of the traditional lamp by the president.
later, in the evening a musical soiree was organised where santoor maestro shiv kumar sharma regaled the select audience.
the foundation stone of the existing patna high court was laid on december 1, 1913, by then viceroy and governor general of india lord hardinge.
on completion, the building was formally opened by lord hardinge on february 3, 1916, when the court started functioning with a chief justice and six other judges.
postal dept's payment bank from march 2017: prasadnew delhi, dec 29, 2015, dhns 1:41 isttelecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad on monday said india post will launch its payment bank by march 2017.
as many as 40 international financial conglomerates, including the world bank and the barclays, have shown interest to partner with postal department for the payment bank, prasad said on the sidelines of an event on good governance.
we will start the postal payment bank by march 2017, the minister said.
the reserve bank granted in-principle approval to 11 applicants, including postal department, in august to set up payments banks.
750,000 km of cable to connect all villages with broadband: prasadnew delhi, nov 30, 2014 (ians) 18:01 istminister for communications and information technology ravishankarprasad prasad has said that 750,000 km of cable is proposed to be laid over next three and a half years to provide broadband in every village of the country, the ministry said in a statement sunday.
this project aims at digital empowerment of people and will be a game changer, prasad, said at the first mygov samvaad programme here saturday evening, interacting with contributors of ideas for the digital india project.
mygov is an internet-based platform for citizen engagement launched by prime minister narendra modi on july 26.
the minister also felicitated 20 of the best contributors for their ideas and responses from out of over 40,000 responses, the statement added.
prasad told the contributors that there is a need to sensitise people about the power of technology.
india now has about 300 million internet users, which figure is crossing the number of internet users in the us, that is second on this count after china, the minister added.
he pointed out that while in urban india mobile connectivity is 146 percent, it is only about 46 percent in rural areas.
prasad said electronic manufacturing is also being promoted in the country in a big way.
land bill: rahul's claims 'baseless', should do 'homework', says bjpnew delhi, may 30, 2015, (pti) 22:45 istbjp today hit back at rahul gandhi for his attack on the narendra modi government over the land ordinance, saying he should do his homework and not make wild and baseless allegations as it was congress that had played havoc with the poor with its garibi hatao slogan.
seeking to turn the tables on the opposition party, bjp asked rahul to first explain the politics of money over bodies in congress-ruled uttarakhand in the wake of allegations of swindling of funds meant for the victims of the natural calamity that struck the hill state in 2013.
rahul should first give an account of the corruption by uttarakhand government.
we condemn his statement.
the modi government is working for farmers' interests and is committed to rural development.
rahul does not do any homework and the making of baseless allegations has become a part of his politics.
his allegations on the land bill are misleading and false.
i condemn it, said union minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
defending the union cabinet's recommendation today for the re-promulgation of the land ordinance, prasad said it was being done to protect farmers' interests.
had the ordinance not been extended, because it is awaiting a joint session (of parliament), the farmer would not have got the four-time compensation in the case of highways and even in the case of prime minister's gram sadak yojna, he said.
attacking congress for failing to remove poverty in the country despite being in power for over 58 years, he said that rahul and sonia gandhi's party had played havoc with their garibi hatao slogan.
india remained poor.
the farmer's plight became even more and more cancerous.
and they are today talking of farmers' interests, he questioned.
making wild allegations without doing any homework is not right, said prasad even as he demanded that rahul should first explain what is happening in uttarakhand.
even in cases of natural calamities, what happened in kedarnath.
.
.
according to media reports, unfortunately politics of money is being done even on bodies in uttarakhand.
that is condemnable, reprehensible and mr rahul gandhi's silence is indeed eloquent.
i would only tell mr rahul gandhi, please do some homework, stop making wild baseless allegations, he said.
rahul made a blistering attack on modi, accusing him of being in an amazing hurry to grab land from poor farmers by deciding to repromulgate the land ordinance for a third time.
modiji in an amazing hurry to grab land from poor farmers at any cost.
a 3rd attempt at pushing the anti farmer land ordinance!
congress party will continue to fight for the rights of the kisan and mazdoor against this #suitbootkisarkar, the congress vice president said in a series of tweets.
meanwhile, referring to the allegations of misuse of relief funds in uttarakhand, bjp national spokesperson anil baluni said, the scam is one of the worst in history.
when the people of uttarakhand were battling for their lives, the government was enjoying and having a party, ministers were zipping around in helicopters and taking selfies.
when rahul gandhi had gone to uttarakhand, he lauded the government's role and said they were doing a good job during the disaster.
after the scam has surfaced, bjp questions rahul gandhi as to whether this is the good work he was talking about.
he should reply on what the uttarakhand government has done.
harish rawat (uttarakhand chief minister) and vijay bahuguna (rawat's predecessor) are both responsible and the public wants a reply as to where the money donated by the centre and the corporates has gone, said baluni.
regional consultative meet on climate change heldbengaluru, apr 12, 2016, dhns 1:33 istsushil kumar, special secretary, ministry of environment and forests and climate change (moef and cc), on monday said that the ministry expects at least one proposal each from the states under the national adaptation fund for climate control and green climate fund.
speaking at a regional consultative meeting on climate change organised jointly by moef and national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) here, he stressed the need for preparing quality projects for submission under international funding arrangements.
ramachandra, secretary, department of forest, environment and ecology, karnataka termed the state one of the most vulnerable to climate change as nearly 50   areas are drought prone and 70   of agricultural activities depend on rainfall.
ravi shankar prasad, joint secretary, moef and cc said 2015 was important for two reasons - sustainable development goals having direct bearing on climate change and the paris agreement.
r amalorpavanathan, dep-uty managing director, nabard underlined the need for multi-sectoral approach requiring active participation of various departments of the state.
representatives from various state governments and union territories like karnataka, gujarat, maharashtra, telangana, rajasthan, madhya pradesh, kerala, andhra pradesh, tamil nadu, goa and puducherry attended the meeting.
probe ordered into smart phone priced at rs 251new delhi, feb 19, 2016, dhns: 0:33 istamid mobile industry expressing concern over a noida-based company ringing bells launching a smart phone priced at rs 251, dubbed as world cheapest handset, the centre asked the department electronics to probe and submit the report.
telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad had sought the report from the department of electronics on how the firms can offer such a low price when the manufacturing cost itself will be over rs 2,500, sources said.
ringing bells, set up five months ago by amity university graduate mohit kumar goel, launched the freedom 251 at a high-profile function on wednesday, attended by bjp veteran murli manohar joshi.
though company said it will receive booking through online on thursday at 6 am, it said site crashed due to large number of hits.
however, the company claimed that it will ready for receive order within or before 24 hours.
ringing bells president ashok chaddha said manufacturing cost of the phone is about rs 2,500, which will be recovered through a series of measures like economies of scale, innovative marketing, reduction in duties and creating an e-commerce marketplace.
the phone will be manufactured in noida and uttaranchal.
two plants will be set up for rs 250 crore each with a capacity of 5 lakh phones, he said while rejecting getting any subsidy from the government.
however, expressing concern over the phone, indian cellular association has written the telecom minister to order probe into it.
even bjp mp kirit somaiya also demanded probe on how the company is selling a phone on a such low price.
govt takes rs 12,489 cr hit as telcos understate revenue: cagnew delhi, mar 11, 2016 (pti) 19:46 istgovernment has suffered a loss of rs 12,488.
93 crore due to under-invoicing of gross revenue by six telecom companies including reliance communications, vodafone and bharti airtel, the cag said in a damning report today.
the comptroller and auditor general of india (cag) in a report tabled in parliament said reliance communications, tata telecom, vodafone, airtel, idea and aircel under reported their adjusted gross revenue by rs 46,045.
75 crore, leading to a loss of rs 12,488.
93 crore to the exchequer from 2006 to 2010.
in separate findings, cag said adjustment of one-time entry fee paid by telecom companies, whose licences were quashed by the supreme court, against the spectrum price they paid in 2012-13 deprived national exchequer of rs 5,476.
3 crore.
telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad on his part said the special audit of the operators book would be ordered for three years -- 2009-10 to 2010-11, to find if there is any outstanding due on them.
meanwhile, reacting to the cag report, telecom industry bodies coai and auspi in a joint statement said the matters relating to interpretation of gross revenue/adjusted gross revenue of telecom companies for the purpose of calculation of license fees are under litigation in various judicial forums including the tdsat, high courts and the supreme court.
the issues pointed out by the cag pertain to those disputes, which have either been settled or stayed by various courts.
further, we would like to reiterate that our member companies follow the highest standards of corporate governance and have always been in compliance with all regulations, the statement added.
the cag report has been much awaited as operators had been resisting auditing of their books since 2009 and had moved different courts to challenge mandate of the official auditor.
it was only after supreme court settled the issue in favour of the cag in april 2014 that they were compelled to share info.
the auditor reported instances of under reporting of revenue due to netting off of discounts/waivers granted to post-paid subscribers and under-invoicing of roaming revenue due to set-off of inter-operator traffic discounts paid to other operators.
also, there was under reporting of revenue from infrastructure sharing with other telecom operators as well as from forex gain.
the financial impact due to understatement of agr stood at rs 3,728.
54 crore for reliance communications, rs 3,215.
39 crore for tata teleservices, airtel (rs 2,651.
89 crore), vodafone (rs 1,665.
39 crore), idea (rs 964.
89 crore) and aircel (rs 262.
83 crore), the cag said.
though the cag report will go to public accounts committee, whose recommendations will be final after approval by the house, yet the department will take a special audit which is authorised under the licence conditions to discover whether any outstanding due is legitimately required to be paid by the operators, telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad said here.
the cag presented its report on sharing of revenue by private telecom service providers (psps) in parliament today.
verification of records of six psps indicated total understatement of agr of rs 46,045.
75 crore for the period from 2006-07 to 2009-10, cag said.
it added that government was deprived of a total revenue of rs 12,488.
93 crore on account of short/non-payment of licence fee of rs 3,752.
37 crore, spectrum usage charge of rs 1,460.
23 crore and interest of rs 7,276.
33 crore due from the six psps for the reported period.
cag said the operators have understated the agr by the amount of commission paid to their dealers, by promotional schemes like free talk time, by netting-off discounts from revenue pertaining to roaming services and infrastructure sharing.
the operators have also understated agr by non-inclusion of interest income and profit from sale of investment.
the companies have understated agr for computation of suc among others.
the cag also flagged discrepancies in assessment of revenue share by dot and non-existence of appellate mechanism leading to high number of litigations.
audit found that even after 16 years of the introduction of the revenue share regime, the correctness and completeness of revenue flowing into the consolidated fund of india could not be assured by dot, cag said.
the report contains significant findings on correctness and completeness of revenue share paid to the government by bharti airtel, vodafone india, reliance communications, idea cellular, tata teleservices and aircel along with their subsidiaries for the period from 2006-07 to 2009-10.
in a separate report, cag said dot provided set-off of rs 1,658.
57 crore to telewings communications services (tcspl), now telenor, rs 1,626.
32 crore to sistema shyam teleservices (sstl), rs 1,506.
82 crore to videocon telecom and rs 684.
59 crore to idea cellular following decision of empowered group of ministers (egom) in 2012-13.
govt mulls new snooping policynew delhi, june 22, 2015, pti: 1:33 istthe government is working on a new regulatory framework for lawful interception and monitoring of telephone calls and messages while safeguarding the privacy of users, telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad has said.
the communications and information technology ministry is consulting the home ministry to sort out the issues related to interception by security agencies, he said.
a national telecom security policy in this regard has been in the making for many years, while a draft was proposed by the previous upa government also.
amid differences between the home and telecom ministries over interception powers of the security agencies, a final policy could not see light of the day during the previous government, while it had also faced opposition from telecom operators and other quarters on privacy and other issues.
meanwhile, the department of telecom feels there is a need for a separate security policy, as telecommunication infrastructure is not only used for mere voice communication but all the economic activities of the country.
50 days extra work under mgnrega for drought-hit areas: govtnew delhi, sep 16, 2015 (pti) 16:00 istpeople in drought-hit areas will get additional 50 days of work under the mgnrega scheme due to monsoon deficit in various parts of the country.
at present, 100 days of work is provided to rural job card holders under the mahatma gandhi national rural employment guarantee act (mgnrega).
the decision was taken in today's cabinet meeting after monsoon deficit widened beyond 15 per cent across the country, which could affect kharif crops and rural income.
already, karnataka has declared drought in 27 out of 30 districts, while maharashtra, telangana and andhra pradesh are also likely to declare drought-hit areas in their states.
the cabinet has given its ex-post facto approval to provide an additional 50 days of unskilled manual work in the financial year, over and above the 100 days assured to job card holders, in such rural areas where drought or natural calamities have been notified, telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad told reporters after the meeting.
the move will enable states to provide additional wage employment to the rural poor in drought affected areas.
the poorest rural households will benefit from this, as it will help in immediate absorption of rural seasonal unemployment, and reduce rural distress, he said.
prasad also listed many other steps taken by government to provide immediate relief to farmers in view of the deficit monsoon in the kharif season of 2015.
earlier, the government had announced diesel subsidy scheme for farmers to help save standing crops.
it also enhanced ceiling on seed subsidy to compensate the farmers in the drought affected districts for the additional expenditure incurred in the re-sowing, he added.
the government has also announced appropriate input support measures to rejuvenate water-stressed horticulture crops in drought-hit areas.
it has also decided to provide assistance for additional interventions production of fodder for mitigating adverse impact of drought on livestock in drought-hit blocks.
that apart, the centre has made flexible allocation under the rashtriya krishi vikas yojana and other centrally sponsored schemes.
it has put in place crop contingency plan for 600 districts.
the union cabinet discussed the issue of sky-rocketing prices of petrol and diesel and said that a plan is being worked to control the frequent fuel price volatility but stopped short of giving an immediate relief to consumers.
briefing reporters after the cabinet meeting, law and it minister ravishankarprasad prasad said that the government is planning to take a long-term view on how to give relief to customers.
the government is keen that instead of having an ad hoc measure, it may be desirable to have a long-term view which addresses not only the volatility but also takes care of the unnecessary ambiguity arising out of frequent ups and downs.
that process is underway, he said.
sources in the finance ministry said a re 1 cut in petrol prices drains the exchequer by an estimated rs 13,000 crore and the government is wary of letting its finances slip out of hand.
however, the door is still open to cut excise duty provided that states too cut vat on the two fuels, they said, adding cutting excise duty alone may not give a long-term support to consumers.
the oil marketing companies, who are often asked to bear the burden in these times, suggested the government bring petroleum products under the goods and services tax (gst) to give a long-lasting relief to consumers.
however, states, which earn a large chunk of revenues through vat on petrol and diesel, have never agreed to bring these commodities under gst.
it sector to create 25 lakh jobs in 5 years: govtdh news service, new delhi, may 23 2017, 22:19 istravi shankar prasad.
ptidismissing reports of a downturn in employment in the countrys it industry, electronics and information technology minister ravishankarprasad prasad on tuesday said that in the coming four to five years, almost 20 to 25 lakh additional jobs will be created in the sector.
i completely deny and refute that there is any downturn in the employment in the it sector.
it is robust.
once the digital economy is here, you will see how much it will progress, the minister said in a press conference convened to highlight the ministrys achievements in the past three years.
indian it companies are spread across 200 cities and 80 countries around the world, which provide direct employment to 40 lakh people and indirect employment to almost 1.
3 crore people.
as the industry is moving forward, it is nasscoms assessment that in the coming four to five years, almost 20-25 lakh additional jobs will be created, he added.
the government is also creating new jobs in the it sector by setting up more common service centres, launching new schemes under the digital india programme and opening rural bpos in semi-urban areas, he said.
the minister said that in the next five to seven years, indias digital economy will be worth an estimated $1 trillion, which is almost rs 600 lakh crore.
in 2016-17, the it industry added 1.
7 lakh new jobs.
in the last three years, almost six lakh people have been employed in our it sector, he said, adding that the nasscom said 25 to 30 lakh new jobs will be created by 2025 in the sector.
indian it companies currently serve two-thirds of the fortune 500 companies and have created 40 lakh direct jobs in india, the ministry said in a statement.
indias total software production market grew at 9.
5  in 2016-17, to reach $ 7 billion, and exports grew 7.
8  to reach $2.
3 billion.
indias overall domestic it/bpo sector is expected to grow at 8.
5  from 35 billion in 2016, to an anticipated $37 billion in 2017.
uninterrupted power to farmers in two years: piyush goyalpatna, nov 15, 2014, (ians): 17:38 istthe narendra modi government will provide uninterrupted electricity through dedicated feeders to farmers across india in the next two years, union power minister piyush goyal said saturday.
the modi government would help bihar in the power sector and ensure 24x7 power supply across the state, goyal said after commercially launching unit iv of the ntpc barh super thermal power plant (stpp) at barh in patna district.
we have begun the process to supply uninterrupted electricity through dedicated feeders to farmers for irrigation in the country in next two years, goyal told media persons.
the minister also launched the commercial operation of the 110 mw unit ii of the muzaffarpur thermal power station (stage i).
with the two new plants, bihar will get an additional 540 mw of power from saturday, in addition to the current allocation of 1,948 mw from the central sector.
bihar will get 429.
5 mw of power from the barh plant and 110 mw from muzaffarpur, an official said.
according to officials of the state energy department, the barh sttp has a capacity of 660 mw, of which bihar will get 430 mw.
goyal said farmers in gujarat get uninterrupted electricity through dedicated feeders under the deendayal upadhyay gram jyoti yojna.
it is a successful scheme to provide power to farmers for irrigation in gujarat.
now this model will be implemented across the country, he said.
goyal said the scheme will be launched in bihar soon.
the central government with the help of bihar government, which is also keen to provide power to farmers for irrigation, would launch the scheme to supply power through dedicated feeders, he said.
all pending power projects in bihar would be completed to ensure adequate power to the state, he said.
according to him, the modi government was doing everything to improve the power situation in the eastern states, particularly in bihar.
we have clear cut instructions from prime minister narendra modi to extend all help to eastern states, including bihar, to make them self-reliant in the power sector, he said.
bihar chief minister jitan ram manjhi and six union ministers from bihar - ravishankarprasad prasad, radha mohan singh, rajiv pratap rudy, ram kripal yadav, giriraj singh and dharmendra pradhan - were present along with goyal.
meanwhile, bihar's ruling janata dal-united accused the central government of ignoring and neglecting the contributions of former chief minister nitish kumar by not inviting him to the event.
the ntpc barh stpp was a dream project of nitish kumar, who played a major role in it.
but he was neither invited for the launch nor was his name mentioned in banners and posters at the function.
this has again exposed the 'hate politics' of the bjp, bihar's urban development minister samrat choudhary told media persons here.
delivering the valedictory speech of constitution day celebrations, prime minister narendra modi emphasised the need for the government and the judiciary to be on the same page to realise the dream of 'new india', and doubted whether they are working in unison.
modi spoke in a placid tone, but his minister of law and justice ravishankarprasad prasad was harsher in reminding the judiciary that law-making must be left to those elected to make laws and that the judiciary should not behave like a super-legislature.
he also sardonically remarked that while independence of the judiciary is important, judicial accountability, probity and propriety, too, are indispensable.
the message was loud and clear: that this government, like any other authoritarian government, wants a committed judiciary, that is, a judiciary committed to the policies of the government.
the idea and substance of a committed judiciary was practiced in the united states.
it is well known that chief justice john marshall imposed upon his colleagues the practice of delivering only unanimous opinions in order to secure the fledgling authority of the supreme court.
president thomas jefferson's objections to this development and his initia tives against this practice, including appointment of justices of his own choice, are equally well-documented.
jefferson's appointment of william johnson as associate justice and his subsequent stream of advice to him on breaking chief justice marshall's hold on the court displayed his desire for committed judges.
the supreme court of india could not remain aloof to this idea of committed judiciary.
since inception, successive governments have desired and attempted to confine the role of judges.
jawaharlal nehru, the first prime minister, once while discussing the role of judges expressed his view in the following words: if we go wrong here and there, it can be pointed out, but in the ultimate analysis, no judiciary can stand in judgement over the sovereign will of the entire community.
judges can correct the wrong here and there; they cannot arrogate to themselves the position of super-house of a parliament.
the desire to have a committed judiciary increased during indira gandhi's time, after her election was set aside by the allahabad high court and some of her political decisions were challenged, in cases like madhav rao scindia vs union of india (the privy purse case) and r c cooper vs union of india (the bank nationalisation case).
when the nation's senior-most judges questioned the government in the name of the constitution and justice, they were superseded.
justice a n ray was appointed chief justice of india, superseding the three senior-most judges after the unfavourable decision in the keshavanand bharati case.
later justice h r khanna, the senior-most judge of the supreme court was superseded by justice m h beg, a long-time friend of the nehru-gandhi family, after his powerful dissent in adm jabalpur vs shivakant shukla against the proclamation of emergency by indira gandhi.
many judges of the high court who did not toe government's line were transferred.
attempts were made to install committed judges in the supreme court.
george h gadbois jr. in his book 'judges of the supreme court of india' has referred to some of the judicial appointments and brings out crucial findings about the role of the chief justice of india and the sway of the prime minister in the appointment of judges and chief justices.
these committed judges tried their best to protect the interest of the government and, when they could not, they penned down dissenting opinions to show their loyalty to mrs gandhi.
an attempt was also made by the committed chief justice of india to overrule the basic structure doctrine by creating a bench of committed and like-minded judges.
fortunately, it did not succeed.
mrs gandhi sought to vindicate her claim for 'commitment' by referring to us president roosevelt having appointed judges who were committed to his programmes.
independent judiciarythe behaviour of a judge is the fortress within which people enjoy the fruits of democracy, liberty and justice.
judges must function without fear or favour.
otherwise, the question of their being impartial or independent will be rendered nugatory.
they are required to uphold the constitution and the laws, without fear (of the government) or (expecting) favour.
if the judiciary is committed to the policies of the government, the 'independence of the judiciary' and the 'system of checks and balances,' which are essential features of the constitution, will be in peril and constitutional democracy will be reduced to the dictatorship of the majority.
sixty-eight years of living under a constitutional system has demonstrated that politicians in india are not guided by moral principles, their only endeavour is to get power and retain it by one or the other means.
if the judiciary becomes committed to their policies, it will be difficult for the people at large to check the party in power from acting according to its own whims and fancies.
a committed judiciary will also destroy the federal fabric, another basic structure of the constitution.
it will create distrust among the states of the union of india.
there are so many disputes between the states and they would not have trust in the central govern ment because they might sense that the ruling party at the centre favours states where, too, it is in power.
but they would have faith in the judiciary, which is equipped with original jurisdiction to solve these disputes and preserve the federal identity of the constitution.
the idea of a committed judiciary will spoil this federal trust and confidence.
new delhi, sep 22, 2015 (pti) 14:39 istfollowing a public uproar over threat to privacy, the government today withdrew the draft encryption policy which made it mandatory for storage of all messages, including social media, for 90 days.
i personally feel that some of the expression used in the draft are giving rise to uncalled-for misgivings.
therefore, i have written to deity to withdraw that draft, rework it properly and thereafter put in the public domain, telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad told reporters here.
generally, all modern messaging services like whatsapp, viber, line, google chat, yahoo messenger and the like come with a high level of encryption and many a time, security agencies find it hard to intercept these messages.
yesterday, it was brought to our notice that draft has been put in the public domain seeking comments.
i wish to make it very clear that it is just a draft and not the view of the government.
i have noted concerns expressed.
.
.
by the public, prasad said.
as per the original draft, the new encryption policy proposes that every message a user sends -- be it through whatsapp, sms, e-mail or any such service -- must be mandatorily stored in plain text format for 90 days and made available on demand to security agencies.
prasad said the government under the leadership of prime minister narendra modi has promoted social media activism.
the right of articulation and freedom, we fully respect but at the same time, we need to acknowledge that cyber space transaction is rising enormously for individuals, businesses, the government and companies, prasad said.
the draft proposed legal action that could entail imprisonment for failure to store and produce on demand the encrypted message sent from any mobile device or computer.
the draft, issued by the department of electronics and information technology, was applicable on everyone, including government departments, academic institutions, citizens and for all kinds of communications -- be it official or personal.
besides, all service providers located within and outside india that use encryption technology must register themselves with the government, as per the draft.
prasad, however, maintained that there's need for an encryption policy which would apply to those who are involved in encrypting a messaging product for a variety of reasons.
the policy was proposed under section 84 a of the information technology act, 2000 through an amendment in 2008.
the sub-section 84 c, which was also introduced at around the same time, carries provisions of imprisonment for any violation of the act.
mins hit out at manjhi for remarks of barring them from biharpatna, nov 22, 2014, pti: 18:39 istunion ministers from bihar today took exception to chief minister jitan ram manjhi's remarks that they will not be allowed entry if they failed to bring in desired assistance for the state.
union agriculture minister radha mohan singh told reporters at the airport here that he hails from bihar and would keep coming.
rubbishing manjhi's allegation of neglect of the state, singh said, the narendra modi government was working for betterment of all states without any political consideration.
union minister of state for human resource development upendra kushwaha also strongly criticised manjhi for his remarks.
bihar government is raising fingers at others to hide its own failure, he told reporters at the airport, while describing manjhi's assertions as illogical.
kushwaha, who is also the president of rashtriya lok samata party (rlsp), said it was well known that the state government failed to utilise money under various welfare schemes resulting in lapse of funds meant for the state's progress.
union minister of state for rural development and panchayati raj ram kripal yadav has already condemned manjhi's remarks and said a person sitting on high constitutional post should not make unconstitutional statements.
referring to the seven union ministers as saat bhaiya (seven brothers) at a function on november 19, manjhi had asked to them to bring central assistance for the state, failing which they would be barred from entering bihar.
though the chief minister did not take any names, the seven union ministers are radha mohan singh, ravishankarprasad prasad, ram vilas paswan, rajiv pratap rudy, upendra kushwaha, ram kripal yadav and giriraj singh.
the chief minister's comment had not go down well with his own party, the jd(u), and party president sharad yadav had yesterday asked him to avoid making controversial statements.
rahul's visit to punjab, a political gimmick; bjp-sadnew delhi, apr 28, 2015, pti: 21:40 istbjp and its ally, akali dal which are in power in punjab today attacked congress vice president rahul gandhi over his visit to food-grain markets in the sad-bjp ruled state terming it as a political drama and an attempt to target the land bill.
union communications minister ravishankarprasad prasad said the congress leader needed to study law and also realize that land acquisition was important for farmers too.
i always say about rahul gandhi that he should do some homework and study law.
land is needed for all the purposes including irrigation facilities, construction of canals, pradhan mantri gram sadak yojana, he said.
akali dal leader and union minister harsimrat kaur badal ridiculed rahul for returning after two months holiday and going to mandi (market) for being able to raise questions in the parliament.
he has returned after two months of holiday but when there were rains and hailstorm he did not go to the fields or the farmers.
he is going to the mandi (food grain markets) so that he could raise the farmers' issues in the parliament.
for ten years his government was there what did they do for farmers and how many times he visited mandis.
these are all political drama it will have little effect, she said.
several bjp leader reciprocated the same sentiment.
he himself is admitting that he is doing politics on the land bill which is very unfortunate, said rajiv pratap rudy.
party leader anurag thakur said for ten years the country suffered because of congress's politics and unfortunately when the world is looking at india and its growth, they are doing politics with land bill.
rahul visited khanna and gobindgarh in akali dal-bjp ruled punjab today to take stock of the situation in the state's grain markets where farmers are finding it difficult to sell their produce after the recent unseasonal rains.
replying to criticism of rahul's visit, congress spokesman abhishek manu singhvi said that it was sad if not laughable.
this episode is sad if not laughable.
first narendra modi and his government formulate anti farmer policies and then try to get it passed in the parliament against its opinion.
all over the country there is a movement (against land bill) and still they have the guts to term rahul's visit as anti-farmer, singhvi said.
child pornography: govt starts steps to access interpol's listnew delhi, dec 2, 2015 (pti) 15:47 istin order to check online child pornography, government has initiated steps to devise a mechanism to access interpol's 'worst-of-list' through cbi and disable such content on internet.
the government is also in touch with internet service providers (isps) on upgradation of their infrastructure and technology so as to address the shortcomings with regard to identifying and blocking encrypted websites.
in order to effectively deal with online child pornographic contents, government has already initiated steps towards devising a mechanism to securely access interpol's worst-of-list through central bureau of investigation (cbi), which is the national nodal point for interpol related activities in the country, communications and it minister ravishankarprasad prasad said in a written reply to lok sabha.
he further said that steps are being taken to disable access to pornographic content on the web with the involvement and co-operation of all stakeholders in the country.
the minister said filtering of websites with obscene and objectionable content poses significant technical challenge.
these websites keep on changing names, domain addresses and hosting platforms from time to time making it difficult to filter or block such websites using technical tools available in the market, prasad said.
further, he said 'https' websites with encrypted content are used to transmit the pornographic content which makes filtering difficult as the data is encrypted.
therefore, the tools provide filtering to a limited extent only.
the tools, in the process may also filter genuine content and degrade the performance of systems, he said.
prasad added that social networking sites are monitored by the security agencies in order to check or remove objectionable content from websites in consultation with indian computer emergency team (cert-in).
government is in regular touch with social networking sites, having their offices in india, to disable objectionable content at the source from their websites, prasad said.
government has also initiated research and development programmes to deal with technical issues relating to encrypted communications from the point of monitoring and blocking.
the cyber regulation advisory committee (crac), which has members from all sections of society including government, industry, civil society and academy, in its meeting held on september 5, 2014 discussed issues relating to availability of pornography material on the internet and filtering of the same by isps.
crac requested internet and mobile association of india (iamai) to collect and maintain the repository of blacklisted pornography sites from various sources including list of child pornography sites maintained by other countries, prasad said.
new delhi, jul 30, 2015 (pti) 16:24 istbjp today hit out at congress leaders digvijay singh and shashi tharoor over their reactions to the hanging of yakub memon, saying their comments were insult to the people wanting to get rid of terrorism, and that any politics over is regrettable.
union minister ravishankarprasad prasad attacked singh, saying his comments seek to question the judicial process, and spoke of singh's attempts at alignment between judicial process and politics.
it is regrettable and unfortunate, he said.
prasad said he chose to ignore tharoor's tweets against the hanging, which the congress mp dubbed as state-sponsored killing, and added that he was more troubled by singh's comments as he was a congress general secretary, chief minister for 10 years and an adviser to party vice president rahul gandhi.
prasad's ministerial colleague rajiv pratap rudy said he was shocked with tharoor's comments and termed them as bizarre.
can terrorism remain sans politics?
can the process of justice be discarded by a tweet of a senior member of parliament, he wondered, adding that the judicial process had been completed in memon's case before he was hanged today.
prasad noted the supreme court had an unprecedented hearing at 3 am, in which it rejected his lawyers' last-gasp attempts to stay his hanging.
taking a dig at tharoor, rudy said he had been handling many cases and should be familiar with legal process.
if such was his feelings, he should have intervened at right time but not debate an issue when it has been settled, he said.
bjp secretary shrikant sharma took on the congress over its two leaders' comments, saying the opposition party had always spoken in different voice on terrorism.
whether it is mani shankar aiyar or digvijay singh and we have comments from tharoor today, they (congress) have always seen to be speaking for terrorists.
it is clear from their statements today that they are insulting the peace-loving people who want to get rid of terrorism, sharma said.
irani's visit to astrologer raked up in rsnew delhi, dec 10, 2014 (pti): 21:06 ista visit to an astrolger by hrd minister smriti irani was raked up in the rajya sabha by a congress member who said it was not commensurate with the job assigned to her but she hit back by saying that she can follow her faith in personal life as per the constitution.
congress mp shantaram naik said inspite of her educational qualifications being challenged, irani had done well as minister.
however, i am pained to see you going to an astrologer.
.
.
it challenges the scientific temperament as encompassed in the constitution of india, he said while participating in a debate on a bill on school of planning and architecture.
(as a minister) you don't have a private life.
i am pained, you have visited an astrologer, what are you going to tell the students.
to go to a fortune teller.
the message you have given does not commensurate with the role you have been given, naik said.
the minister replied back saying that she did her duty as hrd minister in the spirit of scientific temperament but followed her own faith in her personal life.
irani said she was delighted to comment on shantaram naik's remarks.
while he appreciated on one hand, and on the other side he commented on my educational qualifications.
.
.
.
in a sugar-coated way, naik had launched a very sharp attack on me, she said.
she underlined that, as an hrd minister i am working with scientific temperament.
but in personal life i am following my own religious faith.
the constitution gives freedom to uphold my religious faith.
irani said that while she was asked to uphold scientific temperament, if you remember, my predecessor looked into astrological charts to locate auspicious moment before entering office.
deputy chairman p j kurien also said scientific temperament does not mean that a person does not have religious faith.
telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad also supported irani saying that the constitution permits having individual faith and also respect for others' faith.
after the legislation was passed, irani was congratulated by kurien and some members for passage of three bills related to education sector.
kurien appeciated the minister's efforts and said she did a good job as three bills were cleared in a short span.
modi picks giriraj to assuage bhumiharsabhay kumar, patna, nov 10, 2014, dhns: 1:48 istthe induction of three bjp mps from bihar  rajiv pratap rudy, ram kripal yadav and giriraj singh  into the narendra modi ministry provides the clearest evidence that the prime minister has tried to assuage the ruffled feathers of the upper caste segment in the state which vociferously rooted for him during the lok sabha elections but found itself under-represented in the modis maiden team.
the most vocal of them all was the militant upper caste bhumihar community, which backed the bjp to the hilt, but found not a single representation from bihar in the union council of ministers in may this year.
as a consequence, when by-elections were held in august for the 10 assembly seats, the numerically-strong bhumihar voters reportedly switched their allegiance to the congress-rjd-jd(u) combine, which, in turn, led the grand alliance win six out of 10 seats and the bjp could scrape through only in four constituencies.
against this backdrop, the states top bjp leadership persuaded its high command not to antagonise this segment, or else, it could be fatal for the bjp in the 2015 assembly elections.
this was one reason why controversial mp from nawada, giriraj singh, on sunday found a place in the modi team.
secondly, former deputy chief minister and bihar bjps undisputed leader sushil kumar modi has, of late, been drawing flak from his party leaders, particularly those from the bhumihar community, who opposed the move to name him (sushil modi) the chief ministerial candidate for next year elections.
prominent among the enemy within were dr c p thakur, chandra mohan rai and giriraj singh, all bhumihars.
by inducting giriraj, the bjp has not only placated the miffed bhumihars, it has also made the road for sushil modi a bit smooth.
the other upper caste rajputs have, meanwhile, got more than their due as rajiv pratap rudy is the second rajput mp from bihar to get a place in the modis ministry.
the man, who defeated former bihar chief minister rabri devi from saran, could not be too happy on being made a minister of state (independent charge), as he was mos, independent charge, even in the vajpayee government more than a decade back.
his contemporary ravishankarprasad prasad, who, too, was mos in vajpayee regime, was made a cabinet minister in modi government in may but rudy was not that lucky precisely because radha mohan singh, the pliable union agriculture minister, filled the rajput quota.
rudys recent role as maharashtra-in-charge has apparently fetched him a reward with a ministerial berth.
so far as ram kripal yadav is concerned, the four-time mp has been made a union minister for the first time.
although he had all the requisite qualifications for being a minister when he was in the rjd, his credentials were overlooked by his former mentor lalu prasad.
ram kripal, an influential yadav leader, has been rewarded for defeating lalus daughter misa bharti in a keen contest from pataliputra lok sabha seat.
bjp rules out alliance with jd-unew delhi, june 2, 2015 (ians) 18:58 istthe bjp on tuesday ruled out any possibility of an alliance with the janata dal-united in bihar and said the door is shut for bihar chief minister nitish kumar.
any alliance with nitish kumar is totally ruled out.
the door is shut with a capital lock, communications and it minister ravishankarprasad prasad told a press conference here.
he said the merger of the janata parivar would have no impact on the bharatiya janata party's prospect in the coming election.
alliance or no alliance in janata parivar, people will vote for us, added the bjp leader.
asked who will be the bjp's chief ministerial candidate in bihar, prasad said the party's parliamentary board will take a call when needed.
let lalu prasad and nitish kumar decide first who will be the cm candidate on their side, he added.
govt softens under pressurenew delhi, aug 06, 2015, dhns: 1:22 istunable to break the deadlock that is impeding legislative business in the monsoon session, the nda government now wants the congress to appeal to lok sabha speaker sumitra mahajan to rescind her order of suspending 25 mps.
till now, other opposition parties have been mediating to ensure that the suspended congress mps are back in lower house but a senior minister said it can happen only when the party requests the speaker, who had suspended them on monday for five days for protesting in the well of the house with placards.
it is only after that the government might move a motion for withdrawal of their suspension.
however, the congress appears to be defiant and unwilling to budge from its stand of resignation first and discussion later on controversies surrounding union minister sushma swaraj and bjp chief ministers shivraj singh chouhan and vasundhra raje.
having tasted the blood after forcing the government to withdraw contentious clauses from the land acquisition bill, the congress is also threatening not to allow passage of the goods and services tax bill which is crucial for the economys revival.
the government is apprehensive that the congress mps, after returning, might resort to the same tactics of disrupting the house.
it said it would be willing to help out congress if it committed to not disrupt the proceedings.
naidu, prasad appealnot for the government or the bjp, please do a favour to the country.
allow legislations to be taken up in both houses.
don't stall them.
.
.
opposition should leave politics aside for the country's sake and take it forward by allowing parliament to function, parliamentary affairs minister m venkaiah naidu said in an appeal.
he also showered praises on prime minister narendra modi, describing him as god's gift to the nation and external affairs minister sushma swaraj, who he called a national asset.
the government was also left frustrated by the impasse as was reflected in the words of telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad who told reporters that all negotiations have failed because of the congresss rigid stand.
the congress has not left any position for give and take.
even they have to give something too for negotiations for bringing normalcy in parliament, prasad said.
he also requested the congress to introspect, reconsider and indulge in some soul searching over what kind of image they want to portray.
new delhi, nov 22, 2015, (pti): 21:42 ista condolence meeting for vhp patron ashok singhal here today provided a forum for the sangh parivar to push for construction of ram temple in ayodhya with rss chief mohan bhagwat saying serious attempts should be made to accomplish the hindutva leader's dream in this regard.
as glowing tributes were paid to singhal, bhagwat recalled singhal's last meeting with him earlier this month and said he wanted two things to be accomplished--construction of ram temple at ram janambhoomi and propagation of vedas.
the same should be accomplished by working sincerely towards them, he said.
ashokji during my meeting had shared his two resolves - of building the ram temple at ram janmabhoomi and spreading vedic wisdom in the world.
if we have to accomplish the resolve of ashokji, we have to take a pledge today to make his resolve ours.
we have to make serious attempts to accomplish the ram temple and that will be a true tribute to him.
ashokji's spirit will guide us in this task.
we have to keep moving and working on the path shown by ashokji and in the coming few years we hope to work towards accomplaishing his dream of ram temple, he said at a function to pay tributes to singhal.
the rss supremo at the memorial service said singhal is no more but his thoughts are with us and the task he undertook (of building the ram temple) yielded some results.
bhagwat said singhal, who had become synonymous with the ram temple movement, was an orator par excellence, a true stalwart of hindutva movement, a good classical singer and a guiding force for all.
bjp veteran murli manohar joshi also shared his over 60-year relationship with singhal, saying he was committed to the spread of vedic wisdom and values in the world.
he said ram and bharat are synonymous with each other and sought to remove misconceptions, asserting he never sought to divide people but was a unifying factor.
ram is bharat and bharat is ram and both are synonymous.
if you want to develop bharat, then ram temple would also have to be set up.
ashokji was never communal or divisive and sought to unify people.
it is considered divisive these days to talk about ram temple.
we can confidently say that bharat was a vishwaguru and will be one.
.
.
but, a confused country cannot move forward.
to call it divisive is against our country's tradition,he said.
singhal was a spiritual and unifying person and due to his personality he brought leaders of all communities and sects together on one platform, he said.
during the meeting, former vhp president vishnu hari dalmia set the tone for construction of ram temple at ayodhya, saying it would be a true tribute to singhal, who dedicated his entire life for hindutva and spearheaded the ram janambhoomi movement.
he called upon bhagwat to press upon the government for early construction of the temple.
vhp international working president pravin togadia called for passage of a law in parliament for the construction of ram temple at ayodhya on the lines of somnath temple.
the central government should pass an act in parliament to construct a ram temple in ayodhya, it will be a fitting tribute to ashok singhal, he said, adding that singhal was committed for elimination of untouchability and caste bias.
bjp president amit shah who specially flew back to delhi for the condolence meeting after casting his vote in civic polls in ahmedabad, said the demise of ashok singhal was an irreparable loss to the sangh parivar and nation.
he was the architect as well as leader of the biggest mass movement of india post independence, he said.
vhp president raghav reddy said the role of singhal was instrumental in bringing the entire hindu community together and his sole aim was to ensure uplift of downtrodden classes as well as the overall progress of the nation.
spiritual leader sadhvi ritambhara said singhal inspired millions with his deeds and was synonymous with vhp.
the real tribute to him will be construction of a ram temple at ayodhya, she said.
union minister venkaiah naidu and haryana chief minister manohar lal khattar were also present at the occasion.
others present at the condolence meeting at the indira gandhi indoor stadium includes union ministers ravishankarprasad prasad, harshvardhan, j p nadda, sadhvi niranjana jyoti.
spiritual leaders swami gyananand, swami chidanand muni of rishikesh, swami raghavanand of delhi sanatan dharma pratinidhi sabha, several mps and leading saints and representatives from sikh, jain, buddha communities and representatives of various socio-cultural organisations also participated in the meet.
elections bring windfall for holi colour makers in uttar pradeshlucknow, mar 11, 2017, dhns 0:51 istunion minister for communications & information technology and law & justice ravishankarprasad prasad celebrating holi with bjp and rss leaders in patna on friday.
pti photowhile it remains to be seen whose holi is going to be colourful this year, the poll season seems to have brought much-needed cheer to the manufacturers of holi colours and cannons in and around uttar pradesh.
according to a survey by trade body assocham, the majority of manufacturers said they were doing brisk business.
though the holi festival has been used by political parties across most parts of india to connect with the masses and bond with voters, the election season has certainly made it lucrative for colour manufacturers in and around uttar pradesh where this festival is celebrated the most, said d s rawat, national secretary general of assocham, releasing the findings of the survey.
many people purchase colours, sprinklers and other such items in bulk for parties, but this time there is an element of excitement, owing to the poll season and results that would be out a day ahead of holi, the survey said, quoting traders.
most of the shopkeepers said there had been a rise of up to 40  in the sales as many supporters were buying pichkaris (water guns), colours and merchandise plastered with different political parties symbols, and the demand for such items was growing by the day.
interestingly, most of the manufacturers in the state and shopkeepers in cities like delhi, dehradun, ludhiana and patiala said they have stocked fancy cannons and colours as cadres of political partiesare contacting them with bulk orders for the festival onsunday.
govt upgrades 29 cities, towns for hra, transport allowancenew delhi, may 30, 2015 (pti): 15:30 istthe union cabinet today approved upgradation of 29 cities and towns on the basis of 2011 population census for providing higher house and transportation allowance to central government employees.
the revised classification of cities would be effective from april 1, 2014 and cost the exchequer approximately rs 128 crore for 2014-15.
the cabinet has approved reclassification/upgradation of certain cities/towns on the basis of census 2011 for the purpose of granting house rent allowance (hra) and transport allowance to central government employees, communications and it minister ravishankarprasad prasad told reporters here.
one the basis of the census, 2 cities - pune and ahmedabad - have been upgraded to 'x' class from 'y' and 21 cities to 'y' from 'z' for the purpose of hra, an official statement read.
these 21 cities are nellore, gurgaon, bokaro steel city, gulbarga, thrissur, malappuram, kannur, kollam, ujjain, vasai-virar city, malegaon, nanded-waghala, sangli, rourkela, ajmer, erode, noida, firozabad, jhansi, siliguri and durgapur.
that apart, six - patna, kochi, indore, coimbatore and ghaziabad - have been advanced to 'specified higher class' from 'other places' for the purpose of transport allowance, the statement said.
so far, the census 2001 has been used for deciding the hra and transport allowance of central government officials posted in these towns and cities.
the existing qualifying threshold of population for hra classification is 50 lakh and above for x, 5-50 lakh for y and below 5 lakh for z class cities.
transportation allowance is payable at 'higher rates' in 13 specified cities classified earlier as 'a-1' and 'a' (those with a population of 20 lakh and above) and 'lower rates' for the rest.
the cities and towns are classified as x, y and z for the purpose of hra and 13 specified cities classified as a-1, a and other places for transportation allowance.
storm over herald case: cong alleges vendetta, govt deniesnew delhi, dec 8, 2015 (pti) 18:36 istthe national herald case today created a political storm with the congress paralysing parliament, accusing the government of political vendetta against its leaders, a charge strongly denied by finance minister arun jaitley, who asked sonia and rahul gandhi to face trial.
asserting that the congress party and its leaders have a lot to answer for, jaitley dared them for a debate on the matter in parliament instead of disrupting it tomorrow.
a day after the delhi high court dismissed the plea of the gandhis and others for quashing of summons in the herald case, congress members forced repeated adjournments in both houses of parliament shouting slogans against the government.
no business could be transacted before the final adjournment a little after 3 pm.
meanwhile, a local court today gave the gandhis and four other accused exemption from personal appearance today but asked them to be present on december 19 when the case will be heard.
after a strategy meeting at the parliament house before start of proceedings, sonia gandhi said, i am the daughter-in-law of indira gandhi.
i am not scared of anyone.
i am not disturbed.
she invoked the legacy of the late prime minister when she was asked to comment on a union minister's comment why is she afraid of facing the court.
speaking in cuddalore, the party vice president said he absolutely saw political vendetta alleging that the centre thinks it can stop him from asking questions.
that is not going to happen.
this is the way central government functions.
i absolutely see a political vendetta, he said.
later speaking to reporters in chennai, rahul gandhi dared the government to do whatever they want to do but he would not back off an inch.
i have said before they will do what they will.
i will do my job in the opposition job which is to ask questions from the government.
i am not afraid of these things.
i will not back off even an inch.
let them do whatever they want to do, he said.
in the rajya sabha, leader of opposition ghulam nabi azad said it is painful to see the atmosphere of political vendetta in the country where ruling party seems all out to make an opposition-free india for the last over one-and-a-half-years.
rejecting azad's allegation, leader of the house and finance minister arun jaitley said this government has not done any illegal action against anyone.
.
.
.
in case of congress leaders, it is not the action of the government but that of the judiciary.
.
.
.
court has summoned them and not the government.
give your reply to them.
contending that there was misrepresentation of facts, he said, the government is ready for any discussion.
.
.
there are serious allegations on congress leaders.
jaitley said such practices were done by the congress earlier and the government was ready to discuss this issue immediately as it wanted to place the facts before parliament and before the country.
soon after the houses were adjourned for the day, jaitley spoke to media, attacking the congress for its tactics of stalling.
he asked sonia and rahul to face the courts saying india is not a banana republic in which parliament or media can decide the guilt or innocence in such matters.
no political vendetta.
a private complaint was lodged.
government had nothing to do with it.
the high court has dismissed their case and asked them to go and face trial.
nobody in this country has immunity from law.
they can challenge the orders in a higher court or face proceedings, he said.
jaitley said the substance of the court proceedings is that a political party, congress, collects funds for political purpose, gets tax exemption but by a series of transactions those funds have been transfered to a trust and then to a company, which is closely held.
that company today is owner of real estate, getting lot of rents.
funds collected for a political activity were used for a commercial purpose.
tax exemptions are for political activity, he said.
jaitley said the gandhis were rattled and were adopting needless aggression.
a number of other ministers including ravishankarprasad prasad, jitender singh, rajiv pratap rudy and nirmala sitharaman attacked the congress leadership over disrupting of parliament.
congress fielded three of its senior leaders and lawyers -- kapil sibal, abhishek singhvi and randeep surjewala -- who insisted that the government and the bjp wanted a congress-mukt bharat, and hence such cases against congress leaders were being pushed.
dubbing subramanian swamy as his master's voice, sibal alleged at the aicc briefing that the bjp leader has been specifically assigned to persecute and prosecute the congress leadership and has been told to target them.
who is subramanian swamy.
he is the power of attorney holder of the bjp to persecute and prosecute the congress party.
we are ready to face the magistrate, sibal said.
former finance minister and senior lawyer p chidambaram said the high court judgement in national herald case incomprehensible as it says what species of criminal offence is not required to be seen at this stage.
all assets and all income remain with associated journals.
so, who has misappropriated what?
, he said in a series of tweets.
young indian is the holding company.
associated journals is the subsidiary.
the directors are the same.
so, who has cheated whom?
simple question: how can directors of a non-profit company ( young indian ) be charged with illegal profiting?
, he said.
the former minister said no one has has complained that property was entrusted&it has been misappropriated.
yet hc upholds summons to answer charge of breach of trust.
no one has complained of being cheated.
yet hc upholds summons to answer charge of cheating.
centre sets up new firm to implement digital india schemepress trust of india, new delhi, may 24 2017, 1:43 istit minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
ani file photothe government has set up a new organisation which would coordinate with central and state government agencies to implement the digital india programme.
the digital india corporation (dic) would work on capacity building for e-governance projects, besides promoting best practices, encouraging public-private partnerships and nurturing innovation and technology, it minister ravishankarprasad prasad told reporters here on tuesday.
dic, whose creation was approved by the board of media lab asia headed by the it minister last week, would work with all government departments to make digital india a success.
the ministry also released a new software procurement policy to provide a level playing field for all stakeholders by determining appropriate, pre-qualification and technical evaluation criterion.
the new policy would bring uniformity in software procurement in various state and central government departments.
prasad said tech giants had earlier urged the government to bring a model request for proposal to guide organisations across the government and obviate variations, vagaries and uncertainties.
rural india's broadband user base at 25.
51 mn as of end-marchnew delhi, jul 22, 2015, (pti) 16:45 istindia had 25.
51 million broadband users in rural areas as compared to 73.
69 million subscribers in urban parts till march 2015, parliament was informed today.
rural broadband internet subscriber base is 25.
51 million as on march 31, 2015, as reported by telecom regulatory authority of india (trai), minister of communications and information technology ravishankarprasad prasad said in a written reply to the lok sabha.
karnataka had the highest number of broadband users in rural areas at 2.
77 million, followed by kerala (2.
52 million) and tamil nadu (2.
27 million).
in urban regions, delhi had the highest broadband user base at 8.
7 million, followed by tamil nadu (7.
56 million) and maharashtra including goa (7.
44 million) at the end of march 2015.
the total number of broadband internet users in the country stood at 99.
20 million for the quarter ending march 2015.
the main reasons for low penetration of broadband in rural india include poor infrastructure and power supply conditions as well as low levels of computer penetration and literacy, prasad said.
scarcity of relevant content in local/regional languages and right of way permission for laying of optical fibre and poor availability of poor optical fibre connectivity are also some of the issues, he added.
responding to another query, prasad said government has released funds to the tune of rs 26.
75 crore in 2014-15 for state service delivery gateway (ssdg) project.
the highest funding was released to andaman and nicobar (rs 4.
30 crore), tamil nadu (rs 4.
01 crore) and daman and diu (rs 3.
54 crore).
3g phone like freedom 251 would cost rs 2,300, finds dotnew delhi, feb 19, 2016, (pti) 21:22 istwith questions being raised over the promised price of rs 251 for a 3g smartphone by new entrant ringing bells, the telecom ministry has found that a device with such specifications would cost about rs 2,300.
the ministry has analysed the issue and it feels that such a device can be manufactured for about rs 2,300, sources said.
however, they refused to say if any action will be taken against the company in the matter.
earlier this week, noida-based firm ringing bells launched the world's cheapest phone -- freedom 251 -- priced at rs 251, hogging limelight globally.
indian cellular association, which represents the handset makers industry in india and has members like apple, samsung, microsoft, lava and micromax, had also written to telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
the body said the bill of material value for a product like this when sourced from the cheapest supply chain cost approximately usd 40 (rs 2,700).
when translated into retail price after addition of applicable duties, taxes and distribution and retail margins, the cost of the product would be at least rs 4,100, it added.
ica requested the minister to get into the depth of the issue, saying the price could not be below rs 3,500 even after a subsidised sale.
ringing bells, on its part, said the manufacturing cost of the phone is about rs 2,500, which will be recovered through a series of measures like economies of scale, innovative marketing, reduction in duties and creating an e-commerce marketplace.
apart from the jaw-dropping price, the company that was set up five months ago by amity university graduate mohit kumar goel, is also in the midst of controversy with analysts alleging that its maker has merely rebranded a device by its rival, adcom.
analysts allege that the design of ringing bells' freedom 251 handset resembles that of adcom's ikon 4, which is already available in the indian market at rs 3,999.
interestingly, most built-in app icons on the freedom 251 seem to be a direct copy of icons on apple's iphone, they added.
despite the controversies, the device has continued to grab attention from consumers.
following a heavy demand, ringing bells suspended bookings for 24 hours yesterday.
it resumed bookings today.
govt blocked 844 social media pages this yearnew delhi, dec 16, 2015 (pti) 20:04 istthe number of social media pages blocked by the government for carrying objectionable content rose to 844 till november this year, parliament was informed today.
out of the total, the government blocked 492 web pages under section 69a of information technology act, 2000 based on recommendation of a committee set up in this regard, compared to 10 blocked in 2014, telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad said in a written reply in the lok sabha.
under section 69a of it act, the government has power to block any information in any computer resource in the interest of sovereignty and integrity of india, national security, friendly relations with foreign states or for maintaining law and order.
a total of 136, 13 and 10 and 492 urls of social media websites were blocked in 2012, 2013, 2014 and 2015, till november 30, 2015, respectively under section 69a through the committee constituted under the rules therein, prasad said.
the social media links that were blocked on court orders stood at 352.
further, a total of 533, 432 and 352 urls of social media websites were blocked in compliance with the directions of the competent courts of india in 2013, 2014 and 2015, till november 30, 2015, prasad said.
the minister said that the government does not separately maintain data on web pages blocked for anti-religious content.
he said that in 2014, a total of 4,192 cases were reported under section 66a of it act which had provision of jail term for sending offensive messages online, but the section is no longer valid since supreme court annulled it in march 2015.
as per data of 2014 shared by prasad, 2,423 persons were arrested, out of which 1,125 were charge-sheeted and 42 were convicted under section 66a of it act.
disclosure of those who altered nehru page on wikipedia has security implicationnew delhi, aug 9, 2015,(pti) 13:58 istwhether computer systems of national informatics centre were used to alter the wikipedia page of former prime minister jawaharlal nehru and post scandalous information about him and who had done it?
the nic, software solution provider of the government, has refused to part with the information to these questions on the grounds it may have security implications.
the response which does not cite any exemption clauses given in the transparency law, mandatory while withholding the information sought under the rti act, says the reply is based on the input received from the computer emergency response team (cert)-in.
based on the input from cert.
in, it is seen that there may be security implications in sharing the information.
thus the same may not be shared, the response from cpio of national informatics centre swarup dutta said.
the rti applicant had sought from the department of electronic and information technology the details of ip address 164.
100.
41.
28 which was allegedly used to alter the wikipedia page on prime ministers of india in which malicious information about nehru was posted on it.
the nic was also asked to provide the names of the officers who used the ip address at the time of content of wikipedia being edited.
the applicant had also sought to know if any inquiry was initiated in the matter.
surprisingly, the nic did not cite any of the 10 subsections of section eight of the right to information act for withholding information which is mandatory under the act.
recently, government said in lok sabha that a probe has been launched in the matter but nic did not respond to this question in its rti response.
actions have been initiated to investigate into the incident and determine the source of edit, telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad has said.
according to various decisions of the cic and high courts, denial of information is exception hence it must be accompanied with proper explanation about the reasons for withholding the information.
the section 8(2) of the right to information act says notwithstanding anything in the official secrets act, 1923 (19 of 1923) nor any of the exemptions permissible in accordance with sub-section (1), a public authority may allow access to information, if public interest in disclosure outweighs the harm to the protected interests.
after the reports emerged about the alleged changes from the government department, the congress had termed it a cheap, undemocratic and gutter level tactic, as it demanded a full enquiry and lodging of a criminal case into the reported changes made from a central government ip address on wikipedia pages to show that nehru was of muslim lineage.
a deliberate, sinister and malicious attempt was made.
.
.
to alter the wikipedia pages of.
.
.
jawaharlal nehru, his father motilal nehru and grandfather gangadhar by showing or attempting to show that their lineage was not 'kaul' of jammu and kashmir but lineage.
.
.
was muslim, congress chief spokesperson randeep surjewala had said.
he had also said that what made the case very serious was that this attempt was made from an ip address of nic.
central staff to get more allowance in 29 citiesnew delhi, may 31, 2015, dhns: 0:45 istcabinet approves higher hra, transport allowancethe cabinet on saturday approved upgrade of 29 cities and towns on the basis of the 2011 census for providing higher house and transportation allowance to central government employees.
the cabinet has approved reclassification/upgrade of certain cities/towns on the basis of census 2011 for granting house rent allowance (hra) and transport allowance to central government employees, communications and it minister ravishankarprasad prasad told reporters here.
with this, employees working in these 29 cities and towns will get higher hra and transport allowance effective from april 1, 2014.
this will cost the exchequer approximately rs 128 crore for 2014-15.
on the basis of the 2011 census, pune and ahmedabad have been upgraded to x category from y. a total 21 cities, which have been upgraded to y from z, are nellore, gurgaon, bokaro steel city, kalaburagi, thrissur, malappuram, kannur, kollam, ujjain, vasai-virar city, malegaon, nanded-waghala, sangli, rourkela, ajmer, erode, noida, firozabad, jhansi, siliguri and durgapur.
besides, patna, kochi, indore, coimbatore and ghaziabad have been advanced to specified higher class from other places for transport allowance, the statement said.
the classification is revised on the basis of population as reflected in the census report.
so far, the 2001 census has been used for deciding the hra and transport allowances of central government officials posted in these towns and cities.
the criterion of population for this purpose has been followed as recommended by the central pay commissions.
the existing qualifying threshold of population for hra classification is 50 lakh and above for x, 5-50 lakh for y and below 5 lakh for z class cities.
transportation allowance is payable at higher rates in 13 specified cities classified earlier as a-1 and a (those with a population of 20 lakh and above) and lower rates for the rest.
the cities and towns are classified as x, y and z for the purpose of hra and 13 specified cities are classified as a-1, a and other places for transport allowance.
govt promises aid for projects in maoist areasnew delhi, feb 09, 2014, dhns: 2:13 istin a bid to counter maoists in their hotbed bastar, the centre on monday reviewed developmental projects and security aspects in the region with top political and bureaucratic leadership of chhattisgarh, maharashtra, odisha and telangana.
though odisha chief minister naveen patnaik and his telangana counterpart k chandrashekar rao skipped the meeting, bjp chief ministers from chhattisgarh (raman singh) and maharashtra (devendra fadnavis) attended the meeting, which also saw the presence of several union ministers.
an official statement said the meeting reviewed the developmental projects relating to roads, bridges, railway lines, mobile towers, post offices, banking infrastructure, education, health, radio and tv connectivity and forest and environmental clearances in chhattisgarh, telangana, odisha and maharashtra.
the emphasis on dealing with the situation in bastar was highlighted by the union home minister, who said the region required special attention for early completion of developmental projects and a coordinated action for tackling maoist menace in the area.
singh assured the states of necessary central assistance.
the chief ministers and senior officials like directors general of police were present as these states share a boundary with bastar region.
the chhattisgarh chief minister emphasised on the need for enhancing coverage of doordarshan and all india radio beyond jagdalpur, deep inside bastar.
he also requested that six more crpf battalions be deployed in bastar.
he said about 700 km of sanctioned roads remain to be completed in the state in addition to the construction of two major bridges.
about 900 sites for mobile towers have been finalised and approximately the same number of sites are still to be finalised, he said.
opening of more post offices and banking infrastructure in the left wing extremists (lwe) affected areas were also highlighted by the chief minister.
fadnavis highlighted the issue of pending road works of about 150 kms and the work of indirawati bridge awarded in january last year.
he also raised the issue of construction work of laying railway track in the lwe affected areas.
communication minister ravishankarprasad prasad assured that 500 mobile towers in maoist areas to be up by march 31 and another 1,500 by august.
union ministers nitin gadkari, smriti irani, suresh prabhu, haribhai parathibhai chaudhary and rajyavardhan singh rathore also attended the meeting.
it was agreed that the lwe affected states in general and bastar region in particular required special assistance from the centre and the government of india may consider necessary relaxations in the policies and schemes for the development of these areas, the statement said.
off the recordlast updated: 04 july, 2011ceremonial gestureindia has offered the ceremonial guard of honour to the visiting defence ministers of mozambique and afghanistan but did not show the same gesture to the ministers of germany and france with whom new delhi enjoys stronger military relations.
and the latter two actually thanked new delhi rather than complaining and making it a diplomatic issue.
sounds bizarre?
well, its all because of the weather.
the defence ministers of germany and france came at a time when the capital was boiling in the summer heat.
accepting the guard of honour outside south block in the morning could actually turn out to be a guard of punishment for the ministers.
thats when defence minister a k antony intervened and decided to cancel the ceremony.
the practice was resumed in the last 10 days when the weather improved, thanks to a few bouts of rain and thunderstorms.
the defence ministry has now decided that it would not offer the guard of honour to the visiting dignitaries if the weather is not conducive.
kalyan rayin bad tasteit was supposed to be bjps shankhnaad (blowing of conch shell) against corruption and price rise.
but the shankh (shell) simply refused to blow.
patna saheb mp shatrughan sinha, who too was present on the dais, also tried his best but failed.
as the bjp workers giggled sheepishly, senior party leaders, including sushil modi and ravishankarprasad prasad, tried to save the day.
holding the mike in hand, they started addressing the workers, who had assembled at the rally to mark the 36th year of emergency imposed in 1975.
speaking on top of their voices, most of these leaders predicted the imminent fall of the manmohan singh government and mid-term elections in 2012.
it was, however, the partys in-charge of bihar affairs and senior leader from karnataka ananth kumar, who laced his speech with histrionics.
in the late 70s, there was a kamal hasan-rati agnihotri-starrer movie ek duje ke liye.
but these days a new movie is being made: ek 2g ke liye.
produced by sonia and directed by manmohan, the movie has chidambaram as its music composer, anantha said at the rally in patna.
infuriated over such uncharitable remarks, bihar congress leaders were seething with rage.
shorn of issues, the bjp has gone mentally bankrupt.
hence its leaders are stooping to a new low, averred former president of bihar pradesh congress committee (bpcc) ram jatan sinha.
abhay kumar, patnasibals silencethe common experience has been that there are seasons when politicians have opportunities to be extra-vocal.
the discourse on lokpal has certainly brought such a season.
except a few, most of the politicians grabbed this opportunity and spoke.
however, some of them like former madhya pradesh chief minister and sonia gandhis confidant digivijay singh and human resource development minister kapil sibal used this opportunity in a big way.
sibal went to the extent of writing a big article to dismiss team annas vision of lokpal.
he and digvijay singh not only spoke on anna hazare but also took on baba ramdevzealously.
every thing was going on in great speed when 10, janpath decided to be less aggressive to baba and anna.
digvijay changed his tune effortlessly.
but aggressive and habituated of making lengthy comments, sibal could not do that.
so, he was left with no other option than to maintain some silence.
when media persons caught him in a program to speak on ramdevs visit to delhi, sibal virtually ran away.
surprised media persons exclaimed, it is difficult to know when they want to speak to us or when they do not.
there are seasons of silence too!
cabinet okays land ordinance once againnew delhi, may 31, 2015, dhns: 2:12 istthe union cabinet on saturday decided to re-promulgate the controversial land ordinance, saying it is necessary for maintaining continuity and for providing a framework to compensate people whose land is acquired.
the centres move comes at a time when a joint committee of parliament is looking into the contentious land acquisition bill which got stuck due to the oppositions resistance in the rajya sabha before the lok sabha passed it during the last budget session.
though the government appears to be determined to push it through parliament in the monsoon session slated for julysince by then the joint committee would have tabled its reportprime minister narendra modi interestingly did not put much stake on the legislation.
the land acquisition bill is not a matter of life or death for me.
and neither was it an agenda of my party or the government, modi said in an interview.
the land ordinance has been cleared again by the cabinet to maintain continuity and we will ensure that farmers do not face hardship on compensation, said telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
bjp mps storm out of 2g jpcnew delhi, august 22, 2012, dhns: 1:52 istcong members used foul language, they allegemassive differences cropped up during the meeting of the joint parliamentary committee (jpc) probing 2g telecom spectrum scam, leading to walkout by the bjp members on wednesday.
the bjp members alleged that when they insisted on calling prime minister manmohan singh to depose before the panel, the congress members used foul language.
jaswant singh, yashwant sinha, dharmendra pradhan, ravishankarprasad prasad and gopinath munde walked out of the meeting which was expected to finalise the list of persons who would depose before the committee.
the walk-out sparked off speculation that the miffed bjp members may tender their resignation from the jpc on thursday.
we will take a call on resignation, yashwant sinha, who led the walkout, said.
however, congress sources said walkout was nothing but pressure tactics by the bjp to mount pressure on the prime minister to resign in the wake of the coal scam.
the exit of the five members from the 30-member committee will not hamper its work, as the panel will still have a majority.
the jpc has 30 members -- 20 from lok sabha and 10 from rajya sabha -- representing different parties.
the issue, however, will be whether the panel report would be fair when the principal opposition party refuses to participate in it.
also, the main opposition quitting the panel would be glaring in parliamentary democracy.
the meeting turned stormy when the bjp members kept insisting that the chairman finalise the list comprising prime minister manmohan singh, finance minister p chidambaram, former telecom minister a raja, principal secretary to prime minister's office pulok chatterjee and advisor to the prime minister t k a nair, to appear before the committee.
upset over the demand, congress member manish tiwari reportedly said the meeting was turning out to be a kangaroo court (mock court without any regard for principles of justice).
the remark was strongly objected to by cpis gurudas dasgupta and the bjp members, and the latter stormed out.
we walked out of the meeting after congress members used foul language as we demanded settling the issue of list of witnesses which has been pending for eight weeks now, sinha told reporters after the walkout.
however, tiwari denied using any unparliamentarily language in the meeting.
alleging that the bjp was predetermined to boycott the meeting, tiwari said the bjp members were trying to use the platform for political gain.
even jpc chairman p c chacko, who termed the bjp decision political, said no unparliamentarily language was used.
the walk-out is surprising at a time when the committee was still in the process of finalising the list, he said.
on the issue of calling the prime minister and finance minister, the congress has suggested that questionnaires be sent to them rather than calling them for deposition.
nda will replicate 'gujarat model': ravishankar prasadbangalore, mar 15, 2014, dhns : 0:50 istsenior bjp leader ravishankarprasad prasad on saturday said the national democratic alliance (nda), if voted to power, would strive to replicate the gujarat model at the national level to give an impetus to industries and employment generation.
speaking at idea exchange forum organised for start-up entrepreneurs by the centre for entrepreneurial excellence, prasad said the nda proposed to reduce the number of steps in clearances for starting new ventures and ensure economic growth with equity.
the thrust would be towards micro, small and medium industries that has the potential to generate large number of jobs.
in addition, prasad said the party would strive towards improving the life of the people and infrastructure in urban areas besides focussing on inclusive growth as implemented by the bjps prime ministerial candidate narendra modi in gujarat.
modi is keen that the gujarat model of smart city, hyper connectivity and other facilities be extended to all urban areas in the country.
he also has a vision of setting up iits, iims, aiims in all states, prasad said.
prasad, who is the deputy leader of the opposition in the rajya sabha, pointed out that during the end of the six-year nda rule in 2004 the gdp growth in the country touched a peak of 8.
5 per cent.
but the congress-led upa government had failed miserably on the economic front.
if good governance becomes a casualty, bad economy follows, he added.
he said there should always be a political response to economic concerns.
any industrial policy should focus on supplies rather than demand.
there was shortage of telephones when the nda government took charge in 1998.
the government took steps to increase the supply.
the demand was not only met but the cost of telephones also came down.
taking a dig at the aam aadmi party (aap), prasad said the party could hold its road shows and dinners.
finally what matters is good governance for which the bjp has a proven track record.
bjp national spokesperson meenakshi lekhi stressed the need for evolving a model to assess the revenue, employment generating and asset creating capacities of start-ups.
an young entrepreneur wanted to know whether the bjp was in favour of financially backing start-ups of women entrepreneurs at least for the first two years.
replying to him lekhi said that in gujarat there were separate industrial zones for woman entrepreneurs.
a question whether the bjp would continue with the food security programme went unanswered.
another entrepreneur said the new land acquisition legislation had made acquisition cost of land for industrial purposes very high.
govt issues 5,000 call interception orders a month on averagenew delhi, mar 4, 2015 (pti) 16:49 istthe home ministry on an average approves 5,000 call interception requests a month based on justified grounds made by law enforcement agencies, parliament was informed today.
the interception of telephone conversation is done by law enforcement agencies under provisions in section 5(2) of indian telegraph act, 1885 read with indian telegraph rules, 1951 amended from time to time, communication and it minister ravishankarprasad prasad said in a written reply to the lok sabha.
on an average 5,000 interception orders per month are issued by the union home secretary on the requests supported by justified grounds/reasons made by law enforcement agencies, he said reply to the question whether over 9,000 phones are tapped every month in the country.
the minister informed the house that the rule 419a of indian telegraph rules allows lawful interception of phones under unavoidable circumstances.
in unavoidable circumstances, such order may be made by an officer not below the rank of a joint secretary to the government of india, who has been dully authorised by the union home secretary or the state home secretary, as the case may be.
provided that in emergent cases in remote areas, where obtaining of prior direction for interception of message or class of messages is not feasible or for operational reasons, where obtaining of prior directions for interception of messages or class of messages is nor feasible, prasad said.
the required interception of any message or class of messages shall be carried out with the prior approval of the head or second senior most officer of the authorised security that is the law enforcement agency at the central level and the officers authorised in the behalf, not below the rank of inspector general of police at the state level, he added.
but, the concerned competent authority shall be informed of such interceptions by the approving authority within three working days and such interceptions shall be got confirmed by the concerned competent authority within 7 working days, the minister said.
if the confirmation from the competent authority is not received within the stipulated 7 days, such interception shall cease and the same message or class of messages shall not be intercepted thereafter without the prior approval of union home secretary or the state home secretary, as the case may be, prasad added.
new delhi: sep 17, 2015, dhns 1:28 istthree months after the audacious attack on the army in manipur, the centre on wednesday banned naga insurgent outfit nscn(k) for five years.
the ban came days after the national investigation agency (nia) declared a reward on nscn(k) chief s s khaplang and key leader niki sumi for their involvement in a series of attacks on security personnel, including the june 4 attack in manipur that killed 18 soldiers.
the decision was taken at a meeting of the cabinet chaired by prime minister narendra modi during which the home ministry proposal was deliberated.
the khaplang-led outfit had unilaterally abrogated the ceasefire agreement in march and had been targeting security forces.
the nscn(k), which is responsible for explosions, ambushes and bombings, has been declared as an unlawful organisation for a period of five years, communications minister ravishankarprasad prasad told reporters after the cabinet meeting.
home secretary rajiv mehrishi said the nscn(k) was declared a banned organisation after due deliberations and following due legal process.
efforts were on to try and bring as many organisations possible to the negotiation table to find a solution to the issue, he said.
after reneging from the ceasefire pact in march, the group had forged ties with several other insurgent outfits, including the ulfa faction headed by paresh barua, in may, and formed the united liberation front of south east asia.
according to officials, nscn(k) has 700 to 800 cadres and same number of sophisticated weapons, including rocket launchers.
a home ministry note also said the outfit coordinates its military activities from myanmar where a sizeable detachment of its cadre is in various camps.
besides the june 4 incident, the ministry has also noted that nscn(k) was involve in two incidents on march 26 in nagaland where four assam rifles personnel and four civilians were injured.
another incident on may 3  ambush on assam rifles and naga territorial army killing eight security personnel  also was highlighted by the ministry.
according to the home ministry officials, nscn(k) has indulged in extortion, kidnapping and systematic drive for recruitment of fresh cadre for its terrorist and insurgency activities.
it has also established camps and hide-outs across the countrys borders to carry out secessionist activities.
when asked why it took more than three months to ban the outfit, sources pointed out to differences within the government.
sources said while home ministry officials had been insisting on banning it, government-appointed interlocutor for naga peace talks r n ravi was reportedly in favour of restarting negotiations with the group.
govt says crew, passengers' safety vital, unruly behaviour unacceptablenew delhi, march 25, 2017, dhns 1:07 istthe statement came after the assault on an airline manager by a shiv sena mp snowballed into a controversy.
image for representation.
the government on friday said the safety of fliers and cabin crew is a top priority and unruly behaviour will not be tolerated.
the statement came after the assault on an airline manager by a shiv sena mp snowballed into a controversy.
civil aviation minister ashok gajapathi raju said law will take its course and one has to ensure that such regrettable incidents are never repeated.
it was an unfortunate incident.
it should never have happened.
what has to happen (now), will happen.
i am not saying no action has to be taken.
action has to be taken and we will do it.
that is not the problem at all.
i am also an mp.
we are not above the law and we have to follow the law of the land, he told reporters outside the parliament house.
raju said his ministry is also working on creating institutional mechanisms to check undesirable flight behaviour and unruly passengers.
law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said people expect dignified conduct from mps.
minister of state for civil aviation jayant sinha said unruly passengers will be dealt with.
after all, when you are flying at 30,000 feet, you are in a very fragile environment.
under those circumstances, it is very important to ensure that the behaviour by all parties is appropriate.
we take all such situations very seriously.
every such incident is investigated and then the law takes its own course, he said.
airlines supported a no-fly list to bar unruly fliers who are a safety hazard for not just the crew but also the passengers.
spicejet said the government needs to act on the list soon.
an attack on our employees and crew is an attack on us and we strongly condemn such incidents, the airline said in a statement.
indigo president aditya ghosh said his airline would support a no-fly list, pti reported.
vistara spokesperson said disruptive and abusive behaviour by passengers is a serious issue and cannot be tolerated, both for safety and security reasons in a critical and sensitive industry such as aviation, as well for the safety and well-being of staff and passengers.
we also fully support the promulgation of a no fly-list and concur with the federation of indian airlines and air india in seeking the support of the government and security agencies to enforce such a directive, whereby passengers on the no-fly list will not be permitted to fly on any of the airlines, the spokesperson said.
bjp accuses sonia of telling lies to attack the centrenew delhi, aug 30, 2015, (pti) 20:15 istafter sonia gandhi shared dais with lalu prasad and nitish kumar at a rally in patna, bjp today hit back saying the promoters of politics of family rule, opportunism and corruption have come together to target it and accused the congress chief of telling lies to attack the centre.
as gandhi attacked the modi government over diluting mnrega and its pakistan policy, bjp said the whole world had acknowledged india's tough stand on terrorism but she spoke lies while her son and deputy rahul gandhi went to border to question the centre instead of pakistan.
the promoters of family rule, opportunism and corruption were today at one platform.
.
.
sonia gandhi, you should have shown some shame.
you told lies on pakistan, union minister and senior bjp leader ravishankarprasad prasad told a press conference.
under the bjp government, allocation to mnrega had been increased by rs 5000 crore and it was not diluted as alleged by gandhi, he said.
seeking to corner the congress over her sharing dais with the rjd chief, a convict in a fodder scam case, prasad said it was a cruel joke that she praised his rule in bihar, saying it was an insult of bihar, which is likely to see assembly polls in october-november.
bjp dubbed the grand alliance's 'swabhiman' rally as apman rally.
there was no issue of development in todays rally.
there were no women, dalit and poor, he said, mocking gandhi for her supporting role with kumar and prasad being the mascot and director of the jungle raaj-ii.
slamming congress chief sonia gandhi for questioning government about its stand on pakistan, prasad said that the government has taken a tough stand on the matter.
we have made it clear that we will not tolerate terrorism, he said.
drawing a comparison with the rallies held by prime minister narendra modi, prasad said that today's rally was a failure as the crowd was not even half of modi's four combined rallies.
he also attacked nitish kumar for drawing a comparison between him and chandragupta maurya and samrat ashok and jayaprakash narayan saying he thinks that 'he is bihar' and 'bihar is him'.
in an apparent reference to speakers in the rally reaching out to different various castes, he said rank casteism is being promoted by the leaders of the grand alliance while bjp-led nda believes in taking everybody along.
new delhi:march 24, 2016, dhns: 2:11 istin a holi gift to over one crore employees and pensioners, the government on wednesday decided to raise dearness allowance by 6  effective from january this year.
the government is wishing happy holi to central government employees with a total of 6  da hike.
this makes it to 125  of basic pay, telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad told reporters after the cabinet meeting chaired by prime minister narendra modi.
this will benefit about 50 lakh government employees and 58 lakh pensioners, he said.
the impact of the da hike on the exchequer will be rs 14,725.
74 crore from january 14 to february 2017.
the da is paid as a portion of basic pay of employees to neutralise the impact of inflation.
pensioners get dearness relief.
naxalbari, press trust of india, may 3 2017, 19:41 istamit shah partaking of lunch during his visit to the family in his naxalbari visit.
photo credit: pti.
the bjp today accused the trinamool congress of abducting a tribal couple, who hosted its chief amit shah during his visit to west bengal last week, and forcing them to join its ranks, terming it a text book case of revenge politics.
union minister ravishankarprasad prasad reminded west bengal chief minister and tmc chief mamata banrjee of her struggle during the left rule, claiming she cannot stop the march of democracy and people will support the saffron party despite its pressure and violence.
at a press conference in the bjp headquarters here, he wondered if the tmc's desperation was caused by the cbi's probe into saradha chit fund scam case and the narada bribary sting allegedly involving several of its mps.
the investigation will not stop.
it is based on evidence which is in the public domain.
bengal is seeing reckless violence and overpowering fear of the tmc, he said, adding the ruling party could not tolerate a tribal couple offering lunch to the bjp president.
the success of shah's visit has unnerved the tmc, he claimed.
prasad said the bjp workers and others whom shah met during his visit to bhawanipur, mamata's assembly constituency, are also under pressure.
such violence and fear prevailed in the state during the left rule and it is a tragedy that it remains so during the tmc rule as well, he said.
he also used the opportunity to accuse the mamata government of appeasing one section of the society, a reference to muslims, by the misuse of state power and noted that it stopped religious processions during 'ram navami' and 'hanuman jayanti'.
raju and geeta mahali, who had hosted shah on april 25, today joined the tmc in the presence of senior party leader and tourism minister gautam deb.
i was inspired by the developmental work of mamata banerjee and that is why we have joined the tmc.
nobody has forced us to join the party, geeta mahali later said.
prasad said the bjp was deeply sad and hurt over the development but was not least concerned.
such tactics by the tmc cannot stop the bjp's expansion, he said.
august 6, 2016.
agencies 12:43 istprime minister narendra modi will address dedicated users of mygov app, his pet e-governance initiative, at a town hall meet on saturday evening.
the event is being held to mark two years of mygov, which modi launched after taking over as pm.
the portal purportedly helps the citizens of the country connect with the prime ministers office and share their ideas or suggestions for good governance.
union minister of it, law and justice ravishankarprasad prasad inaugurated a day-long session on the subject, which will culminate with the prime ministers session.
a new app would also be launched to allow mobile users to connect with website of the prime ministers office.
sports stadium proves small for modi's digital india launchnew delhi, july 1, 2015 (ians): 20:52 istwhen prime minister narendra modi takes the centre stage for an event involving the corporate sector, it is not surprising that the who's who of india inc. would crowd there.
on wednesday, however, even a 15,000-capacity stadium here seemed trifle small for a venue when modi launched the digital india week to empower citizens with the use of it.
amid loud cheers, applause and even sharp whistles, the prime minister appeared to be loving every moment of the two-hour event, as leader after leader from the corporate world pledged support for what is touted as one of his pet initiatives to touch the life of every citizen.
the prime minister spoke last.
but he summed up in numbers what the corporate leaders promised -- an investment of rs.450,000 crore to create as many as 1.
8 million additional jobs over the next five-seven years.
on a lighter note, he said some years ago when he would be in the midst of children, they would try to snatch his pen or spectacles.
today, however, they try to take away the mobile phones and similar devices.
this, he said, also reflected how humans today were adapting to changes.
earlier human habitation came up by the sea or rivers.
later, it flourished by the national highway.
in future it will come up alongside optical fibre network, he asserted.
industry leaders also showered praise on the social media aficionado modi.
we all know the prime minister is already india's greatest and among the world's most popular leaders in the digital space with over 80 lakh followers on twitter and over three times that number -- or 25 million followers -- on facebook, said reliance group chairman anil ambani.
in other words, digital india carries the signature of a leader whose name is synonymous with the transformational power of connectivity and communication, he said, committing an investment of rs.10,000 crore alone towards cloud-based services and telecom.
according to bharti group's sunil mittal: pm modi understands the power of technology and how it can transform the nation, connect the nation in shortest timeframe.
who better to lead it than our pm.
this digital india initiative can transform the nation in the shortest possible timeframe.
in a similar vein, reliance's mukesh ambani congratulated the modi government on digital india.
normally, industry moves faster than government.
but with digital india it is different.
i have no hesitation in saying the government has moved faster.
my warm congratulations to ravishankarprasad prasad (communications and it minister) and his entire team.
modi reiterated his government's resolve not to allow the digital divide to become a barrier between people.
he outlined his vision of e-governance and mobile governance, where all important government services are available on the mobile phone.
i dream of a digital india where high-speed digital highways unite the nation; 1.
2 billion connected indians drive innovation; technology ensures the citizen-government interface is incorruptible, modi said.
this vision of digital india is centered on three key areas -- digital infrastructure as a utility to every citizen, services on demand, and digital empowerment of citizens.
govt launches public contest on suggestions for pmo mobile appnew delhi, mar 4, 2015 (pti) 16:26 istthe government today launched a contest for taking suggestions from the public to develop a mobile application for the prime minister's office (pmo).
the application, which will be developed in association with google, is likely to be out in two months.
the contest aims to seek suggestions from the public regarding the structure and content of the application.
the whole mygov programme is designed to have citizen engagement at the widest level.
if we engage people, then we get various new suggestions, communications and it minister ravishankarprasad prasad said while launching the contest.
prime minister narendra modi had launched the website mygov.
in to provide a platform to citizens to share their views and opinions on important issues such as clean ganga or skill development.
prasad said the modi-led government is using crowd sourcing model to get suggestions from the general public and later incorporating them while forming government policies.
he said the railway and the union budgets used suggestions given by public including proposal of bio toilets, online payment facility for food, ideal railway station by involvement of mps in railways, gold monetisation and sovereign bonds schemes and the need for a law to tackle benami property among others.
through crowd sourcing, whatever suggestions people gave regarding the budget, have been included into railway as well as the general budget.
.
.
so you can see our government not only engages people but also acts on the feedback received from crowd sourcing, prasad said.
he further said that this shows extraordinary commitment of the government to use social media for social good.
regarding the pmo's application, google india md rajan anandan said the app will be made in india by best developers of the country.
he said the app is likely to be developed in two months and it will be a made in india and made for india.
buoyed by exit polls, bjp prepares for an early holinew delhi/ lucknow, mar 11, 2017, dhns 0:48 istpeople playing special faganiya football match on the occasion of holi festival in bikaner on friday.
pti photothe bjp was in a celebratory mood on friday as its leaders expected an early holi for the party when the assembly poll results for uttar pradesh, uttarakhand, punjab, goa and manipur are declared on saturday.
bjp sources said the top leadership was confident of forming the government in up, uttarakhand and goa and the party's ashoka road headquarters was ready with sweets, colours and firecrackers to celebrate the poll outcome.
union minister ravishankarprasad prasad summed up the mood in the party and central government when he said at a function in patna, we will play holi tomorrow which will be kesariya holi, alluding to the saffron surge he expected from the polls.
in lucknow, the uttar pradesh bjp headquarters was also being decked up for celebrations.
''it will be an early holi for us,'' said bjp leader vijay bahadur pathak.
state bjp president keshav prasad maurya said the party will fare ''better'' than what was being predicted in the exit polls.
maurya even invited journalists to the party office to taste the 'gujhia', the sweet traditionally prepared for holi.
a meeting of the state party leaders will be held at the party office on saturday evening to discuss the results, sources said.
in contrast, samajwadi party, congress and bahujan samaj party offices in the state capital wore a deserted look with hardly any senior functionary in sight.
their leaders, however, said they were optimistic about their performance in the polls.
''the exit polls will again be proved wrong.
.
.
we have seen that happen in bihar assembly polls.
we are heading for a comfortable majority,'' said sp leader rajendra chaudhary.
of the eight exit polls aired on thursday, six said the bjp will be the single largest party but it will fall short of numbers to clear the 202 majority mark in uttar pradesh.
after legal notice, irani dares rahul to send her behind barsamethi, sep 20, 2015, (pti) 18:02 istunion minister smriti irani today dared rahul gandhi to send her to jail, a day after the congress served a legal notice on her over her land grab allegations against the rajiv gandhi trust, and vowed to speak for the people of amethi.
irani, who lost to rahul in his home turf here in the 2014 lok sabha elections, said some persons get disturbed by her visits here and asserted that she would not be cowed down by any legal notices.
some persons get disturbed with my amethi visits, said the hrd minister, in an apparent reference to the congress vice president.
if congress or rahul gandhi consider the women of this country 'abla' (weak), they should forget it.
i am not the one to get afraid with this and will continue to raise amethi's voice.
if rahul or congress have the courage then let them put me behind the bars.
i will not remain silent.
my relationship with amethi is not that of elections, the bjp leader said addressing a gathering after distributing saplings at shivdulari mahila mahavidyalaya at gungvaj village here.
the uttar pradesh unit of congress served the legal notice to her in delhi for alleging that the rajiv gandhi charitable trust had grabbed land of farmers in amethi, terming it as false and malicious.
asking the union minister to cease and desist from making any such imputations against the party, congress said it will have no option but to pursue appropriate legal remedies, both civil and criminal, if she failed to do so.
yesterday, an advocate came to my delhi residence when i was busy in a meeting.
he has given a notice that he will take legal action against me if i make any comment against rahul gandhi or the nehru-gandhi family in amethi, irani said.
a few banners were put up at the programme site against rahul, the amethi mp, but they were removed soon.
meanwhile, soon after irani concluded her speech, around 150 siksha mitras(contractual teachers) sitting in the gathering started raising slogans.
the minister assured from the dais that she had requested the state government to provide details related to siksha mitras to the centre.
once the details are received, the centre would take appropriate step, she said.
till the state government sends the report, we are not in a position to do anything on this issue.
i can only say that i will try my level best to protect the interests of siksha mitras, she said.
however, even after the assurance, the siksha mitras gheraoed the minister when she came down from the dais.
around 1.
72 lakh siksha mitras in uttar pradesh have been agitating since their job regularisation was quashed by the high court.
meanwhile, union minister and senior bjp leader ravishankarprasad prasad said the samrat cycle issue is shrouded in mystery and asserted that the reply to notice will further expose congress' weaknesses.
smriti ji is capable of responding to the notice.
due reply will be given to the notice.
it will further expose their (congress') weaknesses, he said when asked, during a press conference at bjp headquarters, to comment on the notice.
shanta kumar wants 'lokpal' in bjpbjpnew delhi: july 21, 2015, dhns: 0:21 istin a sign of discontent in the bjp, senior leader shanta kumar has dropped a letter bomb to party chief amit shah, demanding a 'lokpal' in the party to tackle corruption cases like vyapam which has made all of us bow our heads in shame.
the embarrassed bjp, however, snubbed kumar, with union minister rajiv pratap rudy arguing that former himachal pradesh chief minister got carried away by congress propaganda.
we generally consider shanta kumar a very mature leader.
but it seems that he has been carried away by the propaganda of the congress.
whatever he has said or written, we completely disassociate with kumar's version, rudy said.
rudys colleague ravishankarprasad prasad said that since the letter was addressed to party president, it was for amit shah to respond but  i would have felt happy had he talked about virbhadra singhs involvement in scams as well.
nda meeting cancelled in biharpatna, june 25, 2012, dhns: 1:42 istamid the growing uneasiness between the janata dal-u (jd-u) and bharatiya janata party (bjp) , the scheduled meeting of national democratic alliance (nda) leaders here on monday has been called off.
nda meeting takes place on last monday of every month, where workers and leaders from both parties air their grievances in the presence of the chief minister and other ministers.
but mondays meeting was cancelled despite chief minister nitish kumar being in town.
this was apparently done to soothe the frayed tempers.
however, the chief ministers secretariat explained that since nitish was supposed to meet the deputy chairperson of the planning commission in new delhi on tuesday, he was busy interacting with various heads of the department in the state capital.
since bihar is mulling over the proposal to increase its plan size from rs 24,000 crore to rs 28,000 crore, a lot of leg work had to be done before the chief minister leaves for delhi for a scheduled planning commission meeting on tuesday, a source close to nitish kumar told deccan herald on monday.
but party leaders from both camps insisted that the chasm between the jd (u) and the bjp had widened so much that time was needed to cool down the tempers.
the diametrically opposite stand of both the parties over their support to the presidential nominees, followed by brouhaha over the next prime minister has done enough damage to the ruling coalition.
we need some breathing space before facing each other, said a senior bjp minister.
on his part, nitish convened a meeting of his party spokespersons and counselled them not to launch a fresh offensive against the bjp.
jd(u) spokesperson and rajya sabha member shivanand tiwary had blasted senior bjp leader ravishankarprasad prasad and said even if he (ravi shankar) was made the finance minister, the economic condition of the country would not have improved much.
tiwary had made the observation while defending the partys support to mukherjee in the race for raisina hill.
trai tells telcos to address call drops in 15 daysnew delhi, sep 10, 2015, dhns 0:23 istregulator says it will take action if things don't improveasking telecom operators to take immediate steps to address the problems of call drops, the telecom regulatory authority of india (trai) said on wednesday that their performance would be reviewed after 15 days.
trai chairman r s sharma, who chaired meeting of ceos of telecom operators here, said, i have told them after 15 days we will have another test drive in the city of mumbai and delhi and we will also have data relating to other places.
so we will measure if there is any improvement in the situation or not.
if the situation did not improve, train will step in and take action, he added.
the industry leaders present in the meeting included bharti airtels gopal vittal, gurdeep singh of reliance communications and idea cellular's himanshu kapania, among others.
on the issue of radiation fears, sharma said the regulator will work with the concerned authorities and help spread the message that fear of radiation from tower causing health hazards like cancer is completely misplaced.
asked if penal measures will be taken if the operators did not show improvement in their networks, sharma said trai will cross the bridge if required.
sharma said the basic issue raised during the meeting was that call drops have become common and must be addressed.
separately, telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad also said that the government is presently not thinking of imposing any penalty, but that option cannot be ruled out if the situation does not improve.
the minister said the government is continuously doing whatever is required at the its end and the operators should also to do their bit.
terrorism has thrown a big challenge to humanity: modinew delhi, mar 26, 2017 (pti) 19:27 istprime minister narendra modi addresses an event organised at the residence of union i & b minister m venkaiah naidu on the occasion of telugu new year 'ugadi' in new delhi on sunday.
pti phototerrorism has thrown a big challenge to humanity and people should draw inspiration from ancient scriptures to take on the menace, prime minister narendra modi said today.
terrorism has gripped the entire world.
it has thrown a challenge to humanity.
if we try to analyse incidents mentioned in ancient scriptures and set those in the present context, i would say that jatayu was the first to fight against terrorism.
he gave the message of fearlessness, he said.
in epic ramayana, jatayu, a vulture, had valiantly tried to rescue sita when she was being kidnapped by ravana, sacrificing his life in the process.
the prime minister said jatayu sacrificed his life taking on a strong man to defend the dignity of a woman.
jatayu's fight gives us the inspiration to take on terrorism.
it also gives the message to live for humanity, he said.
modi was addressing a gathering at the residence of union minister m venkaiah naidu here to celebrate ugadi, the telugu and kannada new year day.
referring to different languages and cultures in the country, modi said various states should ensure cultural exchanges between people.
haryana and telangana have already signed an agreement in this regard.
he said cultural exchanges and quiz competitions can be organised to spread culture and language of one state in the other.
modi said diversity of india was both its identity and strength.
the prime minister, while greeting the nation on ugadi, said the festivals are a reflection of changing facets of nature and are linked to culture and traditions.
citing the 'ek bharat, shreshth bharat' initiative of his government, modi said it would enable the coming generations to understand the cultural diversity of different states.
this would strengthen the feeling of oneness and unity amongst all indians, modi said, as he called upon states to collaborate with each other in promoting the uniqueness of their respective cultures and traditions.
greeting people on the occasion, naidu said the day heralds the beginning of the new year and good days will turn into even better days under modi.
he also said that unity of the country is in its diversity.
achche din have come and aur bhi achche din aane wale hain desh mein (good days have come and even better days will come) under narendra modi's leadership, he said.
naidu said ugadi would bring prosperity and growth to the country under the leadership of modi.
the function was attended by lok sabha speaker sumitra mahajan, delhi lt governor anil baijal, minister of law and justice ravishankarprasad prasad and a host of union ministers.
artists from tamil nadu, karnataka, kerala, telangana and andhra pradesh gave cultural performances.
hindutva agenda is not an example of tolerance: opp to govtnew delhi, dec 11, 2015 (pti) 16:33 istthe left and congress today attacked the government on the issue of intolerance saying the hindutva agenda is not an example of tolerance and the country will not move forward with majoritarianism.
rejecting the charge, the government said tolerance is the essence of india's culture and values and the country belongs equally to hindus and muslims or any other religion.
it alleged that the so-called intellectuals with left ideology were giving lessons on intolerance as they were unable to digest bjp's victory.
congress and left claimed the bihar poll verdict was the result of the narendra modi government's skewed policies and a reverse wave has started against bjp, which rejected it saying the opposition is unable to digest its victory.
waves don't stop, they keep moving.
they have now started in the reverse against bjp.
narendra modi and bjp promised the moon to people of the country before polls and they are feeling cheated today as none of the promises were fulfilled, congress leader anand sharma said while participating in a debate on has modi wave waned?
at an 'agenda aajtak' event.
sharma also asked the government to hear out those who returned their awards over the issue of intolerance.
attacking the government, cpi(m) leader brinda karat said its policies were not right and it has been proved by the results of bihar assembly election and gujarat civic poll.
she alleged that the government's priorities do not include the poor and the marginalised.
if intolerance and majoritarianism is brought in, then how will india move forward.
you are not an example of tolerance.
your hindutva agenda is not an example of tolerance, she said.
citing the example of a question on intolerance asked to prime minister narendra modi at a press conference in london, she said, first time in decades the prime minister had to answer such a question at an international press conference.
countering them, union minister ravishankarprasad prasad attacked the so-called intellectuals with left leanings for tarnishing the country's image by raising the issue of intolerance.
tolerance is the very essence of india.
it is part of our culture and values.
this country belongs equally to hindus, muslims or christians or any other religion.
but suddenly so-called intellectuals are trying to tarnish india's image by talking of intolerance.
what worries us is that they are unable to digest our victory and that is why they are giving us lessons on intolerance, he said.
he added that earlier it was all parties against the congress, now all are against the bjp.
this is our victory, he said.
cong, bjp lock horns over ishrat affidavitsnew delhi, mar 1, 2016 (pti) 22:19 ista war of words broke out tonight over the alleged flip-flop on the affidavits in the ishrat jahan encounter case, with bjp accusing the congress of having attempted to frame narendra modi and amit shah in the sensational encounter killing and demanding a probe into the issue.
hitting back, congress charged the bjp with spreading flase propaganda merely to score political points and wondered if the modi government was intervening in the case to block the prosecution of guilty policemen.
the trigger for the battle was the interview by r v s mani, the then under secretary in the home ministry who had filed the two affidavits.
in the interview, mani alleged he was tortured to implicate senior ib officials in the case to project the encounter killing of ishrat and other three let terrorists in ahmedabad in 2004 as fake.
mani suggested that chidambaram was behind the decision to file the second affidavit.
he alleged that the then sit chief, a cbi official, was after him and an attempt was made to question the quality of professional inputs by the intelligence agencies on ishrat and other terrorists.
it also came on a day when two former home secretaries claimed the second affidavit was filed in the supreme court at the behest of the then home minister p chidambaram.
bjp called an emergency media briefing late in the evening and fielded telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad, who alleged that chidambaram did it on the directions of the congress high command to frame the then gujarat chief minister narendra modi and his ministerial colleague amit shah, who was then minister of state for home.
congress spokesman abhishek singhvi accused bjp of spreading a lie about american-pakistani terrorist david headley and said it was very unfortunate that the ruling party was resorting to false propaganda.
congress has never supported or opposed the guilt issue of ishrat jahan if established in a court of law or any procedure known to law.
if ib had intellignce inputs, ishrat jahan would have been prosecuted.
entire congress stand was that irrespective of guilt, a guilty person cannot be assassinated or liquidated without due process of law which is what happened in modi's autocratic rule in gujarat, he said.
insisting that india was a proud democracy where afzal guru and ajmal kasab face full trial upto the supreme court, he said police did not kill the parliament attack convict or the 26/11 perpetrator in a fake encounter.
the point being made is that after an enquiry the matter went to the ahmedabad metropoletan court during modi's rule and the court's probe found that it was a fake encounter, he said.
the then state government challenged it in high court but in vain, singhvi said.
prasad, on the other hand, sought to question the cbi probe into the alleged fake encounter, insisting the central government machinery was abused.
at a press conference at the bjp office, he cited the statements of pillai and mani to demand a probe.
singhvi said the affidavits only clarified that the guilt by ib was an input.
we have nothing to do with that.
if guilty, she will be punished.
but the fake encounter is not permitted.
he wondered if all this was being done because the modi governemnt wanted to stop the prosecution of guilty policemen.
is it intervening to lead to their acquittal?
new delhi, feb 25,2016, dhns: 0:16 isttelecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad on wednesday said one lakh gram panchayats will get optical fibre cable network by the end of this year.
the timeline for connecting 1 lakh gram panchayats (gps) with optical fibre cable (ofc) to provide broadband connectivity under phase 1 has been revised to december 31, 2016, minister said in a written reply to lok sabha.
under the national optical fibre network (nofn) project, the nda government had planned to connect 50,000 gps by march 2015, another 1 lakh by march 2016 and rest of the one lakh by december 2016.
considering the vastness of project execution, the very limited resources deployed by the institutions, time required for tendering, mobilisation of physical resources.
.
.
the time line for completion of nofn project could not be met, prasad said.
the government had approved nofn project worth around rs 20,100 crore in 2011 for facilitating at least 100 megabit per second bandwidth in all the estimated 2.
5 lakh gps.
centre bets $ billions on digital indiajune 28, 2015, new delhi, dhns 23:51 istthe centre is hoping to attract investments to the tune of billions of dollars during the digital india week which will be inaugurated by prime minister narendra modi on july 1.
though the government doesnt have exact figures on the expected investment, it will be to the tune of billions of dollars, telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad told reporters here.
prime minister narendra modi will present the nda governments roadmap for digitising india at the event which is expected to be attended by 10,000 guests.
the pm will also unveil various government schemes under the digital india programme like digital locker, eeduction, and ehealth during the event.
global business leaders like airbus india ceo peter gutsmiedl, ril chairman and md mukesh ambani, tata group chairman cyrus mistry, bharti enterprises chairman sunil bharti mittal, wipro chairman azim premji, reliance group chairman anil ambani, sterlite technologies chairman anil agarwal, adiya birla group chairman kumaramangalam birla, etc.
have confirmed their participation.
nidec corporation vice chairman mikio katayama, and delta electronics ceo ping cheng are among the overseas business leaders who have confirmed participation.
though the ministry also reached out to microsoft's bill gates and ceo satya nadella along with infosys co-founder n r narayana murthy, they will not be able to attend due to other engagements.
the digital india programme includes projects that aim to ensure government services are available to citizens electronically so that people benefit from the latest in information and communication technology.
the ministry of communications and it is the nodal agency.
during the digital india week, apart from the national launch by the pm, there will also be state-level events conducted in the presence of either chief ministers or high level dignitaries, an official statement said.
net neutrality report soontelecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad on saturday said the government will soon come out with its report on net neutrality and is also waiting for the report from the telecom regulatory authority of india (trai).
free national roaming by bsnlnew delhi, june 3, 2015, dhns: 1:57 isttelecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad on tuesday said that bharat sanchar nigam limited (bsnl) will offer its mobile service subscribers free incoming calls on roaming from june 15.
announcing this during a press conference, the minister said the state-run telecom firm is ready to compete with private companies by offering better services.
the announcement comes ahead of full mobile number portability (mnp), which will be effective july this year.
although there could be slight reduction in revenue on account of free incoming calls during roaming, we expect to gain first mover advantage and anticipate offsetting this amount by arresting churnout/porting out and acquiring new customers, bsnl cmd anupam shrivastava said.
however, free incoming calls will be offered for only one year.
the minister added that in 2004, bsnl made profits of rs 10,000 crore, and its loss stood at rs 7,500 crore in 2014 when the narendra modi government took over.
mtnl, he said, was in profit zone till 2008, but is now facing losses.
the minister said bsnls revenue went up 2.
1 per cent in 2014-15 and active subscribers rose 47 lakh.
political parties unite in hailing death penaltynew delhi, dh news service, may 6 2017, 2:11 istthe congress on friday welcomed the supreme court confirming the death sentence awarded to four convicts but said several similar incidents go unreported, reports dhns.
dh file photoan overwhelming majority of political leaders, even those opposed to death penalty, expressed happiness that justice had finally been served by sending the convicts in the december 2012 delhi gang-rape case to the gallows.
hailing the scs friday verdict, union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said it is a big day for the judiciary, which the entire nation was waiting for.
this is a big day for the indian judicial system.
i know this was a serious and sensitive issue for the entire nation.
i am very happy and satisfied with the courts verdict.
i wish her soul rests in peace, prasad said.
cpm leader brinda karat said she is against death penalty but the paramedics rape fell into the heinous crime category, which demanded maximum capital punishment.
i am against death penalty in principle because of the selective nature of judicial process in our country.
the court is diluting the maximum punishment and, therefore, the maximum punishment which has been given according to statute books is as it should be.
.
.
.
as far as the heinous crime is concerned the maximum punishment was needed.
certainly there was no issue at all, karat commented.
though congress spokesperson randeep surjwewala praised the apex court order as a deterrent to sexual predators, which would prevent them from even dreaming of committing such heinous crimes, he slammed the nda government for failing to create effective infrastructure to redress rape victims grievances despite having a rs 1,000 crore corpus for the purpose.
he quoted ncrb figures to stress that six women still undergo the trauma of rape in delhi every day.
bjp ally shiv sena also felt that the verdict will deter people from committing similar crimes.
maximum rape cases reported from bjp-ruled states, says congressthe congress on friday welcomed the supreme court confirming the death sentence awarded to four convicts but said several similar incidents go unreported, reports dhns.
congress senior spokesperson kapil sibal quoted from the national crime records bureau (ncrb) report to highlight the increase in crimes against women that have gone unreported.
in overall crimes against women, delhi is number one.
out of every one lakh women in delhi, 184 are subjected to some kind of attack.
at number two position is assam (148 per one lakh women), followed by telangana (83), odisha (81) and rajasthan (81), he said.
sibal said maximum cases of rape were reported in bjp-ruled states such as madhya pradesh (4,391), maharashtra (4,144) and rajasthan (3,644).
'ringing bells to face action if fails to deliver rs251 phone'new delhi, feb 23, 2016, (pti) 19:13 istthe government is monitoring ringing bells, which has announced launching the world's cheapest smartphone, and will take action if the company fails to deliver the rs 251 handset, telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad said today.
our ministry enquired into how prepared they (ringing bells) are, whether they can provide a phone for rs 251 or not.
whether they have the bis certificate or not, we have spoken to them, prasad told reporters here.
he added that this was done to ensure that there are no discrepancies later.
if there are any, we will take action as per the law.
our department is keeping a watch, he said.
a new entrant in the flourishing indian mobile handset market, ringing bells last week unveiled what is being touted as the world's cheapest smartphone.
however, concerns have been raised by the industry on feasibility of a 3g smartphone at such a low price.
ringing bells has said the manufacturing cost of the phone is about rs 2,500, which will be recovered through a series of measures like economies of scale, innovative marketing, reduction in duties and creating an e-commerce marketplace.
the i-t department is also looking into the financial structure of the company and has obtained documents, including those from the registrar of companies (roc), in this regard.
a series of complaints were made to the telecom ministry against the company.
apart from bjp mp kirit somaiya, the indian cellular association (representative of mobile handset manufacturers) had also approached the ministry asking it to get into depth of the issue.
they said the price of the device with the said specifications could not be below rs 3,500 even after a subsidised sale.
there was also a controversy around the noida-based firm showcasing a rival company adcom's handset as its own.
despite the controversies, ringing bells managed to received over 6 crore registrations in two days.
sc verdict: govt puts a posernew delhi, jul 13, 2016 (pti) 16:14 istthe government today said it will do a structured examination of the supreme court order restoring the dismissed congress government in arunachal pradesh and its implications before making a detailed response.
however, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad put a poser over developments in the state after december 15, including the withdrawal of the president's rule and kalikho pul proving his majority subsequently in the assembly following the legislative procedures and forming the government.
the apex court had ordered that status quo ante as prevailed on december 15, 2015 be restored in arunachal pradesh assembly.
the judgement is seen as a major setback to the central government and the bjp, which is extending outside support to the pul government.
we are yet to get the order.
we will study it in detail.
.
.
and then make structured response.
we will do a structured examination of the order.
it requires detailed consideration, prasad told reporters at the cabinet briefing.
we will carefully study the judgement and its implications, he said.
attacking congress over its criticism of the centre in the light of the court's order, prasad said he feels like laughing to hear sermons on democracy from it.
patna, jun 17, 2015 (pti) 18:45 istit will be two muslim girls, who will impart yoga lessons to bjp president amit shah at the moinul haq stadium grounds here on june 21 on the occasion of the international yoga day.
rukhsana khatoon and bismillah khatoon will teach yoga to shah, other prominent persons including union ministers and those who will come to attend the camp on the occasion, bihar-jharkhand patanjali yogpeeth in-charge ajit kumar told pti.
the two teenaged girls hailing from lal saraiyan village in majhauliya block of west champaran district of bihar have been chosen to demonstrate 'yogasanas' and 'pranayam' as they were adept in them, he said.
both the girls are highly skilled in yoga, and have represented india at international competitions and camps including those in australia and south africa.
yoga doesn't differentiate between human beings on the basis of religion, he said.
apart from shah, several union ministers from bihar - communications and it minister ravishankarprasad prasad, agriculture minister radha mohan singh, skill development and entrepreneurship minister rajiv pratap rudy, drinking water, sanitation minister ram kripal yadav and msme minister giriraj singh - are expected to attend the yoga camp to be organised by patanjali yogpeeth, an organisation started by yoga guru baba ramdev.
shah, who was advised by bihar chief minister nitish kumar to practise yoga, and the other vvips at the camp will be taught a special exercise module consisting of simple yoga postures like 'bhadrasana', 'tadasana', 'bakasana' and 'shavasana'.
they will also be imparted lessons in 'nadishodhan', 'kapalbhati' and 'bhramari' varieties of 'pranayam', he said, adding, this module is a simple one meant for beginners but has a great curative and calming effect.
he said the camp will start at 6 am but its most important part will be from 7 am to 7:33 am, the 33 minute-period mandated by the un as the time when yoga will be practised across the globe.
the dignitaries will be present at the function during this time.
nehru yuva kendra, art of living and a few other institutions are helping organise the event here.
kumar said over 20,000 persons are expected attend the camp, of which around 8,000 will do so on the stadium ground, while the rest will practise at the stands.
new delhi, sep 16, 2015 (pti) 17:45 ista controversy erupted today over the decision to discontinue postage stamps of indira and rajiv gandhi with the government saying only one family can not get this honour, even as the congress termed the move as insult to the history and demanded an apology.
defending the move, communications minister ravishankarprasad prasad also said that an advisory committee has suggested to replace the picture of indira gandhi with that of yoga on inland letters, but no final decision has been taken as yet.
prasad said a decision has been taken on advice of the philatelic advisory committee to issue definitive series of stamps in the honour of shyama prasad mukherjee, deen dayal upadhyay, netaji subhash chandra bose, sardar patel, shivaji, maulana azad, bhagat singh, jp narayan, ram manohar lohia, vivekananda and maharana pratap.
in the definitive stamp series, the focus was (so far) on one family.
.
.
though other names were there.
mahatma gandhi was there, maulana azad was there.
dr ambedkar was there.
dr bhabha was there, he said.
the minister said the new series is inclusive and seeks to encapsule the contribution of all the leading lights of the freedom movement including jawaharlal nehru.
defending the decision to drop stamps on former prime ministers indira and rajiv gandhi stamps, prasad said the government believes that whoever has contributed in making of india, irrespective of the ideology, should be honoured and postage stamp is a symbol of that honour.
we feel that this right should not belong to only one family, he added.
reacting sharply, congress said the decision shows a very narrow mindset and demanded an apology from the government.
we condemn the approach and attitude of this government towards gandhis who have sacrificed a lot for the nation.
it is an insult to history, congress party's senior spokesperson anand sharma told reporters here.
prasad, on his part said, we have been most liberal and understanding in giving due recognition to people of different ideology and approaches.
all of them (who figure in the new series) have contributed in a very significant way to make modern india.
he further said four commemorative stamps have been issued so far in memory of indira gandhi, two in the name of rajiv gandhi and seven times on nehru.
we need to ponder why so many commemorative stamps have been issued in memory of members of one family, he added.
on definitive series stamps, prasad said till now nehru has figured eight times and he is still there.
the definitive stamps are being issued on indira gandhi and rajiv gandhi since 2008.
congress party has been in power for so many years, but maulana azad has not figured in definitive stamp till date.
i would like to ask congress if maulana azad did not deserve to be included in definitive stamp.
.
.
dr rajendra prasad, swami vivekananda.
.
.
sardar patel figured once in 2001 than disappeared, prasad said.
congress party is making issue out of it, so we want to officially clarify.
when prime minister narendra modi says 'sabka saath sab ka vikas' it means who all have contributed for the country, whatever their ideology was, we will honour all and not only one family, he added.
postal stamps will be also be issued in rabindranath tagore, mohd rafi, hemanta kumar, mukesh, talat mahmood, manna dey, rabindranath tagore, and renowned artists, like ustad bismillah khan, pt ravishankarprasad , m s subbulakshmi.
stamps will also be issued in memory to freedom fighters like chandra shekhar azad and bal gangadhar tilak, he said.
this shows the diversity of the country.
.
.
why congress is worried.
have we removed jawaharlal nehru.
do the congress people want to see the country through only one lens.
we don't want to see this.
this is the fundamental difference.
congress should tell, was sardar patel not of congress, was maulana azad not of congress, nehru is there.
dr b r ambedkar is there.
we have also added yoga, prasad said.
he said the government wants to depict the diversity of the country on postal stamps.
he also added the decision is not caste in stone and would be reviewed periodically.
campaigning for first phase polling in jharkhand endsranchi, nov 23, 2014, ians: 18:13 istcongress chief sonia gandhi addressed two election rallies in jharkhand sunday, the last day of campaigning for the first phase of polls in the state.
besides sonia gandhi, her son and party vice president rahul gandhi also addressed two rallies saturday.
polling will be held in the state in five phases.
in the first phase nov 25, voting will be held for 13 of the 81 seats.
prime minister narendra modi and several central ministers such as rajnath singh, ravishankarprasad prasad and piyush goyal held poll rallies.
bharatiya janata party's (bjp) national president amit shah had kicked off the party campaign.
congress's alliance partner rashtriya janata dal (rjd) also left no stone unturned as party chief lalu prasad addressed five public meetings.
the bjp and the congress are expected to battle it out in the first phase.
the ruling jharkhand mukti morcha (jmm) will also try to open its account.
at present, it holds no seat from these 13 constituencies.
around 33.
56 lakh voters will decide the fate of 199 candidates who are in the fray.
the constituencies are spread across six maoist-affected districts.
in the first phase, electors will vote at 3,939 polling booths.
the polling time is 7 a.
m.
to 3 p.
m.
among the prominent candidates are jharkhand rural development minister k.n. tripathi, congress's state president sukhdeo bhagat, and former minister and janata dal-united candidate sudha chowdhary.
governor-cm tiff reaches flashpointlast updated: 18 january, 2011new delhi/bangalore: , jan 18, dhns: 12:46 istyeddyurappa to meet president on january 24karnataka governor h r bhardwaj and the bjp government headed by chief minister b s yeddyurappa are heading for a showdown with the ruling party deciding to move rashtrapati bhavan for the immediate recall of the governor.
the chief minister, accompanied by ministers and mps, has planned to meet president pratibha patil on january 24.
as the confrontation between the chief minister and the governor threatens to reach rashtrapati bhavan, the party central leadership has decided to stand by yeddyurappa.
the chief minister, who rushed to delhi on tuesday met senior lawyers arun jaitely and ram jethmalani and discussed the legal implications of the developments.
i have discussed all issues with the central leadership.
i will hold an emergency cabinet meeting at 11 am on wednesday and will place the issues i have discussed here, the chief minister told reporters after meeting jaitely.
the cabinet meeting, which will be the second one in less than 24 hours, is likely to discuss the recall of the governor and his alleged interference in the functioning of the government.
a visibly tense chief ministerupset over the governors reported statement that he is studying the petition to grant prosecution in connection with land denotification scam also met party chief spokesperson and senior advocate ravishankarprasad prasad.
the chief minister had earlier announced that he would lead a march to rashtrapati bhavan in protest against the governors alleged misuse of powers to destabilise his government.
later, he abandoned the plan at the behest of the party leadership.
the chief minister was accompanied by his ministerial colleagues s suresh kumar, v s acharya, r ashok and basavaraj bommai.
two karnataka high court advocates had given a petition to the governor seeking permission to prosecute the chief minister and ashok over the alleged illegal land denotification and allotment scam.
the governor had said that he was studying the petition and would take a decision soon.
before leaving for delhi, yeddyurappa had challenged opposition parties to come for a debate on the land scam issue at the banquet hall of vidhana soudha, and charged them with conspiring to impose presidents rule on the state.
he said people of the state were aware why leaders of the congress and jd(s) often visited raj bhavan.
a conspiracy is being hatched to impose presidents rule on the state, he alleged.
he said he would not be cowed down by such moves.
i will go for elections only after completing my full term.
charges being made by the opposition parties are totally baseless.
land scam is a baby nurtured by the jd(s) in the state, he charged.
meanwhile, the governor reiterated on tuesday that he would decide soon the plea seeking his consent to prosecute yeddyurappa over land scams.
speaking to mediapersons at raj bhavan, bhardwaj said the advocates petition was under his consideration.
when his attention was drawn to the bjp appeal to the president to recall him, the governor said he would go to delhi if he was asked to do so.
yeddy confident of being reinstated after meeting gadkarinew delhi, mar 22, 2012 (pti) 18:42 istformer karnataka chief minister b s yeddyurappa, insisting on his reinstatement, today expressed happiness over his meeting with bjp president nitin gadkari and said he was confident the party leadership will take the right decision.
emerging from a long meeting with gadkari and central leaders including general secretaries ravishankarprasad prasad, dharmendra pradhan and ramlal, yeddyurappa said, i am happy with the outcome of the meeting.
.
.
i am confident that party president and the party will take the right decision in the interest of the party and the people of karnataka.
yeddyurappa claimed that gadkari had conveyed to him that he will take an appropriate decision in the light of his request that he be reinstated as chief minister after the karnataka high court gave him a clean chit in a graft case.
the lingayat leader met gadkari after his successor to the post of chief minister d v sadananda gowda and state unit president k eshwarappa had met the party president.
significantly, while gowda unilaterally announced to the media that he had been assured by the party high command that there will be no change of leadership at present in karnataka government, yeddyurappa was accompanied by pradhan who is in-charge of the state when he made his statement.
party sources said yeddyurappa has been asked to have patience for some more time.
the central leadership wants the on-going biennial rajya sabha polls to get over on march 30.
gadkari will take an appropriate decision in consultation with the central leadership.
he has also advised all parties concerned to maintain strict party discipline, prasad said.
new delhi, feb 10, 2015, (ians) 20:06 istthe following are a few quotes by politicians after the announcement of results of the delhi assembly election:narendra modi (prime minister): spoke to arvind kejriwal and congratulated him on the win.
assured him centre's complete support in the development of delhi.
arvind kejriwal (aam aadmi party chief): this is a victory of people.
this is a victory of truth and honesty.
sonia gandhi (congress president): spoke to kejriwal and congratulated him on the party's victory.
rahul gandhi (congress vice president): my congratulations to arvind kejriwal and the aam aadmi party on their victory.
the people of delhi have chosen the aam aadmi party and we respect that.
i wish kejriwal and his team the very best.
ravi shankar prasad (bjp leader and communications minister): we accept our massive defeat.
the party will think over it.
kiran bedi (bjp leader): full marks to arvind.
congratulations.
now take delhi to the heights it belongs to.
make it a world class city.
ajay maken (congress leader): we want to congratulate kejriwal and hope the promises he has made and the dreams he has outlined, he will fulfil them in delhi.
for strengthening of democracy, i hope that he will fulfil his promises.
anna hazare (social activist): this was expected.
the result is a defeat for narendra modi.
kejriwal must not forget the anti-corruption crusade and should work for public benefit.
he must avoid his past mistakes and work with simplicity.
uddhav thackeray (shiv sena president): this is a great day for democracy.
it was not just a wave.
it was a tsunami which swept delhi.
i agree with hazare's view that this is a defeat for modi, not (kiran) bedi.
akhilesh yadav (uttar pradesh chief minister): congratulations to aap, good wishes for the new aap government.
omar abdullah (former jammu and kashmir chief minister): wow, well done delhi and well done aam aadmi party.
good luck to arvind kejriwal for the next 5 years.
mufti muhammad sayeed (pdp leader): the delhi elections have asserted the diversity of our country and the need to respect it which the bjp should learn not to ignore.
mamata banerjee (west bengal chief minister): this is a victory for the people and a big defeat for the arrogant and those who are doing political vendetta and spreading hate among people.
nitish kumar (janata dal-united leader): people want development with justice.
they never accept arrogance.
this is reflected in the aap's victory in delhi.
oommen chandy (kerala chief minister): the traditional congress vote has gone to the aap and what happened was there was a strong anti-bjp wave in delhi.
k.
chandrasekhar rao (telangana chief minister): the results showed that people want a corruption-free and transparent governance.
v.s. achuthanandan (former kerala chief minister): this is because of a strong stand taken by the people against the anti-people policies of the arrogant modi's autocratic style of ignoring the people.
jaitley asks gandhis to answer courtnew delhi: dec 8, 2015, dhns: 0:33 istrejecting the congresss charge of the government unleashing a political vendetta through the national herald case, finance minister arun jaitley said it is the court that has summoned sonia gandhi and her son rahul.
he also said that the nda government was ready for any discussion on the serious charges to put the facts before parliament.
this government has not done any illegal action against anyone.
.
.
.
in case of congress leaders, it is not the action of the government but that of the judiciary.
.
.
.
court has summoned them and not the government.
give your reply to them, jaitley told the rajya sabha, while countering the congresss charges of their leaders being targeted for raising questions against the centre.
after the house was adjourned on the issue, jaitley commented that the gandhis should face the courts since india is not a banana republic where parliament or media can decide guilt or innocence in legal matters.
no political vendetta.
a private complaint was lodged.
government had nothing to do with it.
the high court has dismissed their case and asked them to go and face trial.
nobody in this country has immunity from law.
they can challenge the orders in a higher court or face proceedings, he said.
realising that the government may have to forgo another session without passing the gst bill, the bjp fielded telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad to corner the congresss first family on corruption.
on congress president drawing indira gandhis legacy to say that she is not scared of anyone, the minister said, anyone may be daughter-in-law but that does not make any difference for the courts.
parliamentary affairs minister m venkaiah naidu charged the congress of raising such issues since it does not want parliament to function.
aap, bjp trade barbsnew delhi, dec 15, 2015, dhns: 2:01 istthe aam aadmi party (aap) and the bjp exchanged barbs over the cbi raids in the chief ministers office (cmo) at the delhi secretariat on tuesday.
the bjp sought an apology from the aap for using unparliamentary language against prime minister narendra modi but the aap said the bjp-led centre should apologise for its acts first.
the aap said the raid was the first step by modi towards dislodging the arvind kejriwal government.
when modi couldnt handle me politically, he resorts to this cowardice, tweeted chief minister arvind kejriwal.
modi is a coward and a psychopath, kejriwal further tweeted.
minister for communications and information technology ravishankarprasad prasad said that kejriwal should apologise for blaming the centre for the raid.
deputy chief minister manish sisodia said: if centre will apologise fir its acts we will apologise for our language.
leader of the opposition in the delhi assembly vijender gupta said the chief minister is making an issue out of nothing.
he (kejriwal) should cooperate in the fight against corruption.
the cbi officials are doing their job and the aap government should support them, gupta said.
isps ask govt to name specific websites to be unblockednew delhi, aug 5, 2015, (pti) 18:56 istamid a raging controversy over ban on 857 websites, internet service providers today refused to implement the government order for unblocking sites without child pornography unless they are given a specific list.
putting the onus on the government for identifying the specific websites to be unblocked, the internet service providers (isps) told the department of telecom they do not have any mechanism to filter out such portals on their own.
amid a huge uproar on social media and other platforms after a ban was imposed on july 31 to block 857 pornographic and humour websites, the government yesterday reviewed its direction and restricted the ban to the sites with child pornography.
we submit that direction given above is very vague and un-implementable, as isps have no way or mechanism to filter out child pornographic from urls and further unlimited sub links of the said urls in different-different name, internet service providers association of india (ispai) president rajesh chharia said in a letter to telecom secretary rakesh garg.
isps said that they cannot monitor each and every website and check the portal from uploading any child pornographic content.
.
.
we are totally against online child pornography as well as abuse on women.
we would continue to adhere to the practice of providing urls to be blocked as per list provided by the licensing authority, ispai said.
the internet industry body requested government to withdraw the order and issue a fresh order with list of specific web-links to be blocked in this regard.
as such we will request to provide specific urls to be blocked/disabled to all isps.
the isps don't have mechanism to check the content, as the same is dynamic in nature, hence we request your good self to advise us immediately the further course of action in this regard, ispai said.
despite the ban, some websites were accessible on the network of some internet service providers.
after drawing flak from public for blocking 857 porn websites, telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad yesterday said isps would be immediately asked not to block those sites which do not contain any child pornographic material.
later on tuesday, an order by the department of telecom said, the intermediaries (isps) are hereby directed that they are free not to disable any of the 857 urls, as given in the list, which do not have child pornographic content.
new delhi, mar 7, 2017 (pti) 16:07 istthe indian government has conveyed its concerns at a 'very senior level' in the us administration on the move to curb h-1b visa processing, law and it minister ravishankarprasad prasad today said.
i think our concerns at a very senior level has already been conveyed to the government of usa.
i would not like to get into the details except that indian it companies are giving good value addition to us companies, prasad told reporters on the sidelines of icegov conference in response to a question on recent developments.
the us had last week said it will be temporarily suspending premium processing of h-1b visas from april 3, eliminating the option of shorter waiting period for the programme that helps highly skilled foreigners work at american firms.
under the current system, companies submitting applications for h-1b visas for potential employees can pay an additional sum for expedited service, which is known as premium processing.
the temporary suspension could last up to six months, according to the us citizenship and immigration services (uscis).
h-1b visas are widely used by indian it majors.
premium processing costs an additional usd 1,225 and ensures a response from the uscis within 15 days or the fee is refunded.
processing of standard h-1b applications takes between 3 and 6 months.
prasad said that the indian it companies are servicing more than 75 per cent of fortune 500 companies.
they are making them more competitive and giving them extraordinary value addition.
i am given to understand that they have paid around usd 20 billion tax revenue in last 5 years.
they have created 4,00,000 jobs, not only in america but other parts of the world.
indian it companies and it professionals are giving lot of opening to american companies in india, prasad said.
he also said that the whole it movement in the world is based on sharing and reciprocity.
on recent reports of misuse of aadhaar data, prasad said that the unique id is completely safe and secure and that some people were trying to play mischief in a sponsored manner against whom police have taken action.
new delhi, mar 20, 2017, (pti) 12:36 istopposition congress today pressed for expeditiously taking up of its substantive motion on the conduct of the governors of goa and manipur in not calling the single largest party to form government after the assembly elections.
raising the issue, digvijaya singh (cong) said he has moved a substantive motion under rule 168 on the conduct of governors and wanted to know when it will be taken up.
deputy chairman p j kurien said the notice has been received and it is under consideration.
as and when chairman decides on the admissibility, you will be intimated, he said.
he said democracy is murdered as the governors called bjp, the second largest party, to form governments.
the conduct of the governors, he said, has gone against the established practice and constitutional propriety and urged that his motion be taken up expdeditiously, otherwise the urgency is lost.
the congress was the single largest party in both goa and manipur and had the first right of refusal in forming the government, he said.
singh had on friday moved a notice under rule 267 seeking suspension of business to discuss the happenings in goa but the chair had ruled that the conduct of governor can only be discussed under a substantive motion.
anand sharma (cong) charged the bjp of committing theft (of mandate) by deceit.
law and it minister ravishankarprasad prasad however said the phrase murder of democracy should not go on record, a plea which was vehemently opposed by the congress and other opposition parties including left.
murder of democracy is not an unparliamentary phrase and it cannot be expunged, said tapan sen (cpi-m).
prasad said the in-house problems of congress party should not be shifted to the governor.
sharad yadav (jd-u) also supported the demand for early consideration of the motion saying an impression has been given that when the issue first figured in the house on thursday and friday, it would be taken up on monday.
if a notice is given, there is a procedure.
chairman has to examine its admissibility, kurien said adding he will convey the feelings of the members about the urgency for a discussion to the chairman.
minister of state for parliamentary affairs mukhtar abbas naqvi said the chairman will have to decide if such a motion is to be admitted and, if admitted, under what rule.
jairman ramesh (cong) gave an acronym of modi, which was immediately expunged from the records.
when leader of the opposition ghulam nabi azad said the motion should be taken up for discussion at 2 pm today, kurien said a decision on the admissibility of the motion will be conveyed as early as possible.
ringing bells under i-t lensnew delhi, feb 21, 2016, dhns: 1:36 istclose on the heels of minister ravishankarprasad prasad seeking a report from the telecom ministry on ringing bells credentials, the company has come under the scanner of excise and income tax (i-t) departments.
according to sources, the i-t department is looking into the financial structure of the noida-based company and has obtained documents, including those from the registrar of companies (roc).
yes, there was a visit from excise department and i-t department officials.
since we are planning to achieve milestones under make in india, skill india and startup india, they issued us some guidelines for future and extended full support and cooperation, ringing bells president ashok chaddha said.
meanwhile, the noida-based company closed the booking for its freedom 251 phone, which is dubbed as world cheapest handset, citing heavy demand.
the company said it received 3.
7 crore registrations on day 1 and 2.
47 crore on day 2.
announcing the closure of booking, the company said: we are humble and extremely grateful for your overwhelming response and trust.
respectfully, this is to advise that the response far exceeds the number that we had expected and therefore, we are now closing the invitation to bookings in phase 1.
freedom 251 has been in the news globally for several reasons.
there were allegations the company had showcased a rival company, adcoms handset, as its own.
also, icons on the device looked similar to that of global technology giant, apple.
chaddha also clarified that it wanted to show a sample or prototype of what the handsets will look like.
this is not the final piece.
in view of the shortage of time and given that these were to serve only as prototypes to a limited list of persons, we went ahead.
we would clearly mention that the final freedom 251 manufactured/assembled in india would be to identical specs - i.
e.
no change, he added.
with the mobile industry members have also complained against the company to the telecom ministry, the government has sought a clarification from ringing bells for marketing its mobile phone without a bis (bureau of indian standards) certification and has also asked the uttar pradesh government to check the firms credentials.
new delhi, dh news service, apr 21 2017, 2:17 istthe central government may not have interfered in the cbis plea against l k advani and others in supreme court but the bjp defended them as they face criminal conspiracy charges in the babri mosque demolition case.
union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad defended party leaders like l k advani, murli manohar joshi, uma bharti and vinay katiyar, who will now have to face probe for being party to a criminal conspiracy to demolish the babri mosque on december 6, 1992.
kalyan singh, however, has got temporary relief owing to immunity he enjoys as rajasthan governor.
the party is sure of innocence of its leaders.
but, law will take its own course, said prasad, who was earlier lawyer of lord ram in the case.
hours after wednesday's sc verdict, union minister arun jaitley had ruled out resignation of his ministerial colleague uma bharti.
the saffron-clad minister herself was rather proud and unapologetic about her role in the ramjanambhoomi movement.
but advani and joshi refused to react to the apex court turning down their plea against cbi's stand for reviving criminal conspiracy charges against all the accused in the case.
late in the evening, joshi drove down to meet advani at the latter's residence to discuss the fallout of the court's order.
party sources said the cbi could not have changed its stand taken in 2011 before the rae bareli court for reviving conspiracy charges against all the accused.
now there will be joint trial in lucknow of karsevaks and the leaders.
even at the bjp's core group meeting with prime minister narendra modi on wednesday evening, there was broad consensus that the accused leaders should face trial and get acquitted, said party sources.
a general secretary of the bjp said the senior leaders can still seek legal remedy against sc's order, which allows the cbi to start probe to prove that the accused were part of a conspiracy hatched to bring down the disputed structure more than two decades ago.
bjp leader vinay katiyar, meanwhile, added fuel to fire by seemingly seconding rjd leader lalu yadav's statement that the sc verdict was part of modi's conspiracy to remove advani from the presidential race.
uma calls for consensusunion water resources minister uma bharti, who will now have to face criminal conspiracy probe in babri mosque demolition case, on thursday said there was no need for another ram temple movement as the issue of birth place of lord ram has been settled, dhns reports from new delhi.
the only matter that remains is to build a grand temple there, she said in an interview to a television channel.
ringing bells freedom 251 smartphone launched at just rs 251new delhi, feb 18, 2016, (pti) 11:42 ista new entrant in the indian mobile handset market ringing bells has unveiled what is being touted as the world's cheapest smartphone -- for rs 251 -- but has also raised concerns in the industry on feasibility of offering such a low price.
the noida-based firm, set up five months ago by amity university graduate mohit kumar goel, launched the freedom 251 at a high-profile function last night, attended by bjp veteran murli manohar joshi.
defence minister manohar parikkar, who the company had said would launch the phone, could not make it due to cabinet meeting, the event's organisers said.
ringing bells' president ashok chaddha said manufacturing cost of the phone is about rs 2,500, which will be recovered through a series of measures like economies of scale, innovative marketing, reduction in duties and creating an e-commerce marketplace.
by going for made in india components, we can save on the 13.
8 per cent duty.
also, we will be selling online first and thus save the costs incurred on large distribution network, he said.
chaddha also rejected speculations of the handset being subsidised by the government.
the phone will be manufactured in noida and uttaranchal.
two plants will be set up for rs 250 crore each with a capacity of 5 lakh phones.
the money will come in the form of debt and equity (1.
5:1), he said.
chaddha added the equity is being met by the promoter family of the company that is engaged in agri-commodities business in uttar pradesh but declined to give further information.
sunit singh tuli, the ceo of datawind that produced the usd 35 akash tablet for government a few years back, said a 3g device with the specs offered would cost almost eight times higher than what's being offered.
the industry has also raised concerns about the pricing of the device and has asked telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad to get into depth of the issue, saying the price could not be below rs 3,500 even after a subsidised sale.
in a letter to the minister, indian cellular association (ica) also said it is not appropriate for senior political and government leadership to be present at launch till the air around this is cleared.
for your kind information, the bill of material value for a product like this when sourced from the cheapest supply chain cost approx usd 40 (rs 2,700).
and this when translated into retail price after addition of applicable duties, taxes and with distribution and retail margins would be at least rs 4,100 while the product is being sold at rs 251, ica national president pankaj mohindroo said in the letter.
he added even if the product is sold at lower margins in a e-commerce type subsidised sale, the final consumer price cannot come below usd 52-55 (about rs 3,500-3,800).
also, with no visible mobile operator subsidy involved in this, the price does look difficult to offer.
the 3g handset, freedom 251, features a 4-inch display, spectrum 1.
3-ghz quad-core processor and 1 gb ram.
it will come with apps linked to government initiatives like swachh bharat, women safety, fisherman, farmer and medical.
no serious impact in india due to ransomware: govtpress trust of india, new delhi, may 15 2017, 18:44 istit minister ravishankarprasad prasad said the systems run by the national informatics centre were secured and running smoothly.
file photothe government today said there was no serious impact in the country due to a global ransomware cyber attack, except for a few isolated incidents in kerala and andhra pradesh.
it minister ravishankarprasad prasad said the systems run by the national informatics centre were secured and running smoothly.
there is no major impact in india unlike other countries.
we are keeping a close watch.
as per the information received so far, there have been isolated incidents in limited areas in kerala and andhra pradesh, prasad told reporters here.
india is on high alert, monitoring critical networks across sectors like banking, telecom, power and aviation to ensure that systems are protected in the wake of reports of possible cyber attack by ransomware 'wannacry' on the country's vital networks.
'wannacry' has disrupted networks in over 150 countries, including russia and the uk, and is being termed as one of the most widespread cyber attacks in the history.
reports suggest that over two lakh systems globally could have been infected by the malicious software.
india's cyber security unit cert-in earlier said it has not received any formal report of cyber attack on india's vital networks.
everything seems to be normal, so far.
no reports have come to cert-in.
we have been in touch with microsoft and others.
.
.
even they have not got any reports, indian computer emergency response team (cert-in) director general sanjay bahl told pti.
ransomware is a malicious software that blocks access to data unless a ransom is paid.
judicial appointments should conform to highest standards: prezpatna, apr 18, 2015, (pti) 18:08 istthe process of selection and appointment of judges should conform to the highest of standards, president pranab mukherjee said today, describing an independent judiciary as the cornerstone of democracy.
the process of selection and appointment of judges should conform to the highest of standards.
we must make haste in this regard but without compromising on quality, he said addressing a gathering after inaugurating the centenary celebrations of the patna high court.
mukherjee's remarks came against the backdrop of a controversy over establishment of the national judicial appointments commission, which ended the collegium system where judges appointed judges.
the njac act gives a say to the executive in appointment of judges to the supreme court and high courts.
the independence of the judiciary is the cornerstone of our democracy.
the judicial system in our country should be not only accessible but also affordable, he said.
referring to high pendency of cases, the president stressed on the need to speed up the process of disposal of cases, saying justice delayed is justice denied.
mukherjee emphasised on filling the vacant posts of judges in courts across the country on a priority basis to expedite delivery of justice.
the patna high court today has 31 judges against the sanctioned strength of 43 judges, he said, adding 1,33,297 cases were pending there as of march 31, 2015.
the pendency in the subordinate courts under the patna high court is an estimated 20 lakh and more than 16.
8 lakh of them are criminal cases, he said.
the president said the patna high court has lived up to the expectations of the then viceroy and governor-general of india lord hardinge.
i feel assured, that within its walls in future days, justice will be administered with courage and impartiality, to the terror of evil-doers, and to the triumph of every cause which is right and true, so that the high court of bihar shall earn a name for sound sense and good law, mukherjee quoted lord hardinge as having said while laying the foundation-stone of the patna high court building on december 1, 1913.
the president said if any one goes through the history of patna high court, it will be seen that it has more than lived up to the expectations of lord hardinge.
landmark judgements have been delivered by this court, mukherjee said as he remembered its illustrious past.
the president said luminaries of the patna high court included country's first president rajendra prasad.
syed hasan imam, president of the indian national congress in 1918, and the first president of the constituent assembly, sachchidanand sinha, were also the members of the court bar .
three chief justices of the patna high court--justice b p sinha, justice lalit mohan sharma and justice r m lodha went on to become the chief justices of india, he said.
bihar governor keshri nath tripathi, chief justice of india h l dattu, state chief minister nitish kumar, law minister d v sadananda gowda and union minister ravishankarprasad prasad were among those present.
patna, april 24, 2015, dhns: 3:14 istunion home minister rajnath singh on friday took stock of the storm-hit districts in bihar and assured all possible central assistance to the state government so that relief work could be beefed up.
at least 42 people had died in april 21 storm.
the death toll on friday, however, increased to 56 with purnia recording the maximum casualty of 39.
rajnath, flanked by bihar chief minister nitish kumar, union ministers radhamohan singh and ravishankarprasad prasad and former deputy chief minister sushil kumar modi, undertook an aerial survey of the storm-hit districts of purnia, madhepura, saharsa, supaul and katihar.
the centre will provide all possible assistance to the nitish regime, so that compensation to the needy reaches at the earliest, rajnath said at purnia.
nitish, who has asked the disaster management department to assess the damage caused in various districts, announced immediate gratuitous relief (gr) of rs 5,800 in cash, in addition to the ex gratia of rs 4 lakh to the next of kin of the deceased.
as part of the gr, the victims will be eligible to one quintal of foodgrain, which would be given to those whose houses were damaged on april 21.
meanwhile, the met department has sounded alert for a possible thunderstorm in the next 48 hours in eastern bihar, particularly those districts which are closer to west bengal.
we have sounded an alert after some areas in north-eastern bihar have shown signs of atmospheric instability.
purnia, katihar and kishanganj are districts which may witness thunder squall soon, said state director of indian meteorological department (imd) a k sen.
the alert by the imd comes against the backdrop in which nitish had blamed the weathermen for not issuing an alert for april 21 cyclone-storm.
senior imd officials conceded that it was impossible for them to issue a warning before four hours as such storms take just two hours to develop, 30 minutes to show affect and 90 minutes to complete the catastrophe.
warning about such thunder squall, which even if issued four hours in advance, wont give sufficient time to any state government to brace itself up, said a senior met official, adding that the rainfall was not worrying, but the wind was causing an alarm as it leads to huge destruction.
press trust of india, new delhi, may 23 2017, 19:57 istdenying any downturn in indian information technology sector, law and it minister ravishankarprasad prasad today said the industry will create 25-30 lakhs by 2025.
as (the) it minister of the nation, i completely deny and refute that there is any downturn in the employment in this sector.
it is robust, slated for great growth and once digital economy ushers then you can fathom its development, prasad said while sharing three years achievement of the ministry of electronics and it.
he said that the indian it companies have added 6 lakh jobs in last three years.
it companies employ 40 lakh people directly and 1.
3 crore indirectly.
we are bringing bpo in small towns.
it is very exciting situation.
industry is growing and nasscom has made assessment that in coming 4-5 years 20-25 lakh more jobs will be created, prasad said.
analysing a report submitted by mckinsey & co at the nasscom india leadership forum, head hunters india founder- chairman and md k lakshmikanth had said that job cuts in information technology (it) sector will be between rs 1.
75 lakh and 2 lakh annually for the next three years due to under-preparedness in adapting to newer technologies.
on curbs over h1b visa, prasad said that finance minister arun jaitley during his recent visit to the us has conveyed concerns on the issue and prime minister narendra modi will also convey concerns in this regard to the us government during his visit.
he said that teamlease analysis for 2017-18 report that it sector hiring sentiments is positive and is up by 4  in october 2016 to march 2017, compared to the previous six-month period.
teamlease also indicated that the e-commerce and technology startup sector hiring sentiments has increased by 2 per cent, with projected 14.
94 per cent job growth.
the it minister said that investment proposal in electronics manufacturing has increased to rs 1.
43 lakh crore.
from rs 11,000 crore investment in 2014, total investment proposals have now increased to rs 1.
43 lakh crore in electronics manufacturing.
at present, 72 mobile manufacturing companies have come.
in this 1 lakh people have been direct employment and 3 lakh people indirect employment, prasad said.
he said that investment in mobile manufacturing has increased from 18,992 crore in 2014-15 to rs 89,756 crore in 2016-17.
the minister said that the 2.
5 lakh common services centres, which provide government and other internet based services in rural area, have generated revenue of rs 1,800 crore, which include rs 600 crore from aadhaar related services.
apple has started production in bangalore in a modest level.
they are in touch with it secretary for further expansion, prasad said.
the ministry of electronics and it announced a model it tender format to be used by various government departments in procurement of it products and services.
there was no consistency in it procurement.
there was request from it sector to issue a model request for proposal format, prasad said.
meity also announced restructuring and re-branding of media lab asia as digital india corporation, which will function like a professional body for rolling out digital india projects mainly e-governance.
it will implement digital india in a professional way.
we are going to hire from private sector.
it will be very good platform professionally managed with corporate architecture.
negd (national e-governance division), he said.
government plans to hire professionals in the field of cyber security and launch national cyber coordination centre (nccc) in june, he added.
the minister said that government started early preparation to check cyber attacks and india was least effected by ransomware.
hardly 200 locations were effected and they were standalone computers.
we are taking focused measures to improve cyber security ecosystem, prasad said.
india favours democratisation of global affairs of telecommunications: prasadnew delhi, oct 21, 2014 (ians): 19:18 istindia favours democratisation and broad-basing of the global affairs of telecommunications and internet governance, information technology and telecommunications minister ravishankarprasad prasad has said.
he was speaking monday at the inaugural session of the international telecommunications union (itu) conference at busan in south korea, an official statement here said.
india's point of view is that itu should take leadership and partner with un and other international/regional organizations in executing the information and communication technology (ict) projects and programmes in developing countries.
india also wants the itu to be the supervisory authority of space assets.
india expressed its desire that itu should play a more active role in the global internet governance as envisaged during the world summit on information society (wsis).
the indian delegation has been participating in the plenipotentiary conference, which is the top policy-making body of the 193 member strong international telecommunications union.
it meets once in every four years.
india has also been pitching for a re-election into the itu council, the statement tuesday said.
new delhi, june 2, 2015 (ians) 18:05 istthe frequent call drops which mobile phone users face today may soon invite a penalty for service providers, communications and it minister ravishankarprasad prasad said on tuesday, while announcing free roaming facility by the state-run national telecom provider bsnl from june 15.
the minister, talking to media persons on the completion of one year of prime minister narendra modi's government, said the issue of net neutrality was being discussed internally in his ministry and a final decision will be taken soon by the union cabinet.
call drops need to get minimised.
we are in discussion for a structure to incentivise or disincentivise it, prasad said, when asked what the government was doing to check this irritant.
the minister said there were many ongoing campaigns regarding the adverse impact of mobile tower radiation.
if someone comes to me with a problem, i am ready to look at it.
.
.
.
but he mentioned that if people complained about the ill-effect of mobile towers and asked for pulling them down, then they should not be complaining about call drops as both things do not go hand-in-hand.
in april 2015, india crossed over 100 crore telephone connections.
prasad mentioned that bsnl has installed 15,000 new towers in one year to do away with call drops.
talking about the controversial net neutrality issue, the minister said the committee set up by the department of telecom has submitted reports to the government.
the final decision on it will be taken by the government and the cabinet.
he said bsnl's revenue grew by 2.
1 percent in 2014-15 reversing the trend of negative growth in previous years.
the state-run service provider also added 47 lakh active subscribers during that period.
bsnl and mtnl have launched unlimited free local calls from landlines to any landline or mobile during night hours effective from may 1, 2015.
listing the achievements, prasad said foreign direct investment in the telecom sector had topped $2.
85 billion in 2014-15 and that this was the highest in recent years -- $1.
31 billion in 2013-14, $304 million in 2012-13, $1.
99 billion in 2011-12 and $1.
66 billion in 2010-11.
talking about the digital india programme of the government, the minister mentioned that it is for the poor and marginalised in the country.
it is party neutral and ideology neutral.
alluding to the 2g telecom cases pending before the various courts for alleged improper allotment of spectrum and graft, the minister said he had taken over the reins of the ministry when it was making news for wrong reasons for a variety of factors.
when i took over a year ago the department was in news for all reasons.
but now we have faith, hope and confidence and there is collective will to work in a transparent way.
there is no place for lobbyists and middlemen in the telecom, it and india post departments, he said.
cabinet approves rs 3,705 cr as base price for 3g auctionnew delhi, jan 28, 2015 (pti) 19:11 istthe cabinet today approved a base price of rs 3,705 crore per megahertz (mhz) for 3g spectrum auction, a move which would help the government garner over rs 1 lakh crore along with sale of other mobile frequencies.
cabinet has approved a reserve price of rs 3,705 crore per mhz for 2100 mhz band (which is used for 3g mobile services), telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad told reporters here after the cabinet meeting.
the reserve prices for other bands -- 800 mhz, 900 mhz and 1,800 mhz -- have already been approved by the cabinet for the auction, which is scheduled to start from march 4 along with the 3g spectrum band.
according to sources, the combined proceeds from auction of all the four bands are estimated by the government at over rs 1,00,000 crore -- making it the biggest ever spectrum sale.
the inter-ministerial panel telecom commission had suggested a base price of rs 3,705 crore per mhz as 3g spectrum base price for the auction scheduled for march 4.
the base price suggested by the commission is around 11 per cent higher than what telecom firms paid for in the 2010 auction.
it is also 36 per cent higher than sectoral regulator trai's recommendation of rs 2,720 crore per mhz.
the cabinet in its meeting on january 5 had approved that 5 mhz in 2100 mhz band would be put up for sale in the upcoming auction but the pricing was not decided at that time.
the defence ministry has agreed to release 5 mhz in 2100 mhz band in 17 circles.
last week, the cabinet had approved swapping of 15 mhz of 3g spectrum between defence and the telecom ministry.
however, government will be able to provide it after completion of the harmonisation process.
the telecom ministry has proposed to exchange 15 mhz spectrum it holds in 1900 mhz band with same quantum of radiowaves held by defence in 2100 mhz.
the cabinet has asked ministries involved in the process to complete harmonisation within a year.
new delhi, mar 5 , 2015, dhns: 2:12 istyoutube is believed to have removed the controversial bbc documentary on rape after the government directed it do so, but users can still access links to the video on the popular video sharing site.
meanwhile, the government also instructed telecom operators to ensure that the video is not available to their subscribers, after reports came that the documentary, which has the interview of the rape convict mukesh singh, was available to mobile broadband users, official sources said.
youtube removed the documentary from its website, sources in the government said.
youtube has confirmed compliance with the court order as per the notification from the government.
however, the documentary could still be viewed on the site, which officials said, was due to the almost hour-long video being available on the cache servers, that people are able to view.
indian computer emergency response team director general gulshan rai said: the content has been removed from the main server.
some cache content has been accessed by people which is also under removal.
telecom operators have been instructed to block those links as notified to us by the home ministry and delhi police.
speaking to reporters, communications and it minister ravishankarprasad prasad said: department of it has just complied with the court order, which it was obliged to do wherever any display of documentary, including on internet, was prohibited.
new delhi, aug 25 (pti) 18:12 istto curb the menace of call drops, telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad today asked mobile operators to optimise their networks, even as he promised full support on policy front including on installation of towers.
.
.
.
whatever is necessary for policy, we will do, like installation of mobile towers on government buildings, speaking against radiation fears.
so, what is required from the government, we will do.
i expect operators should also do what is required to reinforce their system, optimise their networks, prasad told reporters here at a conference of south asian telecom regulation council at greater noida near here.
the problem of frequent call drops has worsened in the recent months.
at a meeting last evening, prime minister narendra modi also voiced concern over call drops and directed the officials to resolve the problem urgently.
telecom operators have cited shutting down of mobile towers and radiation fears, as also lack of spectrum, as the major reasons for call drops.
the operators have said that about 7,000-10,000 sites have been locked or shut down across major cities and have sought a uniform national policy for installation of mobile towers.
speaking at the same event, telecom regulatory authority of india (trai) chairman r s sharma said a consultation paper on call drops will be issued in a fortnight wherein all stakeholders can give their comments.
regarding a disincentive mechanism for call drops, sharma said the regulator is looking at it and trai is also examining various tariff plans of the telecom operators.
government had asked trai to suggest disincentives for call drops and also examine the tariff plans of operators to ascertain whether they were incentivising call drops.
the industry has refuted the charge of deliberately promoting call drops.
a recent trai report found that most of the telecom operators in delhi and mumbai were not meeting the prescribed standards regarding call drops.
bjp comes to bsy's defencelast updated: 03 june, 2011lucknow, june 3, dhns: 23:18 istthe bjp on friday came in defence of karnataka chief minister b s yeddyurappa, who is facing charges of corruption, saying it cannot take action against him simply because some parties think he is guilty.
till date, the state lokayukta has not reported against yeddyurappa, senior bjp leader and spokesman ravishankarprasad prasad said here.
prasad made these remarks while briefing the media on the bjp national executive committee meeting, which began here on friday.
prasad slammed the congress and pointed out the case of the delhi minister raj kumar chauhan, whose dismissal had been recommended by the delhi lokayukta manmohan sarin for criminal misuse of powers.
he also referred to the suspension of 19 ore mining leases by the supreme court recently, claiming that these licences were issued by the congress and jd (s) governments.
when asked whether the bjp will take action against yeddyurappa if the lokayuktas report comes against him, prasad said: we will see it then.
new delhi, mar 23, 2015, (pti) 14:55 istgovernment today ruled out privatisation of bsnl and mtnl even as it admitted that the two state-run telecom service providers were not in the pink of their health.
responding to a supplementary during the question hour in rajya sabha, telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad, said the intention of the government was to bring them back to profitability.
the financial health of mtnl and bsnl are not in good shape.
there are several reasons for this which i want to discuss in the house in greater detail one day.
however, we will make them healthy, he said.
prasad also said that the two erstwhile profit-making entities have been incurring losses for some years and one of the reasons for their downfall could be traced into the way these were forced to function in those days.
we need to improve health of these two companies.
there is no attempt to privatise them, he said, adding that 25,000 mobile towers are being installed by bsnl and mtnl to improve their services.
to another question, prasad said the telecom subscribers base in the country is set to touch one billion mark soon from 97.
9 crore as on december-end.
regarding mobile tariff, he said service providers have the flexibility to offer different tariff schemes depending on the market conditions and other commercial considerations.
the rates charged by mobile service providers for various types of calls differ from service area to service area.
the rates offered by the same operator in a service area could also be different depending on the traiff plan subscribed by each individual consumer, he said.
probe finds smartphone to cost rs 2,300, not rs 251new delhi, feb 20, 2015, dhns 0:19 istafter a noida-based company ringing bells announced sale of a smartphone at rs 251, the telecom ministry probe has found that a device with such specifications would cost about rs 2,300.
officials, however, refused to comment on whether any action will be initiated against the company.
earlier this week, ringing bells launched the world's cheapest phone -- freedom 251 -- priced at rs 251, hogging limelight globally.
the indian cellular association, which represents the handset makers industry in india and has members like apple, samsung, microsoft, lava and micromax, had also written to telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad, demanding a probe.
the association said the bill of material value for a product like this when sourced from the cheapest supply chain cost approximately rs 2,700.
when translated into retail price after addition of applicable duties, taxes and distribution and retail margins, the cost of the product would be at least rs 4,100, it added.
even bjp mp kirit somaiya demanded a probe.
amid the controversies, the device has continued to grab attention from consumers.
following a heavy demand, ringing bells suspended bookings for 24 hours on thursday.
it resumed bookings on friday.
the company said the manufacturing cost of the phone is about rs 2,500, which will be recovered through a series of measures like economies of scale, innovative marketing, reduction in duties and creating an e-commerce marketplace.
s m krishna should be asked to quit: bjpnew delhi, jan 20, 2012, (pti) 21:18 istwith the karnataka high court refusing relief to s m krishna on alleged illegal mining during his chief ministership, bjp today asked the congress to show the door to the external affairs minister as done to karnataka chief minister b s yeddyurappa in the wake of lokayukta report indicting the state government.
krishna holds the sensitive portfolio of external affairs.
after the order of the karnataka high court, he should resign purely on moral grounds as his case will be investigated by the lokayukta police, bjp chief spokesperson ravishankarprasad prasad told reporters here.
he wondered whether congress will follow the example of bjp when it had asked yeddyurappa to step down after the lokayukta report indicted his government.
they campaigned against him for two years.
as soon as the report came, we asked him to resign, which he did, prasad said.
congress, however, downplayed the matter saying it was a normal legal process on which the party has nothing to comment.
this is a normal legal process.
i am sure krishna and his lawyer will deal with the matter in accordance with the law.
there is nothing for us to comment on the matter.
today the fact that there is no final verdict, there is going to be further appeal, party spokesperson abhishek singhvi said.
in a setback to krishna, the court ordered that investigation should continue into offences relating to dereservation of forest area in mineral rich fragile zones.
krishna, chief minister from 1999 to 2004, however, got some relief as the court quashed the charges of mismanagement of state owned mysore minerals limited by him on the ground it does not constitute any cognisable offence and do not call for investigation.
new delhi, april 18, 2013, dhns: 2:33 istthe bjp is unlikely to snap its strained ties with the jd-u, which has expressed reservations on projecting gujarat chief minister narendra modi as the ndas prime ministerial candidate.
party president rajnath singh has, however, told the bihar unit to be prepared with an exigency plan to contest the 2014 lok sabha elections on its own.
during a meeting with the partys bihar unit core group on thursday, rajnath singh, along with senior leaders arun jaitley and ram lal, took stock of the situation in the state to assess the fallout if the jd-u pulls out of the nda.
bihar deputy chief minister sushil modi, along with state mps rajiv pratap rudy, ravishankarprasad prasad and shahnawaz hussain were present in the meeting.
it is learnt that singh has advised the state leaders not to make provocative statements against the jd-u.
lack of timely legal help to poor affects credibility: cjinew delhi, dh news service, apr 30 2017, 1:11 istj s kheharlack of timely help to the poor and illiterate has put a severe strain on the rule of law and credibility of the legal system, chief justice j s khehar has said.
inaugurating the two-day programme organised by national legal services authority (nalsa) on saturday, khehar said the work taken up by para legal volunteers (plv) is more sacred than the duties performed by the judges.
the plvs have enabled ordinary and helpless people to avail benefits of the legal system to alleviate their sufferings and injustices, the chief justice added.
in the absence of timely help to most indians, the credibility of the legal system and the rule of law comes under severe strain, he said, stressing that the poor and illiterate indian were the main clients of the justice system.
he said the volunteers carried out a super divine duty by serving the poor, which is more than the divine duty discharged by the judges.
for a villager, the last-mile connectivity under the plv scheme was not the lawyers but the plvs working under competent legal authorities who impart them the awareness of law and legal system, khehar added.
when the disputes prove beyond the abilities of the volunteers to resolve, since they have only the basic training in law, they approach the nearest legal services authority such as lok adalat, mediation or more formal legal remedy.
also speaking on the occasion, law and justice minister ravishankarprasad prasad stressed on the importance of using technology to provide access and administration of justice.
with the changing times, we have to change our technology.
technology is a very important tool in the administration of justice, prasad said.
new delhi, july 1, 2015 (pti) 20:48 istarticulating global worries over cyber security, prime minister narendra modi today said india should come up with solutions to meet the challenge posed by this threat of bloodless war as he launched a digital campaign to which top companies pledged rs 4.
5 lakh crore.
inaugurating 'digital india week' here, he pitched for a digital revolution in the country, saying it is necessary to deal with problems like corruption, help provide transparent and efficient governance and bridge the rich-poor divide.
we have to move from e-governance to m-governance.
m-governance does not mean modi governance.
it means mobile governance, he said in the presence of several ministerial colleagues and who's who of indian industry and ceos of some global companies.
the prime minister noted that india has huge capabilities in the field of it and promised to encourage manufacturing within the country of electronic goods, which account for second largest imports after petroleum products.
he specifically mentioned start ups in this regard.
while highlighting the advantages of the it, modi said, at the same time, clouds of a bloodless war are hovering over the world.
the world is terrified by this.
.
.
.
india has a big role to play in this.
can india play this big role?
india has talent.
can india provide a shield to the world by providing innovative and credible solutions?
why should we not have such a confidence?
we should accept this challenge to ensure that the entire humanity lives in peace, modi said.
while talking about dangers posed to cyber security, he said, somebody, with education of 10th or 12th class, sitting thousands of miles away, can clean up your bank account with a click of mouse.
this situation needs to be addressed, he said.
noting that india had lagged behind when the world went through the industrial revolution, the prime minister said he dreams of a digital india' where government services are easily available to citizens on mobile devices.
i dream of a digital india where government proactively engages with people through social media.
.
.
i dream of digital india where cyber security becomes integral part of national security, he said, reminding the audience of the historical speech of martin luther king.
citing advantages of it, modi said it helps in dealing with problems like corruption.
technology played a big role in auction of coal mines.
so many coal mines were auctioned but there is no allegation against the government because it was all done in a transparent manner, he said.
the function was attended by ril chairman mukesh ambani, adag chairman anil ambani, bharati enterprises chairman sunil mittal, tata group chairman cyrus mistry, aditya birla group chief kumarmangalam birla, wipro's azim premji.
from among the global companies, bernhard gerwert, ceo of european consortium airbus' defence and space unit, and ping chang, ceo of taiwanese company delta electronics, attended the event.
the industrialists made announcements regarding their intention to invest in digital sector, which the prime minister said amounted to over rs 4.
5 lakh crore with a potential to generate 18 lakh jobs.
mukesh ambani announced an investment of rs 2.
5 lakh crore over five years and said it will result in creation of 5 lakh jobs.
he said his company was working with device makers to make affordable devices.
birla promised to invest usd 7 bn in next 5 years in network rollout and infra and digital space.
mittal committed to invest rs 1 lakh crore in next five years in digital space while anil ambani promised to invest rs 10,000 crore over next few years across digital, cloud and telecom space.
delta ceo pledged usd 500 million.
pointing out that times have changed and the india will be left behind unless it carries out revolution in the it field, the prime minister exhorted the industry to boost production of electronic devices and goods in the country, as part of the make in india initiative, to reduce dependence on imports.
he called upon the youth to innovate and said design in india is as important as make in india.
promising government support to 'start ups', modi said india has the potential of becoming the second country after the usa in this area.
talking about possibilities in the it world, he said there could a situation wherein information could be stored in digital lockers with private companies offering such facilities.
india may have missed the industrial revolution, but will not miss the it revolution, he said, adding, it is not enough for india to say that it is an ancient civilization, and a country of 125 crore with favourable demography.
.
.
modern technology needs to be blended with these strengths.
modi underlined his government's resolve to not allow the digital divide to become a barrier between people and outlined his vision of e-governance and mobile governance, where all important government services are available on the mobile phone.
i dream of a digital india where high-speed digital highways unite the nation; 1.
2 billion connected indians drive innovation; technology ensures the citizen-government interface is incorruptible, he said at the function which was attended by union ministers arun jaitley, ravishankarprasad prasad, j p nadda, thaavar chand gehlot, jual oram and nirmala sitharaman.
the prime minister said that earlier, india was criticized for launching satellites, but now it was recognized that these satellites help the common man, for instance, farmers through accurate weather forecasting.
he said in the future, people would prefer to live along the 'digital highways' like in earlier ages populations would settle along rivers and seas and later along the highways of roads.
modi also unveiled the digital india logo and released policy documents related to digital india.
he also felicitated two women csc village level entrepreneurs.
telecom minister ravishankarprasad blames cong for call dropsnew delhi: oct 1, 2015, dhns 1:09 istwith call drops ringing in bihar assembly polls, telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad, who is himself from the state, on wednesday said i'm cleaning up the mess created by the congress.
seeking to turn tables on the congress over the call drops issue, the minister said this problem is a legacy of the last government and he is clearing the mess left by them.
address media here, the minister said the congress must be asked why state-owned bsnl and mtnl turned loss-making entities during the upa regime.
blame gameour government is clearing the mess left by the congress-led upa government and during their tenure the sanchar bhawan  the seat of telecom ministry  was known for all the wrong reasons including corruption, loot and impropriety.
congress general secretary shakeel ahmed on tuesday demanded sacking of the telecom minister for his incompetence in resolving the issue of frequent call drops experienced by consumers.
even bihar chief minister nitish kumar called ravishankarprasad prasad as call drop minister.
the minister added that bsnl and mtnl were making profit in 2004 till the time the then nda government was in power, but the two firms became loss-making in 10 years of the congress rule.
bsnls profit was rs 10,183 crore in 2004 and after 10 years, when we came back, bsnl was suffering a loss of rs 8,234 crore.
who is responsible for this.
will the congress party government give answer to this?
mtnl in 2004 was in profit of rs 938 crore and in 2014, it was suffering a loss of rs 2,843 crore, prasad said.
claiming that the problem of call drops has begun to improve, the minister said mobile operators on their own are showing the shortcomings but appeared to rule out any penalty as of now.
the minister said a total of 34,460 mobile sites were found to be defective, out of which 16,962 were fixed.
another 17,498 sites still needed to be repaired across country, which is being done, he said.
on penalising the erring telecom operators on call drops, prasad said that the regulator trai was working on a framework about incentives and disincentives linked to call drops and the government would consider it as and when the recommendations come in.
the trai is expected to submit its recommendations by mid-october on this issue, although operators have been opposing any move to compensate the consumers on the basis of call drops.
minimum 2 mbps bsnl broadband from october 1new delhi, sep 08, 2015, dhns: 1:36 istbsnl would offer a minimum internet speed of two megabit per second from october 1 for no additional cost in an effort to lure more customers.
the state-run telecom giants effort is likely to prompt private operators to increase their connectivity speeds for lower cost, while it could also force telecom regulator trai to redefine broadband speeds which stands at 512 kbps currently.
the offer, which would see bsnl increase its minimum broadband speed from 51 kbps, was launched by telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad at gurgaon on monday.
we have increased the internet speed four times .
.
.
we have ensured 2 mbps is available at last mile, which is the customer premises starting october 1, bsnl cmd anupam shrivastava said.
he said the company is growing rapidly as it added 15 lakh mobile customers in the last few months against its average subscriber rate of seven/eight lakhs per month.
new delhi, jul 21, 2015 (pti) 20:54 istamid growing concerns over the call drop issue, sectoral regulator trai has said that most of the telecom companies in delhi and mumbai are not meeting the prescribed standards.
the telecom regulatory authority of india (trai) further said that only bharti airtel in mumbai and tata teleservices in delhi met the laid-down quality of service (qos) benchmarks for call drop rate, which as per norms should be less than 2 per cent.
trai today released findings of the audit of quality of service being provided by telecom operators.
the service quality audit was done by an agency through independent drive tests in the two cities in june and july.
in mumbai, idea has a call drop rate of 5.
56 per cent, tata has 5.
51 per cent, vodafone has 4.
83 per cent, aircel has 3.
19 per cent, reliance has 2.
29 per cent.
only airtel meets the benchmark with a call drop rate of 0.
97 per cent.
the situation is not very different in delhi with reliance having a call drop rate of 17.
29 per cent, airtel 8.
04 per cent, aircel 5.
18 per cent, vodafone 4.
28 per cent and idea 2.
84 per cent.
tata is meeting the benchmark with call drop rate of 0.
84 per cent.
the drive test results revealed that most of operators are not meeting the benchmarks of network related parameters.
they failed to achieve the benchmarks due to high block call rate, high drop call rate, low call setup success rate and poor rx quality, trai said.
however, trai said this result reflects only the network conditions on the route followed by the test vehicles and as determined during the day and time of the drive test.
doing some tough-talks on call drops, telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad had asked mobile operators to walk the extra mile to reinforce their systems as they have enough spectrum to provide services without interruption.
the government has also asked trai to suggest a disincentive mechanism to tackle the problem.
trai said it is evaluating the need for a consultation paper on 'regulatory framework on call drops', based on available information and facts.
given the adverse impact of call drops on the consumers, the telecom service providers (tsps) were advised to take initiatives and improve their performance, including exploring suitable compensation for call drops, trai said.
the regulator said operators have claimed that main reasons for frequent call drops include limited spectrum, delay in allocation of spectrum and changeover of frequencies.
the telcos also said sealing of towers also contribute to call drops.
during the last six months, around 801 sites in mumbai and 523 sites in delhi were shut-down.
prasad dismisses large-scale it layoff reports as 'motivated'dhns, new delhi, jun 17 2017, 0:42 istdismissing the reports of large scale job losses in the indian it sector, union it minister ravishankarprasad prasad on friday said these complaints are motivated.
there has been a lot of debate, and by any standards of economy, this talk of job decline in the it sector is motivated, prasad said after a meeting with the captains of the indian it and electronics sector to discuss the issue of the countrys digital economy.
the it sector in india is growing, employing 40 lakh people directly.
by 2014-25, the government aims to create additional 65 lakh jobs and we are confident that we will succeeded in achieving this target, he said.
the countrys it sector has crossed rs 10 lakh crore in revenue and exports have crossed rs 7.
5 lakh crore, the minister said.
the government is in constant touch with the it sector and they have clarified that there is no large scale job losses.
tata consultancy services and infosys clarified that companies continue to hire, the minister said, adding that it companies have told the government that those people have poor skills have been removed.
off the recordchennai,m r venkatesh, june 24,2012 21:18 istsangmas madnessthe resignation of former lok sabha speaker pa sangma from the nationalist congress party to contest the presidential elections has given much relief to party chief sharad pawar.
earlier, sangma, determined to contest the presidential poll, had been defying the partys advice to opt out of the race, causing much embarrassment to pawar.
the union agriculture minister had to face this embarrassment at the upas meeting on june 15, where pranab mukherjees name was announced to be coalitions candidate for presidential polls.
in the meeting, prime minister manmohan singh in an off the cuff remark asked pawar whether sangma has his backing to be in the race for the rashtrapati bhavan.
pawar and his party member praful patel had to explain to the prime minister and the upa chairperson sonia gandhi how sangma has completely lost it and gone mad.
khalid akhter, new delhitruce calllashing out at each other for nearly one week, the two estranged ruling partners in bihar  the jd (u) and the bjp  have apparently called for truce.
and the first step in this direction was taken when the spokespersons of the two parties were issued a gag order.
the jd (u) meeting was convened in patna where nitish kumar counselled his party leaders to desist from launching a diatribe against the bjp leaders.
his suggestion at the meeting assumes significance as a day earlier the partys national spokesperson and rajya sabha member shivanand tiwary had minced no words in slamming former union minister and senior bjp leader ravishankarprasad prasad.
had ravishankarprasad (former union law minister and the bjp national spokesperson) been appointed as the finance minister, the economic situation of the country would not have been better, said tiwary.
his unwarranted assertion gave the impression that the jd (u) was in favour of the upas economic policies.
tiwary, however, clarified that he was actually defending pranab mukherjee (as finance minister), whom the jd (u) is backing in the presidential race.
the statement confused the party rank and file as nitish and sharad yadav had so far been quite critical of the upas economic policies and financial mismanagement.
nitish is believed to have told his party cadres that supporting the upas nominee against the bjp-sponsored pa sangma should in no way be interpreted as manifestation of any split within the nda and extension of support to the congress at this juncture.
tiwary and ravishankarprasad , it seems, are now holding fire.
but one wonders how the clock took a 180 degree turn since 1996, the year when both of them were petitioners in the fodder scam and were baying for blood of their common foe  lalu prasad.
abhay kumar, patnadmks jibe at jayalalithaslamming the alleged police repression under the present jayalalithaa regime in tamil nadu, her arch political rival and dmk patriarch m karunanidhi recently countered that the double-barrel gun inherited from his political mentor c n annadurai is still with us.
that telling phrase famously used by the late lamented anna when the dmk was launched in 1949, breaking away from its parent organisation periyar-led dravidar kazhagam (dk), was to then discount fears and doubts that a split in the dk could cause a dent in its strong anti-brahmin ideology.
but the 89-year-old karunanidhi, while re-invoking that phrase at a dmk rally in chennai, emphasised to the crowd that he was not giving any call to violence at this age.
he even swore that the dmk has been treading the non-violent path of mahatma gandhi.
such expressions are used metaphorically, as part of a literary style of speaking so to say, he mused.
semiotic experts may wonder at the levels of meanings embedded in that tamil phrase, irattai kuzhal thuppakki.
but for karunanidhi, it served a dual purpose.
first, to remind jayalalitha about her cultural moorings and then allude in the same breath to his daughter kanimozhi, a star speaker at the rally, being dmks propaganda-duo along with his younger son m k stalin.
govt reviews ban, to block only child porn sitesnew delhi, aug 05, 2015, dhns: 2:33 istaffidavit in sc soon to explain actionwidespread outrage on social media and other platforms forced the centre on tuesday to review the ban order on 857 websites and restrict it only to those hosting child pornography.
at a meeting here with top department officials, it and telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad decided to unblock websites that do not host child pornography.
in future, only websites containing child pornography will be blocked.
other considerations will be looked into after the supreme court hearing, an official said after the meeting.
the meeting was also attended by it secretary r s sharma and additional solicitor general pinky anand.
anand told reporters that the ministry would soon file an affidavit in the supreme court explaining its action taken on the issue raised by the petition even as she emphasised only those adult websites that had child pornography were blocked.
earlier, the government issued direction to telecom operators and internet service providers to disable urls of 857 websites under section 79(3)(b) of the information technology act, 2000 as the content hosted on these websites related to morality, decency as given in article 19(2) of the constitution.
in the process, however, some websites which were found to be hosting jokes, memes and other humourous content without any pornography, were also blocked.
the instant action is basically in obedience to the observation of the supreme court where the court asked the department to take action on the list of alleged porn sites provided by the petitioner (kamlesh vaswani), said prasad.
explaining the rationale behind the original directive, the minister said the government is committed to freedom of communication on the internet.
the government compliments the dissemination of idea on social media.
we have launched the mygov platform seeking views on developmental agenda and lakhs of people are participating on this platform, he added.
reacting to the outrage against the move, prasad had said on monday: i reject with contempt the charge that it is a talibani government, as being said by some of the critics.
our government supports free media, respect communication on social media and has respected freedom of communication always.
bjp still silent on issuelast updated: 01 july, 2011new delhi, july 1, dhns: 0:19 istsenior bjp leaders who interacted with civil rights activist anna hazare and his team here on friday supported a strong lokpal bill but did not clarify their stand on key issues like inclusion of the prime minister and the judiciary under the proposed institution.
bjp spokesman ravishankar prasad cautioned that the lokpal bill should not undermine the basic structure of the constitution.
he said mps should come under the lokpal but they should be allowed to function freely in the parliament.
prasad said lokpal should not become an instrument at the hands of the centre to trouble the state governments and thereby tamper the federal feature of the state.
hazare and his team met bjp leaders lk advani, murli manohar joshi, sushma swaraj, rajnath singh, venkaiah naidu, ravishankarprasad prasad, ananth kumar, jaswant singh and arun jaitley.
bjp chief nitin gadkari was not present.
the bill will come in parliament.
we met the senior bjp leaders to bring a strong and effective lokpal.
we appraised them on the two drafts of the bill and the difference between the two versions, hazare said.
we have assured the civil rights group of bjp's support for an effective lokpal bill, said prasad.
i-t raids in benami land deal case linked to lalu prasadpress trust of india, new delhi, may 16 2017, 10:33 istlalu's official residence was the address of the owners of the firms allegedly floated by his family members, ravishankarprasad prasad had said.
the income tax department today conducted raids and surveys on at least 22 locations in delhi and adjoining areas on charges of alleged benami deals worth rs 1,000 crore linked to rjd chief lalu prasad and others.
officials said the department began raiding the premises of some prominent businessmen and real estate agents in delhi, gurgaon, rewari and few others since early morning.
the searches are also being conducted at the premises of the son of rjd mp p c gupta and few other businessmen.
while raids are being conducted at a dozen locations, ten other official premises are being surveyed by the i-t department, they said.
people and businessmen connected to the land deal involving lalu prasad and his family are being searched.
there are allegations of benami deals worth about rs 1,000 crore and subsequent tax evasion, a senior official said.
a team of about 100 tax department officials and police personnel are conducting the raids, they said.
the bjp had last week accused prasad, his mp-daughter misa bharti and his two sons, both bihar government ministers, of being involved in corrupt land deals worth over rs 1,000 crore, and asked the central government to probe one such transaction in delhi.
union minister ravishankarprasad prasad had alleged that these transactions were a case of quid pro quo as they date back to the period when lalu prasad was the railway minister, and dared bihar chief minister nitish kumarto take action against him.
lalus rjd is a constituent of bihars ruling coalition led by kumar.
his sons tejashwi yadav and tej pratap yadav are ministers in the government.
lalus official residence was the address of the owners of the firms allegedly floated by his family members, ravishankarprasad prasad had said.
several suspect land deals took place in bihar, he said, wondering if kumar would invoke a special law enacted by his government in which assets acquired through illicit money are confiscated in this instance.
the politics of lalu prasad has become politics of loot.
land worth crores of rupees was grabbed for a pittance, he had said.
one such land deal involving lalu prasad and his family members is in bijwasan in delhi, he said.
we expect the central government to take appropriate action, ravishankarprasad prasad had said.
all the companies owned by lalu prasads family members for the purpose of these land transactions had no employees, no business activities and no turnover, ravishankarprasad prasad had claimed.
bihar's biggest shopping mall spread over 7.
5 lakh square feet is coming up in patna as part of such dubious transactions, he had alleged at a news conference held here.
bjp ministers slam upa govt over baijal claimsbengaluru/coimbatore, may 26 (pti) 17:16 istlatching onto former trai chairman pradip baijal's accusations against ex-prime minister manmohan singh in connection with the 2g scam case, bjp ministers in the modi government today attacked the erstwhile upa dispensation, calling it a coalition in corruption.
the revelation makes it clear that it was a coalition in corruption.
.
.
.
, environment minister prakash javadekar told reporters in coimbatore.
telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad said baijal's claims in his book reflected how the manmohan singh-led upa government functioned.
the government of dr manmohan singh, sonia gandhi and rahul gandhi had to face lot of shame because of 2g scam.
repeatedly they used to talk about zero loss and make fun of cag report .
.
.
.
now if pradip baijal has written this, i haven't read his book, it is really unfortunate, prasad told a press conference in bengaluru.
baijal, an accused in the 2g spectrum allocation scam case, has alleged that singh had warned him of harm if he did not cooperate.
he has also alleged that the cbi wanted him to implicate arun shourie and ratan tata in the case.
in his self-published book, the complete story of indian reforms: 2g, power and private enterprise - a practitioner's diary', baijal, who was appointed head of the telecom watchdog by the nda government in 2003, said the 2g scam trail began under upa's telecom minister dayanidhi maran.
they (cbi) had warned me in each case that i would be harmed if i didn't cooperate.
incidentally, this was exactly what the eminent economist prime minister had told me would happen if i did not cooperate in their scheme of things in the 2g case, baijal has written in an apparent reference to 2g case and disinvestment issues.
about the reported claim made in the book about maran asserting he was the prime minister of the telecom department, prasad said,i would not wish to comment on it, but if it is true, it clearly reflects how manmohan singh government was functioning, where every minister thinks himself to be a prime minister.
it is a matter of pain, this scam shouldn't have happened.
i don't want to comment more on this, cbi inquiry is on, fair trial should happen, he added.
if ministers are threatening senior bureaucrats, if the prime minister is looking the other way, it is very serious problem.
today i can proudly say that my prime minister narendra modi knows everything which is happening in the government.
can we believe that dr manmohan singh, the learned economist prime minister for ten years, was not knowing what was happening?
sad days, sad times, he added.
chennai/new delhi, jan 20, 2017 (pti) 19:13 isttamil nadu and the centre today worked feverishly to bring out an ordinance for ensuring jallikattu soon as a general strike brought the state to a standstill and tens of thousands of protesters on marina beach and elsewhere refused to relent until the sport is held.
the state continued to be on the edge on the fifth day of the protest by students, youths and other sections demanding immediate staging of the traditional bull-taming sport in alanganallur, epicentre of the of jallikattu, and other places.
they said they welcome the efforts to promulgate an ordinance for allowing the sport but they would not withdraw the agitation until the event is held.
tamil nadu chief minister o panneerselvam, who stayed back in the national capital yesterday after his meeting with prime minister narendra modi, announced in the morning that the state government would issue an ordinance in a day or two to allow jallikattu.
a draft of the ordinance has already been given to the union home ministry for getting president's consent after which the governor would issue it.
after getting the assent of president pranab mukherjee tomorrow, an ordinance will be promulgated by our governor to amend the prevention of cruelty to animals act, he said on his arrival in chennai.
he said legal steps would be taken to remove all obstacles in the way of holding the sport.
home minister rajnath singh, on whom a large delegation of aiadmk mps called, environment minister anil dave and law minister ravishankarprasad prasad gave assurances of early steps by the centre to resolve the issue soon.
parallely, attorney general mukul rohatgi told the supreme court that the centre was in talks with tamil nadu to find a way out in the matter after which the court agreed not to pass judgement for a week on the jallikattu issue.
with the centre drawing flak, bjp sought to project that its government was actively engaged in resolving the issue.
the law minister said he has held discussions with bjp president amit shah on the issue, while union minister pon radhakrishnan and tamil nadu bjp chief tamilisai soundarajan flanked dave when he met the media.
though political parties have been kept away from the 'youth uprising', main opposition party dmk staged state-wide rail roko agitation, with its working president mk stalin leading the protests by squatting on tracks in mambalam.
stalin and kanimozhi besides many dmk workers were arrested.
stalin has also announced that he will observe a day long fast tomorrow.
the call for general strike by various trade unions including those affiliated to dmk and the left parties besides section of traders bodies led to a shutdown with shops and business establishments downing shutters and schools and colleges remaining closed across the state.
the tamil film industry expressed solidarity with jallikattu supporters, with top actors and actresses joining a silent protest.
film shootings were suspended for the day.
superstar rajinikanth, actors ajit kumar, surya, siva karthikeyan besides actress trisha, who had faced flak from the pro-jallikattu groups for her perceived opposition to the sport by reportedly being associated with peta, joined the silent protest.
autos and call taxis kept off the roads even as few government buses plied on the roads.
banking operations took a hit with workers taking part in protests.
employees of various it companies held placards and banners with slogans against ngo people for the ethical treatment of animals (peta).
many inter and intra-state trains were fully and partially cancelled while some others were diverted.
the suburban emu services ran late.
in chennai, all roads led to marina beach with men and women, clad in black, besides children joining the protest that has transcended political and other differences.
the chief minister's announcement that he himself will flag off jallikattu failed to cut any ice with the protesters.
youths in large numbers arrived in a continuous stream on motorcycles and cars via several adjoining roads and converged on the already heavily crowded kamarajar salai.
a police constable attached to armed police reserve, maya azaghu, was cheered lustily after he extended his support to the cause at the marina.
as the constable in uniform spoke on the microphone extending his support, the youngsters, who have been camping there for the past four days, clapped for him.
meanwhile, the chennai police lauded the agitating youth at marina, saying they maintained extraordinary calm and peace for the past few days.
they have cooperated with the police in maintaining free flow of traffic on kamarajar salai.
the youth are requested not to believe any rumours being circulated in social media relating to any police action, chennai city police said on its social networking page.
cinema theatres have suspended screening of films from dawn to dusk in the state.
textile traders at erode hoisted black flags atop their shops even as they downed shutters.
in coimbatore, a student attempted suicide but was rescued by others, police said.
the student climbed atop a tree and put a rope around his neck during a protest, but some students foiled his bid and brought him down.
a group of people at thirumalayampalayam burnt the effigy of peta, slamming it for its anti-jallikattu stand.
the villagers took out a funeral procession of the effigy and set it on fire, police said.
with roads wearing almost a deserted look, five to six bullock-driven carts were seen at saibaba colony on mettupalayam road in the city, in a symbolic observation of 'rekla race'.
about 2,000 dmk workers, including district functionaries and former ministers, were arrested when they attempted to stage rail roko at city railway station.
nearly 100 students, who attempted to picket the central telegraph office and post office, were removed from the spot, police said.
the strike call evoked a good response in south tamil nadu with almost all shops and commercial establishments remaining closed.
farmers, doctors, lawyers and other professionals too joined the pro-jallikattu strike and protests.
some pilgrims from andhra pradesh and bihar were stranded in rameswaram island as the early morning passenger train they were scheduled to board did not run.
fishermen from ramanathapuram, nagapattinam and kaniyakumari, amomg others, staged protests.
in almost all the southern districts, private transport, including cars and autorickshaws were off the roads, and in several places hotels and restaurants remained closed.
attack highly improper: fmnew delhi, feb 18, 2016, dhns: 0:42 istunion minister arun jaitley on wednesday condemned the incident of attack on journalists at patiala house court premises, saying media has an unhindered right to report.
media has an unhindered right to report.
attack on mediapersons is highly improper and condemnable, the information and broadcasting (i&b) minister tweeted.
this came after a group of people dressed in lawyers robe beat up mediapersons on the court premises for the second time in last two days.
the journalists had gone to the court for coverage of court proceedings in the jnu student sedition case.
the mob began assaulting the media persons when the jnu student leader kanhaiya kumar was being produced in a court in connection with the case.
earlier in the day, union telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad also suggested that alternative voice in the university should also be heard.
jnu is a very premier institution of india, widely respected also.
it has produced outstanding civil servants, great academicians and also well known public figures.
its faculty and students also excel well.
we all think there is also a very eloquent, powerful and constructive alternative voice in the jnu.
the country is equally eager to hear that voice, he said.
new delhi, jul 19, 2015 (pti) 18:25 istsetting the tone for the upcoming monsoon session, bjp today decided against being defensive over the controversies related to sushma swaraj, vasundhara raje and shivraj singh chouhan and would brazen it out in parliament which is set to be stormy over these issues.
bjp chief amit shah held strategy meetings with various party colleagues, including union ministers arun jaitley, swaraj, smriti irani, ravishankarprasad prasad and piyush goyal as well as party spokespersons during which raje, the chief minister of rajasthan, was also present.
making it evident that there will be no resignations, the meeting discussed how to counter the opposition attack in parliament during the session beginning on tuesday and harmonising of the response of the government and the party on these issues, sources said.
congress has threatened to disrupt parliament if its demands for ouster of raje, external affairs minister swaraj and madhya pradesh chief minister chouhan are not acceded to.
raje is under attack for her links with former ipl chairman lalit modi who is facing ed probe.
swaraj is also accused of helping lalit modi.
chouhan is under the opposition fire in vyapam scam.
bjp does not want to be seen on the defensive on the controversial issues plaguing the party for the last few months, the sources said.
among the party's media faces who met shah were m j akbar, shrikant sharma and sambit patra.
besides pressing for removal of swaraj, opposition has indicated that it will also target hrd minister smriti irani, who is facing charges related to an educational certificate.
chhattisgarh chief minister raman singh may also be targeted in connection with a rice scam.
the ruling bjp, on its part, is likely to train its guns on himachal pradesh chief minister virbhadra singh of congress, who is embroiled in a disproportionate assets case.
in an indication of the challenges his government is likely to face in parliament, prime minister narendra modi has convened the maiden meeting of all nda constituents tomorrow to deliberate the strategy to counter the opposition.
before meeting the allies at his residence, modi may also attend two separate all-party meetings called by parliamentary affairs minister m venkaiah naidu and lok sabha speaker sumitra mahajan to discuss ways to ensure a smooth session.
sensing the opposition heat awaiting his government in parliament, modi had on friday acknowledged that there will be a 'muqabla' (contest).
while the bjp-led nda commands an absolute majority in lok sabha, it lacks numbers in the upper house where congress is the largest party and holds key to the passage of the crucial legislations, including gst and land bill.
senior nda ministers had on thursday held a meeting to chalk out the strategy for pushing the government's legislative business in view of the opposition parties closing ranks on various issues.
the government has finalised 35 items of business for the monsoon session, which included nine bills pending in rajya sabha and four pending in lok sabha, besides introduction of 11 new bill.
govt rejects cong demand for resignation of swaraj, iraninew delhi, jun 24, 2015, (pti) 18:00 istthe government today rejected congress demand for resignation of union ministers sushma swaraj and smriti irani over 'lalitgate' and 'fake degree' controversies, saying our ministers do not do all that their (upa's) ministers used to do.
our ministers do not have to resign.
this is not their (congress') government.
this is nda government, home minister rajnath singh told reporters at the cabinet briefing.
he was asked how will the monsoon session run smoothly as the congress has been demanding resignation of at least three bjp ministers over the controversies.
congress kept up its attack against the nda dispensation, seeking the sacking of external affairs minister swaraj from the union council of ministers and resignation of rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje on the 'lalitgate' issue.
besides, the party's student wing nsui today held a protest outside shastri bhavan seeking immediate resignation of hrd minister smriti irani, accusing her of holding fake degrees.
while the home minister was dismissive of the demand of resignations, telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad reasoned that the nda ministers do not do all that was being done by ministers in the upa government.
let me add, our ministers do not do all that their (upa's) ministers used to do, prasad said, in an obvious reference to scandals during upa era involving then union ministers.
the remarks by the two senior ministers came a day after bjp mp r k singh had struck a discordant note over swaraj and raje allegedly extending help to former ipl boss lalit modi, saying any help to a fugitive is legally and morally wrong.
singh's strong comments were the first public criticism by a ruling party mp against the help extended to modi by swaraj and raje, an issue which has snowballed into a major political controversy for the narendra modi government even though bjp has defended both the leaders.
swaraj and raje have been facing flak from the opposition for helping modi in procuring travel documents in the uk.
off the recordjune 22, 2014, dhns: 22:56 istno lobbyingunion minister ravishankarprasad prasad, who handles law and justice, communications and it, has decided to follow every word of prime minister narendra modi's diktat to the ministers.
he has made it clear to the officials that he will not entertain any kind of lobbying, considering that the 2g spectrum scam has left many reputations tattered.
he would meet representatives of the industry only in groups rather than as heads of individual companies.
his instruction to his aides, officials and industry captains is that the days of influence peddling are over.
my job is to ensure that decisions are taken in a fair and transparent manner.
you (industry rivals) can fight your battles on your own turf and not inside the government.
prasads immediate task is to restore the efficiency of the state-run mtnl and bsnl, which he feels were deliberately mismanaged to help some private operators.
shekhar iyer, new delhindas hintsboth the aiadmk and the biju janata dal are yet to respond to hints from prime minister modis aides to form a parliamentary group to stake claim for the post of the leader of opposition (lop) in the lok sabha.
the two parties together make up for 47 mps, three more than the congress tally of 44 mps.
one suggestion was that these two parties could take turn to be the lop.
but the aiadmk mps, barring of course m thambidurai, are averse to this idea.
thambidurai thinks that any position is welcome as tamil nadu chief minister jayalalithaa is not likely to take a decision to join the nda in the immediate future.
other aiadmks mps would rather await ministerial berths.
on the other hand, bjd mps say the idea is not workable.
new lok sabha speaker sumitra mahajan is supposed to take a call on the lop issue when parliaments budget session begins in the first week of july.
si, new delhibirthday giftthe much-publicised but much-delayed all india institute of medical sciences (aiims) in patna will be formally inaugurated by prime minister narendra modi on december 25, which incidentally happens to be the birthday of former pm a b vajpayee.
vajpayee, as the nda prime minister, had conceptualised the creation of six new aiims in the country to provide a better healthcare facilities to the people.
this was announced by union health minister harsh vardhan who was here on a two-day bihar visit.
i have asked the officials concerned to complete the project by december so that modiji could hand it over as a birthday gift to the common people, he said.
actually, the foundation for aiims was laid by the then health minister sushma swaraj.
more than a decade later, it will be a bjp prime minister who will formally inaugurate it.
but a million dollar question is whether modi will invite his bete noire nitish to gracethe occasion?
abhay kumar, patnatopi politicssenior uttar pradesh minister azam khans anger toward members of the muslim community for not supporting the samajwadi party (sp) unitedly in the recently concluded lok sabha elections came to the fore at a government function recently when he told the community leaders that they should not offer topi (skull cap) to the chief minister akhilesh yadav, when the latter comes on the stage to address them.
it was nothing but a dikhawa (a mere show), azam said.
last time you (leaders) had offered the topi to akhilesh.
.
.
do not do it this time, he told them.
azam said what mattered was the real support.
muslim votes were divided and as a result we lost the polls, he went on to add.
what the senior minister actually meant was though the sp regime had done so much for the muslim community it did not favour the party in the polls.
after all to offer topi also means to trick someone into believing something unreal.
new delhi, mar 29, 2017, (pti) 13:34 isttaking a serious view of public sharing of aadhaar details of m s dhoni, the unique identification authority of india has blacklisted for 10 years the entity that had enrolled the ace cricketer.
the uidai has also ordered an inquiry to determine any possible involvement of others and take action as per the aadhaar act.
we have blacklisted vle (village level entrepreneur) who enrolled m s dhoni for leaking aadhaar receipt which carried his personal information.
at uidai, we are very strict on the privacy issue.
we have ordered further inquiry on the matter and action will be taken against all those involved in the leak, uidai ceo ajay bhushan pandey told pti.
he also said action will be taken even against those involved in tweeting the picture of the receipt through the official twitter account (cscegov) of the state-run csc e-governance services.
the uidai crackdown came after dhoni's wife sakshi flagged the matter and complained about it to law and it minister ravishankarprasad prasad, who promised swift action.
the agency's common services centre (csc) through its handle @cscegov posted a tweet yesterday saying ace cricketer mahendra singh dhoni and his family get their aadhaar updated at vle mariya farooqui's cse at ranchi, jharkhand.
prasad was tagged in the tweet.
it included a photograph of the cricketer with a csc representative and another of his personal details on what appeared to be the aadhaar website.
the tweet with the information was later removed.
is there any privacy left?
information of aadhaar card, including application, is made public property, sakshi had tweeted.
while thanking sakshi for bringing up the issue to his notice, prasad said, sharing personal information is illegal.
serious action will be taken against this.
defiant sharad yadav ready for debate on women's complexionnew delhi, march 16, 2015, (ians) 18:20 istjd-u chief sharad yadav on monday said his comments on women's complexion were misinterpreted and refused to apologise, stating that he was ready for a debate on the topic.
the janata dal-united (jd-u) leader had got away lightly when he made the comments last week, as several members laughed them over.
he, however, faced the heat on monday over his remarks as human resource development minister smriti irani said he did not need to comment on women's complexion at all.
yadav, during the debate on the insurance bill in the rajya sabha last week, spoke on india's obsession for fair skin, and said: your god is dark like ravishankarprasad prasad, but your matrimonial ads insist on white-skinned brides.
referring to complexion of south indian women, he said: the women of the south are dark but they are as beautiful as their bodies.
.
.
we don't see it here.
they know (how to) dance.
after much uproar over yadav's comments across the country, union minister ravishankarprasad prasad on monday said: comments were made on south indian women, i was also mentioned, i remained quiet.
i want to keep myself away from that comment.
i completely disagree with the comment.
ask the member to withdraw the comment, he urged the chair.
trying to clarify, yadav said his comments were misinterpreted.
there are more dusky women in india and in the world.
.
.
i can discuss the issue with anyone, we are in favour of indian culture.
irani, responding sharply, said the member should not comment on the complexion of women in any way.
i appeal through you (chair) to the gentleman, do not make comments about the colour of any woman's skin.
you (yadav) are a senior member, a very wrong message is going to the rest of the country, she said.
yadav responded by saying: i strongly refute the allegation.
from (mahatma) gandhi to (ram manohar) lohia, i have all the record of what has been said about women.
a lot of struggle has been done for women with dark complexion, he said, to which irani responded by saying: please don't do this.
naming lohia and gandhi and commenting on women.
dmk leader kanimozhi too joined irani in her protest against yadav.
women from all parties are together, we demand a regret on it, she said.
deputy chairman p.j. kurien said he would not allow a discussion on the issue.
white complexion or dark complexion, it is all the same, i am not allowing a discussion on this, kurien said.
leader of opposition ghulam nabi azad said the issue should not be discussed as it will get more complicated.
yadav, however, said he was ready to participate in a discussion.
there has been a long struggle against discrimination based on colour.
.
.
i am ready to participate in a debate any time, said yadav.
congress wants trai probed for releasing details of mailersnew delhi, apr 28, 2015, dhns: 1:24 istthe congress on tuesday demanded a probe against the telecom regulatory authority of india (trai) for revealing the names and email addresses of people who wrote to the regulator expressing their views on net neutrality.
gourav gogoi, a congress mp from assam, raised the issue in the lok sabha during zero hour and said the trai had exposed activists arguing in favour of net neutrality to hackers.
mallikarjun kharge, the leader of the congress in the lower house, concurred, and demanded a statement from the minister of communication and information technology ravishankarprasad prasad.
gogoi raised the issue in the house just days after congress vice-president rahul gandhi spoke on net neutrality in the lok sabha.
gandhi had argued in favour of protecting the basic right of every indian citizen to free internet.
in a grave error, the trai yesterday (on monday) published the names and email addresses of all these 10 lakh activists.
the seriousness of this crime can only be gauged if the house imagines what happens if a bank leaks the names and account details of all its account-holders, said gogoi.
that is the same damage done to these 10 lakh activists.
their names and email addresses are now exposed to hackers, online criminals, cybercrimes and spamming, said the congress mp, adding that the ministry of information technology and communications should launch a strict investigation into the regulatory body and identify the lapses in the security procedures.
he questioned why the trai had infringed upon the right of security and online privacy of 10 lakh citizens.
govt restricts media entry to 1965 indo-pak war exhibitionnew delhi, sep 15, 2015, dhns: 0:35 istcontinuing the media gag, the nda government has restricted media entry to an exhibition on tuesday to commemorate the 1965 indo-pak war.
the exhibition is be attended by defence minister manohar parrikar and finance minister arun jaitley.
though there were initial plans to allow the general public and entry passes were made, the plan was changed at the eleventh hour.
it has now been decided that only official and semi-official media will be permitted at the event.
the exhibition is a part of the ongoing nda campaign claiming victory in the 1965 india-pakistan war ignoring the generally accepted historical account of the 15-day battle ending in a draw.
communication minister ravishankarprasad prasad and senior officials from the armed forces will also attend the inauguration of the five-day exhibition, which would be thrown open to the public soon after the morning event.
besides recreating the war scenes, tales of valour and memorable moments from 1965 campaign, the exhibition would also showcase the jeep used by 1965 war hero abdul hamid, who single-handedly destroyed three paksitani patton tanks before being gunned down by the enemy.
hamid received the param vir chakra.
prime minister narendra modi was scheduled to inaugurate the exhibition, but cancelled his programme because of delegation-level talks with sri lanka.
meanwhile, elaborate plans are being made to take a contingent of parliament members to goa and officials from the defence ministry to kochi for regular meetings.
parliament members would be in goa on september 20 for a meeting of the consultative committee.
new delhi: sep 23, 2015, dhns 1:50 istthe centre on tuesday withdrew the controversial draft encryption policy that sought to make it mandatory for all to store mobile, internet and social media messages for 90 days and hand it over to law enforcement agencies when asked.
following public uproar, telecom and it minister ravishankarprasad prasad said a revised policy would be placed in the public domain after reworking some of the expressions that gave rise to misgivings.
at a post-cabinet press briefing, prasad said the draft national encryption policy was not the governments final view, and was placed in the public domain just to seek peoples comments and suggestions.
i wish to make it very clear that it is just a draft and not the view of the government.
but i have noted some of the concerns expressed by certain enlightened segments of the public.
i have personally seen that some of the expressions used in the draft are giving rise to uncalled-for misgivings, he said.
therefore, i have written to deity (department of electronics and it) to withdraw that draft, rework it properly and thereafter, put in the public domain for comments.
he said.
the minister stressed that common users would not come under the ambit of the encryption policy.
the new draft will clearly state which services and creators it would apply to and which ones will be exempt.
as the draft was criticised on social media and by the opposition as a threat to privacy, the government on tuesday clarified that the social media sites, including whatsapp, facebook and twitter, payment gateways, e-commerce and password-based transactions were exempt from the policy.
however, hours later, the government decided to withdraw the entire draft encryption policy.
the minister, also said there is a need for an encryption policy which would apply to those who are involved in encrypting a messaging product for a variety of reasons.
stating that there are obvious concerns over security, prasad said: we lack a sound policy on encryption.
an expert committee recommended, within the ambit of the information technology act, that we need to have a proper encryption policy.
biometric data of 99 cr indians collected; data encrypted:govtnew delhi, mar 11, 2016 (pti) 17:32 istbiometric data of about 99 crore indians have been collected so far under aadhar scheme and the data is encrypted and its secrecy and security ensured, the rajya sabha was informed today.
it minister ravishankarprasad prasad also set aside fears of members on the data collected under aadhar and said it is sorted within the country at data centres in bangalore and manesar and no foreign agency is involved in data collection.
today we have got 99 crore indians on aadhar.
in case of direct benefit transfer scheme, rs 15,000 crore was saved and in case of pds, rs 2,346 crore was saved in four states.
as far as privacy part is concerned, i want to assure this house that under the architecture which was started by your government, all the care has been taken to ensure its privacy, he said during question hour.
he said as far as the legislation in this regard is concerned, the house will get the occasion to examine it and there are privacy provisions in it.
as far as i can recall, the core biometerics cannot be shared even with the consent with its owner, he said, adding that all apprehensions will be allayed when it comes up before the house.
the bill is pending before the lok sabha.
prasad said as of now, the issue of challenge to aadhar is pending before a constitution bench of the supreme court which had passed certain interim orders.
thereafter, the authority and many other bodies went (to it) and supreme court has permitted invoking the benefits through the aadhar platform for a variety of services including mnrega.
it only will create an enabling atmosphere through the platform of aadhar, depending upon how you choose the particular service to be delivered by various government departments, he said.
as regards the agency which undertakes the data collection, there is a three-tier architecture - first the state government, public sector banks and the common service centre.
no agency linked to any foreign agency is there in this, prasad said, adding that once the biometrics is collected, it gets encrypted immediately and its sanctity is maintained.
there are nearly 99 crore data (which have been collected) and no allegations have come that my knowledge that the biometrics have been sought to be abused or it has been pilfered, he said.
govt not to remove 'secular', 'socialist' words from constitutionnew delhi, feb 25, 2015, (pti) 14:48 istopposition today raised a hue and cry over a union minister's call for a debate on the words 'secular and socialist' in the preamble of the constitution but government ruled out any proposal to remove these words.
raising the issue during zero hour, jyotiraditya scindia also sought to raise the controversial remarks about mother teresa by rss mohan bhagwat but was dissallowed by speaker sumitra mahajan.
scindia was supported by several opposition members.
ravi shankar prasad (minister) recently sought a debate on the preamble.
shiv sena also supported him.
supreme court had said several times that these (words) are an inviolable part of the constitution, he said, adding that this coupled with events like 'ghar wapsi' shows the true face of the modi government.
scindia noted that prime minister narendra modi had recently said the only scripture for the government is the constitution and us president barrack obama had also spoken about the need for religious tolerance.
we condemn what the minister has said and we seek clarification from the government, he said.
parliamentary affairs minister m venkaiah naidu, however, said the government has nothing to do with these statements concerning the preamble of the constitution.
there is no proposal from the government.
there is no question of any change to what has been brought about in 1976.
referring to republic day advertisements which carried the original preamble that did not have these two words, the minister said one should not come to any conclusion from them.
when opposition members insisted on raising the matter concerning mother teresa, the speaker staunchly dissallowed it.
there is no one from the institution to respond.
.
.
i also have some authority.
i am not allowing it, she observed, apparently not happy with the attempt of mallikarjun kharge of congress to raise the issue again.
parliament 'washout' session endsnew delhi: august 14, 2015, dhns 2:47 istit was curtains on the four-week long monsoon session of parliament on thursday which was marked by disruptions rather than debate between the congress and the bjp-led national democratic alliance (nda) government.
the scenes of acrimony spilled on to the streets with the congress and bjp staging tit-for-tat protests within parliament premises blaming each other for not passing legislations.
as the house convened on july 21, the government appeared to be on the back foot with external affairs minister sushma swaraj and two bjp chief ministers  vasundhara raje of rajasthan and shivraj singh chouhan of madhya pradesh  facing allegations of impropriety.
the congress made the most of it by stalling both houses almost every single day leading to a washout and delaying crucial laws such as the goods and service tax bill and amendments to the land acquisition bill.
the only saving grace for the government was the transaction of financial business and passage of some minor legislations, but this came with a price  boycott of the lok sabha proceedings by all opposition parties, barring the aiadmk and the bjd, to protest the suspension of 25 congress members for creating unruly scenes in the house.
minutes before the lok sabha and the rajya sabha was adjourned sine die on thursday, congress mps and friendly parties staged a walkout from both the houses raising slogans against the government and demanding prime minister narendra modis response on lalitgate and vyapam controversies.
members of the congress, ncp, left parties, trinamool congress, iuml, sp and the jd(u) did not return to parliament for the customary valedictory address by the presiding officers of the respective houses.
they staged demonstrations in parliament premises raising slogans and waving placards against the government.
not to be left behind, modi and bjp president amit shah addressed a meeting of nda members and later took out a march within parliament premises to protest against the congresss politics of disruption.
bjp veteran l k advani, senior ministers, including rajnath singh, m venkaiah naidu and ravishankarprasad prasad, walked the 200 metre distance from parliament house to vijay chowk waving placards against the congress.
the bjp also decided to take the battle against the congress and the left to their respective parliament constituencies.
modi issued directions to party mps to extensively tour the 53 constituencies of the congress and the left members to tell voters how their representatives paralysed parliament without reason.
addressing a press conference, finance minister arun jaitley said one union minister and four mps from the nda will hold public meetings and events in the constituencies of 44 congress mps and 9 from the left parties.
the congress fielded its vice-president rahul gandhi and former union minister p chidambaram to counter the bjps allegations on the bofors scandal and dared the prime minister to bring controversial former ipl commissioner lalit modi back to india.
people will vote against corruption and inflation: kejriwalnew delhi, feb 7, 2015, (pti) 11:56 istas delhi votes for a new government, aap chief arvind kejriwal today exuded confidence of getting a clear mandate for his party and said truth will triumph.
i am confident that aap will win the elections and form government in delhi, he told pti after casting his vote at b k dutt colony.
kejriwal is seeking re-election from the prestigious new delhi constituency where he had handed down a crushing defeat to then chief minister sheila dikshit by a whopping 22,000 votes.
i am confident that truth will win, people will win.
and the people will vote this time to get rid of corruption and inflation, kejriwal saidbjp's nupur sharma and congress' former delhi minister kiran walia are the other main contenders in the new delhi seat.
appealing to people to come out and vote, kejriwal said, it is important to vote.
everyone should remember god and cast their votes.
earlier, kejriwal in a tweet said, take a bath and head out to vote with a prayer.
you will definitely win.
after casting his vote, the aap chief posed for pictures with the polling staff and some of them even took selfies with him.
as media personnel jostled each other outside the polling booth, kejriwal was escorted out of the booth from a back door.
the bjp, which is out of power in delhi for the last 16 years, made a strong bid to win the polls as the party fielded around 120 mps and scores of union ministers including arun jaitley, rajnath singh, sushma swaraj, ravishankarprasad prasad, uma bharti, dharmendra pradhan, m venkaiah naidu for campaigning.
prime minister narendra modi, in his four rallies, mainly targeted aap while appealing to people to give him an opportunity to make delhi reach new heights in development.
the aap, which has mainly confined its campaign to door-to-door approach and corner meetings, is seen a major force with number of opinion polls giving a clear mandate to the party.
new delhi, jan 11, 2015 (pti) 22:00 istgearing up for the bihar assembly elections due in 2015, the bjp today set an ambitious target of winning 185 seats in the high-priority state, where it had won 31 out of 40 seats in the last lok sabha polls.
at a meeting of top leaders chaired by party president amit shah here today, the bjp discussed strategies to capture around three-fourths of seats in the 243-member bihar assembly, through its 'mission 185'.
indicating its highest focus on victory in bihar, the bjp has set for itself another major goal of enrolling 75 lakh members in bihar alone, out of its total nationwide membership target of 10 crore.
party sources said shah personally urged party leaders to meet the membership target by march 31 following which he will hold a major outreach programme in the state in the form of a public rally at patna's famous gandhi grounds on april 14.
shah in a marathon meeting today discussed bihar election strategies with bjp's core group from the state comprising senior leaders like sushil kumar modi, nand kumar yadav and mangal pandey, besides state in-charge bhupinder yadav and bjp joint general secretary (organisation) sudan singh.
others present at the meet were union ministers radha mohan singh, ravishankarprasad prasad, rajeev pratap rudy, ram kirpal yadav and former minister shahnawaz hussain.
the sources said the bjp's ambitious target in bihar stems from the growing public disenchantment with the recent jdu-rjd alliance and visible strains in relationship between former arch rivals nitish kumar of jdu and lalu prasad of rjd.
bjp president amit shah today chaired the meting of top bihar leaders asking them to strengthen the connect with the people and continuing repeating the performance the party had in the recent lok sabha polls when it won 31 out of 40 seats, said shahnawaz hussain after the meeting.
the focus of the party will be on bihar assembly polls now and all leaders have been asked to move out in a major public outreach programme to ensure the party's success.
.
.
the bjp president will meet all bihar bjp leaders on january 23 and 24 during his two-day visit to the state, hussain said.
electoral success in bihar is crucial to bjp's strategy to muster a majority in the rajya sabha where its legislations are facing roadblocks on account of lack of numbers.
judges suspect their phone tapped: kejriwalnovember 01, 2016, new delhi, dhns 1:39 istjudges are jittery as they fear the centre is snooping on their phone conversations, delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal said on monday.
the aam aadmi party leader made the sensational charge at the golden jubilee celebrations of the delhi high court.
he said he had overheard judges talking about being under surveillance.
the audience comprised prime minister narendra modi, ministers, chief justice of india t s thakur, judicial officers and bureaucrats.
the charge was soon refuted by union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
i wish to deny with all the authority at my command that the phones of judges have been tapped in india at all, he said.
prasad declared the independence of the judiciary was fundamental, unimpeachable and uncompromising as far as the government was concerned.
the prime minister and others in the cabinet, he said, had fought during the emergency for the cause of judicial independence, individual liberty and freedom of the media.
the rebuttal came in the presence of modi.
kejriwal had said he overheard judges telling each other that they should not talk on phones because they could be tapped.
he subsequently clarified, i dont know whether it is true or not, but there is widespread fear.
if it is true that phones are tapped, then judges can be influenced.
.
.
justice thakur called for upholding judicial ethics, and cautioned any aberration could bring disrepute to the entire system.
litigate less, pm tells govtprime minister narendra modi on monday pitched for reducing the burden on the judiciary, days after the supreme court slammed the centre for unduly delaying judicial appointments.
since the government is the biggest litigant, the load can be brought down if a considered view is taken before cases are filed, he said.
the government figures in about 46  of all cases in indian courts.
lucknow, jan 29, 2012, (pti): 23:17 istlet rahul gandhi become the prime minister.
.
.
two years term is still left.
.
.
let people know how much ability he has to run the country, bjp national general secretary and chief spokesman ravishankarprasad prasad told reporters here.
more so, he does not need anything to become the pm, he only needs to ask manmohan singh to step down, he added.
prasad also accused congress, sp and bsp of poralising muslim votes.
population of up is 20 crore.
.
.
whether the minorities alone are the voters.
.
.
this is deeply unfortunate, the bjp leader said.
meanwhile, reacting to bjp's attack congress leader abhishek manu singhvi said prasad's suggestion indicates the party's acceptance of rahul's ability to serve as the prime minister of the country.
prasad has accepted the reality.
bjp knows the leadership ability of rahul gandhi very well and it's defeat reflects from this statement, he said.
confidant of congress' victory in all the five poll bound states, singhvi said that rahul's leadership was like a storm of victory in the poll ground.
in a reply to a question the congress leader said that a delegation led by him met officials of the election commission in which the issue of notice to law minister salman khurshid on his statement on muslim reservation was also raised.
telcos can now install mobile towers on govt buildingsnew delhi: aug 12, 2015, dhns 10:38 istaiming to address mobile call drop problems, the government has decided to allow telecom firms to install mobile towers on government buildings.
in a recent meeting between department of telecom and ministry of urban development (ud) officials, the ud ministry agreed to allow telecom firms to install towers on government buildings under their control subject to structural safety and payment of appropriate licence fee by telecom service providers (tsp), telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad said in a written reply to lok sabha on wednesday.
such mobile towers should be a shared facility for all operators, he said, adding that to prevent call drops, installation of more towers is necessary.
further, the minister said, the dot has pro-actively engaged in allaying the apprehensions of adverse effects on health due to emf radiations from mobile towers.
prasad said moud and chief ministers of states have been addressed for providing single window clearances, space in government land and buildings for mobile sites, speedy right of way (row) clearances and ensuring 24x7 power.
prasad said that in order to assess the gravity of problem of call drops, the telecom enforcement, resource and monitoring (term) cells have been asked to take up special audit to assess the coverage or quality of service in metro or capital cities of all mobile operators network in respect of key performance indicators.
in addition to the existing provision of financial disincentives to tsps for failing to meet the quality of service benchmark parameters prescribed by trai.
.
.
on the issue of compensating consumers for dropped calls, trais views has been sought by dot, the minister added.
service providers have complained to the government that it was not easy for them to find many spots to install mobile towers as private citizens are apprehensive of the emf radiations.
as a result of inadequate number of towers, companies could not address call drops issue.
nscn-k banned by govt for five yearsnew delhi, sep 16, 2015 (pti) 15:45 istthe government today banned for five years naga militant outfit nscn-k, which has been involved in a series of attacks, including the killing of 18 soldiers of the army in manipur in june.
the decision has been taken at a meeting of the union cabinet chaired by prime minister narendra modi here.
the nscn-k responsible for explosions, ambushes and bombings has been declared as an unlawful organisation for a period of five years, union telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad told reporters here after the cabinet meeting.
prasad said the decision has been taken by the government after much deliberations taking into account the recent activities of the naga insurgent group.
this has been done based on objective evidence after elaborate considerations, prasad said.
union home secretary rajiv mehrishi said the nscn-k was declared a banned organisation after deliberations and though and following due legal process.
prasad said the nda government wants to have dialogue with all insurgent groups in the north-east as per a policy announced by the then prime minister atal bihar vajpayee.
the ban on nscn-k, led by s s khaplang, came days after the national investigation agency, probing the june 4 incident in manipur, where the outfit's cadres killed 18 army soldiers, declared a reward of rs 7 lakh for giving information about khaplang and rs 10 lakh about one of his deputies niki sumi.
the nscn-k had unilaterally abrogated the ceasefire agreement with the government in march and since then has been involved in a series of attacks including killing of eight jawans of assam rifles in nagaland.
sources said there were differences within the government over declaring the nscn-k as an outlawed organisation under the unlawful activities (prevention) act.
while the home ministry officials had been insisting for declaring it as a banned group, the interlocutor for naga talks r n ravi was reportedly in favour of reopening talks with the group.
a delegation of naga civil society, with government's consent, has already gone to myanmar to persuade khaplang to come to the negotiating table.
khaplang is a myanmarese naga and is believed to be now at taga, a border town in myanmar.
however, the nscn-im, which entered into an agreement with the central government to bring lasting peace in nagaland recently, has been demanding declaring nscn-k a banned group.
national socialist council of nagaland (nscn-k) led by khaplang has a strength of around 1,000 cadres with several camps across the border, a few of which were attacked by indians army commandos on june 9.
in may, nine militant groups of the northeast, including the nscn-k and the ulfa faction led by paresh baruah formed a conglomerate of insurgents called 'united national liberation front of west south east asia'.
ashish tripathi, new delhi, march 25, 2015, dhns: 6:45 istthe supreme court on tuesday struck down section 66a of the information technology act, which could land a person in jail for up to three years for posting offensive, annoying or inconvenient materials on internet.
a bench of justices j chelameswar and r f nariman held section 66a of the it act as unconstitutional for being in conflict with fundamental right of freedom of expression guaranteed by the constitution.
the court found that the provision would not fall within the reasonable restrictions of the freedom of speech as enshrined in the constitution.
the court, however, upheld validity of section 69a of the act which allowed the government to block websites which could affect sovereignty and integrity of the country, defence, security, friendly relations with foreign states or public order or for preventing incitement to the commission of any cognizable offence.
the verdict came as a relief to the growing social media users, who felt the statutory provision obstructed free speech, discussion, dissent, exchange of ideas and satire on social platforms.
the court held: section 66a is cast so widely that virtually any opinion on any subject would be covered by it, as any serious opinion dissenting with the mores of the day would be caught within its net.
such is the reach of the section and if it is to withstand the test of constitutionality, the chilling effect on free speech would be total.
finding the grounds of arrest were vague, the court said that liberty of thought and expression is a cardinal value and of paramount significance.
what may be offensive to one may not be offensive to another.
what may cause annoyance or inconvenience to one may not cause annoyance or inconvenience to another, the court said.
the apex court also agreed to the petitioners plea that the right to know of the public was affected by the legal provision.
law graduate shreya singhal was the first to approach the court in 2012, challenging the law after two girls were arrested for their comment on shutdown in mumbai following death of shiv sena supremo bal thackeray.
the provision was not enshrined in the it act 2000, but brought through an amendment in 2009 by the united progressive alliance government.
the regime change in 2014, however, saw no change of stand as the nda government strongly defended the law.
this was though in reversal of their stand on scrapping the provision.
the government was committed to free speech and section 66a would be used only when excesses were perpetrated, the government said.
the court, however, was not convinced.
governments may come and governments may go but section 66a goes on forever.
an assurance from the present government even if carried out faithfully would not bind any successor government, it added.
union it and communication minister ravishankarprasad prasad also welcomed the judgment.
we respect the freedom of speech and expression.
we respect communication of ideas on social media and we are not in favour of curtailing communication of honest dissent, opinion, disapproval or criticism on social media, he said.
mumbai, jan 10, 2016 (pti) 16:18 istasserting the government's stand on non-discriminatory access to internet, telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad today said the issue of net neutrality is being debated by trai and its report is awaited, following which a final view will be taken.
the issue of net neutrality is being debated by the trai (telecom regulatory authority of india) and we have to await the trai report.
thereafter, the government will take its structured view, prasad told reporters here.
amid a raging debate on providing equal internet access to all, the government had last year set up an expert panel to look into the issues of net neutrality.
net neutrality implies that equal treatment be accorded to all internet traffic and no priority be given to an entity or company based on payment to content or service providers, such as telecom companies, which is seen as discriminatory.
i have told the parliament that internet is the finest creation of human mind.
it must remain as a privilege and not become monopoly of the rich.
also, non-discriminatory access of internet shall be given, he said.
noting that a detailed report is being awaited from trai, prasad said decisions would be based on fair consultations with all concerned stakeholders.
we (the government) respect the freedom of social media and have larger commitment to non-discriminatory access, he added.
law minister ravishankarprasad prasad on monday dismissed the opposition charge that the government was stalling appointments to the higher judiciary.
he said the executive was not committing a cardinal sin by seeking reconsideration of some proposals sent by the supreme court collegium.
he also said that the judiciary had enough foresight and statesmanship to settle differences within and urged the political class to remain immune to the issue.
the law minister also made a veiled attack on the congress, claiming that parties which had lost in elections were using courts to hit out at the ruling party through sponsored litigation.
on allegations that the government was stalling appointments to the supreme court and the 24 high courts, prasad said neither the law minister nor the law ministry was a post office which would only process recommendations of the collegium on the appointment of judges.
the government had come under attack when it returned the collegium's recommendation to elevate uttarakhand high court chief justice k m joseph to the supreme court, citing seniority and regional imbalance.
not a post officehe said the government respected the verdict of the supreme court quashing the national judicial appointments commission act, which sought to give the executive a larger say in judicial appointments.
but i wish to make it very clear that the law minister or the law ministry is not a post office.
this fact i would like to very gently highlight.
even in the collegium system.
.
.
created by the three judgements of 1993, 1998 and 1999, the right of the government has been acknowledged to seek a reconsideration and also to give inputs, he said while addressing an event.
we have a constitutional role.
.
.
we shall continue to respectfully and gently convey our views.
obviously, the collegium has to take the call, prasad said.
he said in 2016, 126 hc judges, the highest number in the last 30 years, were appointed against the average 79 to 82 per annum since 1989.
in 2017, 117 hc judges were appointed and till now 30 hc judges have been appointed.
he said 30 additional judges posts were also created.
press trust of india, new delhi/kolkata/chennai, may 29 2017, 19:01 istthe raging row over ban on sale of cattle for slaughter at animal markets kept the political pot on the boil today, with west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee declaring her government will not accept it.
she called the ban imposed by the modi government undemocratic and unconstitutional, and said it would be challenged legally.
protests were organised in several parts of tamil nadu and the opposition dmk threatened to launch an agitation on may 31.
meanwhile, three youth congress workers, including its kannur district president were today suspended by the party for slaughtering a calf in public after its video went viral on social media and triggered outrage, in an apparent damage control exercise.
it is a deliberate attempt to encroach on the state's powers.
it is undemocratic, unconstitutional and unethical.
it is also an attempt to destroy the federal structure of the country, banerjee told journalists in kolkata.
we are not accepting the ban.
we will challenge it legally.
we will consult the state's advocate general on this matter.
i will request the centre not to interfere with the state's matter and destroy the federal structure, banerjee said.
protests were held in several parts of tamil nadu, including madurai, coimbatore, erode and hosur.
several activists of a little known pro-tamil outfit were detained in madurai where they had organised a beef eating contest.
a group of students at iit, madras, held a 'beef-fest' on their campus last night.
raising the pitch on the issue, opposition parties urged the aiadmk government to enact a law against the ban.
dmk slammed the e k palaniswami government for keeping mum on the matter when neighbouring kerala and karnataka had vehemently opposed the ban.
dmk working president m k stalin will lead a protest on may 31 in chennai against the ban, the party said, adding the fundamental right to choice of food granted by the constitution has been snatched away.
meanwhile, three youth congress workers--kannur yc district president rijil makkutty and activists joshi kandathil and sharafuddin--were suspended and the party distanced itself from the incident in which a calf was slaughtered in full public view.
kerala bjp president kummanam rajasekharan had posted the video of the incident on twitter, calling it cruelty at its peak.
later, police registered a case for slaughtering a calf in public during 'beef fests' organised across kerala by the congress and the left on sunday to protest the centre's ban.
the aicc in-charge of communications, randeep surjewala, said such action by congress workers was completely unacceptable and alien to civil society, our culture and founding principles.
anybody who has done so will have no place in the party and that's why the workers have been already suspended by the youth congress, he said in new delhi.
such elements have no place in the congress or in our culture.
indian culture is not to cause harm to any living being, much less to the holy cow which we all celebrate and revere, he said, in an apparent attempt to contain the adverse fallout of the incident.
congress vice president rahul gandhi had yesterday termed the incident thoughtless and barbaric.
the bjp denounced the kerala incident as shameful and provocative.
this is shameful and in many ways provocative.
political opposition happens but it is unfortunate that such an act has been committed happened, that too by youth congress workers.
it is unfortunate, union minister ravishankarprasad prasad told reporters in new delhi.
uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath questioned the silence of secular parties on the kerala incident.
i feel there is a lot of talk in the country to respect each others feelings and several organisations demand this in the name of secularism.
but why are they silent on the kerala incident?
he asked at a public felicitation by the akhil bhartiya vidyarthi parishad in lucknow last night.
why are the people who staged vociferous protests over the incidents in du and jnu silent on the issue?
adityanath, who had ordered strict enforcement on the ban on cow slaughter and a crackdown on illegal slaughter houses soon after coming to power, said.
even as the bjp and adityanath denounced the kerala incident, a senior bjp leader of garo hills in meghalaya tried to allay fears over a beef ban in the state which will have assembly polls next year.
in meghalaya, most of the bjp leaders eat beef.
the question of banning beef does not arise in a state like meghalaya, especially in garo hills.
bjp leaders in meghalaya are well aware of the historical background and the constitutional provisions in the hill areas for which beef ban will remain un-imposed, bjp's tura district president bernard n marak in a statement.
speaking to a national tv news channel, marak went a step ahead and said if voted to power the bjp would make efforts for bringing down beef prices in the state which were prohibitive.
we stand on the hills of three sisters (garo, khasi and jaintia) which are constitutionally autonomous.
these three sisters will decide what to ban and not to ban in their own land.
centre cannot dictate dos and donts in the scheduled areas as these areas do not fall under the regular regulations, he said.
new delhi, sep 22, 2015 (pti) 17:32 istcongress today said the modi government's hasty retreat on the contentious draft encryption policy re-establishes the strength of democratic dissent over tughlaqi farmans.
claiming the move was aimed at overriding all sense of individual freedom of speech and expression and encroaching upon the right to privacy, the party called for united efforts to repulse any move of the government to subjugate individual liberty again through the backdoor.
like in the case of net neutrality, a massive public outrage over encryption policy has made the government take a u-turn momentarily.
intent of the government, however, stands exposed.
all indians would need to stand united to ensure that the government does not bring back such policies to subjugate individual liberty again through the back door, congress chief spokesman randeep surjewala told reporters here.
surjewala said that the draft policy on encryption of the department of electronic and information technology first circulated, then amended and now withdrawn with a rider for re-issuing it, is a totalitarian, misconceived and a failed attempt of modi government.
alleging that subjugation of individual freedom, surveillance on the citizen and suppression of dissents have emerged as the dna of the government, he said in the last 16 months, the modi dispensation has made systematic, sinister attempts to quash dissent and undermine individual liberty.
he said another recent example is the authoritarian circular issued by the bjp-led government in maharashtra threatening to press sedition charge for legitimate criticism of government and political leadership.
besides, he said, contrary to the stated objective of creating an information security environment and secure transactions, the draft encryption policy gave the modi government a licence to indulge in 24x7 surveillance and monitor private lives of citizens, particularly the youth.
congress' sharp reaction came within hours of telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad announcing withdrawal of the draft encryption policy that sought to make it mandatory for everyone to store all messages, including those of whatsapp, for 90 days.
the draft encryption policy, released yesterday, wanted businesses, telcos and internet companies to store all encrypted data for 90 days in plain text which should be presented before law enforcement agencies whenever asked.
anil sinha, new delhi,july 1616,2012 21:36 istcounter take on global warmingglobal warming and ozone layer holes due to increasing carbon emissions are everybodys concern.
though in itself a subject of scientific contestation of late, rarely does a critique come from a writers platform, lest they be dubbed as non-specialists.
but daringly playing the contrarian on an open stage in chennai on friday was the veteran tamil writer and gnaanpeeth award winner, jayakanthan, with loads of wisdom from what life has taught him over the past seven decades to puncture popular cliches and exaggerated fears about global warming.
these are times even superstitions masquerade in scientific clothing, jayakanthan remarked in tamil at the launch of the popular tamil writer vairamuthus latest work, moondraam ulaga por (third world war) , an epic delineation of the travails of farmers, crushed by global warming on one hand and globalisation forces on the other.
jayakanthan refused to take the incredulous stuff that man and earth was doomed.
i dont believe life on earth will ever come to an end; there is nothing to panic as scientists also say that global cooling also occurs alongside global warming.
nature, i believe will strike a balance between both, jayakanthan said unflinchingly to stunning applause in the presence of the rationalist and dmk patriarch m karunanidhi who released the book.
m r venkatesh, chennaifrom garo hills to raisina hillstwo hours before the bjps presidential nominee p a sangma flew down to patna to solicit support for his candidature, bihar chief minister nitish kumar left for bettiah in north bihar.
such was the jd (u) strongmans itinerary that till sangma was in the town rubbing shoulders with the saffron brigade, he did not return to the state capital.
while nitish has openly and unequivocally supported pranab in the presidential race, bjp leaders argue that he did not want to meet eye ball to eye ball with sangma, backed by his alliance partner.
nitish is my friend.
and he will continue to be my friend, even if he does not support me, sangma, the former lok sabha speaker, said, trying to hide his discomfiture of nitishs absence from the state capital.
no matter whether i win or lose, but one thing is for sure.
a jp-type movement, which late jaya prakash narayan had launched in 1974, has to be started again to get rid of this upa government, said sangma, whose daughter agatha sangma is minister of state for rural development in the very same manmohan singh-led government.
people of india are angry and terribly disappointed over the price rise and corruption in this regime.
only a jp-type movement could provide the solution, he argued, while dwelling at length why the electorate should help a tribal from garo hills to reach raisina hills.
sangma is the biggest bridge which links north-east with the rest of the country, argued senior bjp leader and former union minister ravishankarprasad prasad, who accompanied sangma.
the former lok sabha speaker smiled and hoped a miracle could still send him to raisina hills.
abhay kumar, patnad rajas agonynot only the serious ideological issues, but also the non-serious interventions are making vice-presidential election difficult for left parties.
other day, a media-person entered the office of senior cpi leader d raja at cpi headquarters to have a feel of what was happening there.
witty raja welcomed him with the greeting that he was welcome to become a candidate for the post of vice-president of india.
the person, not prepared for the complement, asked him what the matter was.
raja, said laughingly, every other person comes to him to seek support for ones candidature for the post of vice-president.
so, we thought you were also in the fray.
the cpi stalwart explained how he was tired of entertaining people who drop in to request support for their candidature.
most of them are non-serious, he lamented.
the visiting media-person immediately understood the agony raja is going through.
his party was trying to strike a balance between the pressure of cpm, its strongest ally and the political line of opposing an upa candidate.
they could not strike this balance in presidential elections.
but this is being understood differently by independent aspirants who are looking at it as an opportunity to get their candidature sponsored by the cpi.
they seem to be unable to comprehend the seriousness of cpis stand of abstaining from the presidential election.
new delhi, aug 15, 2015, (pti): 14:06 istgovernment today extended the deadline for submission of public comments on the proposed policy framework for 'net neutrality' till august 20.
there has been a sudden surge in public comments on the proposed framework and the submission of views was earlier scheduled to close today.
last date for submission of suggestions and comments on report of committee on net neutrality through discussion forum under mygov.
in has been extended till august 20, 2015, the department of telecom said in a notice on its website.
the total number of public comments on the net neutrality recommendations by a panel set up by telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad has risen to over 33,600, from just around 700 on august 14.
the surge was seen following campaigns by online groups like save the internet and aib.
trai in april had received over 1 million comments on its paper over net neutrality with majority demanding implementation of ideal net neutrality.
net neutrality calls for equal treatment to all internet traffic without any priority treatment to an entity or company on the basis of payment for content or service providers such as telecom companies, which is seen as discriminatory.
the panel has proposed regulation of domestic calls through internet-based apps like skype, whatsapp and viber by putting them on par with services offered by telecom operator.
however, the committee has suggested a liberal approach to app-based international calls.
the pricing difference is around 12.
5 times in the case of a voice call and 16 times for messages between services offered by telecom operators and ott players, as per data put together by telecom regulator trai.
the debate picked up in india following telecom major bharti airtel announcing a plan to separately charge for voip calls at standard rates.
based on standard rates, usage of each gb of data for voip on 3g network would have costed about rs 4,000, while the same on 2g network would cost about rs 10,000.
airtel was then selling 1gb of 3g data for rs 249 and 1 gb of 2g internet for rs 175.
the company withdrew separate charge plan following protest from public.
the debate further heated up after airtel launched a zero rating platform which allowed free access of those websites who paid for joining the platform.
the government will firm up regulations on the issue after considering public opinion and telecom regulator the telecom regulatory authority of india's (trai) suggestions.
centre clears jallikattu ordinancechennai/new delhi, jan 20, 2017 (pti) 22:12 istmoving swiftly, the centre tonight cleared an ordinance on jallikattu, paving the way for tamil nadu government to promulgate it in an effort to end the protests that have paralysed the state for the last four days.
following up on prime minister narendra modi's assurance to the tamil nadu chief minister o panneerselvam, the ministries of home, law and environment vetted the state's draft ordinance and cleared the amendment that will denotify the bull from the list of performing animals.
this will ensure that provisions of prevention of cruelty to animals act will not apply to the bull.
the ordinance has been forwarded to the state government, a home ministry spokesman said.
it has been sent without the need of referring it to the president of india.
tamil nadu cabinet is expected to meet tomorrow morning to clear the ordinance and recommend it to the governor vidyasagar rao for promulgation.
rao, who is also governor of maharashtra, is reaching chennai tomorrow morning.
jallikattu bull-taming sport, an age-old annual event during pongal is very popular in tamil nadu.
the centre's move came as tamil nadu has been brought to a standstill by a shutdown and protests by students, youths and other sections demanding immediate staging of the traditional sport in alanganallur, epicentre of jallikattu, and other places.
the protesters have said they would not withdraw the agitation until the event is held.
earlier, panneerselvam, who stayed back in the national capital after his meeting with prime minister narendra modi yesterday, announced this morning that the state government would issue an ordinance in a day or two to allow jallikattu.
he said legal steps would be taken to remove all obstacles in the way of holding the sport.
home minister rajnath singh, on whom a large delegation of aiadmk mps called, as also environment minister anil dave and law minister ravishankarprasad prasad gave assurances of early steps by the centre to resolve the issue soon.
parallely, attorney general mukul rohatgi told the supreme court that the centre was in talks with tamil nadu to find a way out in the matter after which the court agreed not to pass judgement for a week on the jallikattu issue.
with the centre drawing flak, bjp sought to project that its government was actively engaged in resolving the issue.
the law minister said he has held discussions with bjp president amit shah on the issue, while union minister pon radhakrishnan and tamil nadu bjp chief tamilisai soundarajan flanked dave when he met the media.
though political parties have been kept away from the 'youth uprising', main opposition party dmk staged state-wide rail roko agitation, with its working president mk stalin leading the protests by squatting on tracks in mambalam.
stalin and kanimozhi besides many dmk workers were arrested.
stalin has also announced that he will observe a day long fast tomorrow.
the call for general strike by various trade unions including those affiliated to dmk and the left parties besides section of traders bodies led to a shutdown with shops and business establishments downing shutters and schools and colleges remaining closed across the state.
the tamil film industry expressed solidarity with jallikattu supporters, with top actors and actresses joining a silent protest.
film shootings were suspended for the day.
superstar rajinikanth, actors ajit kumar, surya, siva karthikeyan besides actress trisha, who had faced flak from the pro-jallikattu groups for her perceived opposition to the sport by reportedly being associated with peta, joined the silent protest.
autos and call taxis kept off the roads even as few government buses plied on the roads.
banking operations took a hit with workers taking part in protests.
employees of various it companies held placards and banners with slogans against ngo people for the ethical treatment of animals (peta).
many inter and intra-state trains were fully and partially cancelled while some others were diverted.
the suburban emu services ran late.
in chennai, all roads led to marina beach with men and women, clad in black, besides children joining the protest that has transcended political and other differences.
venkaiah slams rahul's remarksbangalore, apr 27, 2013, dhns : 2:06 istbjp leader venkaiah naidu, on saturday, hit back at congress leader rahul gandhi for his statement that bjp government in karnataka has created world record in corruption, saying the congress leaders promise of a clean administration was the joke of the century as congress and clean cannot go together.
alleging that upa is surviving with the help of cbi by threatening its allies, he accused rahul gandhi of defending the most corrupt in delhi and said he defends his corrupt ministers in delhi and comes to bangalore and assures clean government, he derided.
briefing reporters, he attacked the congress on various scams, including 2g spectrum, coalgate and commonwealth games, claiming the bjp was gaining in strength day by day in karnataka.
slamming the upa government for adopting the path of confrontation with the opposition, he said bjp is no mood to let passage of bills in parliament.
no question of bjps co-operation in passing bills in parliament.
confrontation and cooperation cannot go together, he added.
naidu said the jpc draft report on 2g issue, giving a clean chit to prime minister manmohan singh, was leaked, and the congress wants bjp members on jpc -- jaswant singh, yashwant sinha and ravishankarprasad prasad  removed.
naidu said the congress-led government has been caught on the wrong foot with cbis affidavit in the supreme court stating that its status report on coalgate was shared with law minister ashwani kumar and prime ministers office.
new delhi: sep 23, 2015, dhns 0:56 istbahujan samaj party chief mayawati on tuesday accused the narendra modi government of misusing the cbi to settle political scores.
she said this in the wake of the investigative agencys decision to quiz her in connection with the national rural health mission (nrhm) scam.
describing the move as political vendetta, the former uttar pradesh chief minister said she has no connection with the scam that runs into rs 10,000 crore.
the bjp, which is trying to use the cbi, should give up such tactics as such attempts have cost them dearly earlier, she told reporters here.
she also said the decision to question her four years after the scam came to light raises questions.
i do not succumb to pressure, i do not bend, she said adding the decision could be the handiwork of some casteist officers who are against dalits and backward castes.
the centre, however, rejected her allegations.
union minister ravishankarprasad prasad said the cbi works on the basis of proof.
there is no need to draw any other conclusion (from the agencys actions),he said.
cbi director anil sinha said the agency will proceed as per requirement.
the agency had on monday called mayawati for examination on two specific issues related to the nrhm scam: bifurcation of the uttar pradesh health and family welfare department and appointment of district project officers considered key to the scam.
huge sums had been siphoned off by politicians, bureaucrats and doctors from funds meant for the nrhm, aimed to provide health care facilities to rural people.
there were also irregularities in the supply of medicines and medical equipment.
addressing a press conference here, mayawati said the cbi is free to investigate her but questioned the timing of the move, saying it is a divert attention from the failure of the nda government to fulfil promises made to the people.
she said even before the cbi had informed her of the news, it was leaked to the media to demoralise me and my party workers ahead of bihar assembly elections.
no need to reconsider reservation: centrenew delhi, sep 22, 2015 (pti) 15:28 istthe centre today made it clear that it was not in favour of any review of the existing reservation system as more opposition parties attacked it over rss chief mohan bhagwat's suggestion that it should be reconsidered.
union minister ravishankarprasad prasad reiterated the line he had taken yesterday at a briefing in the bjp office, saying this was the stand of the party as well the government.
our government is not in favour of making any change in the existing reservation policy for the scs, sts, backward castes and extremely backward castes.
we believe that it is necessary for their economic, educational and social progress.
there is no need to reconsider it, he said.
prasad's assertion at a press conference following the cabinet meeting came even as bsp chief mayawati, who has a sizable influence among dalits in uttar pradesh, joined parties like lalu prasad-led rjd and nitish kumar's jd(u) in warning the government of nation wide stir if it tinkered with the quota system.
the former up chief minister said the government will have to pay a heavy price if it dared to make change in the reservation system at the rss' prodding.
govt mulls carrot and stick policy on dropped callsnew delhi, june 03, 2015, dhns: 1:29 istin the backdrop of frequent call drops faced by mobile phone users, telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad on tuesday said the government is exploring the possibility of implementing disincentives for telecom operators to counter the issue.
stating that the operators need to ensure call drops are minimised, the minister said telcos need to strengthen their system.
call drops need to be minimised.
they (private telecom operators) need to reinforce their mechanism.
i have directed officials in the department to work on a disincentive architecture (for the operators), said prasad.
telecom secretary rakesh garg has asked the member (technology) in the dot to work out whether the government can incentivise telecom firms that have minimum call drops and punish those with the highest call drops.
if required the proposal will be sent to trai for its suggestions.
a final call could be taken in six months, he said.
explaining the idea, garg cited the example of a telecom operator that is offering free calls in lieu of call drops.
at present, all service providers adhere to trai's 2 per cent call drop limit.
however depending on the area and time of the day, one in every five or 10 mobile calls get disconnected midway.
though the global limit for call drops is 2 per cent, the actual average is much lower.
operators contend that lack of spectrum and hurdles in installing mobile towers in residential areas because of radiation issues have led to frequent call drops.
modi's ministers to criss-cross the globenew delhi, sep 11, 2016 (pti) 19:40 istministers of the modi government will criss-cross the globe in the next three months as part of an outreach programme that will cover 68 countries to achieve the target of nda ministers having visited all the 192 nations with which india has diplomatic relations.
home minister rajnath singh will travel to hungary, which is among the countries not visited by any minister in the modi government.
apart from singh, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad will visit estonia and latvia and chemical and fertiliser affairs minister ananth kumar will be heading to tongo, while bjp ally lok janshakti party leader and food minister ram vilas paswan has been assigned to travel to mauritius.
the entire exercise is likely to be over by the year end.
noting that by 2016-end, the government will not leave any country where indian ministers have not gone, external affairs minister sushma swaraj, in letters to the ministers, said her ministry has identified 68 nations yet to be visited by them.
she has also conveyed that all the interactions in the visiting countries will be arranged by the respective ambassadors and, in case a minister was interested in visiting certain places in those countries, their itinerary will be made accordingly.
the aim of the visits, which is part of government's massive outreach programme, is to enhance bilateral ties and explore areas of cooperation, official sources said.
new delhi/chandigarh, march 28, 2012, dhns 2:09 istbundh to protest hanging hits normal lifein punjab earlier, tense moments had prevailed in some towns in view of the clemency plea.
normal life and trade was disrupted in certain parts of the state while a bandh passed off peacefully.
opposing any clemency efforts, rajoana issued another letter from jail in patiala through his foster-sister saying he had been waiting to be hanged and people should not resort to violence when hes hanged.
the centre is understood to have issued guidelines to stay the hanging, since a mercy petition was filed pleading clemency for the convict who was to be hanged on march 31.
punjab deputy chief minister sukhbir singh badal said the union home ministry has issued orders that the hanging would be in abeyance till the plea of the co-accused in the case was not dismissed.
the central bjp leadership has distanced itself from the stand taken by its long-standing ally sad (shiiromani akali dal) which has sought clemency.
on tuesday, prakash singh met bjp leaders l k advani, sushma swaraj, shanta kumar and arun jaitley to draw support for clemency.
the chief minister and his son, the deputy chief minister, also met senior bjp leader arun jaitley to ask him to plead the convicts case.
the bjp is clear on this issue.
the rule of law needs to take its course, bjp spokesperson ravishankarprasad prasad said.
the one-day bandh called by various sikh organisations against the proposed execution of balwant singh rajoana, a babbar khalsa international ideologue involved in the assassination of former punjab chief minister beant singh outside the punjab civil secretariat in chandigarh in august 1995, affected normal life and trade in punjab on wednesday.
barring stray violent clashes in certain areas which left a few with minor injuries, the bandh passed off peacefully.
shops, commercial establishments and educational institutions remained closed in several parts of the state.
the clemency announcement was instrumental in suppressing much of the surging charged-up sentiments, especially among hardliner organisations including dal khalsa and khalsa action committee.
in several places in punjab, sikh men wore saffron turbans, while women wore saffron duppatas as a mark of protest.
saffron flags atop religious places, houses and business establishments following the edict of akal takhtthe highest temporal seat of sikhismwas also seen in punjab on wednesday.
police used force to prevent protesters from marching towards the central jail in patiala where rajoana is lodged.
some clashes were also reported from jalandhar and kapurthala districts where protestors tried to down shutters.
flow of traffic on highways in patiala and amritsar too was disrupted.
a number of private and state-owned buses remained off the road.
besides flag march, punjab also saw elaborate security arrangements.
around 60,000 punjab police personnel and 15 companies of paramilitary forces were deployed across the state for maintaining the law and order.
section 144 banning assembly of five or more persons at a public place was imposed in chandigarh, the capital of punjab.
nitish accuses modi of promoting horsetradingnew delhi, feb 12, 2015, dhns: 1:28 istattack and counter attacks over bihar crisis continued in the national capital also on thursday.
before leaving for patna, jd-u leader nitish kumar accused prime minister narendra modi and his party of trying to script the decision of the bihar governor.
he alleged that the decision of governor keshri nath tripahti to ask jitan ram manjhi to undergo floor test on february 20 has been scripted in delhi.
the bjp refuted the allegation and said that kumar was in a hurry to become chief minister of the state.
the party maintained that it was internal matter of the jd-u and the bjp has no role to play.
the former chief minister led his mlas to bihar after parading them before the president on wednesday evening.
tracing the current political developments to the meeting of jitan ram manjhi with the prime minister, he said that the script for bihar was written after manjhi met the prime minister on february 8.
the licence of horse-trading was issued thereafter, he alleged.
first a delay in taking decision and then giving him more time only reveals that it is being done as per the script written in delhi.
it has been done to give adequate time to encourage horse-trading.
this has been decided at the highest level, kumar said.
it started after manjhi met the prime minister.
the governor was earlier convinced for an early floor test.
but things changed after manjhis meeting with the prime minister.
he (the governor) was pressured, he said.
all kinds of allurement including money are being made to mlas.
they are being offered ministerial chairs and even bjp tickets, he alleged.
in a point wise rebuttal of allegations made by the former cm, union minister from bihar ravishankarprasad told reporters that nitish has levelled baseless and shameful allegations on the bjp and we condemn and reject his statement.
nitish ji was running the government in bihar through jitan ji and when jitan ji removed people close to nitish ji, he got worried.
we want to ask, when did he gain peoples confidence again, that he has become so eager to be the chief minister, prasad stated.
'aadhaar-enabled payment system to be introduced on large scale'mangaluru: jan 26, 2017, dhns 23:46 istunion minister for law and it ravishankarprasad prasad said that aadhaar-enabled payment system would be introduced on a large scale in the country in the future.
though aadhaar -enabled payment systems have been introduced in a small scale in the country, it would cover the entire mass in the future.
speaking to reporters on the sidelines of digidhan mela organised by the ministry of electronics and information technology and niti ayog here on wednesday, he said once the aadhaar -enabled payment is introduced every shopkeeper would be able to make aadhaar-enabled payments.
under the system, merchants with simple android phones with a usb-based fingerprint capture device, can go for cashless transaction.
the merchant is required to have a bank account with an aadhaar number seeded to it.
the consumers only need a bank account with their aadhaar number seeded.
they can pay the shopkeeper by providing fingerprint in the biometric device attached to the mobile phone.
stating that demonetisation is part of a series of decisions taken by prime minister narendra modi for a clean transparent society, prasad said it has arrested terrorism, maoist movement, hawala trade, supari killing and human trafficking in the country.
digital payment and digital india helps the country to become digitally empowered.
there are 25 crore jan dhan accounts in the country.
subsidies are credited to the account holders.
as a result, the country has saved rs 36,000 crore in the last three years.
the digital payment helps in making india an honest and accountable country.
the minister said the government has been giving rewards to promote cashless digital payment.
the prize money goes upto rs 1 crore.
daily, 15,000 people would be lucky prize based on a lucky draw.
the central government has been spending rs 340 crore for this digital payment lucky draw.
digital india has been bringing about a revolutionary transformation in india, making an inclusive development a possibility, he added.
cashless transactionmp nalin kumar kateel said that cashless transaction has been introduced in remote balpa village of sullia taluk.
with the help of district administration and banks, efforts would be made to introduce cashless transaction in entire dakshina kannada district by march 31.
minister of state for drinking water and sanitation ramesh jigajinagi said the citizens and merchants should support for the success of demonetisation and introduction of digital transaction in the country.
the cashless transaction will help in arresting corruption in the country.
a total of 36 stalls were put by various nationalised banks, private banks, kmf, indian post, cellphone companies to create awareness on digital payment system.
the participants were explained various options available for digital payments to the visitors and were also assisted in downloading and installing various mobile apps for digital payments.
the lucky draw for using the digital transactions in across the country was carried out on the occasion.
accordingly, 11 persons who had carried out the digital transaction through ussd, 222 persons with upi, 410 persons with aeps and 14,357 with rupay card payments won the lucky grahak prizes.
union minister ravishankarprasad prasad presented laptops to five village level entrepreneurs of csc in karnataka for their commendable job in creating awareness about digital payment.
they are uma farook (hassan), ravishankarprasad (bidar), kailash (davangere), shivu (dharwad) and garima (bengaluru urban).
govt committed to revive postal department: prasadnew delhi, aug 20, 2015 (pti) 16:08 istcommunications minister ravishankarprasad prasad today said the government will revive the postal department by using over 1.
5 lakh post offices for furthering financial inclusion and payments bank is a step towards it.
the reserve bank of india has granted 'in-principle' approval to postal department to set up payments bank.
we have to make all the preparations in 18 months, which we will do.
the modi government is going to revive the postal segment and post payment bank is an indication to that, prasad told reporters here.
he said that the 1.
50 lakh post offices from kashmir to kanyakumari will play an important role in financial inclusion.
prasad said since becoming the communications minister, he has tried that postal department should move forward.
you know in e-commerce, postal department is moving forward, they have done business of about rs 600 crore in the last 2 months, he said.
the government will soon give handheld devices to all rural post offices, he added.
the payments bank licence will enable the department of post (dop) to offer banking services to the masses through its vast network of 1,54,000 post offices, of which 1,30,000 are in rural areas.
as per rbi guidelines, payments bank would offer a limited range of products such as demand deposits and remittances.
they will not be allowed to undertake lending activities and will initially be restricted to hold a maximum balance of rs 1 lakh per customer.
they will be allowed to issue atm or debit cards as other prepaid payment instruments, but not credit cards.
meanwhile, regarding electronic manufacturing the minister said, under msips scheme proposals worth rs 30,000 crore have come and approval has been given to around rs 12,000-13,000 crore.
differential data pricing plainly not acceptable: prasadnew delhi, feb 9, 2016 (pti) 20:19 iststating that internet cannot be allowed to be monopoly of few, telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad today slammed facebook's free basics programme and said such differential pricing modes are plainly not acceptable.
the minister said the trai's order on differential pricing for data services has enhanced india's image in the net community world over and established its maturity.
we are expanding digital india into nook and corner of the country, and taking extraordinary steps to empower the people through technology, to create a knowledge economy.
the very concept of differential pricing on data, whether it is free basics or any other mode, is plainly not acceptable, prasad told pti.
backing net neutrality, telecom regulatory authority of india (trai) has barred operators from charging different rates for internet access based on content, dealing a blow to facebook's controversial free basics and other such plans.
ruling against discriminatory pricing for different data platforms or content, trai said operators cannot enter into pacts with internet companies to subsidise access to some websites.
the move dealt a blow to facebook's plans to offer free basics service that allows free access to certain websites in partnership with a telecom operator.
zero tariff plans of other operators like airtel would also be impacted.
this view i have been holding since the day i became minister.
in this light, i fully welcome the tariff order of trai which has enhanced the image of india in the net community world over and establishes our maturity, he added.
the minister further said the government led by prime minister narendra modi fully respects the freedom of expression and discourse on social media and internet.
the view of our government from the beginning has been very clear, which i have also articulated in parliament, that is internet is one of the finest creations of human mind and it should not become the monopoly of few, prasad said.
facebook had launched an aggressive campaign to defend its free basics platform and argued that zero-rating plans can lead to increase in internet adoption at no cost to the government, the content provider or consumers.
the debate on net neutrality started after airtel decided to charge separately for internet-based calls in december 2014, but withdrew it later after protests.
the debate heated up after airtel launched free internet platform airtel zero and later facebook came out with its internet.
org, renamed as free basics.
vasundhara left to fend for herselfdalip singh, new delhi, june 18, 2015, dhns 1:51 istcricket & politics: no union minister supported rajasthan cmthe modi government and the bjp do not appear to be inclined to defend rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje unlike in the case of external affairs minister sushma swaraj, where the toss brass went all out to defend her.
both are accused of helping out fugitive former ipl chairman lalit modi to procure travel documents.
raje and swaraj incidentally are long time friends of business-cum-cricket administrator modi who has survived crackdown since 2010 due to his all-weather friends in different political parties and ruling elite.
raje is left to fend for herself after her name figured in the controversy.
state bjp leaders privately stated that none among the modi government ministers and central party leaders came out to publicly support the beleaguered chief minister.
eventually only state leaders and ministers had to guard her from charges that she gave a confidential testimony in support of lalit modis immigration application in the uk.
also, the rajasthan government under her leadership was accused of tying up with the same lisbon-based hospital two months after lalits wife underwent operation in the same institute to set up a top class medical facility for cancer patients.
rajasthan health minister rajender rathore appeared before television on wednesday and offered his head.
i accept responsibility if signing mou for providing technical support as health minister was a crime, rathore stated.
on the contrary, hours after the controversy broke out on news television on sunday, bjp president amit shah and union home minister rajnath singh had rushed to defend swaraj endorsing her version that she helped lalit on humanitarian ground.
when asked to comment on rajes case, telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad told reporters that sushma swarajs case was of a compassionate intervention for humanitarian cause.
in rajasthan case, surely they will revert.
he also deflected the issue by saying that we need to find out facts about the issue, new speculations everyday do not help.
the party, however, has asked leaders asking them not to speak out of turn.
raje, interestingly, had called on prime minister narendra modi on june 8, a day after the british media broke the modigate.
she had another meeting with swaraj later in the day.
though what transpired in both the meetings was not put out in public domain, the buzz in the party is that it might had to do with unravelling of messy details of her underhand support to lalit modi.
in the past too, raje had to bear consequences due to her proximity to lalit modi.
after becoming the chief minister again in 2013, raje tried to reinstall lalit modi as rajasthan cricket association president early last year but had to give up her plans what state bjp leaders said due to pressure from the bcci and central top leadership.
instead lalits former associate amin pathan was made the rca chief.
party sources recalled one of the reasons was that lalit during the last rajasthan assembly elections had accused two central leaders in his tweets of taking money in ticket distribution.
she had to bury her differences within the party by offloading lalit and only then she was able to expand her cabinet, stated another bjp leader.
state leaders guess it was perhaps that incident which might have provoked lalit modi to do the unthinkable  release innocuously documents through his pr team that has put his friend in a spot.
new delhi, apr 25, 2013, (pti) : 18:11 istahead of the adoption of controversial report on 2g scam, an all-out war broke out in the jpc today with opposition members demanding ouster of chairman p c chacko, a move swiftly countered by congress which sought removal of three bjp members.
15 members of jpc belonging to bjp, jd(u), aiadmk, dmk, left parties, tmc, and bjd met lok sabha speaker meira kumar to convey their no-confidence in chacko on grounds of highly partisan, unfair and prejudicial conduct besides alleged leakage of the draft report.
the members of eight parties wanted the speaker to replace chacko with someone else.
they put the demand on a day when a meeting of jpc to adopt the report was slated but cancelled in view of death of a trinamool congress member of the lok sabha.
the draft report has come under attack from opposition members for clean chit to prime minister manmohan singh and finance minister p chidambaram.
in the 30-member jpc, congress has 11 members, including chacko and its ally ncp has one member.
the opposition members alleged that chacko has failed in his duty to lead the jpc to bring out the truth.
instead he has used the jpc to conceal and subvert the truth, their letter to the speaker alleged.
hours later, congress countered the move, with its members meeting the speaker to demand removal of three bjp members -- yashwant sinha, jaswant singh and ravishankarprasad prasad, contending conflict of interest.
these members were instrumental in taking major decisions relating to the telecom sector that are being investigated into by the jpc as its terms of reference is spread over the period from 1998 to 2009, said letter by congress members to the speaker.
they pointed out that singh was chairman of a high-level group on telecom in 1998 and later head of a group of ministers on telecom in which sinha and prasad were members.
govt committed to complete independence of judiciary: law minallahabad, apr 2, 2017, (pti) 17:13 istunion law minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
pti file photogovernment is committed to complete independence of the judiciary, union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad today said.
he urged lawyers to volunteer to help the poor get access to justice and highlighted the steps being taken by the centre to reduce pendency, including minimising litigation by the state and meeting the long-standing demand of filling up vacant posts of judges.
the prime minister has said that government is committed to independence of the judiciary and that it should be complete, prasad said at the closing ceremony of the allahabad high court's sesquicentennial celebrations.
he said the government is committed to reducing pendency of cases, an issue highlighted by prime minister narendra modi as well as chief justice of india j s khehar at the event.
as a step in this direction we are setting up sahayata kendras (facilitation centres) that will be devoted to speedy disposal of such cases as may have been pending for 10 years or more.
a pilot project for legal aid was being launched for uttar pradesh and bihar, the minister said.
prasad exhorted those involved in the legal profession to help the government in achieving its objectives by devoting their time and energy in cases that may be pro bono and may not bring publicity.
the minister said that the process is on for finalising a national litigation policy.
already, i have at the direction of the prime minister written to chief ministers of states and my colleagues in the union council of ministers to ensure that the number of cases filed by the government is reduced as far as possible.
there has been a long-standing demand for filling up of vacant posts of judges.
that too will be taken care of, prasad said.
the union minister was speaking in the presence of prime minister narendra modi, uttar pradesh governor ram naik and chief minister yogi adityanath, among others.
there are nearly 5,000 vacancies in the subordinate judiciary and the pendency.
there are as many as 2.
7 crore cases pending in subordinate courts, and 38.
7 lakh cases pending in the high courts.
while the appointments in the higher judicary have been delayed over the tussle between the centre and the supreme court collegium over memorandum of procedure, the centre has often faulted the judiciary over the vacancies in lower courts.
however, the supreme court collegium last month finalised the mop for appointment of judges in the higher judiciary, ending a year-long face-off with the executive by agreeing to include the contentious clause of national security in selection of judges.
hailing the contributions of advocates in the freedom struggle, the minister said luminaries like mahatma gandhi, sardar patel and rajendra prasad had placed an ideal of kaabil vakil, tyaagi neta (competent lawyer, sacrificing leader) which all ought to follow.
prasad also recalled landmark judgements passed by the allahabad high court, including the one whereby the election of the then prime minister indira gandhi was declared illegal and another one way back in 1901 which held that a widow was entitled to receive maintenance.
i was myself privileged to be a counsel in yet another landmark case - the ayodhya title dispute.
i do not wish to speak about this case much since an appeal challenging the high court order is pending before the supreme court, prasad said.
committee to monitor broadband projectnew delhi, jan 24, 2015, dhns: 7:56 istthe department of telecom (dot) has set up a high-level panel to oversee the timely execution of the much-delayed national broadband network across the country.
the committee consists of anil bhargava, member-technology in the dot, aruna sundararajan, administrator, uso (universal services obligation) fund, v umashankar, joint secretary, dot, som mittal and kiran karnik, both former presidents of nasscom.
apart from suggesting suitable technological options to expedite the implementation of the national optical fibre network (nofn), the panel also recommend business models to be adopted for effective utilisation of bandwidth created under the scheme.
3-year delaythe nofn, which will be the backbone of the governments ambitious digital india programme, has been delayed by over three years.
with the prime minister narendra modi-led government setting the target of connecting all gram panchayats by december 2016 with broadband, state governments' help has been sought in the execution of the programme.
telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad has already written to all chief ministers urging them to treat the optical fibre network like a utility and allow for its provisioning along the lines of sewage disposal, lpg, water and other utilities.
bengaluru, nov 25, 2015 (pti) 21:10 istrahul gandhi today faced some embarassing moments when a large section of his student audience at a women's college responded in resonating 'yes' to his poser whether they thought prime minister narendra modis ambitious 'swachh bharat' and 'make in india' campaigns were working.
during an interaction with students of mount carmel college, a leading women's college here, the congress vice president took an instant poll asking the young audience about the twin flagship programmes while slamming the modi government.
gandhi asked the students whether 'swachh bharat abhiyan' ('clean india mission') was working, to which most replied in a resounding 'yes'.
it didnt end here as the congress mp again asked the students if they thought the 'make in india' programme was really working and the students again gave the same reply, making the leader apparently uncomfortable.
gandhi hastened to tell the audience that he differed with them.
you might see it i don't, said gandhi, who sported a grey t shirt, adding,anyway, i don't clearly see a vision that the bjp is projecting.
the interaction was the first in the series of gandhi's outreach to the students across the campuses in the country.
rahul later talking to reporters said the nature of the response of the students to his questions were not clear.
actually it was not clear.
on 'swachh bharat', half the room said nothing had happened and some said something had happened.
on 'make in india', i think more people said not much had happened, some said things have happened.
the kind of response by the students to rahul's poser led bjp to say his disconnect with the ground was exposed and shown through the mirror by the youths of the country.
when asked about swachh bharaat abhiyan and make in india, the youths of this country said that these concepts are moving ahead and rahul was shocked.
why was he shocked?
because of the very fact that he has a great disconnect, he does not know the vibrations on the ground.
leave aside the country, he cannot lead the youths of the country, bjp spokesperson sambit patra said.
he said rahul has no capacity to lead even the youths not to speak of the country.
his ignorance was snubbed by the young students, he said.
bjp secretary sidharth nath singh said gandhi's interaction with students at bengaluru should caution congress party and leadership that indian youth is not willing to accept obstructionist and negative agenda of congress.
the snap poll done by rg is a good indicator that pm modi's initiative like 'swachh bharat', 'make in india' and others have strong support of the youth.
it was quite heartening to learn that indian youth had straight questions on why gst and other reforms are being blocked.
we hope rg and congress would learn from the interaction that indian youth want parliament to function and therefore they would not disturb the winter session, he said.
congress chief spokesperson randeep surjewala, however, said gandhi answered questions unlike prime minister modi and this is the way for the country's leader to interact.
this is the way, the leader of the country should interact with the young and the countrymen everywhere -- sometimes disagreeing with them, sometimes agreeing with them and aswering their basic inquisitiveness on how india should look in 5 years, 10 years and 20 years.
rahul ji has answered, what no other political leader has done.
seeking to contrast rahul's interaction with that of prime minister narendra modi with students on november 14, surjewala alleged that a question asked by even a child was fixed two weeks back as reported by a newspaper.
rahul ji does not act like that.
he believes in democratic functioning of the country, the right to agree or disagree, he said.
another congress leader ghulam nabi azad dismissed suggestions that students snubbed rahul and claimed that on the contrary they replied in negative thrice when asked about the efficacy of centre's plans.
the students responded with 'no' thrice.
but they (bjp) fail to listen it.
they do not want to listen 'no'.
that is intolerance, he said.
on rahul's remarks at bangalore, union minister ravishankarprasad prasad said, i will give him a gentle unsolicited advice.
please don't take recourse on patent lies.
he told rahul, you talk about intolerance.
please be tolerant towards narendra modi and bjp, nda government for the massive majority that people of india have given to us.
we are doing well.
narendra modiji is being respected world over.
our performance is there and will improve further.
he said that even the young audience in bangalore apparantly contradicted what he was trying to say about our government.
who will govern india, people have decided and please be tolerant towards people of india, he said.
taking a jibe at gandhi, bjp secretary shrikant sharma said rahul has been exposed during his interaction with youth.
if he draws constructive lessons from it, then it will be good for the congress as well as the country, sharma said.
his image has become that of a leader against development and youth.
people have given him a chance to correct it.
the italian glasses through which he looks at the country were removed by the students, he said, mocking the congress vice president.
on the one hand gandhi speaks about intolerance and corruption and on the other he shares dais with hate speech accused imran masood and supports likes of himachal pradesh chief minister virbhadra singh and rjd leader lalu prasad, sharma said, accusing him of having hypocrisy.
bjp condemns hazare's arrestlast updated: 16 august, 2011new delhi, aug 16 (ians) 10:10 istcondemning the arrest of gandhian activist anna hazare, the bharatiya janata party (bjp) tuesday said the government would learn its lesson ''the hard way''.
it is regrettable and condemnable.
this government is bent upon crushing anyone who wants to protest against corruption, bjp spokesperson ravishankarprasad prasad said.
hazare and his team members, activist arvind kejriwal and former top cop kiran bedi, besides 250 supporters were detained in the morning before starting the protest.
this government is not learning any lesson.
the people of the country will not forgive them.
they will learn it the hard way, prasad added.
the government is not realising that anna is articulating the emotion of distress of the people in response to rampant corruption.
we will have a meeting of national democratic alliance leaders to devise our strategy, prasad said.
india needs affordable healthcare: prasadnew delhi, nov 4, 2014, (ians) 20:09 istindia needs to have a good network of hospitals which are affordable to common man, minister for communication and information technology ravishankarprasad prasad said tuesday.
one of the most important challenges today is to provide good healthcare.
it has to be affordable also, he said at the release of a commemorative stamp to celebrate the 15th anniversary of india's first successful liver transplant at apollo hospitals here.
the first successful pediatric and adult liver transplants in india were performed at apollo hospitals in new delhi in 1998.
sanjay kandaswamy, a two-year-old boy from kancheepuram, was the first child to receive a successful liver transplant nov 15, 1998, with his father as the donor.
prasad said: this is in recognition of the extraordinary talent of people in healthcare in india.
the success of the transplant programme is one such stellar example of the quality of our doctors and the innovation they have brought in this field, he added.
the minister said that it was important to see how to encourage organ donation and stop racketeering in organ trade in india.
prathap c. reddy, chairman of apollo hospitals, said: within the span of these 15 years, approximately 4,500 liver transplants have been performed in india.
anupam sibal, group medical director, senior pediatric gastro-enterologist and hepatologist at apollo hospitals, said: today is a special day for all of us.
the journey that we started in 1998 has culminated in hundreds of lives being saved.
kumaraswamy stands by comments on gandhilast updated: 13 april, 2011bangalore, apr 13 (pti) 18:16 istjd-s leader h d kumaraswamy today stuck to his controversial remarks that mahatma gandhi would have turned corrupt in the present day politics, within days after claiming he was misquoted.
if gandhiji were to be there in present day politics, he would have either compromised (on corruption) or quit, kumaraswamy told reporters here, asserting, i will not go back on my words.
kumaraswamy, whose remarks on gandhi evoked all round condemnation, defended it saying he had deliberately cited gandhi in an effort to drive home the point that rampant corruption had seeped into politics.
the former karnataka chief minister said he never meant to show disrespect to the father of the nation.
we have hung the portraits of gandhiji and jp (jayprakash narayan) in the party office as a mark of our respect to them, he said.
kumaraswamy, son of former prime minister h d deve gowda, also expressed doubts over the efficacy of the proposed lokpal bill in combating corruption.
the jd-s karnataka chief wondered how the proposed lokpal with members nominated by the government on its panel would be able to suggest effective measures against corruption, which he said had taken deep roots in the society.
has the lokayukta been able to punish any corrupt official so far?
we see the lokayukta sleuths raiding and trapping so many officials.
what happens to them?
kumaraswamy asked.
kumaraswamy however hastened to add that he does not mean to discourage the efforts launched by gandian anna hazare against corruption.
claiming that the movement launched by narayan had failed, he said, it is my earnest hope that anna hazare's campaign does not meet the same end.
after his remarks on gandhi had stirred up a controversy, with leaders including gandhian anna hazare, who led a successful agitation on the lokpal bill issue, taking exception to it, kumaraswamy had claimed he was misquoted.
if our leaders are talking like this, how are you going to root out corruption, hazare had said.
union finance minister and veteran congress leader pranab mukherjee had dismissed it as meaningless utterances.
the bjp too had slammed the jd-s leader, with its senior bjp leader ravishankarprasad prasad asking what else can you expect from mr kumaraswamy?
nothing better.
govt says it differed with upa ministry's stand on sec 66anew delhi, mar 24, 2015 (pti) 14:51 istgovernment today made it clear that it differs with previous upa regime's stand on section66a of it act, which has been scrapped by supreme court, and has conveyed it in writing to apex court that it respects freedom of speech and expression and is not in favour of curtailing communication of honest dissent or criticism on social media.
at the same time, it had conveyed a request to the court that government is willing to come out with additional, more stringent guidelines so as to prevent abuse of section 66a of the act which allows arrest of a person for posting allegedly offensive content on websites.
our government led by prime minister narendra modi took a very conscious decision that we don't support the stand of the previous government.
we respect the freedom of speech and expression.
we respect communication of ideas on social media and we are not in favour of curtailing communication of honest dissent, opinion, disapproval or criticism on social media, union it minister ravishankarprasad prasad said.
in his initial comments on the supreme court verdict, he said the government had stressed that it will not support any interpretation of section 66a of it act that curtails the ideas of freedom of speech and expression enshrined under article 19(1) of the constitution.
it is very important to be noted that in our affidavit filed, apart from reiterating our new position on behalf of government of india, we have clearly conveyed that if section 66a of the it act cannot be interpreted in consonance with article 19(1) read with article 19(2), then we don't support that interpretation at all, he said.
though prasad said he will come with a structured response once he reads the entire judgement that runs into 200 pages, he said, on government's instruction the additional solicitor general tushar mehta also conveyed a request to the bench that government is willing to come out with additional more stringent guidelines so as to prevent abuse of section 66a of the act.
i am awaiting the judgement.
the government of india's stand is quite different from the previous government's and it has been very clear and consistent which i have just mentioned.
i will come with a structured response after going through the judgement, he said.
kejri'wall' arrests modi juggernautnew delhi,feb 10, 2014, dhns: 1:10 istarrogance, projecting outsider kiran bedi as the chief ministerial candidate, over centralisation of poll management, internal bickerings and the centres failure to fulfil peoples aspirations put brakes on the modi-shah juggernaut.
the delhi poll disaster has lent voice to muted rumblings within the sangh parivar, with bjp leaders privately conceding that the top leaderships unwarranted aggressive stand forcing decisions on the organisation has had a ripple effect here now and elsewhere before.
adding insult to injury, senior rss functionary m g vaidya said: this should not be seen as aaps victory but a win for anti-bjpism.
and the face of this is the aap.
bjp parliamentarian from darbhanga (bihar) kirti azad told a news channel that those who were in charge of campaigning and those who took major decisions should be questioned and accountability should be fixed.
a senior bjp leader summed up the mood among a section of the party when he dubbed the humiliating loss a defeat of arrogance that brought disgrace along.
what the bjp leader could not say on record was stated by west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee.
the bjps balloon has burst due to arrogance and political vendetta, mamata, who is facing heat due to the saffron party making inroads into the state, told reporters.
former team anna member kiran bedi, who lost despite being inducted and instantly projected as the partys poll mascot, embarrassed the bjp by saying, it is not my defeat, it is defeat of the bjp.
her husband brij bedi, too, did not spare the bjp which brought her without consulting other internal stakeholders.
if she (bedi) was fully supported, then why could she not win, he asked.
we will look into why we lost overwhelmingly.
we have lost and we accept it with humility.
but the bjp is resilient, union minister ravishankarprasad prasad said, while congratulating aap leader arvind kejriwal for his emphatic victory.
the fear among the bjp leaders is that if the party fails to draw lessons, it might have a bearing on its poll prospects in bihar and uttar pradesh.
govt allows free talk time to people on bsnl in kashmirnew delhi, sept 13, 2014 (pti): 16:14 istcommunications and it minister ravishankarprasad prasad today said people in flood-hit kashmir will get free telecom services for a week on bsnl network, and mobile networks have been substantially or partially restored in the valley, except poonch.
of the total 12,306 base transceiver stations (bts) or mobile towers in j&k, 6,811 were submerged, he said, adding that of these the government has restored 1,208.
people can talk free for a week on bsnl's network in the flood affected areas.
we have also requested private telecom operators.
they have allowed 60 minutes of free talk time everyday, prasad said at the press conference marking the first 100 days of in the ministry.
he said 8,000 landline connections in the kashmir valley have started working and the government has opened 5 free public calling booths (pcos) at the airport.
on the status of the telecom networks in the valley, prasad said: except poonch, mobile services are either substantially or partially restored in all parts of the valley.
bsnl had yesterday said telecom services in the flood-hit kashmir valley are being normalised slowly with restoring of around 80 per cent of the affected network.
the state-owned firm said it had restored 92 mobile towers, which were affected by floods.
overall 473 towers are working in the valley whereas 934 is the number for the whole state.
other private players including airtel, vodafone, idea cellular, aircel and reliance communications (rcom) have also restored their network in various parts of the state.
govt backs net neutralitynew delhi, july 24, 2015, dhns: 1:01 isttelecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad said on friday that the government remains commitment to non-discriminatory access to internet on the lines of the fundamental principles of net neutrality.
the government has constituted a committee, which has submitted its report to the department of telecom on net neutrality.
the report has been uploaded on the dot website seeking comments and suggestions.
the committee report is not the government report which is yet to take a decision, prasad informed rajya sabha in a written reply.
the telecom regulatory authority of india (trai) is also engaged in consultation process covering the issues related to net neutrality.
its recommendations are awaited.
after studying the trai as well as dot reports, the government will take the final decision in the best interest of country, he said.
net neutrality report to be out soon, waiting for trai: prasadnew delhi, jun 27, 2015, (pti) 16:34 isttelecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad today said the government will soon come out with its report on the controversial issue of net neutrality and the telecom department is waiting for the report from sectoral regulator trai.
report of net neutrality will be out very soon but we are waiting for trai report on the issue, telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad told reporters here.
the telecom department, which had set up a panel to look into the net neutrality issue, submitted its report to prasad earlier this month.
net neutrality implies equal treatment be accorded to all internet traffic and no priority should be given to any person or entity or company based on payment, which is seen as discriminatory.
apart from the six-member committee appointed in january this year by dot, telecom regulatory authority of india (trai) had also invited stakeholders comments on issues such as net neutrality and regulation of ott services like whatsapp and skype.
the regulatory received over 10 lakh comments.
in the meantime tenur of the then trai chairman rahul khullar ended and the new head is yet to be appointed.
announcement (of new trai chairman) will be made very soon, prasad said.
net neutrality, a widely debated issue globally, has in the past few months caught india's attention with politicians, corporate leaders and film stars taking to social media sites such as twitter and facebook to debate on the issue.
the issue gained national attention after internet activists and experts flagged telecom giant bharti airtel's 'airtel zero' platform to be in violation of the principle.
airtel zero is an open marketing platform that allows customers to access a variety of mobile applications for free, with the data charges being paid by startups and large firms.
also over the last few months, operators like reliance communications and uninor have tied up with players like facebook, whatsapp and wikipedia to offer free usage to consumers.
irf bribed rajiv foundation: bjpnew delhi, sep 11, 2016, dhns 1:11 istsharpening its attack on congress president sonia gandhi, the bjp on saturday charged that rs 50 lakh donation rajiv gandhi foundation (rgf) got from controversial islamic preacher zakir naiks ngo was essentially a hefty bribe to shelter his anti-national activities.
security environmenta day after bjp leader subramanian swamy tweeted to expose the link, the bjp dug out past official documents to charge that upa regime was aware that the television evangelist naiks preaching was not conducive to the security environment of the country and attempts were made to shield him from backlash on his islamic discourse.
union minister ravishankarprasad prasad, in a press meet on saturday, wondered why didnt the congress return the fund, which they did now after the controversy broke out.
in december 2012, the upa government was informed by the security agencies that naik through his peace tv was airing content challenging security environment.
prasad read out former information and broadcasting minister manish tiwars answer to an unstared question no 1819 raised in the lok sabha on december 4, 2012.
illegal channelstiwari said the peace tv uplinked from dubai was one of the 24 illegal channels found to be telecasting views threatening secular environment.
peace tv is owned and controlled by naik and a militant accused of carrying out terror strike in bangladesh recently had said that he was inspired by the evangelist to fight for islam.
ministry is watching ringing bells: prasadnew delhi, feb 24, 2016, dhns: 0:29 isttelecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad on tuesday said the government is monitoring ringing bells and will take action if the company fails to deliver the rs 251 smartphone.
the ministry enquired how prepared they (ringing bells) are, whether they can provide a smartphone for rs 251 or not.
whether they have the bis certificate or not, we have spoken to them, prasad told reporters here.
the minister added that this was done to ensure that there are no discrepancies later.
if there is any, we will take action as per law.
our department is keeping a watch, he said.
noida-based ringing bells last week unveiled what is being touted as the worlds cheapest smartphone.
however, concerns have been raised by the industry over the feasibility of a 3g smartphone at such a low price.
comments on complexion create ruckus in rajya sabhanew delhi, march 16, 2015 (ians) 14:51 istjd-u mp sharad yadav's comment on women's complexion created a ruckus in rajya sabha on monday, after union minister ravishankarprasad prasad raised the issue asking the member to withdraw his comments.
during the debate on the insurance bill in the rajya sabha last week, the janata dal-united leader spoke on indian's obsession for fair skin and said: your god is dark like ravishankarprasad prasad, but your matrimonial ads insist on white-skinned brides.
referring to complexion of south indian women, he said: the women of the south are dark but they are as beautiful as their bodies.
.
.
we don't see it here.
they know (how to) dance.
raising the issue on monday, prasad said: comments were made on south indian women, i was also mentioned, i remained quiet.
i want to keep myself away from that comment.
i completely disagree with the comment.
ask the member to withdraw the comment, he urged the chair.
trying to clarify, yadav said his comments were misinterpreted: there are more dusky women in india and in the world.
.
.
i can discuss the issue with anyone, we are in favour of indian culture.
human resource development minister smriti irani, responding sharply, said the member should not comment on the complexion of women in any way.
i appeal through you (chair) to the gentleman, do not make comments about the colour of any woman's skin.
you (sharad yadav) are a senior member, a very wrong message is going to the rest of the country, she said.
yadav responded saying: i strongly refute the allegation.
from gandhi to lohia, i have all the record of what has been said about women.
a lot of struggle has been done for women with dark complexion, he said, to which irani responded saying: please don't do this.
naming lohia and gandhi and commenting on women.
deputy chairman p.j. kurien said he would not allow a discussion on the issue.
white complexion or dark complexion, it is all the same, i am not allowing a discussion on this, kurien said.
leader of opposition ghulam nabi azad opined that the issue should not be discussed as it will get more complicated.
yadav, however, said he was ready to participate in a discussion.
there has been a long struggle against discrimination based on colour.
.
.
i am ready to participate in a debate any time, said yadav.
patna, nov 8 , 2014, (pti) 17:11 istthe central government has decided to set up business process outsourcing (bpo) centres in small towns across the country to boost their economic development, union minister for communications and information technology ravishankarprasad prasad said here today.
i have directed my officials to formulate guidelines regarding establishing bpo centres in small towns and cities across india like gorakhpur, ghazipur, sagar and similar places in bihar, odisha and west bengal, prasad said.
tax exemptions would be provided under the new guidelines for bpos and the process for opening them would be liberalised, he said, adding this would be done adhering to bjp's lok sabha poll manifesto to focus on the development of eastern and northeastern region.
pitching for eight to 10 bpos in patna, he said proper power and connectivity would be needed for such projects.
prasad was addressing a gathering after laying the foundation stone of an incubation facility at the software technology park (stp).
it would cost rs 10 crore, and would be ready in 18 months.
the minister sought more stps in different parts of bihar and said the central government wanted to open them at bhagalpur and darbhanga.
he requested chief minister jitan ram manjhi, who was also at the dais, to provide land for it.
manjhi, on his part, said the state government was ready to provide land for stps at bhagalpur and darbhanga engineering colleges.
expressing happiness at this, prasad said if the state government provides land, his ministry would open branches of national institute of electronics and information technology (nielit) at muzaffarpur and buxar in the state.
the union minister also talked about setting up of an electronic cluster on the outskirts of patna so that big electronic companies like lg and samsung come to bihar to manufacture their products.
electronic clusters are coming in other parts of the country.
i request the chief minister here to give 50 acres near patna for the purpose as it has an airport.
we will develop an electronic cluster there.
it will attract investment.
the state will develop, prasad added.
the stp at patna exported software worth rs 10 crore in 2013-14 and the minister said he was not satisfied as the exports should quickly increase to rs 100 crore.
speaking on the occasion, manjhi said there was scarcity of land due to high population density in bihar, but the state government would arrange for it when needed as it would provide employment to more people.
we gave 5 acres for the patna stp.
more will be given when needed.
the state government will cooperate with the centre, will not allow any difficulty to come in between and help establish bihar on the it map of india, manjhi said.
he said all districts would have wi-fi zones like patna, where the state it department has created a 20 km long wi-fi zone, considered among the biggest ones in the world.
bihar has used it to a large extent in governance, but somehow investments have not come in this sector due to one reason or other.
i request the state government to study the it policies of states like andhra pradesh, tamil nadu and karnataka to find out how they have excelled in this field, senior bjp leader and former deputy chief minister sushil kumar modi said.
new delhi/lucknow/patna, oct 14, 2016 (pti) 20:06 istthe row over the law panel's decision to seek public opinion on the uniform civil code intensified today with the government accusing the all india muslim personal law board of 'politicking' on the issue even as congress and samajwadi party said it should not be imposed.
a day after the aimplb and some other muslim outfits announced their decision to boycott the process initiated by the law commission, union minister m venkaiah naidu insisted on a distinction to be made between the uniform civil code and 'triple talaq', where the core issue was gender justice and ending discrimination against women.
naidu, however, said a uniform civil code (ucc) was in consonance with the provisions of the constitution, but made it clear that it would not be forced on people.
you (all india muslim personal law board) join the debate.
let there be enlightened debate you put forth your point of view.
let a consensus be evolved.
why are you trying to bring in the name of prime minister and call him dictator, naidu told reporters in delhi.
the government's sharp reaction came after aimplb and various other muslim organisations said the move amounted to the modi government declaring a war on their religious rights and that ucc will kill india's pluralism.
a combative naidu went on to say, if you are so interested in making political comments you can as well join any political party of your choice.
this is not expected from muslim personal law board and other religious leaders.
you have to confine yourself to the issue and the issue is put forth for discussion by the law commission, he said.
amid the raging row over the twin contentious issues, congress said the matter of 'triple talaq' sould be left to the supreme court to decide, but expressed itself against imposition of a uniform civil code.
ucc should not be imposed and all stakeholders need to be taken into confidence, its spokesperson shobha oza said.
she said congress has always been in favour for empowerment of women.
samajwadi party supremo mulayam singh yadav said the issue should be left to religious leaders.
i will not say much on this issue but there should not be dispute on it.
the issue of uniform civil code should be left to religious leaders.
on the issues of country and humanity everyone should be united, yadav told reporters in lucknow.
on the issue of 'triple talaq', a matter which is being adjudicated upon by the supreme court, naidu said, the real mood of the country is that people want this triple talaq to end.
people do not want any discrimination on basis of any religious faith agianst women.
as i told you the issues are gender justice, non-discrimination and dignity of women.
naidu said the law commission wants a thorough discussion on ucc and if the aimplb does not want to participate in the debate, it was their choice.
if you don't want to react, do not want to respond, it is your choice but you do not pose yourself as you are the champion and other's views have no relevance.
do not try to convert this into a political debate, he said.
about the issue of triple talaq, he said the law commission wanted the views of all stakeholders.
they wanted this issue to be debated, discussed and all the religious leaders, social workers, prominent public personalities need to acknowledge the basic principle of equality of all human beings -- men or women and work in that direction, he said.
naidu said uniform civil code is enshrined in article 44 of the directive principles of the constitution and not brought in by nda government or prime minister narendra modi.
there is nothing wrong in discussing about it (ucc) and nothing is going to be forced on people.
if something is done, then it will on the basis of consensus and agreement within the community, he said.
union minister ravishankarprasad prasad defended the centre's stand on 'triple talaq', saying when over a dozen islamic countries were regulating the practice by enacting laws, how could it be considered wrong for a secular country like india.
over a dozen islamic countries such as pakistan, tunisia, morocco, iran and egypt have regulated triple talaq.
if islamic countries can regulate the practice by enacting law, and it has not been found against sharia, then how can it be wrong in india, which is a secular country?
prasad told a news conference in patna.
the minister, however, refused to comment on the issue of uniform civil code.
the law commission is considering it and has sought views of various sections of the society.
since it is under their consideration, i have nothing to say, he maintained.
for the first time in india's constitutional history, the centre had on october 7 opposed in the supreme court the practice of triple talaq, 'nikah halala' and polygamy among muslims and favoured a relook on grounds of gender equality and secularism.
the law ministry, in its affidavit, referred to constitutional principles like gender equality, secularism, international covenants, religious practices and marital law prevalent in various islamic countries to drive home the point that the practice of triple talaq and polygamy needed to be adjudicated upon afresh by the apex court.
mobile towers no health threat: ravishankarprasad prasadnew delhi, march 13, 2015 (ians) 14:14 isttelecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad said on friday that fears of mobile towers being hazardous to health are not true, adding that reports from the world health organisation do not substantiate the claim.
replying to supplementaries in the rajya sabha, prasad said government is talking to private telecom companies for reinforcing infrastructure.
for infrastructure, we need towers, if we don't have permission to install towers, then infrastructure will not improve, prasad said responding to a query on call dropping and other problems.
right now, there is a campaign going on in the country that it (mobile towers) emits health hazard.
i have myself examined it at some point of time, i will come with further details to this house.
this entire campaign is not very substantial, prasad informed rajya sabha.
there have been proper studies of who.
.
.
there are 30 reports.
i got my committee established, and i want to assure the house proper infrastructure for towers ought to be allowed, the minister said.
prasad also said that the government is working to enhance the infrastructure for mtnl and bsnl and several new towers will be erected.
the health of bsnl and mtnl is not good.
as long as public sector is not strong competition will not be healthy, the minister said.
25,000 new towers will be erected by bsnl, mtnl is also building 800 to 900 more towers in delhi and mumbai, he said.
the minister also said that there were some powers that kept mtnl and bsnl unhealthy.
bsnl till 2004 was in rs.10,000 crore profit.
why is it in loss now, the question must be raised.
mtnl was in rs.800-900 crore profit, why did it go in loss?
they were not allowed to expand, prasad said.
there were powers which wanted bsnl and mtnl to stay unhealthy so that the competition is not there, he added.
dh news service, new delhi, jun 17 2017, 0:27 istit biz can build $1-trillion digital economythe centre on friday said it will unveil two separate policies for the electronics sector and software products soon to boost sector growth.
we will be shortly laying down the new electronics policy because between the old policy and (now), india under narendra modi has changed completely.
therefore, to boost electronics manufacturing, we will come up with a new policy, it minister ravishankarprasad prasad said here.
the minister was addressing reporters after holding meeting with it and electronic sector representatives on building indias digital economy.
the first national policy on electronics was formulated in 2012 and approved by the cabinet in 2013.
with the change in sector for the past three to four years, the new policy will focus on growth areas in the electronics manufacturing segment.
the minister said the government will also roll out a new software product policy.
there is a need to look at an inward software market.
therefore, we will come with a new software product policy and we are going to have framework for data security and protection policy, prasad said.
he also said the government set up innovative zones in different parts of the country to encourage people to establish startups with the focus on health, education and agriculture.
earlier addressing the meeting, the minister said that the it industry should help india build a $1-trillion digital economy within four years by creating affordable technology and an inclusive environment.
highlighting that multi-billion dollar opportunities that exist in areas like it and it-enabled services, ecommerce, electronics manufacturing, digital payments and cyber security, he said the indian it sector has crossed rs 10 lakh crore in revenue and exports have crossed rs 7.
5 lakh crore.
special schemes to promote online paymentnew delhi, dec 25, 2016, dhns: 1:04 istin order to promote digital payment, the government will on sunday launch lucky grahak yojana and digi-dhan vyapar yojana in 100 cities.
the first draw of lucky grahak yojana to provide a cashback of rs 1,000 to 15,000 consumers every day for the next 100 days will be launched on december 25, 2016, in new delhi, read an official statement on saturday.
finance minister arun jaitley and minister of electronics & information technology ravishankarprasad prasad will inaugurate the first draw of lots here.
winners will be selected on daily and weekly basis under lucky grahak yojana, while under digi-dhan vyapar yojana, they will be selected only on a weekly basis.
the mega draw will be held april 14, 2017.
with the goal of ensuring that easy and user-friendly methods of digital payments become a mass movement in india, the government had announced a slew of incentives to encourage the general public to move from cash to a digital platform, the statement read.
govt open to using satellites, drones for broadband projectnew delhi, feb 3, 2015, dhns: 0:49 istthe government is open to the idea of using satellite technology, drones or special balloons for providing broadband connectivity to all gram panchayats under the national optical fibre network (nofn) project.
to reach every gram panchayat, the government will not mind tweaking rules to use satellite technology to provide broadband connectivity, telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad said at the digital india summit here.
the nofn project aims to provide high-speed broadband connectivity to 2.
5 lakh gram panchayats by december 2016.
the estimated cost of the project is around rs 30,000 crore.
the government has set a target of rolling out optical fibre network across 50,000 village panchayats by the end of the current financial year, 1 lakh more by march 2016 and another 1 lakh by the end of 2016.
the early completion of nofn is key to implementation of the centres ambitious digital india programme.
regarding electronic manufacturing, prasad said foreign companies manufacturing in india are entitled to all the benefits given by the government.
we have come up with lots of incentives, electronics clusters have been opened in many states.
.
.
if you invest $100, we will give you $25 (in return), prasad said.
under the modified special incentive package, government provides subsidy for investments in capital expenditure with a limit of 20 per cent for investments in special economic zone (sez) and 25 per cent in non-sezs.
the government is making efforts to boost electronics manufacturing in the country.
india imported telecom products worth rs 69,516.
37 crore in 2013-14, while exports of such items were at rs 20,475.
17 crore during the present financial year, leaving a significant deficit of rs 49,041.
20 crore.
govt to look into airtel's plan to charge voip callsnew delhi, dec 25, 2014, dhns: 2:40 isttelecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad on thursday said the government would look into airtel's plan to charge separately for internet call servicesvoice over internet protocol or voipoffered by apps like skype, viber and line.
as per airtel's announcement on wednesday, these services will cost around rs 10,000 per gb on 2g network and around rs 4,000 per gb on 3g network.
we will look into it.
the government will come back with a structured response, said prasad on the sidelines of the good governance day event organised by the department of electronics and information technology.
the minister was responding to queries from mediapersons on airtel's plan to charge for voip calls at a standard rate of 4p per 10 kb on 3g network and 10p per 10 kb on 2g network.
the company has said it will offer voip connectivity through an independent pack that will be launched shortly.
will study order in detail before reacting: bjpnew delhi, press trust of india, apr 19 2017, 14:49 istsenior leader and law minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
press trust of india file photothe bjp today said it will study in detail the supreme court's verdict allowing trial of its top leaders for criminal conspiracy in the babri masjid case before offering comments.
its senior leader and law minister ravishankarprasad prasad, however, asserted that his party highly respects its leaders like l k advani and murli manohar joshi, the two veterans, along with union minister uma bharti and others to be tried now following the apex court's decision.
the court today allowed a cbi plea seeking their trial for criminal conspiracy in the 1992 babri masjid demolition case.
new delhi, feb 12, 2017, dhns: 2:30 istthe centre is planning to give digital literacy training to six crore rural households over the next three years so that more people make digital payments and benefit from internet-based services.
the government will also train 14 lakh anganwadi workers and computerise 65,000 rural cooperative banks, information technology minister ravishankarprasad prasad said.
besides, digital literacy training will also be given to gram panchayat members and rural health workers, he said.
the government will involve common service centres in the digital literacy programme.
apart from the existing 2.
05 lakh centres, another 50,000 will be opened soon.
the union cabinet has already approved the pradhan mantri gramin digital saksharta abhiyan, under which rs 2,351.
38 crore will be spent in the next three years.
digitally literate people would be able to operate computers and digital access devices like tablets and smartphones, send and receive emails, undertake cashless transactions and browse the net to access government services and search for information.
the scheme will be implemented under the supervision of the ministry of electronics and it in collaboration with the states and union territories through their designated state-implementing agencies and district e-governance societies.
according to the national survey only 6  of rural households have a computer, implying that a large number of them are digitally illiterate.
law minister to urge cjs to expedite 10-year-old casesdh news service, new delhi, jun 16 2017, 1:01 istlaw minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
pti file photolaw minister ravishankarprasad prasad would speak to the chief justices of all the high courts with an urge to fast-track cases that are pending for more than 10 years.
he would also request them to physically verify the pending cases in the high courts as well as local courts and take action to reduce their numbers.
prasads request comes after startling figures from the national judicial data grid revealed that there are 22.
52 lakh cases pending in local courts, accounting for 9.
25  of the 2.
43 crore pending cases of various durations.
uttar pradesh tops the chart with 7.
46 lakh pending cases, followed by gujarat with 3.
80 lakh cases and 2.
60 lakh cases in maharashtra.
karnataka has 30,739 such cases.
i will appeal to the chief justices to ensure that cases pending for more than 10 years must be expedited.
i will also direct the secretary of the department of justice (in the ministry of law) to follow it up, prasad told the media, while elaborating on the accomplishments of his ministry during the ndas three-year rule at the centre.
prasad also said the government would make an announcement at an appropriate time regarding the appointment of the successor to attorney general mukul rohatgi, who recently informed the government of his wish to be relieved of the responsibility.
we have taken note of the attorney generals request not to continue due to personal reasons.
we respect that.
rohatgi has been a very distinguished ag.
he has served with great distinction, he said.
regarding the memorandum of procedure for an appointment in the higher judiciary, prasad said it was a work in progress and the government had covered wide range.
net neutrality establishes india's maturity, says prasadnew delhi, feb 10,2016, dhns: 0:55 iststating that internet cannot be the monopoly of a few, telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad tuesday slammed facebook's free basics plan and said such differential pricing modes are plainly not acceptable.
the minister said the trai's order on differential pricing for data services has enhanced india's image in the net community world over and established its maturity.
we are expanding digital india across the country, and taking extraordinary steps to empower people through technology to create a knowledge economy.
the very concept of differential pricing on data, whether it is free basics or any other mode, is plainly not acceptable, prasad said.
backing net neutrality, telecom regulatory authority of india (trai) barred operators from charging different rates for internet access based on content, dealing a blow to facebook's controversial free basics projects.
i have been holding this view since the day i became minister.
i fully welcome trais tariff order which has enhanced the image of india in the net community world over and establishes our maturity, he added.
bjp compares modi with mahatmaabhay kumar patna: june 23, 2013 3:16 istthe bjp on sunday crossed all limits of sycophancy when it compared its mascot narendra modi with the father of the nation mahatma gandhi.
gandhiji was also from gujarat.
but he started his agitation against british from champaran in bihar.
before coming to bihar, gandhiji was known as mohandas karamchand gandhi.
but after the champaran satyagrah, also called the indigo movement, he became widely popular as mahatma gandhi.
in a similar way, after narendra modi visits bihar, he will be known as mahatma narendra modi, said former bihar bjp president dr c p thakur.
the bjp leader, who had earlier served as union health minister in the vajpayee government, has been more in news for his foot-in-the-mouth remarks.
a political turncoat, who started his innings as a congress mp from patna in 1984, has, of late, turned into a hardcore modi supporter and had berated nitish kumar for his antipathy towards his gujarat counterpart.
the bjp meet, which was attended by party president rajnath singh, saw its national spokesperson ravishankarprasad prasad question nitishs motives in breaking off the alliance.
please tell me nitishji, why do you have so much of hatred for narendra modi?
if the latter becomes prime minister, despite your opposition, will you receive him or not if he comes to your state, asked prasad, amid loud cheers from the bjp cadres, who had gathered from all over the state to discuss poll strategies for the entire 40 lok sabha seats.
we have asked our workers to man all the 56,000 booths in 40 lok sabha constituencies.
by wresting all the seats, we will give a befitting reply to nitishs arrogance, said bihar bjp chief mangal pandey.
former deputy chief minister sushil kumar modi too targeted nitish and said ever since the 2010 assembly results came out, nitish was in dual mind to continue alliance with the bjp.
somewhere in the back of his mind, he had been dreaming for the countrys top executive post.
narendra modi is just an excuse due to his ego problem.
the way nitish recommended dismissal of the bjp ministers was the least we expected from someone who is today enjoying the fruits of power due to our struggle against lalus jungle raj, said modi, who was a petitioner in fodder scam.
rajnath singh, who had come to bihar for the first time after the jd (u)-bjp alliance went kaput, was quite guarded in his criticism of nitish.
instead, he chose to slam the upa government, in the hope that good sense may prevail upon nitish and he may eventually return to the nda fold.
rss mouthpiece shows pok as pak territory; govt to probenew delhi, mar 13, 2015 (pti) 12:52 istthe publication of a map in rss mouthpiece 'organiser' depicting a part of jammu and kashmir as part of pakistan, today evoked consternation in rajya sabha, with the opposition asking whether the government approved it.
an embarrassed government promised to investigate the matter saying this was not its stand and neither of the sangh.
the matter was raised by leader of opposition ghulam nabi azad when the house met for the day, saying a map published in the 'organiser' depicted pak-occupied kashmir (pok) as part of pakistan.
jammu and kashmir is the crown of india and numerous sacifices have been made to maintain it as the crown, he said.
observing that the bjp and rss have been in the forefront of protests whenever a foreign magazine showed pok as part of pakistan, azad wanted to know from the government if it approved of the 'organiser' map.
responding on behalf of the government, telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad said jammu and kashmir was an integral part of india and we will investigate the article in 'organiser'.
this is not the view of the sangh, neither the bjp's and nor that of the government, prasad said.
despite the minister's reply, congress members continued to press the issue, with s chaturvedi wanting to know what action the government proposes to take against the author.
deputy chairman p j kurien said the minister has made a categorical statement that jammu and kashmir is part of india and nobody can change it.
some congress members also tried to raise the issue of 2008 mumbai attack mastermind zakiur rehman lakhvi being granted bail by a court in pakistan.
pramod tiwari (cong) said it was a failure of india's foreign policy, even as kurien asked members to give proper notice for raising the issue.
rajeev shukla (cong) said though zero hour notices are to be given by 1000 hrs, but since lakhvi was released around that time, no prior notice could be given for raising the issue in the house.
kurien said the members can raise the issue on the next working day.
he also disallowed a notice for suspension of business by k n balagopal (cpi-m) to raise the issue of ruckus during budget presentation in the kerala assembly.
your suspension notice is ruled out.
you cannot discuss working of an assembly, whether kerala or any other, in this house, he said, asking cpi(m) members to ask their party colleagues in the state to raise it in the assembly.
digital india faltering in parliament, say membersnew delhi, feb 25,2016, dhns: 0:18 ista united opposition on wednesday sought to corner the modi government in the lok sabha on faltering digital india initiative in parliament and the problem of call drop faced by mobile subscribers.
your government constantly talks about digital india.
it is unfortunate to share, but i think all my colleagues will agree with me, that 3g does not work effectively in the indian parliament, ncp member supriya sule said during question hour.
members also complained about lack of wi-fi connectivity in parliament and their official residences.
responding to a volley of questions in the lok sabha, telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad said nearly 65,000 bts (base transceiver stations) have been set up across country, including delhi, in four months time.
he said, in delhi alone 3,119 3g and 1,972 2g towers have been installed.
improvement is there and a lot is required to be done, the minister added.
prasad also said that by march 2016, wi-fi facility will be provided at 2,500 spots in the country.
september 22, 2015, ians 15:23 istindia has withdrawn what is called the draft national encryption policy following outrage.
okay, you won't have to store all whatsapp messages and emails.
for now.
life moves fast in the social media era.
in the space of 48 hours, india managed to float a draft of something as geeky as an encryption policy, trigger national outrage, exempt social media from it, and finally withdraw it.
on tuesday afternoon, two days after the policy draft was floated, it was withdrawn.
it had been released for public feedback without my knowledge, said it minister ravishankarprasad prasad, what was this draft national encryption policy (nep)?
encryption technology is used to encode messages, making them secure so that only authorised people can read them.
on the face of it, the nep was a plan to define common minimum standards for encryption.
nice idea for security of all communications, no?
but wait, government agencies would be exempt from all this.
suspicious.
until it became clear that the policy did its best to ensure a decrease in the security of communications for individuals and organisations in india.
it got worse.
before you use an encryption product, said the nep, it must be registered with the competent authority.
you can only use encryption approved by the government, and, presumably, familiar to (and crackable by) government agencies.
that isn't what caused the public outrage, though.
whatsapp and facebook did that.
send a text message on whatsapp or facebook or bbm messengers, and you'd be required by law to save a plain text copy for 90 days.
actually, the nep plan was sweeping, covering all encrypted messages.
all emails, including gmail.
all messages on any messenger except sms.
everything is encrypted these days.
on demand by indian law enforcement or a government agency, you would need to submit a copy of any encrypted message sent in the past three months.
yes, that was the plan according to the nep, whose draft was released for public comment on september 20, with a month given for feedback.
it's rare for something as arcane as encryption to become a subject of national outrage in india within a day, but that's what happened.
the draft triggered fury, and fiery debates.
by contrast, a debate on net neutrality earlier this year had taken months of protest and activism for it to enter public discourse.
the difference was that the nep draft was a short, six-page document that was quickly translated by experts and media into its likely outcomes.
after the outrage, an addendum followed overnight, exempting popular mass exemption products used in platforms such as whatsapp, facebook and twitter from this requirement.
and also encrypted financial transactions, and passwords.
praise the lord -- indian firms wouldn't have to store plain text copies of all user passwords.
they did not exempt email, though.
so, no deleting any emails you've sent, for 90 days.
it's all encrypted.
that was up to tuesday morning.
by afternoon, the nep draft was reportedly withdrawn.
for now.
as we've seen with net neutrality, though, this government isn't one to give up control so easily, especially over something that can be linked to national security.
and indeed, prasad has said that the nep draft, which was poorly worded, would be reworked.
watch this space.
rahman, chiru take oath in rsnew delhi, april 24, 2012, dhns: 23:49 istpolitical heavy-weights like former uttar pradesh chief minister mayawati and leader of the opposition arun jaitley, telegu matinee idol chiranjeevi and former india hockey captain dileep tirkey were among 50 new rajya sabha members who took oath on tuesday.
other bigwigs include union cabinet minister vilas rao deshmukh and rajiv shukla, former deputy chairpersons of the upper house k rehman khan and najma heptullah; film actress and samajwadi party member jaya bhaduri and businessman rajiv chandrasekhar, who established telecom major bpl.
prime minister manmohan singh who sat through almost an hour-long proceedings.
chairman hamid ansari greeted everybody and welcomed them to the upper house.
members like rehman khan (kannada), tapan sen (bengali), deshmukh (marathi) and shadi lal batra (punjabi), took the oath in their mother tongue.
others preferred hindi and english.
najma heptullah, who was elected on bjp ticket from madhya pradesh, took oath in urdu.
as heptullah moved towards the mike when her name was called, union agriculture minister sharad pawar remarked she was a true nationalist, having being elected to rajya sabha from rajasthan, maharasthra and madhya pradesh.
jaitley, re-elected from gujarat, was the first to take the oath.
former uttar pradesh chief minister mayawati possibly received the maximum attention.
she was greeted by leaders from all political parties even before the house met.
other new facesother prominent new members include renuka chaudhary, s jaipal reddy and satyavrat chaturvedi from the congress and m venkaiah naidu, ravishankarprasad prasad and vinay katiyar of the bjp.
an interesting new face would be kiranmany nanda (sp) who was a fisheries minister in the left front government in west bengal for decades and was the only dedicated fisheries minister in the country for a very long time.
centre hits back at protesting writersnew delhi, oct 15, 2015, dhns: 0:52 istthe modi government on wednesday hit back at protesting intellectuals, asking why they had not responded in a similar way during the emergency and after the muzaffarnagar riots of 2013.
saying the government has respect for the writers and would like to remind them that they had won the awards for their knowledge and abilities, union communications minister ravishankarprasad prasad questioned why similar voices were not heard when democratic rights, including the freedom of press, were violated on a large scale during the emergency.
such a massive riot happened in muzaffarnagar one and a half years back and the way the (state) government (of samajwadi party) worked there was entirely discriminatory.
at that time, also such protest was not seen, prasad said in response to questions during the briefing on the decisions of the union cabinet.
prasad also appeared to endorse the controversial remarks of culture minister mahesh sharma asking the writers to stop writing first.
protest continuesrenowned bengali poet mandakranta sen on wednesday said she would return her sahitya akademi young writers special award to protest against intolerance and communalism in the society.
veteran poet k k daruwallah also followed suit, blaming the akademi for not standing by its authors under political duress.
telecom firms fined rs.2,179.
41 crore for non-verification: prasadnew delhi, dec 10, 2014, (ians) 19:14 ista total penalty of rs.2,179.
41 crore was imposed on telecom service providers till sep 30 for violation of customer verification guidelines, communications and it minister ravishankarprasad prasad wednesday told parliament.
a total penalty of about rs 2,179.
41 crore has been imposed since the inception till september 30, 2014 on telecom operators for violations of verification guidelines, the minister said in a written reply to the lok sabha.
he said the department of telecom has issued instructions aug 9, 2012 on subscriber verification.
the verification of identity of mobile phone users is mandatory and the dot has been issuing instructions from time to time for verification of mobile phone users.
these instructions contain procedures for verification of identity of mobile subscribers which stipulate that mobile connection should be issued on the basis of documents as proof of identity and proof of address, he said.
the list of applicable documents as proof of identity and proof of address in the country except in jammu and kashmir, northeast and assam service areas are: passport, arms license, driving licence, election commission id card, income tax pan card and many more.
the department has found from the audit of customer application forms (caf) that only about four percent of caf were non-complaint to the subscriber verification guidelines during the last year 2013-14, prasad said.
by invoking licence conditions, the government has prescribed penalties to be imposed in telecom service providers who, during audit, are found non-complaint to the licence conditions and instructions issued by the government on the subject of caf verification, he added.
the minister said in the reply that the maximum penalty has been imposed on aircel at rs.486.
48 crore followed by reliance communications at rs.454.
62 crore.
bsnl was imposed a fine of rs.329.
14 crore, bharti airtel rs.309.
87 crore, vodafone rs.211.
85 crore and idea cellular rs.123.
44 crore for violation of norms.
further, tata teleservices has been imposed a penalty of rs.172.
80 crore, sistema shyam teleservices rs.52.
31 crore, uninor rs.11.
65 crore, mtnl rs.11.
17 crore and stel rs.10.
92 crore.
telcos seek tower policy to check call dropnew delhi, aug 18, 2015, dhns 1:16 istcompanies also call for uniform national policyunder fire for frequent call drops, top telecom operators on monday said the problem will further deteriorate unless operational difficulties like installation of towers are tackled while seeking a national policy in this regard.
at a joint press conference, all telecom operators and industry associations demanded that there should be a uniform tower policy that can be implemented across the country.
terming restrictions imposed on installation of towers by municipal authorities as the major reason for increasing call drops, operators demanded that the government should telecom towers in government lands, buildings and defence buildings.
we need a uniform national tower policy which can be implemented nationally and not just guidelines, idea cellular md himanshu kapania told reporters here, adding that such a policy will help to install more towers.
vodafone india md & ceo sunil sood said telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad has already come out in favour of the industry for installing more towers and also allayed fears with regard to radiation threat.
on likelihood of the call drop issue further deteriorating going forward, sood said, if you dont get a tower policy, yes, it will.
when asked about giving compensation to customers against dropped calls, sood said pricing decisions are taken by individual operators.
bharti airtel (india & south asia) md & ceo gopal vittal said the operators have made massive investments in the sector to provide services and the industry is not going to shy away for making further investments.
the industry cited several challenges being faced during installation of towers due to different reasons including state bodies actions without prior notices, restrictions by municipalities, sealing orders, power supply issues and difficulties in getting clearances for installing sites.
telcos said over 10,000 cell sites have been made non-operational due to some of these reasons across major cities like delhi, mumbai, chandigarh, bengaluru, hyderabad, patna, jaipur, etc.
they also want various state governments and municipal corporations to provide permissions for site installation on government buildings and support an affordable right of way for fibre.
proposal on compensating users for call drops by oct 15: trainew delhi, oct 1, 2015 (pti) 15:29 istsectoral regulator trai will come out with recommendations on compensating consumers for call drops by october 15 while it will also release a service paper in the next few days listing reasons behind the menace.
the telecom regulatory authority of india (trai) today conducted an open house discussion on the issue wherein all the stakeholders including mobile operators and consumer groups expressed their views.
we will come out with recommendations on compensation to the consumers for call drops by october 15.
the stakeholders can submit their written submission on the issue deliberated today by october 5, trai chairman r s sharma said here.
he further said the regulator will also come out with a quality of service paper in the next few days which will identify the reasons responsible for call drops.
we will present the ground situation on call drops in data terms, sharma added.
the move will help customers to determine, which player is providing better services in an area that will help them in choosing an operator.
trai will also publish the results of the drive tests conducted by it on september 28-29 in delhi and mumbai in a few days.
apart from the two metros, trai has also conducted drive tests in five other cities including ahmadabad and pune recently.
it is also considering making it mandatory for telecom operators to disclose their network capacities periodically, as the regulator feels that call drop problem needs to be examined in entirety.
the operators are though opposing any move for compensation on call drops while the consumers are strongly backing it.
the operators said there are many things which are responsible for call drops and not all are under their control.
they also said the cost to set up a mechanism for tracking call drops will be huge.
bharti airtel said during the open house that as per the licence conditions, operators are required to provide street level coverage and not inside buildings.
telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad had yesterday said that call drop problem was improving across the country.
the minister said operators have contained the problem and nearly half of the defective mobile sites have been fixed to address the menace.
the call drop problem has become acute in the last four-five months and even prime minister narendra modi has voiced serious concern over the issue.
the government recently stepped up pressure on operators to check call drops asking their promoters including anil ambani, kumar mangalam birla and sunil mittal to directly intervene in the matter.
it had also warned that the companies would face penal action if they fail to take corrective actions.
cong to counter civil societylast updated: 12 june, 2011dehradun/kolkata/delhi, jun 12, dhns and agencies: 0:33 istramdev breaks nine-day fast; anna complains to sonia againon a day when baba ramdev broke his nine-day-old fast, a belligerent congress announced to launch a countrywide campaign to counter the anti-graft movement by the yoga guru and civil society activist anna hazare.
hours after ramdev broke his fast in dehradun heeding appeals of spiritual, religious and non-congress political leaders, union finance minister pranab mukherjee, who was in kolkata, launched a frontal attack against the duo alleging that a section of civil society was trying to weaken democratic institutions.
the constitution has given the power to legislate only to parliament and the state assemblies.
if 5,000 or 6,000 people dictate from outside what the parliament ought to do, this will weaken democracy, mukherjee told a press conference.
he also accused the rashtriya swayamsevak sangh and the bharatiya janata party of trying to create trouble for the government by providing logistical support to the movement to settle scores as the congress had raised its voice against right-wing extremism.
as mukherjee spoke of launching an awareness campaign all over the country on the issue through debates, discussions and seminars, hazare shot off another letter to congress president, sonia gandhi protesting against her party leaders calling him a mask of bjp and rss.
he challenged the congress leaders to come out with evidence to prove their point.
in a three-page letter, a hurt hazare said such remarks were part of a conspiracy to defame him and urged her to ensure that these leaders should not resort to character assassination and mislead people on the jan lokpal bill.
he ended the fast in the presence of various religious and spiritual leaders, the art of living founder said.
doctors said ramdev would be discharged from hospital in two-three days though his condition is stable.
the yoga guru had been fasting since june 4 to protest against graft and wanted the government to evolve a mechanism to bring back black money stashed abroad.
ramdevs aide balkrishna said that the yoga gurus struggle against graft would continue.
the congress and the bjp welcomed ramdevs decision to end the fast.
congress general secretary janardhan dwivedi said it is good news while bjp spokesperson ravishankarprasad prasad said the party had a sense of satisfaction.
congress spokesman abhishek manu singhvi said, congress has nothing to do with it.
.
.
but it is good for his health.
he should have listened to medical advice earlier.
however, another congress general secretary, b k hariprasad, dubbed ramdev a fraud and a dhongi (fake) baba.
earlier, punjab chief minister parkash singh badal, former haryana chief minister om prakash chautala and janata party leader subramanian swamy had met ramdev.
new delhi, mar 3, 2015 (pti) 20:16 istgovernment today faced an embarassment in the rajya sabha when an amendment moved by the opposition to the president's address over corruption and blackmoney was passed.
the amendment was moved by cpi(m) members sitaram yechury and p rajeeve and it was passed through division of votes after the government's plea for withdrawal of the step failed.
there is no mention in the address about the failure of the government to curb high level corruption and to bring back black money, read the amendment.
parliamentary affairs minister m venkaiah naidu tried to dissuade senior member yechury from moving the amendment, saying there was a mention about black money.
he said his concern has been noted and hence should withdraw the amendment.
yechury said normally he would accept such a request, but he was pressing for the amendment as the government left no choice as even after 14 hours of debate, opposition was denied opportunity to seek clarification on the prime minister's reply.
he also took objection to the prime minister leaving the house soon after his hour-long reply.
this is the fourth time in rajya sabha's history that an amendment moved by the opposition to the motion of thanks to the president's address has been passed.
the previous times such a thing happened was on january 30, 1980, during janata party rule, then on december 29, 1989, during v p singh-led national front and third time on march 12, 2001 when atal bihari vajpayee-led nda government was in power.
the amendment was passed with 118 votes in favour and 57 against it, reminding that the government is in acute minority in rajya sabha.
the development highlighted the difficult task that the government is bound to face in its endeavour to get key economic reforms bills passed.
earlier, naidu tried his best to persuade yechury to not move the amandment by saying the government is trying to bring back black money and there is no difference of opionion on this point.
you have a right.
your concerns are understood.
.
.
.
but do not press for division, naidu urged yechury.
the cpi(m) leader however was in no mood to accede to the request.
he said in normal course he would have consented but in the present situation, the opposition had not been allowed to make interjections as they do sometimes when they disagree or even to seek clarifications.
even the leader of opposition was not allowed.
.
.
.
this is is violation of all norms and procedures and parliamentary democracy in this house, he said.
amid the din, congress member ramchandra rao displayed a banner to which ansari said if he failed to put it down he will be compelled to ask him to leave the house.
the member later agreed and took his seat.
naidu again sought to dissuade yechury from moving ahead with the division of votes over the amendment saying that it was not the precedence and added that clarifications are sought when a statement is made.
he said in this case, every party had spoken and never before any clarification was given.
there was much uproar and union minister ravishankarprasad prasad too reiterated that as far as clarifications are concerned, it is never allowed to which yechury retorted i know my rights as a member, my right is inalienable.
ansari then said the member (yechury) has the right to press it.
he said the parliamentary affairs minister had mentioned convention and propriety.
he said if yechury wanted to insist on pushing ahead with the amendment, the chair cannot deny.
we were left with no other option as despite 14 hours debate we didn't get answer to the main issue, yechury said admant on divsion on vote on the amendment.
naidu and prasad were seen making attempts to convince the opposition members including azad from taking such a step.
as the amendment was moved, sukhendu sekhar roy (tmc) mentioned that he too had moved an amendment similar to the one moved by yechury.
he later, withdrew it saying, already an identical amendment has been passed so i am withdrawing it.
harming the cause of justicer d sharma, jan 21, 2017 23:37 istexecutive-judiciary spat : the top court inflicted a wound upon itself in asking the government to draw up a revised memorandum of procedure to selectalthough justice t s thakurs tenure as chief justice of india (cji) came to an end on january 3 this year, will there be an end to the ongoing tussle between the government and judiciary over the appointment of judges in higher courts with justice j s khehars taking over as new chief justice of the supreme court (sc)?
the former cji had slammed the centre on several occasions for delaying the appointment of judges and bringing the judiciary to a grinding halt.
according to him, vacancies of judges in countrys 24 high courts were over 50  and the sc collegiums recommendation to fill them up was not taken with all seriousness it deserved.
law minister ravishankarprasad prasad, in turn, denied the charge citing the figure of 126 appointment of high court judges, the highest in the last 25 years, made by his ministry last year, thereby breaking upa record of 121 in 2013.
not only he questioned the then cji for not sending recommendations to fill seven vacancies of sc judges but also blamed all high court chief justices for not filling 4,400 vacant posts of judges in lower judiciary where the government has no role to play.
it is no exaggeration to say that the delay in filling up vacancies in the countrys badly understaffed judiciary at all levels has reached a flashpoint.
as the government and judiciary spar over selection process of judges, cases have been piling up.
according to official figures, countrys 24 high courts have about four million pending cases.
at the same time, 500 out of 1079 sanctioned posts of judges are lying vacant.
nearly 30 million cases await disposal in trial courts where about 5,000 out of 20,502 sanctioned posts of judges are yet to be filled.
not only this, the apex court also has only 24 judges out of its sanctioned strength of 31 including the chief justice to tackle around 60,000 cases.
consequently, the overburdened available judges are unable to clear the huge backlog of cases, leave alone handle new ones.
thus, the shortage of judges coupled with increased pendency of cases is adding to litigants woes and harming the cause of justice.
at the heart of the matter seems to be a tussle between the executive and the judiciary that has been in the making for some time.
following the 1993 apex court judgment, the so-called collegium system came into being for judges selection to ensure judiciarys independence.
the bjp government sought to give the executive more of a dominant role in the selection process when it came to power in 2014 by getting a legislation passed to establish a national judicial appointments commission (njac) which would take over the task.
but, the move was struck down by the sc as unconstitutional and void restoring thereby the collegium system which led to the deficit of trust between the centre and the judiciary.
the sc had admitted that the collegium system was needed to be improved and then asked the government to draw up a revised memorandum of procedure (mop) to be adopted for the selection of sc and hc judges.
the top court inflicted the wound upon itself in asking the government to do so.
this has been seen as an opportunity to control appointments through procedure which it couldnt via the njac.
it now seeks to arm itself with the ultimate power through a controversial clause in the new mop draft to reject a nomination on the grounds of national interest which is being seen by the judiciary as a veto power of the executive to erode the primacy of the cji in judicial appointments.
the very objective of the ruling to protect judicial independence has been lost as hundreds of posts still remain vacant.
the centre is still going slow on appointments, even rejecting clearance to many nominations.
in the latest instance, it has rejected 13 appointments to the allahabad high court.
there is the government-judiciary stand-off over the finalisation of mop.
the executive is deliberately delaying the judges appointment being miffed at the idea of judges appointing judges.
inadequate manpowerit hardly needs mention that inadequate manpower coupled with poor infrastructure is the main cause behind the delay and resultant backlog.
the real sufferers in such a grim situation continue to be the hapless litigants and poor undertrials whose cases linger on for years due to shortage of judges, infrastructural inadequacies and dilatory judicial procedures.
they are not merely reminded that justice delayed is justice denied, they cannot help wondering if the concept of justice has been compromised, jeopardised and negated, in their cases.
any attempt at securing justice is an ordeal on its own and financially ruinous for many.
as is commonly known to one and all, by the time an appeal can be heard, the accused would already have served a life sentence, to say the least.
under such pressing circumstances, it should be the top priority for government to resolve its differences with judiciary sitting across the table, rather than dragging them out into the open.
the executive and the judiciary are two vital pillars of democracy and share a common goal of providing speedy justice.
if so, it is not at all difficult to find a mutually acceptable solution of the logjam which is affecting both the governance and justice delivery system.
let the two branches of the state come together on an issue that requires a good deal of consultation and cooperation.
in short, it is not prudent for the executive and judiciary to be locked in any ugly confrontation.
all in all, an early finalisation of the revised mop for judicial appointments that ensures transparency is an imperative need of the hour.
prasad woos us cos to start manufacturing in india,offers sopsnew delhi, jan 25, 2015 (pti) 12:03 istoffering lucrative incentives, telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad today invited us technology companies to start manufacturing in india, for meeting domestic needs and exports, under the 'make in india' initiative.
when we say make in india, i invite big american companies to manufacture in india.
(we will) give all benefits that is available for indian companies.
make for india and make for exports, prasad said at 'india us dialogues' event organised by the observer research foundation and network 18.
us president barack obama arrived here today to a red-carpet welcome by prime minister narendra modi on his unprecedented second visit during which the two sides are expected to push for operationalising the civil nuclear pact, firm up defence cooperation besides strengthening ties in areas like trade.
prasad said there are a lot of incentives available for electronics manufacturing in india that can be availed by us companies as well.
in plain terms, if you invest usd 100 here, we will give you usd 25.
then state incentives are also available, prasad said.
the government is making efforts to boost electronics manufacturing in the country.
india imported telecom products worth rs 69,516.
37 crore in 2013-14 while exports of such items were at rs 20,475.
17 crore during the year, leaving a significant deficit of rs 49,041.
20 crore.
the telecom minister said government has opened up electronic development fund worth billions of dollars to support electronics manufacturing in the country.
it can be another area where india and us can work together, he added.
whenever i see records, 60 per cent of india's it exports or about 50 billion are to us.
whenever i go bangalore, pune, hyderabad, gurgaon, i see american companies having back-end office there.
people come to meet me from facebook, google and they are all keen to invest more in india, prasad said.
he said that mantra of government is very clear which is what is doable shall be done and what cannot shall be gently conveyed.
new delhi, march 12, 2015, ians/pti 17:48 istbjp president amit shah on thursday reconstituted the party's national executive which has 111 members, including prime minister narendra modi and senior party leader l.k. advani.
the list has 27 special invitees, including chief ministers and deputy chief ministers of the bharatiya janata party-ruled states.
hrd minister smriti irani, minority affairs minister najma heptulla, are among the prominent faces whom bjp chief amit shah dropped from party's national executive announced on thursday.
all the eight chief ministers of bjp-ruled states and two deputy chief ministers, including that in jammu and kashmir where the party shares power with pdp, besides 24 former chief ministers and three former deputy chief ministers are permanent invitees to the national executive.
the bjp chief has also made 40 senior leaders from across the country special invitees to the national executive.
among those who are part of the new national body include party veterans l k advani and murli manohar joshi, besides union ministers rajnath singh, sushma swaraj, arun jaitley, m venkaiah naidu, nitin gadkari, ananth kumar, thawarchand gehlot, jagat prakash nadda, ravishankarprasad prasad, kalraj mishra, narendra singh tomar, harsh vardhan, bandaru dattatreya and radha mohan singh.
others include yashwant sinha, vinay katiyar, c p thakur, jual oram, s s ahluwalia, vijay k malhotra, besides hukumdev narayan singh, l ganeshan, lalji tandon, o rajgopal, tathagat roy, gulab chand katariya and subramanyam swami.
young ministers mukhtar abbas naqvi, dharmendra pradhan, rajeev pratap rudy, prakash javadekar, (gen) v k singh, suresh prabhu, birendra singh, piyush goyal and nirmala sitharaman are also part of the new executive.
other leaders like varun gandhi, tapir gaon, vijay goyal satpal maharaj, vishnubhushan harichandan, vijay mahapatra and p k krishna das, v shanmughanathan, are also its members.
party's firebrand leaders like yogi adityanath and navjot singh sidhu are part of the executive, while another such leader sadhvi niranjan jyoti is a special invitee.
all the bjp chief ministers shivraj singh chauhan, raman singh, vasundhra raje scindia, anandiben patel, raghuvar das, devendra gandadharrao fadnavis, manohar lal khattar and laxmikant parsekar, besides deputy chief ministers fracesco de d'souza and nirmal singh are also invitees.
besides, all legislative assembly and legislative council party leaders, state presidents of all states, all general secretaries (organisation) will be special invitees in national executive.
despite assurances, concerns prevail over aadhaar securityapril 5, 2017, dhns 1:08 ist* the delhi police crime branch register an fir against skoch group chairman sameer kochhar after he wrote that aadhaar can be hacked, raising questions on the security of aadhaar platform which the government is utilising.
* a news channel reporter was booked for airing a news report exposing that two enrolment numbers can be obtained by submitting the same set of biometrics.
* former india cricket captain mahendra singh dhonis aadhaar details were leaked and put in public domain through a twitter handle of a central services centre in ranchi.
despite the government making the use of aadhaar mandatory for availing growing number of different schemes and services, the ministry of electronics and information technology (meit) has not been able to fully mitigate the concerns on individual privacy and national security given the critical mass data available with the unique identification authority of india (uidai) which administers aadhaar.
barring statements such as: dont demonise aadhaar or aadhaar is very secure, which are repeated after every single instance of breach of confidential information, the uidai is still to demonstrate whether inbuilt firewalls are alerting their security managers before details get public.
and in case there is a loophole in the system, which can be more than one if social media is to be believed, is there any attempt to bridge that?
since the uidai is the custodian of individuals personal data, it will not be out of place to ascertain, for example, whether the authorities came to know that m s dhonis aadhaar details were leaked before his wife sakshi singh brought it to the notice of it minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
the uidai though blacklisted the centre concerned for 10 years for the illegal act, it did not offer any clue on the existence of an in-house corrective mechanism.
moreover, while the passwords or pin numbers can be changed in cases of hacked email accounts or debit and credit cards, the fingerprints and iris image of aadhaar cant be altered.
adding to the apprehension is an admission from a scientist of meit, archana dureja, who officially acknowledged in a march 25 letter that confidential personal information has been put online which is an offence under the aadhaar act.
there have been instances wherein personal identity or information of residents, including aadhaar number and demographic information and other sensitive personal data such as bank account details etc, collected by various ministries/departments, state government departments, in the administration of its various welfare schemes etc, has been reportedly published online and is accessible through an easy online search, archana wrote to secretaries and chief secretaries of states.
sources in the ministry agree with the need to have such posers at uidai to make the system foolproof as they argue that more than pilferage of individual information, national security is at stake.
with the world going digital, securing mass data pool is as valuable and strategic as the crucial deployment of military hardware especially since the world is looking up to india for offering the biggest global market for business, said ministry sources.
the use of aadhaar in a controlled atmosphere is more secure than opening up its use in an unrestricted market, ministry sources argued.
the potential of demographic and biometric information of individuals in future economic warfare could be frightening.
the uidai recently responded to an rti application, informing that its offices had received 1,390 complaints against enrolment agencies during a period of six years.
these complaints were received between september 29, 2010  when aadhaar was launched, till october 31, 2016.
during this period, more than 80  of all the indian residents were enrolled.
a total of 556 enrolment agencies and 125 registrars are working with the uidai which also disclosed that its regional office in bengaluru had sought police probe into three complaints received there.
motivated campaignnandan nilekani, who had conceived the idea of aadhaar as the first former chairman of uidai, opines that the news reports raising questions on the vulnerability of the digital platform is nothing but a motivated campaign.
he said in a recent interview that to single out and demonise aadhaar when we have an across-the-board issue with mobile phones, voice recognition systems, cctv cameras, internet of things etc, that is a motivated campaign.
he also described aadhaar as very secure.
the agency collecting the data has no access to it as it uses the most advanced encryption technology.
the data packet is encrypted at source.
.
.
the level of encryption that aadhaar has is way above any other system today, including in the private sector.
plus, the security keeps getting enhanced.
nobody has given me a single example of data theft from aadhaar.
show me one.
let someone say they took out this packet and opened it.
he cant.
its all this hand-waving kind of stuff.
i can categorically say that it is the most secure system in india and among the most secure systems in the world, he emphatically argued.
the narendra modi government stated that privacy laws have been tightened in the aadhaar bill much more than the legislation drafted by previous upa regime.
this was to allay fears of critics and opposition parties which had strong doubts on privacy safeguards, possibility of surveillance and that the act took away individual control on information.
globally, the grey cyber market is working overtime to break into secured biometric system of authentication of information.
two years ago, the united states office of personnel management witnessed heist of 5.
6 million fingerprint records that forced the most developed nation to come up with a defence to check cyber attack using fingerprint data.
by many counts the government's intention of using aadhaar for quicker, cleaner and efficient delivery of subsidies to beneficiaries is justifiable but equally, there is a requirement for a comprehensive privacy law in the country to address the adverse fallout of impatient peoples quest for the time-defying technology.
some of that debate is happening in the supreme court which is hearing a batch of petitions relating to aadhaar and privacy.
open to idea of separate mechanism for broadcasting cases: fmnew delhi, feb 6, 2016, pti: 14:23 istgovernment is open to the proposal of creating separate dispute resolution mechanisms for broadcasting and telecom sectors, union minister arun jaitley said today.
amid sector regulator tdsat flooded with the cases, its chairperson justice aftab alam said the number of broadcasting cases has far exceeded those related to telecom sector.
he was speaking at a seminar on telecom and broadcasting theme  art (adjudication, regulation, telecommunication) of convergence, tdsat.
responding to the issue raised by justice alam, jaitley, who holds the charge of information and broadcasting ministry besides finance ministry, said the government was willing to look at the suggestion of having a separate mechanism to deal with broadcasting cases.
he asked the tdsat to bring before the government an appropriate suggestion in this regard.
you have thrown a new challenge to the entire thought process and that challenge is even when acts are framed with best of intentions, the ingenuity of lawyers, the unlimited jurisdiction of judges creates a situation of a divided authority.
parts of the same issue or some part of the same cause of action are pending before one authority, some parts would also be pending before courts, said jaitley.
stressing that tdsat has by and large functioned well, he said the issues flagged by tdsat chairman were a matter for consideration.
i will certainly bring in to his (telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad) notice that it will require some element of reconsideration, what the alternate mechanism of dealing.
.
.
particularly relating to broadcasting because you feel it (tdsat) is flooded with broadcasting disputes, he said.
last year there were 707 cases filed before tdsat.
of those 593 were related to broadcast sector and remaining 104 from telecom.
.
.
.
experience is if you.
.
.
leave it to the jurisdiction of civil court than probably the issues can get indefinitely delayed and therefore what that alternate mechanism could be, has it to be some other mechanism under the (trai) act etc which is to be created, i am sure the government would always be willing to look at it so that the time and energy of tdsat is really spent on larger commercial issues and issues relating to how the technology.
.
.
, he said.
later talking to reporters, justice alam said when the trai bill was brought in parliament, simultaneously there was a broadcasting bill also.
the broadcasting bill did not make into a law.
there are issues that need to be addressed.
.
.
this (broadcasting) is a very vibrant sector.
everyday new challenges are coming up, new issues are coming up, debates are going on.
these issues will have to be addressed, he added.
last updated: 28 april, 2011new delhi, april 28, dhns: 9:04 istin a development unprecedented in the history of indian parliamentary democracy, parliament's public accounts committee (pac) scrutinising the 2g scam on thursday stood a divided house with congress and some other party members declaring ''a new chairman''and forcing the incumbent chief m m joshi to walk out.
thursdays crucial pac meeting, which was to circulate the panels 2g scam draft report, which has held the prime ministers office and the cabinet secretariat responsible for failing to take corrective action in preventing the huge loss to the exchequer, was effectively scuttled by 11 ruling party and sp and bsp members.
the pac is a 22-member body with one vacancy.
they rejected the report and declared they had elected congress rajya sabha member saifuddin soz as the committee chairman.
this move itself was violative of parliamentary norms according to which the pac chairman should be from the principal opposition party.
they quoted rule 61, claiming that a majority of members on the pac had decided on electing a new chairman.
members backing joshi said a rajya sabha member can not head a lok sabha panel  the pac.
they said the task of the pac was finished and the next logical step would be to submit the report to the lok sabha speaker.
the pac meeting that began shortly after 11 am debated leakage of the report and its alleged outsourcing before it broke for lunch.
congress members, according to sources, sought summoning of former telecom minster a raja for questioning.
but it was in the post-lunch session that the meeting witnessed slogan-shouting from congress, sp, bsp and dmk members who sought a division and a vote on the report.
pac chairman and veteran bjp leader murli manohar joshi allowed each member to express his views, but this did not stop the congress-led group from disrupting the proceedings and dismissing the report.
shortly after the bedlam, joshi said in the parliament premises that he would have to look into all kinds of allegations, including outsourcing, leakage of the report and members speaking on television about the document.
refusing to comment on when the report would be submitted, joshi said there are still two days left.
the current pacs term lasts till the end of this month.
condemning the action, bjp spokesman ravishankarprasad prasad said: we see these attacks as a part of pattern.
we want to know, how is it that when manmohan singh found him (joshi) competent as the pac chief, how can he be called a villain.
reacting to the unsavoury developments, bjp mp bhartruhari mahtab said joshi remains the chairman and it is upto him to send the report to the speaker or take any other action that he deems suitable.
describing the action of the congress and other members to elect a new chairman as juvenile and childish, mahtab said only the lok sabha speaker can decide on a new pac chairman after following due procedures.
besides holding the pmo and the cabinet secretariat responsible for their failure to take corrective action, the report has censured prime minister manmohan singh for some unfortunate ommissions and made strong adverse remarks against p chidambaram who, at the time of spectrum allocation in 2008, was the finance minister.
on its part, the congress, which, as the party leading the upa government, is having to answer for a slew of corruption charges, attacked joshi for his partisan acts accused him of breaking public confidence and trust in the parliamentary institution.
human resource development minister kapil sibal said joshi tried a cloak and dagger exercise.
but mahtab said the congress members, who till wednesday were referring to the spectrum case as sub judice, were now demanding that raja be summoned afterthe draft report was already in the public domain.
pointing out that not all members need agree on the reports contents, mahtab said the same the thing happened with the kargil reports, operation desert and the coffin scam.
as per rules, he said, any complaint against the committees proceedings could only be routed through the chairman only which has not happened today.
the bjp mp said there was no rule to reject the report.
congress, dmk and sp members complained that important annexures to the draft report were not circulated to the committee members.
there is incongruity in the narrative part and reports observation part, they said.
new delhi, aug 5, 2015 (pti) 15:31 ista probe has been initiated to determine the source behind the editing of former prime minister jawaharlal nehru's profile with objectionable comments on popular internet site wikipedia, government said today.
on july 1, it was published in various media reports that nehru's wikipedia profile was edited with some objectionable comments.
wikipedia had subsequently reverted the changes as per their policy.
actions have been initiated to investigate into the incident and determine the source of edit, telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad said in a written reply to lok sabha.
the minister was responding to a query regarding action taken by the government on this issue.
prasad said as per the information published on wikipedia website, it is a multilingual, web-based, free-content encyclopedia project supported by 'wikimedia foundation' based on a model of openly editable content.
it is a us-based non profit organisation that operates wikipedia and other free knowledge projects.
wikipedia provides an open platform for anonymous volunteers to write articles on any subject.
further, the articles available on the wikipedia website can be edited by any user having internet access, expect in limited cases where editing is restricted to prevent disruption or vandalism, prasad said.
thus, users can contribute anonymously hiding their identity, unless the users choose to use their real names, he added.
earlier, the congress party has demanded a full enquiry and lodging of a criminal case into the reported changes made from a central government ip address on wikipedia pages on jawaharlal nehru.
press trust of india, new delhi, jun 2 2017, 18:19 istit services major infosys today said it will hire 20,000 people this year as against only 400 people being asked to leave on performance grounds and termed reports of large-scale job losses as overstated.
infosys coo ub pravin rao said the technology-driven transformation presents new opportunities for companies like infosys.
with respect to all the talks of layoffs, it's regular performance based things that we do every year.
the number is really 300-400, which is consistent with what we have seen every year, rao told reporters after a 30-minute meeting with it minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
he said the country's second largest software exporter is creating more jobs, adding more people and letting go of only minuscule number of people, purely from performance related perspective.
rao met the minister along with infosys co-chairman ravi venkatesan.
he declined however to comment on views of infosys co- founder nr narayana murthy that jobs can be protected if the senior executives of companies take salary cuts and invest in employee re-skilling.
prasad also asserted that it companies like tata consultancy services and infosys continue to hire in large numbers.
tcs has written that they have employed 2.
5 lakh people in last 3 years and this year they are going to employ 20,000 more.
.
.
all this talk of sluggishness is unwarranted, he said.
the comments come at a time when there have been reports of layoffs across the it sector.
tech majors like wipro, infosys, cognizant and tech mahindra have initiated annual performance reviews, a process that weeds out bottom performers or non-performers.
this has compounded fears that thousands of employees in the sector could be shown the door over the next few weeks.
the it sector is already battling challenges in the business environment and stricter work permit regime in countries like the us, singapore, australia and new zealand.
various employee unions have approached labour commissioners and state governments to intervene in the matter.
i think all the news about job losses are overstated.
infosys itself last year recruited over 20,000 people and this year again, we are likely to repeat similar numbers, rao said.
he added that in the first half of the year, the company will recruit over 10,000 people.
govt plans to transform india post into a multi-service agencynew delhi, nov 16, 2014, (pti): 11:40 istaiming to leverage technology to provide cost-effective and innovative solutions, the government is planning to equip india post to handle not only savings and insurance services, but also payments and data registration.
with the world's largest postal network, india post has about 1.
55 lakh post offices spread across the country.
on an average, a post office serves an area of 21.
21 sq km and a population of 7,175 people.
the government is planning to utilise the huge resources at the disposal of india post to provide cost-effective and innovative solutions to the citizens like financial services using digital connectivity, a source said.
the task force is already in consultation with related ministries on how to best use these resources.
already there are plans to roll out hand-held devices and related software to post offices on a pan-india basis from october 2016, the source said.
the idea behind the exercise is to enable the postman in rural areas to provide a plethora of services like savings and insurance, normal postal operations and also value added services like accepting payments of various services as well as registration of data, the source added.
prime minister narendra modi has set up a task force to leverage the postal network in india to enhance the role of india posts in financial inclusion, among other services and is expected to submit its report by year-end.
the task force includes the department of posts secretary kavery banerjee, telecom secretary rakesh garg, department of electronics and it secretary r s sharma, rural development secretary l c goyal and former sebi chairman g n bajpai.
former cabinet secretary tsr subramanian is the chairman of the task force.
communications and it minister ravishankarprasad prasad has on various occasions said india post with its unparallelled rural reach is best suited to offer delivery services to e-commerce players.
already, the west bengal circle of the postal department has approached various industrial bodies with a plan to create an online marketplace for the local traders.
nitish doing 'dirty politics', alleges bjpnew delhi, feb 12, 2015 (pti): 22:20 istbjp today described as malicious and baseless the charges made by nitish kumar that it was luring jd(u) mlas, and said it has nothing to do with its internal strife and charged the former bihar chief minister of doing dirty politics.
the bjp also questioned nitish kumar on why he was unable to control his own mlas and why he has no faith on them and has brought them to delhi to keep them under the security of up government in greater noida.
we totally reject this malicious charge.
they are unfortunate and shameful.
it is a desperate nitish kumar who is yet to come to terms with his very conclusive defeat in the bihar lok sabha elections.
it is a clear indication of frustration.
bjp has nothing to do with internal fight of jd-u.
this fight is within jd-u.
nitish kumar should not vent out his frustration on bjp, union minister ravishankarprasad prasad said.
the senior bjp leader said it is not expected of nitish kumar to make such lightweight and baseless allegations which the bjp refutes.
he said allegation of bjp offering tickets and money to lure mlas are completely baseless.
nitish kumar has made false, baseless and malicious allegations against bjp.
without naming any leader, he has criticised prime minister and amit shah.
we outrightly reject his remarks.
they are baseless and false.
such false and baseless allegations are not expected of nitish kumar, who talks of dignity and probity, he said.
bjp spokesperson shahnawaz hussain also termed as right the decision of governor keshri nath tripathi to allow manjhi to prove his majority on february 20 as the same was notified earlier.
nitish kumar is indulging in dirty politics by pointing fingers at a constitutional authority.
he is in the habit of criticising everybody.
it seems he is too eager and is in a hurry to get power.
the governor has taken the right decision to invite chief minister jitan ram manjhi to prove his majority as convening of the assembly session was notified earlier.
there cannot be separate session for nitish kumar to fulfil his aspirations for attaining power, hussain told pti.
prasad said when kumar left the chief minister's post, he had said he was quitting taking moral responsibility for the lok sabha debacle.
but today, kumar is so desperate to become chief minister again.
we want to know what fresh mandate has he got from public to don the cm's chair again, he asked.
the bjp leader said that kumar is talking of removing jitan ram manjhi for not giving good governance.
but is he being removed for that, he questioned.
he said when members of a community were burnt alive in a block in muzaffarpur, kumar did not talk of removing manjhi or even when crime was increasing in bihar.
kumar was ruling bihar indirectly and the moment manjhi removed certain officials appointed by him (kumar) from top positions, he got upset from that day onwards, the bjp leader claimed.
because he lost the power to rule bihar indirectly.
this is the truth.
the fight and strife is within jd-u, he said.
he said the supreme court has stated in bommai judgement that when anyone loses majority, it will be decided on floor of assembly and not before the governor or the president.
the telecom minister said the governor took a decision keeping in view constitutional provisions and supreme court judgement.
if nitish kumar wants he can make the government fall, he said.
why can't nitish kumar control his own mlas.
after all, he is parading these mlas before the president and governor.
you control your mlas.
are you having any lurking doubt that they have to be brought to delhi and have to be safely kept in the security of up government in greater noida.
it was not expected of nitish kumar to make such light weight and baseless allegations and we refute them.
it is a desperate nitish kumar who is yet to come to terms with his very conclusive defeat in the bihar lok sabha elections.
it is a clear indication of frustration, he said.
kumar attacked prime minister narendra modi, alleging that he was behind the move to allow manjhi more time to prove his majority so that horse-trading of mlas could be done.
kumar had yesterday paraded about 130 mlas in delhi and met president pranab mukherjee demanding his intervention.
leaders from rjd, congress, samajwadi party and the left had accompanied him during the meeting.
the union cabinet on wednesday approved a national biofuel policy which seeks to enhance ethanol production and reduce crude oil import price by rs 4,000 crore this year.
the policy expands the sources of raw materials for ethanol production by allowing the use of sugarcane juice, sugar beet, sweet sorghum, starch-containing materials like corn, cassava, damaged food grains like wheat, broken rice, rotten potatoes which are unfit for human consumption for ethanol production.
farmers are at a risk of not getting appropriate price for their produce during the surplus production phase.
taking this into account, the policy allows the use of surplus food grains for production of ethanol for blending with petrol with the approval of national biofuel coordination committee, an official statement said after the cabinet meeting.
one crore litre of ethanol saves rs 28 crore of forex at current rates.
the year 2017-18 is likely to see a supply of around 150 crore litres of ethanol which will result in savings of over rs 4,000 crore of forex, law and it minister ravishankarprasad prasad said briefing reporters.
he said it will also have potential health and environmental benefits.
new delhi, nov 9, 2015 (pti) 21:53 istsulking bjp mp shatrughan sinha today claimed the bihar poll results could have been different for his party had he been projected as the chief ministerial candidate.
i am not bragging, but i do feel that when the darling (laadla) of bihar people, the dhartiputra (son of the soil) and the original 'bihari babu' was deliberately sidelined, it definitely had an impact on my supporters and fans.
i can't say how much difference it could have been, but i can definitely say, some difference would have been there.
we could have definitely got more seats than what we got, he told rajat sharma in 'aaj ki baat' (rpt) 'aaj ki baat' programme on india tv, according to a press release issued by the channel.
asked whether he was unhappy for not being made a minister at the centre, he said,these are all stale dialogues, planted by vested interests.
some people grabbed too many posts, they started saying i am unhappy because i was not made a minister.
sinha said, you don't get feathers of gold on you when you become a minister, but yes, when i was not made a minister, my fans, supporters, my relatives, friends and my voters began thinking why was i not made a minister.
what was my sin?
was my performance not good as a health minister, or whether i did not perform well in the shipping ministry.
he said, i know, and i console them by saying it is prime minister's prerogative to select a minister.
i am not challenging his wisdom, but simultaneously i console them, if not today, tomorrow (may be i become a minister).
on his name not figuring in the posters and banners during bihar polls, he said, several times they (supporters, fans) felt i was being deliberately sidelined, for some particular reason, on which i will not speak much.
the patna sahib mp also did not approve of making the prime minister the sole campaigner for the party but said, had he not campaigned the bjp would not even have got the seats it won.
is it the right method?
could we not lessen the prime minister's burden?
could we not been brought to the front?
but why, i think you know the reason better, he said, seeking accountability being fixed and action taken against those responsible for the defeat.
hitting out at the party leadership for inducting leaders from outside to micromanage the campaign in bihar, he said they were brought in from punjab, maharashtra and delhi, who were completely out of touch with grassroots workers and ground reality, who did not understand the caste equations here.
sinha said, these people stationed here for months together, so much money, talent and energy were spent, and what was the result?
.
.
.
we do not learn from the earlier defeat in delhi.
it showed desperation.
we lost badly and that makes me sad.
telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad said controversial remark on caste reservation by rss chief mohan bhagwat and the raging beef controversy had nothing to do with the election debacle faced by bjp in bihar.
it was a big defeat, which was completely unexpected, he told the channel.
asked if bjp was put on the defensive by bhagwat's remark during polls, prasad said, that is being unnecessarily hyped.
i do not agree.
they were making it an issue at the lower level, but later it was clarified both by the rss and the prime minister.
it was not such a big issue.
he said, but i agree it is a big defeat for us, which have faced after a long time in bihar.
more than a year back we had an emphatic win in bihar during the lok sabha elections.
we had also won in elections before that, but this time we are back to our position during the nineties.
union women and child development minister maneka gandhi has asked information technology minister ravishankarprasad prasad to block a website which claims to calculate the dowry amount for grooms and take action against its developers.
maneka wrote a letter in this regard on wednesday to her cabinet colleague prasad, saying the website should be blocked as it promotes seeking dowry by men.
she said that it has been brought to her notice that there is a website www.
dowrycalculator.com that suggests a dowry amount a potential groom can expect after considering parameters like his caste, qualification, profession, income etc.
maneka said in her letter this was not only shameful but also illegal as it promoted dowry.
i request you to have this site blocked immediately and initiate action against the owners/developers of the website and the agency which is hosting this website, the minister said.
she further mentioned that she has asked the secretary in the ministry of wcd to initiate proceedings under the dowry prohibition act in this matter.
the practice of dowry is a punishable offence.
the website, which has been seen by some on social media networks as a satirical attempt at the practice of dowry, says on its website that it is dedicated to all the match-making aunties of india.
rahul gandhi uttered 'white lie': ravishankarprasad prasadnew delhi, april 19, 2015 (ians) 18:22 istaccusing congress vice-president rahul gandhi of insulting the most popular mandate by terming the bjp-led nda government as anti-people, the bjp on sunday said the congress leader uttered a white lie while addressing a rally at ramlia maidan here.
addressing a press conference after the congress's kissan-khet majdoor rally, bjp senior leader and union minister ravishankarprasad prasad said: rahul gandhi needs to understand that india is no monarchy and the popular choice is the bjp.
responding to gandhi's charges against the central government allegedly making changes in the land acquisition act of 2013, the bjp leader asked why is rahul gandhi stating a white lie by saying that amendments have been been done to favour industrialists.
the amendments have been done to favour the farmers, he said adding that rahul gandhi spoke a lot about the gujarat model but we want to ask sonia and rahul as to what is the vadra model of development and land acquisition.
don't you need land for canals and for indira awas yojna.
.
.
and if the upa's land act was perfect, why was it being opposed by their own chief ministers, prasad asked.
why had congress chief ministers opposed their own land act, he asked, adding that the prime minister had made clear that first government land would be acquired.
why such a lie, he wondered.
rahul gandhi should apologise for insulting the most popular mandate.
we condemn this brazen contempt against the popular mandate, said the bjp leader.
on gandhi's remark that modi, while in canada, had insulted the country by saying that he was clearing the mess of the past fifty years, prasad said: did the 2g scam, coal scam not happen during the congress regime?
prasad also took a dig at rahul gandhi's going on leave, saying that someone (modi) goes abroad to raise the prestige of the country while others (rahul) to contemplate.
never sought debate on 'secular', 'socialist' words: prasadnew delhi, feb 24, 2015 (pti) 16:03 istunion minister ravishankarprasad prasad today denied in lok sabha that he had ever sought a debate on the words 'secular' and 'socialist' in the constitution's preamble, an issue which had triggered a controversy.
raising the issue as a matter of personal clarification, he asked congress leader jyotiraditya scindia, who had raised the issue, to withdraw his statement.
the chief whip of congress had said in the lower house on february 24 that prasad had called for a debate on the words 'secular' and 'socialist', which were included in the constitution by then prime minister indira gandhi.
he had said such a statement from a minister was condemnable.
what i had said in the press conference was that the congress should debate whether jawaharlal nehru was secular or not as he and leaders like maulana azad and sardar patel did not include the word 'secular' in the constitution, prasad said.
he said he was not seeking an apology from scindia but he must take back his words and the media had mostly reported the matter.
opposition had raised a hue and cry over the issue, while the government had ruled out any proposal to remove the two words.
raising the issue during zero hour on february 24, scindia had said, ravishankarprasad prasad (minister) recently sought a debate on the preamble.
shiv sena also supported him.
supreme court had said several times that these (words) are an inviolable part of the constitution.
he had also said that this, coupled with events like 'ghar wapsi' showed the true face of the modi government.
ghaziabad/lucknow, feb 5, 2017 (pti) 20:19 istthe centre is likely to take a major step to ban triple talaq after the ongoing assembly polls, union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad has said and dared samajwadi party, congress and bsp to make their stand clear on the contentious issue.
insisting that the issue is not related to religion but involves respect and dignity of women, he said the government respects faith but worship and social evil cannot co-exist.
he said the tradition of triple talaq denies respect for women and the central government is committed to end the evil social practice.
the government may take a major step to ban triple talaq after the up assembly polls, he said while addressing a press conference in ghaziabad last evening.
the assembly polls being held in up and four other states will conclude on march 11.
asserting that every pernicious practice cannot be part of a religion, the minister, who is a lawyer himself, said the centre would raise the issue in the supreme court on three points -- justice, equality and dignity of women.
we are the only party which respects women.
neither do other parties offer a good place to women nor do they respect them, said prasad, a senior bjp leader.
the government respects faith but worship and social evil cannot co-exist, he said.
addressing a press conference in lucknow today, the union minister said, i want akhilesh yadav, rahul gandhi and mayawati to clarify their stand on the issue of triple talaq.
our (bjp's) stand is very clear.
the issue is not related to religion but involves respect and dignity of women.
attacking bsp, he said it should rise above caste politics and respect women.
referring to the sp-congress coalition in uttar pradesh, he said, this is an alliance of desperation between two dynastic parties.
.
.
alliance of desperation between crime, criminals and corruption.
ridiculing the pre-poll tie-up, he claimed the confluence of ganga and yamuna will end up with one party merging with the other after the polls.
which party will merge with which party will be seen after the polls.
this is nothing but a theatre of the absurd, the bjp leader said.
he also touched upon the salient features of bjp's manifesto and the union budget and explained how it would help the poor.
yesterday, while speaking to mediapersons in ghaziabad, prasad had alleged that samajwadi party and congress have entered an alliance as both parties indulge in corruption, crime and loot.
both parties are opportunist and have tied-up with each other just to stop the landslide victory of bjp, he claimed.
not a single big industry was established in uttar pradesh during the tenure of akhilesh yadav-led sp government, the bjp leader alleged, adding the funds sanctioned by the centre for the development of the state has not just due to the feud within the yadav family.
grand alliance heads to victory in late surgepatna, nov 8, 2015, (ians): 12:01 istthe grand alliance on sunday celebrated all across bihar as its candidates forged ahead in more than half of the 243 seats, stunning the bharatiya janata party (bjp).
two-and-a-half hours into the vote count, trends from counting centres showed the jd-u camp was ahead in 135 seats - 13 more than the 122 needed to secure a majority in the assembly - while the bjp alliance was on the front in 92 seats.
smaller parties, including the bsp and mim, were on the winning track in nine constituencies.
chief minister nitish kumar's janata dal-united (jd-u) leaders claimed victory and said the jd-u and its two allies - the rjd and congress - were confident of forming the government.
jd-u leader sharad yadav said the grand alliance would win about 150 seats.
it was a very tough fight, it was a straight fight.
jd-u's pavan verma added: the grand alliance has moved towards victory.
it is a defeat for (prime minister narendra) modi and (bjp president) amit shah.
we will form a government with a clear majority.
it was one of the most bitterly contested assembly election in recent times, with modi personally taking charge of the bjp combine's campaign, pitting himself against chief minister and jd-u leader nitish kumar and rjd leader lalu prasad.
when the final results are declared, it would be the bjp's second straight defeat in assembly elections since it was routed by the aam aadmi party in delhi in february.
early celebrations in the bjp office in new delhi and patna gave way to gloom as it became clear that the initial leads its candidates took proved to be a mirage, with the grand alliance members clawing back in the vote count.
i congratulate the people of bihar for voting for development.
the credit goes to modi's and (bjp president) amit shah's leadership, bjp spokesman kailash vijayvargiya told the media earlier.
union minister ravishankarprasad prasad too said earlier: we will win with very conclusive majority.
people of bihar need change.
bjp leaders ordered a huge quantity of sweets, saying they were sure of a victory.
in no time, the atmosphere became sombre in the bjp office here.
bjp candidates were leading in 74 seats, former chief minister jitan ram manjhi's hindustani awam morcha (ham) in four, the lok janshakti party (ljp) of ramvilas paswan in nine and the rashtriya lok sama party (rlsp) in five seats each.
in the grand alliance, the jd-u was ahead in 64 seats, the rjd in 55 and the congress in 12 seats.
the rjd and the jd-u fielded 101 candidates each and the congress 41.
the bjp contested 160 seats and its allies the ljp 40, the rlsp 23 and the ham 20 seats.
the bitterly contested five-phase electoral battle began on october 12 and ended on november 5.
govt drops upa attempt to challenge fiat on vodafoneannapurna singh, new delhi, jan 29, 2015, dhns: 2:13 istinvestor friendly: teleco to get tax relief of rs 3,200 crin a clear signal to global investors that india has moved to a fair and transparent tax regime, the government on wednesday revoked the former united progressive alliance (upa) governments decision to challenge in the supreme court a bombay high court ruling in favour of vodafone.
the decision not only gave the worlds second largest telecom firm a relief of rs 3,200 crore in a tax dispute case with the government, but also sought to harbour hopes among 20 such multi-national companies facing similar disputes in india.
the cabinet decision came just two days after prime minister narendra modi in the presence of us president barack obama assured the world investment community that india was moving fast on removing all ambiguities in its tax regime.
this fruitless litigation could have been avoided by the previous government.
we are only correcting the legacies of the past, telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad told reporters after the cabinet meeting.
in a 2010 case, the income tax (i-t) department had asked vodafone to pay additional tax of rs 3,200 crore stating that the telecom firm had undervalued its shares in its pune bpo, vodafone india services, while transferring them to the parent company in britain.
the tax authorities later issued a show cause notice against the company in january 2014 and passed an order asking it to pay the tax.
vodafone then moved the bombay high court against the i-t department decision.
the court said in its order in october 2014 that the uk-based telecom firm was not liable to pay income tax demanded in the case relating to transfer pricing.
vodafone, the largest corporate investor in india, is facing several other tax disputes in the country.
investors confidence has been shaken in the past because of the very fluctuating tax policy.
the government wants to convey a clear message to investors world over that this is a government where the decisions will be fair, transparent and within the four corners of the law, the telecom minister said.
reacting to the decision, vodafones counsel said: the governments change of heart is a good massage to global investors.
but he maintained that the people were actually waiting to see a change on the ground and a change in the mind set of the tax department.
after talking to hundreds of ceos at the india-us business summit two days ago, finance minister arun jaitley had said that he and the prime minister took pains to explain it to investors that india was seriously working on a investor-friendly tax administration.
rs 1.
09 lakh crore in govt coffersnew delhi, march 26, 2015, dhns: 2:12 istthe countrys biggest telecom spectrum auction ended on wednesday with the government garnering rs 1.
09 lakh crore amidst fears that mobile tariff could go up due to the high price paid for radio waves by telecom firms.
after 115 rounds of aggressive bidding spreading over 19 days, the government to garner rs 1,09,874 crore from operators, which is highest from the previous held auction in 2010 where the government earned rs 1.
06 lakh crore, telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad said.
the names of the winners will be announced only after the supreme court gives its nod due to pending petitions.
the court will hear the case on march 26.
sale of airwaves in four bands got bids worth rs 1,09,874 crore even as 11 per cent spectrum went unsold.
at the base price, the value of spectrum in the auction was worth about rs 82,395 crore.
however, the fierce bidding is likely to lead to rise in mobile call, sms and data charges as operators may pass on the cost of spectrum to consumers.
with the costly spectrum financial and cost structure of industry has been completely altered.
consequently tariff will have to be increased to meet commitment to government, industry body coai (cellular operators association of india) director general rajan s mathews said.
former secretary general of industry body auspi, (association of unified telecom service providers of india) s c khanna, said, all big companies are debt-ridden.
if price of spectrum has gone up, which is the raw material for operators, the only choice they have is to marginally hike tariffs.
a total of 380.
75 mhz of spectrum was put on sale in the premium 900 mhz band, 1,800 mhz and 800 mhz, while 5 mhz was up for bidding in the 2,100 mhz band, used for 3g mobile services, across 17 out of 22 telecom.
depending on the band, carriers will have to pay as much as 33 per cent of their final bid within 10 days of the auction's conclusion and the rest in 10 annual installments starting in 2017.
the permits will be valid for 20 years.
total eight firms have participated in the bidding.
while idea, airtel, vodafone and reliance communications participated in the auction mainly to defend their existing spectrum holding, reliance jio, tata teleservices, telewings (uninor) and aircel took part to buy additional spectrum.
flipkart pulls out of airtel zero deal to support net neutralitynew delhi, apr 14, 2015, (pti) 15:18 istswitching sides to support 'net neutrality', e-commerce major flipkart today decided to walk away from its proposed tie-up with airtel that has been at the centre of a raging debate over a need to maintain equal internet access for all.
we will be walking away from the ongoing discussions with airtel for their platform airtel zero, flipkart said.
net neutrality implies equal treatment to all internet traffic and any priority given to an application or company on payment basis is seen as violating the concept.
launched last week, airtel zero is an open-marketing platform that allows customers to access certain mobile applications for free with charges being borne by app makers.
airtel zero, as also similar services launched by reliance communications and facebook, among others, have come under attack with critics terming them as attempts to restrict 'free' internet access to select platforms and against the 'net neutrality' regime.
a government-appointed panel is looking into these concerns and is likely to submit its report next month, while the matter is being separately studied by telecom regulatory authority of india (trai), which has already got submissions from over one lakh netizens in support of net neutrality in india.
free internet advocates and start-ups see the move as a violation of net neutrality and one that could even lead to monopolisation by a few and squeezing out of small companies.
flipkart co-founder sachin bansal, who earlier defended 'airtel zero' and had criticised the opposition to it in the name of 'net neutrality', said today, we have always unequivocally supported net neutrality and will continue to do so.
we did look into the zero rating concept and on one hand we felt that being able to make free internet available could be useful but after looking in deeper we realised that net neutrality can get compromised in the future which we are not supportive of it at all.
he had earlier tweeted in defence of airtel zero, saying when foreign companies do it in india - innovation.
indians do it - violation.
#netneutralitydiscrimination?
this resulted in flipkart drawing a lot of flak online with many users even deleting the app from their phones to show support for net neutrality.
we think that equal access to internet and equal treatment of all services on the internet is important for healthy growth of internet and internet-based services in the country, bansal said.
flipkart has always taken a consumer first stance whenever we evaluate a choice or make a decision.
we had played our role in growth of internet adoption in the country and will continue to do so over a long period of time, so we are not going to participate in any zero rating programme, he added.
the flipkart spokesperson said there has been a great amount of debate, both internally and externally, on the topic of zero rating over the last few days and we have a deeper understanding of the implications.
we will be committing ourselves to the larger cause of net neutrality in india.
we will be internally discussing over the next few days, the details of actions we will take to support the cause, the spokesperson added.
queries sent to airtel remained unanswered.
telecom regulator trai is already looking into the issue, while airtel has justified its move saying the initiative would be a 'win-win' for customers and marketers alike.
trai has put the issue for public feedback with the last date for submitting comments being april 24 and counter comments may 8, while the watchdog is being bombarded with mails backing net neutrality.
besides, telecom ministry has also set up a expert panel to look into the issue.
non discriminatory net availability is what we need to strive for.
.
.
the committee should submit its report within a month to help the government make an informed decision, telecom and it minister ravishankarprasad prasad had said.
besides, anti-trust watchdog cci might also launch a probe into schemes launched by some telecom operators, including airtel, reliance communications and uninor, that claim to provide 'free' access to certain internet applications.
reflecting the large interest generated among people by the debate, the hashtag 'savetheinternet' has been trending on micro blogging site twitter over the last few day.
over one lakh netizens have already written to telecom regulator trai in support of net neutrality in the country.
social networks like twitter and facebook have been buzzing with people campaigning that policy makers should not allow telecom companies to charge extra fees for internet services or provide preferential access to certain apps.
the campaign has also drawn support from different sections, including politicians and actors.
delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal tweeted: aap committed to neutral internet.
india must debate #netneutrality.
i support #saveinternet campaign.
after a video by comedy group aib (explaining why net neutrality is essential for india) went viral on social networks, actors like shah rukh khan and kunal khemu, music composer vishal dadlani and congress leader digvijay singh have also extended their support through tweets.
the nine-minute video urges people to sign up against allowing telecom operators/internet service providers to choose the type, quantity or pricing of content for consumers.
leading the voices of bollywood, actor-director farhan akhtar has called for a campaign to 'save the internet'.
parliament logjam: no truce even on third daynew delhi, july 23, 2015, dhns: 1:20 istall-party meet cancelled after cong gives the slipthe governments attempt to broker a truce with the opposition failed on thursday after the congress party skipped an all-party informal meeting.
upset with the move, the government appears to be hardening its stand on backing external affairs minister sushma swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje over the lalitgate issue.
let them (congress) be exhausted since there is no chance of accepting their demand of resignation first and debate later, a senior minister said.
government sources said junior parliamentary affairs minister mukhtar abbas naqvi and rajiv pratap rudy had reached out to all parties for an informal meet at around 12:30 pm on thursday to break the logjam in parliament.
bjp sources said after initially agreeing to the plan, congress floor managers backed out leaving little meaning for having the meeting intended to take feedback from all parties.
the meeting was subsequently called off.
in a business advisory committee of lok sabha meeting held on wednesday, congress mp jyotiraditya scindia had said that none from the government had approached his party for breaking the ice in both the houses, giving a food for thought for parliamentary affairs ministry to initiate the first step.
continuing from the day before, the bjp repackaged its ammunition with more details to target himachal chief minister virbhadra singh for alleged tax evasion in the new series of scam versus scam between the ruling party and congress.
on wednesday, the bjp released a video sting to hit out at uttarakhand chief minister harish rawat over his aide purportedly demanding bribe to give liquor contracts to private vendors.
in another attack on the congress, telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad in a press conference charged that himachal pradesh chief minister virbhadra singh had siphoned off crores of rupees as unsecured loan by reviving an energy project.
raising a clear question, prasad sought an explanation from congress vice-president rahul gandhi whether  giving extension to a cancelled project of venture energy & technology private limited doesnt amount to quid pro quo?
new delhi, july 18, 2015, dhns: 0:21 isttelecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad on friday said the government is yet to take a final view on net neutrality and a structured decision will be taken only after looking into the views of all stakeholders.
the union ministers remarks came amid a row over the department of telecoms (dot) report on net neutrality suggesting a 'regulatory framework' for internet calls.
the report was released on thursday.
the net neutrality report has come and i want to make this clear that it is not the report of the government.
it is the report of the department of telecom, prasad told mediapersons here.
he said the report was prepared by a panel of officers which he himself had formed to study the entire gamut of net neutrality.
he said the report will be sent to the telecom regulatory authority of india (trai).
after the trai report, we will take a structured view.
thereafter, the cabinet will take a final decision, the minister said.
the congress criticised the dot report as anti-consumer.
the dot panel has failed to meet two main issues and was leaning towards the lobby of telecom companies, party spokesman salman khurshid told reporters.
panel report on net neutrality to be made public in few daysnew delhi, june 2, 2015 (pti) 18:01 isttelecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
pti file photo.
the telecom department panel that was set up to look into the net neutrality issue has submitted its report to telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad and the report will be made public in a few days.
yes, they (the panel) have submitted the report to me.
in few days time, the report will be put on the website, you can see and access it.
i have asked the secretary to send a copy to trai, so that they can also have a look at it, prasad said at the press meet marking a year of the modi government.
net neutrality implies equal treatment be accorded to all internet traffic and no priority should be given to any person or entity or company based on payment, which is seen as discriminatory.
the decision (on net neutrality) will be taken by the government and the cabinet.
the government will have the benefit of both the reports namely of my department and trai.
i would expect that report to be expedited, he said.
apart from the six-member committee appointed in january this year by dot, sectoral regulator trai had also invited comments from stakeholders on issues like net neutrality and regulation of ott services like whatsaapp and skype.
net neutrality, a widely debated issue globally, has in the past few weeks caught india's attention with politicians, corporate leaders and film stars taking to social media sites such as twitter and facebook to debate on the issue.
net neutrality gained national attention after internet activists and experts flagged telecom giant bharti airtel's 'airtel zero' platform to be in violation of the principle.
airtel zero is an open marketing platform that allows customers to access a variety of mobile applications for free, with the data charges being paid by start-ups and large firms.
also over the last few months, operators like reliance communications and uninor have tied up with players like facebook, whatsapp and wikipedia to offer free usage to consumers.
new delhi, nov 8, 2012, dhns; 0:10 istfirm on summoning pmhowever, their demand was rejected by panel chief p c chacko, which also received support of cpm members.
a decision on calling finance minister p chidambaram as a witness will be taken at a special meeting later.
sources said the same meeting will also decide on summoning other former finance ministers yashwant sinha and jaswant singh, both members of jpc, as witnesses.
as soon as the proceedings began on thursday, bjp members led by yashwant sinha and ravishankarprasad prasad reiterated their demand to call singh and chidambaram against the backdrop of the deposition by former cabinet secretary k m chandrasekhar, sources said.
chandrasekhar had earlier told the committee that he had written to the prime minister suggesting an increase in the license fee for 2g spectrum so that the government could earn an additional rs 35,000 crore.
the bjp members said they wanted to ask some questions to the prime minister.
they may send a questionnaire to singh instead of insisting on calling him in the next meeting.
at one point of time, the meeting witnessed heated arguments between congress member pravin rashtrapal and the bjp members, when the former demanded that atal bihari vajpayee should also be summoned before the committee.
the bjp members said they were not against calling any body if the prime minister and the finance minister are summoned.
cpm's sitaram yechury has demanded calling the finance minister to understand why the finance ministry decided to support the department of telecoms move to allocate radio waves on first-come-first-served basis.
it is learnt that some members like dmk's t siva also demanded that former telecom minister a raja be called as a witness.
cong wants modi to check aggressive ministersnew delhi, dec 30, 2015, dhns 0:56 istthe congress wants prime minister narendra modi to control his aggressive ministers if he wants parliament to transact any serious legislative business during the budget session, expected to begin late february.
congress leaders were particularly irked at the conduct of senior ministers m venkaiah naidu, ravishankarprasad prasad, rajiv pratap rudy, piyush goyal and arun jaitley.
repeated disruptions by the congress in the rajya sabha have led to stalling of legislative business, which has delayed key economic reforms such as the goods and services tax bill and real estate regulator bill.
the rajya sabha passed three bills on the last day of the winter session without discussion.
a senior congress leader said a few ministers have the habit of provoking opposition leaders which proved to be a trigger for disruptions.
new delhi, mar 11, 2017 (pti) 11:44 istbjp leaders today credited 'modi wave' for the party's stong showing in the high stakes uttar pradesh elections.
on the next chief minister in the state, they said the decision will be taken by the bjp parliamentary board and the legislature party in the state soon.
the results of the elections, which were fought under party chief amit shah, show that the bjp has been able to dispel the perception of being a party of upper castes only as now it commands the support of all sections of the society, including dalits, they said.
it is a modi wave.
the wave which started with 2014 lok sabha elections is continuing in 2017 and the momentum will go beyond the 2019 general elections, bjp uttar pradesh chief keshav prasad maurya said.
the credit goes to prime minister modi, his government's pro-poor policies and party chief amit shah's strategy.
people have fought the elections on our behalf in uttar pradesh and uttarakhand and results have vindicated their faith in us, party general secretary kailash vijaywargia said.
another bjp general secretary o p mathur, who is in- charge of party affairs in uttar pradesh, said the state has become modi-fied and so has the country.
law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said good governance and good delivery of promises has led to a bjp win.
the poor have given a decisive verdict that modi is our leader and is working for our welfare.
.
.
women, youth and even minorities have voted for us, he said.
union minister jitendra singh hailed modi, attributing the results in uttar pradesh particularly to credibility the prime minister enjoys across india.
the minister in the prime minister's office said the party's showing underscored the country is heading towards true democracy.
the most important contribution of modi phenomenon is that it has enabled voters to cast votes for development, going beyond castes, creeds, religions.
it has helped them get rid of feudal mindset, singh said.
another union minister sanjiv balyan said there was division on communal lines in up.
the election was fought on issues such as law and order, development.
the new generation understood the importance of bringing in the bjp, he said.
bjp mp from gorakhpur adityanath said the sp-congress alliance and the bsp have been totally rejected by the people in up.
people want development without bias.
they want security which the bjp can only provide, he said.
ringing bells says phone will get bisfebruary 23, 2016, bengaluru, dhns 1:35 istamidst controversy surrounding on cheapest smartphone priced at rs 251 by ringing bells, the company on monday promised that it will apply for bureau of indian standard (bis) before selling the device.
top executives of the noida-based firm, including its founder mohit kumar goel, met top telecom officials and explained about the firm and its telecom related activities.
sources said executives explained that the firm will apply for bis soon and it will start delivering the phone only after a bis approval.
the executives are learnt to have explained that they have raised rs 30 crore from 30,000 buyers through online and the money has been kept in separate account.
while promising to fulfil its promise on delivery of a quality phone, the executives said they are going to import semi-built mobile phones from china and same will be sold in the country with modifications.
the company officials met the telecom officials after telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad sought a report about the credentials of the firm.
soon after ringing bells announced its cheap handset, the indian cellular association (ica) had raised concerns and urged thegovernment to launch a probe.
ajith athrady, new delhi, dh news service, may 23 2017, 16:01 istapple inc wants to expand its contract manufacturer's facility in bengaluru, said it minister ravishankarprasad prasad on tuesday.
officials in the department of electronics and information technology were in touch with apple and other mobile phone manufacturers for expanding facilities and setting up new plants.
apple inc have expressed their interest in the production in india and we welcome their move.
they are in touch with the department officials, he said.
as the apple aims a bigger share in one of the world's biggest smartphone markets, the company last week started making iphone se at its taiwanese contract manufacturer wistron's plant in bengaluru.
total 72 new mobile manufacturing units have started in india in the last 30 months and created one lakh direct and 3 lakh indirect jobs.
in 2016-17 17.
5 crores hand sets have produced against 6 crore in 2014-15.
september 16, 2013: 22:57 istmodi got a ready teamin a hurried affair, bjp leaders brought narendra modi on stage and declared him their prime ministerial candidate.
though the event did not impact formal hierarchy , it did fetch sea-changes in the power leaders have been wielding for years.
apart from this, stance adopted by senior most leader lk advani had also traumatizing effect.
any one could see the effect on the faces around.
however, amidst fast moving happenings, there was a group which immediately got adjusted to the new situation.
the group mainly comprised spokespersons renewed its position without any difficulty.
ravi shankar prasad, shahnawaz hussein , prakash javdekar, rajeev pratap rudy, meenaxi lekhi and others one by one garlanded the new leader, congratulated him and expressed their loyalty through their gestures.
as a mark of renewal of their assignment, they also exchanged greetings with media-persons.
most of them have been doing so since long.
not so long ago, they did the same when nitin gadkari came from nagpur and took over.
again, they got renewed theirassignments when rajnath singh grabbed the chair.
now, it was modi.
after all, they are the people who would defend the pm candidate on tv screens and the pages of newspapers!
they had started performing their job since then when the party was yet to decide, said a seasoned journalist.
anil sinha, new delhiterror modulea day after the co-founder of the indian mujahideen (im) yasin bhatkal reportedly told his interrogators that fasih mehmood, who was deported from saudi arabia on the charges of terrorism and links with im, had no role in delhis jama masjid blasts, the nia team flew down to bihars darbhanga district along with bhatkal in a special bsf aircraft to hunt out his other terror modules.
the nia team, led by ig sanjiv singh, visited laheriasarai where bhatkal recruited his first batch of darbhanga module in 2009-10.
the four-member investigation team later went to chakjamal, a village in darbhanga, where bhatkal was known as dr imran and stayed in a rented house in 2010-11.
this was the place where bhatkal used to practise the unani system of medicine.
the nia team showed photographs of bhatkal to the local people who are believed to have recognised him by face.
they told the nia that it was the same person who lived there under the guise of a doctor.
the nia team also took bhatkal to danish ansaris house.
danish, an accused in the chinnaswamy stadium blast case, is said to have given patronage to bhatkal, when the latter was in darbhanga.
after collecting details of the new recruits, who were to serve as im operatives, the nia team left for delhi.
abhay kumar, patnafrom the hospital bedon a day when defence scientists second time tested 5,000 km range agni-5 missile, defence minister a k antony has to congratulate the team from hospital bed.
the 73-year old minister was in army research and referral hospital in the capital where he underwent a prostate surgery in the morning.
he would remain in hospital for the next couple of days to recuperate from the surgery, which officials say, is a minor one.
because of the minister's impending surgery, the defence acquisition council meeting was held on friday (sept 13) to clear purchase of military hardware worth more than rs 10,000 crore including six more c-130j super hercules aircraft for the indian air force and 235 t-90 tanks for the indian army.
the defence minister also met his counterpart from kyrgyzstan maj gen taalaibek omuraliev before his hospital admission.
'separation of power binding on judiciary too'new delhi, march 23, 2017, dhns 1:07 istthe government on wednesday said that separation of power enshrined in the constitution was as binding on the judiciary, the legislature and the executive.
there are certain basic structures of the constitution and separation of powers is also a basic structure.
by separation of power, i mean executive, parliament and the judiciary will do their own functions  parliament to enact, executive to formulate and execute and judiciary to interpret, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said in the lok sabha.
in this light, if the separation of power principle is binding on all, i am sorry to say that it is equally binding on the judiciary, prasad said during the question hour.
the minister made the remark as the lok sabha saw several members expressing displeasure over what they perceived was transgression of the supreme court into the domain of parliament.
asking queries supplementary to his question, bjp mp sanjay jaiswal said that the supreme court was getting into the area of law making, be it in the area of cricket management or in the area of admission to medical colleges.
several mps from the bjp and other parties supported jaiswals remark by thumping the desk, though a part of it was expunged from the record of the proceedings of the house.
prasad referred to the governments bid to set up the national judicial appointments commission, which would have been responsible for appointment and transfer of judges to the higher judiciary.
a bill to amend the constitution to set up the national judicial commission (njac) was passed by parliament in august 2014.
but the supreme court struck down the act in december 2015.
we came with the national judicial commission act with complete consensus.
the supreme court challenged it and they held that it impinges upon the independence of the judiciary.
.
.
but we have accepted the judgement for the sake of judicial efficiency and appointment, said prasad.
new delhi, nov 18, 2014 (pti): 13:21 istwith the objective to raise savings in the country, the government today re-launched kisan vikas patra (kvp), an instrument which will provide trusted option of investment to poor and keep them off ponzi schemes.
in the last 2-3 years, savings rate in country has declined from a record high of 36.
8 per cent to below 30 per cent due to slowdown in the economy.
it is, therefore, necessary to encourage people to save more, finance minister arun jaitley said during the launch of the revamped kvp.
kvp would serve two purposes, he said, adding, one it would help poor gullible investors to channelise their savings towards trusted government scheme instead of some ponzi schemes, where hard earned savings disappears.
secondly, there is an urgent need to raise savings in the country.
.
.
these savings are then used for nation building.
such saving instrument not only earn interest but help in development of the country, he said.
talking about the features of the instrument, the finance minister said this simple product would be a bearer instrument without name of the holder in the first phase.
available in the denomination of rs 1,000, 5,000, 10,000 and 50,000, the amount invested in kvp would be doubled in 100 months.
kvp, that has got no upper ceiling for investment, can be encashed after a lock-in period of 30 months.
initially, the certificates will be sold through post offices, but the same will soon be made available to the investing public through designated branches of nationalised banks, jaitley said.
however, savers would not get any tax benefit for their investment in kvp.
recognising the need to provide easy instruments of savings for people who have not had access to other savings instruments.
.
.
and therefore you have to rely either on keeping the money with them or buying gold, gold silver, finance secretary rajiv mehrishi said.
speaking on the occasion, communications and it minister ravishankarprasad prasad said kvp was a popular instrument for small savings and it had an emotional connect with the people of the country.
for around 100 years, he said, the postal department has been engaged in small savings schemes and there are around 30.
8 lakh account holders currently under it.
postal department is undertaking 7 small saving schemes of government of india and it has an outstanding of around rs 6 lakh crore, he added.
kvp was discontinued in 2011.
the scheme was very popular among the investors and the percentage share of gross collections secured in kvp after its launch in 1988 was in the range of 9-29 per cent against the total collections received under all national savings schemes in the country.
gross collections under the scheme in the year 2010-11 stood at rs 21,631.
16 crore which was 9 per cent of the total gross collections during the year.
new delhi, sep 21, 2015 (pti) 20:06 istunder attack over rss chief's call for a reconsideration of quotas, bjp today distanced itself from its ideological mentor, insisting it was against any such review as it sought to stave off lalu prasad's attemts to rally the backwards around in high-stake bihar polls following mohan bhagwat's remarks.
as the rjd chief attacked prime minister narendra modi, wondering if he will finish reservations at his master bhagwat's bidding, bjp said it respected 100 per cent the reservation rights of scs, sts and other backward castes as it was essential for their social and economic development and empowerment.
it is bjp's firm committment since jan sangh days that reservation is essential for social and economic development and empowerment of scs, sts, backward and extremenly backward castes.
bjp is not in favour of any reconsideration of reservation being extended to these groups, senior party leader ravishankarprasad prasad told a press conference.
bhagwat's pitch for a review of reservation policy has prompted the alliance of nitish kumar and prasad to mount a counter attack on the bjp-led nda, which is trying to dent the grand alliance' strong backward castes support base .
prasad, also union communications minister, said a discussion was welcome on what further can be done for the poor and left over backward communities who have not been able to reap benefits of development, while insisting that bjp was all for the existing benefits to continue.
bjp indeed is very clear and very categorial that there is no need to reconsider reservation nor does bjp support it (such demand), he said.
in an interview to rss mouthpiece organiser, bhagwat had pitched for a review of the reservation policy, contending it has been used for political ends and suggesting setting up of an apolitical committee to examine who needs the facility and for how long.
bjp also fielded its general secretary in charge of bihar bhupender yadav to take on lalu.
yadav said lalu should first answer what benefits the backward castes, in whose name he has practised his politics, got in the 15-year rule of rjd in bihar.
what lalu calls 'mandal raj' is seen as jungle raj by people of bihar and he should tell how many schools and hospitals he had made for these communities, yadav said.
lalu had attacked bjp in a series of tweets earlier in the day.
the so-called tea seller and recently-turned backward (narendra) modi should tell if he will finish reservations at his master (mohan) bhagwat's bidding, he said.
you talk of doing away with reservation, we will increase it in proportion to the population.
if you have drunk your mother's milk (mai ka doodh), then have it scrapped, each would know his strength, he said in another tweet.
bjp, cong target each other over rajasthan civic poll resultsnew delhi, aug 20, 2015 (pti) 18:35 istbjp and congress today targeted each other over rajasthan civic poll results even as prime minister narendra modi thanked people of the state and his party workers for a commendable performance.
a big thank you to people of rajasthan.
congrats to rajasthan bjp workers & leaders on the commendable performance in the civic polls, modi tweeted about the results in which bjp emerged ahead in 60 out of 129 municipal bodies but suffered setback in chief minister vasundhara raje's pocket-borough of dholpur and jhalawar where it was defeated.
congress, which was routed in the lok sabha elections last year, made significant gains attaining or nearing majority in around 40 bodies and was neck and neck with bjp in 17 bodies.
senior bjp leader and union minister ravishankarprasad prasad said the results and trends of rajasthan civic body polls showed how people replied to the congress campaign of last two-three months against raje over lalit modi controversy.
he reminded that bjp had recently won civic body polls in madhya pradesh as well despite the congress campaign against its chief minister shivraj singh chouhan over vyapam scam.
on the other hand, rajasthan congress chief sachin pilot, said, the bjp got only 36 per cent votes and congress is only around two per cent less than it.
overall 64 percent people have voted against the bjp, which shows the mood of the people.
latching on to bjp's loss in raje's constituency, pilot said, congresss won both the municpal council seats in the cm's constituency while it also won both seats in lok sabha mp dushyant singh's constituency.
this reflects the hard work of congress workers.
we have come a long way from our performance during last assembly polls.
pilot accused the bjp government in rajasthan of engaging in open horse trading in civic body polls.
the congress leader felt that his party was hurt because of the state government's last-minute decision through an ordinance to prescribe a minimum qualification of class 10th pass for contesting the civic polls.
despite that we have won so many seats.
this has broken the myth that urban areas are the strongholds of the bjp.
we have won 10 of the 15 municipal councils.
in other areas also we were in neck and neck fight with the bjp, he said.
ruling bjp won three civic bodies with majority of wards in jhalawar district represented by chief minister raje and her son, while congress won majority in two civic bodies.
bjp will form boards in eklera, bhawani mandi, and pidawa with comfortable majority, while congress will form boards in jhalwar and jhalarapatan.
the august 17 election for 129 civic bodies in the state had witnessed a record polling of 76.
19 per cent.
after smart cities, govt to focus on villagesnew delhi: sep 17, 2015, dhns 0:25 istcentre allots rs 5,142 cr for rural developmentafter smart cities, prime minister narendra modis government is now set to develop smart villages.
a meeting of the union cabinet chaired by the prime minister on wednesday approved a project for development of rural growth clusters with latent potentials for growth.
the project has been named after shyama prasad mukherjee, founder of the bharatiya jana sangh, earlier incarnation of the bhrartiya janata party.
the government approved an outlay of rs 5142.
08 crore for the shyama prasad mukherji rurban mission (spmrm), which draws inspiration from a programme initiated in gujarat during modis tenure as chief minister of the state to provide urban amenities in rural areas.
the spmrm is aimed at creating 300 rurban growth clusters across the country over the next three years, said rural development minister birender singh.
the mission will have multiple components to speed up economic activities in the clusters, develop skill and local entrepreneurship and provide infrastructure amenities, he said, briefing journalists about the decision of the union cabinet.
singh was joined by telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad, who told mediapersons that modi government was keen to develop not only smart cities, but also smart villages.
prime minister vowed to build 100 smart cities across india.
the ministry of urban development already short-listed 98 cities, which would be developed as smart cities.
the opposition parties have been criticizing the modi government for focussing only on cities, while ignoring villages.
the spmrm will in fact replace an old scheme called providing urban amenities in rural areas (pura), which was launched by the erstwhile congress-led united progressive alliance government.
the pura was intended to undertake projects like water supply, sanitation, street lighting, tourism and improvement of roads through public-private partnership mode in rural-urban areas across the country.
(the) pura was limited to private sector.
there was no government participation in it.
that is why it failed.
it was planned that the project would be implemented at 13 places.
but it could not take off in four places, while outcome on the nine others were also not good, said singh.
development of rurban clusters will be funded by converging various schemes of the government, while the spmrm will provide an additional funding support of up to 30 percent of the project cost per cluster as critical gap funding.
yeddyurappa meets jaitleylast updated: 18 january, 2011new delhi, jan 18, (pti): 21:00 istkarnataka chief minister b s yeddyurappa today met senior bjp leader arun jaitley here to discuss how to deal with governor h r bhardwaj with whom the state government has had strained ties.
yeddyurappa arrived here this afternoon and discussed in detail the problems he is facing due to bhardwaj's comments and actions.
bhardwaj said earlier in the day today that he has been studying a request by a lawyers forum seeking permission to prosecute yeddyurappa and home minister r ashok in alleged land scams.
the chief minister will meet president pratibha patil on january 24 to complain against the actions of bhardwaj who is working at the behest of congress and jd(s) leader h d kumaraswamy, a close associate of yeddyurappa told pti.
jaitley, an eminent lawyer, advised yeddyurappa on how he could tackle the crisis in the state where the opposition has not allowed the assembly to function and charged the government with corruption in land allotment.
asked about the corruption charges against yeddyurappa, bjp chief spokesperson ravishankarprasad prasad said the land alloted to his sons had been returned and an fir lodged against a minister (katta subramaniam naidu) facing corruption charges had to resign.
the question of change in land use is a larger one.
s m krishna as chief minister of karnataka had changed land use of 300 acres of land, he alleged.
bjp also took on bhardwaj for his reported statement that he may order an inquiry against yeddyurappa on january 20 if the chief minister failed to clear his name.
it is not a surprise if he has said so.
.
.
.
he can go to any extent as governor of a state, prasad said in reply to a question on the issue.
mumbai, jan 10, 2016 (pti) 18:17 istcountering the claim of congress leader manish tewari that news report on the controversial 2012 troop movement was true, union minister ravishankarprasad prasad today said the army had already denied the report when the upa was in power.
the army denied (the media report) in 2012 itself when the upa government was in power, the senior bjp leader told reporters here.
it is an unwritten rule of parliamentary etiquette that you don't disclose what is talked about inside the parliamentary committee, the telecom minister said.
replying to a question at a book release function in new delhi yesterday, tewari had said, at that point of time i used to serve in the standing committee on defence.
and it's unfortunate, but the story was true.
story was correct.
tewari, who was minister of state for information and broadcasting in the upa government between october 2012 and may 2014, said, i am not getting into an argument.
all i am saying is that to the best of my knowledge that story was correct.
when the alleged incident took place, the congress-led upa government was in power and the then army chief v k singh, who denied ordering any illegal troop movement, is now the minister of state for external affairs in the narendra modi government.
according to the report, central intelligence agencies had reported that on the night of january 16, 2012 there was an unexpected - and non-notified - movement by a key military unit from mechanised infantry based in hisar in the direction of the capital.
on the same night, another unit - identified as a large element of the 50th para brigade based at agra - had also been moved towards delhi, according to the newspaper report.
to a query on ram temple at ayodhya, prasad said, it is part of our manifesto.
the matter is in supreme court.
let's await its decision.
there has to be a consensus in the society and matter can be resolved through dialogue, the minister said.
i-t issues fresh summons to misa bharti in benami land dealpress trust of india, new delhi, jun 6 2017, 13:48 istbharti was supposed to appear before the investigating officer (io) of the case today but officials said she failed to keep the date.
file photothe income tax department has issued fresh summons to rjd chief lalu prasad's mp daughter misa bharti in connection with its probe in the rs 1,000 crore alleged benami land deals and tax evasion case.
bharti was supposed to appear before the investigating officer (io) of the case today but officials said she failed to keep the date.
she has now been asked to appear before the io on june 12, officials said.
it is understood that a lawyer representing the rajya sabha mp wanted to depose before the io but the summons required her to appear in person.
bharti's husband shailesh kumar has been summoned in the same case by the department for tomorrow.
the department wants to question the couple to take the probe further in this case, where the taxman had conducted multiple searches last month.
a chartered accountant, rajesh kumar agrawal, allegedly linked to bharti and others was also arrested by the enforcement directorate (ed) on may 22.
agrawal is alleged to have aided in illegal transactions involving lalu's kin.
officials had said that the summonses to bharti and kumar are part of the investigation in the case and their statements will be recorded.
the couple is alleged to have links with a firm-- ms mishail packers and printers private limited-- which is suspected to have entered into benami deals for purchase of a farmhouse in delhi's bijwasan area.
certain other property deals are also under the scanner of the taxman, they had said.
i-t department officials had said they will apply provisions of the newly enacted benami transactions act, 1988, which became operational from november 1 last year, in this case.
the law provides for a maximum punishment of seven years in jail and a fine.
the action under this new law will be over and above the legal proceedings under the income tax act, 1961, which relates to charges of domestic tax evasion.
tax department officials had said lalu's kin held some of the properties under their scanner in a 'benami' way.
benami properties are those in which the real beneficiary is not the one in whose name the property has been purchased.
the rjd chief, however, had sought to put up a brave face after the raids, saying he was not scared at all and will continue to fight against fascist forces.
bjp mein himmat nahi hai ki lalu kiawaz ko daba sake.
.
.
lalu kiawazdabayenge to deshbhar me karoron lalu khare hojayenge.
.
.
main gidarbhabhkise nahi darne walahoon (bjp does not have the courage to stifle my voice.
.
.
if it tries to silence one lalu, crores of lalu will come forward.
i am not scared of empty threats), he had said in a series of tweets after the search operation.
the bjp had also accused prasad, bharti and his two sons tejashwi and tej pratap, both bihar government ministers, of being involved in corrupt land deals worth over rs 1,000 crore, and asked the central government to probe one such transaction in delhi.
union minister ravishankarprasad prasad had alleged that these transactions were a case of quid pro quo, suggesting that money was paid in return for the favour, as they dated back to the period when lalu was the railway minister and dared bihar chief minister nitish kumar to take action against him.
lalu's rjd is a constituent of bihar's ruling coalition led by kumar.
lalu's official residence was the address of the owners of the firms allegedly floated by his family members, ravishankarprasad prasad had said.
21 new faces join team modinew delhi, nov 10, 2014, dhns: 2:49 istrejig: parrikar gets defence, prabhu railways and rajyavardhan rathore i&bprime minister narendra modi on sunday night effected major changes in his council of ministers that saw the induction of 21 new faces, including four cabinet ministers and reshuffle of key portfolios.
among them, former goa chief minister manohar parrikar was given defence portfolio and former shiv sena leader suresh prabhu became the new railway minister in place of d v sadananda gowda who was shifted to law and justice portfolio.
finance minister arun jaitley who was freed of the defence portfolio to focus on the budget and reforms to revive the economy, was also given charge of the information and broadcasting.
prakash javadekar, who was earlier handling the i&b ministry also, will be in charge of only the environment ministry.
the shifting of gowda for prabhu to take charge of the railways was seen as a move to bring greater energy and dynamism into the proposed reforms in the sector for massive infrastructure growth.
gowdas cabinet colleague ravishankarprasad prasad, who was handling law and justice earlier, will now concentrate on telecom sector, which is modi's priority.
till date, prasad was handling the law portfolio, for which jaitley was also consulted often.
another cabinet entrant, birendra singh, ex-general secretary of congress, was entrusted with rural development, which was held as additional charge by transport minister nitin gadkari since the death of gopinath munde in may.
singh was also given charge of water and sanitation.
bjp general secretary j p nadda, who also made it to the cabinet, was given health portfolio, in place of dr harsh vardhan who was given science and technology.
among the new ministers of state (independent charge), rajiv pratap rudy was appointed minister of state (mos) for skill development and entrepreneurship and parliamentary affairs.
the lone minister from telangana, bandaru dattatreya, got the charge of labour and employment while uttar pradeshs bharatiya janata party (bjp) mp mahesh sharma got charge of culture and tourism, besides as mos civil aviation.
another new ministers of state mukhtar abbas naqvi was handed the portfolio of minority affairs as well as parliamentary affairs, while ram kirpal yadav, one-time aide of rashtriya janata dal leader lalu prasad, was appointed mos drinking water and sanitation.
the portfolios of the new ministers were announced late in the night indicating that modi was still fine-tuning the allocation of work for optimum performance of his team.
in what was his first expansion of his government, modi took on board several dalit and backward class leaders to expand social representation in his government, eyeing assembly elections in bihar, west bengal and up in the next one to three years.
however, the sena struck a strong discordant note, refusing the bjp offer of just a minister of state post, taking their ties to the edge of the precipice due to the stalemate over sharing of portfolios in the new government in maharashtra.
a couple of hours before the swearing-in ceremony, sena chief uddhav thackeray recalled party mp anil desai after he had landed in delhi to reach rashtrapati bhavan, stating he was miffed at his being given an mos berth.
the bjp ignored his demand that modi speak to him.
rashtrapati bhavan, in a statement later, said anil desai could not be administered the oath of office and secrecy as he was not available for the purpose.
adding to the strained bjp-sena ties, prabhu, who was power minister in the vajpayee government, joined the bjp on sunday morning to take oath as a cabinet minister.
an upset thackeray announced that his party was even ready to sit in the opposition in maharashtra if the bjp counted on the support of the nationalist congress party to sustain the devendra fadnavis government.
but he stopped short of pulling out anant geete, the lone sena minister in modi's cabinet.
in all, four cabinet ministers, three ministers of state with independent charges were inducted.
fourteen mos were also included.
the strength of modis cabinet, which modi had wanted to be kept in minimum with the focus on maximum governance, increased to 66 on sunday.
significantly, modi showed that he widened his search for fresh ministerial talent, by inducting olympic silver medallist rajyavardhan rathore and bollywood singer babul supriyo, both first time mps.
bjp's vijay sampla, a dalit mp from punjab who began life as a plumber, and ys chowdary of the telugu desam party, whose declared wealth is worth rs 190 crore, were also made ministers of state.
modi also chose jayant sinha, son of former finance minister yashwant sinha .
jayant, who has studied at iit-delhi and at harvard in the us, was made mos for finance.
bihar, which goes to the polls next year, got three new minsters.
apart from rudy, there was ram kirpal yadav, who is key to the bjps plan for wooing yadav votes.
bjp's bhumihar face giriraj singh, who made controversial comments earlier this year, was also made an mos with the charge of medium and small scale industries.
with four new ministers , the number of nominees from up where the bjp won 73 of the 80 lok sabha seats reached 13.
they included modi himself, who represents varanasi, rajnath singh, uma bharti and kalraj mishra.
bihar's representation increased to eight, with the inclusion of three ministers.
it has the second highest representation after uttar pradesh.
the bjp-led national democratic alliance had won 31 of the 40 lok sabha seats in the state.
six ministers were inducted in may from maharashtra, including gopinath munde, nitin gadkari, anant geete (shiv sena), prakash javadekar, piyush goel and rao saheb danve.
munde died in a road accident here in june.
with the induction of suresh prabhu and hansraj ahir, maharashtra's strength in the cabinet went up to seven.
modi did not ignore gujarat whose number went up to five.
he inducted haribhai parthibhai chaudhury and mohanbhai kalyanjibhai kundariya as ministers of state.
taking into account the complaint that rajasthan, which had given 25 mps to the bjp, was not represented adequately, modi chose rajyavardhan singh rathore and sanwar lal jat.
west bengal got a representative with the inclusion of babul supriyo into the ministry.
mr clean:manoharparrikar (59)his was not a surprise choice as his name had surfaced when narendra modi took charge on may 26.
one of the first to go public in favour of making modi the prime ministerial candidate, the three-time goa chief minister rose from a rss pracharak to become a union minister.
administrative acumen is his forte and parrikar, an iit-mumbai alumni, is expected to bring in his experience into defence ministry.
modis sherpa:suresh prabhu (61)with prabhus anointment, modi showed he is willing to rub shiv sena the wrong way.
a former sainik, prabhu took bjp membership just before driving to rashtrapati bhavan to take oath.
prabhu was appointed the prime ministers sherpa for g-20 talks and his was the name speculated for the body to replace the planning commission.
a qualified chartered accountant, prabhus efforts to streamline functioning of power ministry during vajpayee regime were appreciated.
he was also chairman of task force for interlinking of rivers and the south asia water conferencethe meticulous:j p nadda (53)known as a tough task master, he was the man who executed bjp chief amit shahs difficult assignments.
nadda is known to be part of all major decision making processes in the bjp.
he enjoys support from rss and has good equations with all prominent bjp leaders.
he takes personality development and time management workshops for the party workers.
the turncoat:ch birender singh (68)the congress denied him chief ministership in haryana and a seat in manmohan singhs cabinet.
he left the congress after four decades of association with it, and now finds a place in modis team as he is a prominent jat leader in the state.
the bjp believes that singhs entry into the saffron party will bring jats closerto it.
the old timer : bandaru dattatreya (67)the four-time mp is known for his simplicity, soft-spokenness and down-to-earth nature.
he is the first union minister from the newly-created state of telangana.
a science graduate, he joined the rss in 1965 and was a pracharak from 1968 to 1989.
he also has previous experience in the erstwhile atal bihari vajpayee government.
the pilot: rajiv pratap rudy (52)a commercial pilot, rudy humbled rashtriya janata dal chief lalu prasads wife rabri devi in bihars saran.
he played a key role in the partys victory in the politically crucial state of maharashtra.
his induction into the cabinet also shows the bjps focus on bihar ahead of next years assembly elections.
he has a formidable reputation as a party organiser.
the doctor: dr mahesh sharma (55)sharma, an mp from gautam budh nagar, owns the kailash hospital in noida, a satellite township of delhi.
a staunch rss follower since childhood, he was actively associated with abvp during his student days.
the minority face: mukhtar abbas naqvi (57)naqvi finds a place in modi's team but not in the senior league.
a defender of the party, he has to satisfy himself with mos status.
he is one of the vice presidents of bjp.
he explains party's stand on minorities, especially muslims.
he was among others involved in organising logistics for bjp in lok sabha polls.
congress-baiter: haribhai parthibhai chaudhari (60)the man who stormed the traditional congress bastion of banaskantha, haribhai parthibhai chaudhari maintained a stronghold over it, winning four times.
an active rss member, chaudhari is a commerce post-graduate degree holder who worked as a diamond trader.
in parliament, he was a member of several panels, including the standing committees on finance, chemicals and fertilizer, agriculture and commerce.
the motormouth: giriraj singh (62)a modi loyalist, he kicked up a storm when he said in april, those opposing narendra modi are looking at pakistan, and such people will have place in pakistan and not in india.
he has found a berth as a representative of bhumihars, who backed bjp in bihar.
he has special interest in agricultural practices and animal husbandry.
the whistleblower: hansraj gangaram ahir (59)the four-time bjp mp from chandrapur, maharashtra, is better known as one of the whistleblowers in the multi-crore coal block allocation scam.
he pressed for a central vigilance commission probe into the scam, leading to investigation by the cbi.
ahir has had 24 private bills out of the total 288 in the 15th lok sabha.
hailed by 14th lok sabha speaker somnath chatterjee as a role model for mps, he won the sansad ratna award for the best parliamentarian in the 15th lok sabha for being meticulous and systematic in parliamentary duties.
the sophisticated: jayant sinha (51)alumni of iit-delhi and harvard business school, he is the son of yashwant sinha.
an investment fund manager and management consultant so far, he was elected to lok sabha from hazaribagh, a seat once represented by his father.
an avid tennis player, he is expected to assist arun jaitley in finance ministry.
the shooter: rajyavardhan singh rathore (44)rathore, who won olympics silver medal in 2004, hit the political road in 2013 and he hit the bulls eye with an emphatic victory in lok sabha polls after taking voluntary retirement from the army as a colonel.
he served army for 23 years.
i must not back out when the nation is faced with a different kind of threat, he had said about his entry into politics.
the singer: babul supriyo (44)supriyo, the singing sensation, celebrated his entry into modis team savouring a cup of tea and a cream roll from a roadside tea stall.
the singer, who rendered hit songs pari hai ek pari.
.
.
, chanda chamke.
.
.
and dil ne dil ko pukara, is one of the two bjp mps from west bengal, where bjp hopes to do better next time.
supriyo also pipped senior bjp leader s s alhuwalia to enter the council of ministers.
the plumber: vijay sampla (53)sampla, a dalit, was once a plumber in gulf and now he has scaled new heights.
he may be bjp's trump card to woo scheduled castes when punjab goes to assembly polls in 2017.
sampla began his political journey after being elected sarpanch of his village and has also held several important positions in the state bjp unit including having been its vice president.
the writer: prof (dr) ram shankar katheria (50)a phd holder and a writer with books on social issues and dalit upliftment, among others, prof (dr) ram shankar katherias inclusion into the union cabinet is expected to help the party in up and punjab.
a second-time mp, dr katheria of the up is in charge of party affairs in punjab.
in his first term, he was a member of several committees like the committee on urban development, committee on papers laid on the table, committee on petitions and also the consultative committee on rural development.
the preacher: sadhvi niranjan jyoti (47)a religious preacher, sadhvi niranjan jyoti helped bjp make inroads among the dalit and backward classes in the politically-crucial state of uttar pradesh.
she contested and won from the fatehpur seat in up and her candidature is widely acknowledged to have got the bjp the support of the kashyap and nishad communities.
new delhi, dh news service, may 7 2017, 1:44 istrjd chief lalu prasad yadav took orders from jailed don mohammad shahabuddin during a communal riot, claimed an audio tape released by a television news channel on saturday.
lapping up the expose, union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad asked bihar chief minister nitish kumar to break his eloquent silence and take action against his ally lalu for indulging in the worst form of criminal-political nexus in the country.
prasad said the rjd patriarch broke the law by shamelessly interacting with a man convicted for murder and facing charges in over 30 heinous crimes.
nitish kumarji, a crime has been committed.
are you going to launch criminal proceedings against your ally lalu prasad?
prasad said at a press conference here.
in the tape, the siwan leader, presently lodged in tihar jail, is heard complaining about the local superintendent of police to lalu, asking him to take action against the officer.
lalu was also heard giving directions to an aide to connect him to the sp, prasad told reporters.
govt to frame rules to secure digital walletsajith athrady, new delhi: feb 11, 2017, dhns 2:25 istwith more and more people switching to digital payments post demonetisation, the government is planning to frame new rules to strengthen cyber security of mobile wallets and prepaid instruments.
keeping consumer interest and cyber safety in mind, the new rules will be framed under the information technology (it) act, it minister ravishankarprasad prasad said.
the proposed new rules by the it department will not overlap with those that are already brought out by the reserve bank of india, the minister said.
the government has already prepared draft rules which will be put out on public domain seeking comments.
rules will be framed after gathering views from all the stakeholders, he said.
digital transactions in the country increased to three crore per day in 2016 from 1.
85 crore per day in 2015.
the government is also setting up computer emergency response team for the financial sector (cert-fin), which will work closely with all financial sector regulators and stakeholders.
the cert-fin will work under cert-in, nodal agency in the department of it that deals with cyber security threats like hacking and phishing, the minister said.
aadhaar pay, a merchant version of aadhaar enabled payment system, will also be launched shortly.
this will specifically be beneficial for those who do not have debit cards, mobile wallets and mobile phones.
a mission will be set up with a target of 2,500 crore digital transactions for 2017-18 through aadhaar pay, ussid and upi and debit cards.
banks have targeted to introduce additional 10 lakh new pos (point of sale) terminals by march 2017.
they will be encouraged to introduce 20 lakh aadhaar based pos by september 2017, he said.
modi, sadananda in team rajnathnew delhi, mar 31, 2013 dhns 8:25 istamit shah in; jaswant, yashwant outthe bharatiya janata party (bjp) on sunday inducted narendra modi into the central parliamentary board, the partys highest decision-making body.
it indicates that the gujarat chief minister is set to play a big role in party affairs in the run-up to lok sabha elections.
modi will fill the vacancy created by the death of bjp ideologue bal apte in july last year.
the gujarat chief minister was also made a member of the central election committee that will set the bjps strategy for the upcoming state assembly elections.
with an eye on the karnataka assembly elections, former chief minister d v sadananda gowda was appointed vice-president, while govind karjol and prabhakar kore were inducted into the 80-member national executive committee.
gowda was a permanent invitee to the national executive during his tenure as the chief minister.
gowda is an arch rival of b s yeddyurappa, who went on to float the karnataka janata paksha (kjp) in november last year following differences with party leaders.
modis induction into the parliamentary board was learnt to be orchestrated by party president rajnath singh.
interestingly, singh played a key role in removing modi from the board about six years ago.
bjp veteran l k advani wanted madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan in the partys highest decision-making body.
chouhan eventually made it to the list of permanent invitee chief ministers in the national executive.
modi was the only bjp leader inducted into the board headed by rajnath singh.
a b vajpayee, advani, murli manohar joshi, m venkaiah naidu, nitin gadkari, sushma swaraj, arun jaitley, ananth kumar, thawar chand gehlot and ram lal were the other members.
singhs new team includes 12 vice-presidents, 10 general secretaries, 15 secretaries and seven spokespersons.
a five-member central disciplinary committee was also constituted.
modis growing influence within the party was apparent as singhs new team featured former gujarat home minister amit shah, who is facing murder charges in cases of fake encounters.
shah was made the partys general secretary.
rajya sabha member smriti irani, considered to be close to modi, was made vice-president.
the bjp also brought its hindutva face uma bharti back.
she was appointed vice-president.
pilibhit mp varun gandhi was made general secretary since several leaders considered him fit to counter congress vice-president rahul gandhi.
ravi shankar prasad was stripped of his posts of the partys general secretary and chief spokesperson.
he will continue as the partys deputy leader in the rajya sabha.
rajiv pratap rudy was elevated to the post of general secretary.
the bjp presidents political adviser sudanshu trivedi was designated spokesperson.
poonam mahajan, daughter of the late pramod mahajan, was made secretary.
veteran bjp leaders jaswant singh and yashwant sinha did not figure in singhs core team, but were part of the partys national executive committee.
in a party like the bjp, it is more important to be a party worker than hold a post.
i am happy being a party worker and also an mp.
i have a lot of responsibility towards my party and constituency, sinha said.
the congress refused to make any specific comment on the reshuffle, but said the karnataka assembly elections in may would be the first test for the partys new team.
this is the bjps internal matter and i wont comment on it, said congress spokesperson rashid alvi.
congress suspends three in kerala for calf slaughterdh news service, new delhi, may 30 2017, 1:19 istthe action came hours after party vice president rahul gandhi termed the incident 'barbaric' and 'unacceptable'.
pti file photothe congress on monday suspended three youth wing leaders seen in a video killing a calf in kerala to protest against the centres ban on the sale of cattle for slaughter.
the action came hours after party vice president rahul gandhi termed the incident barbaric and unacceptable.
the party realised inaction over the public slaughter of the calf could undermine the nation-wide protests against the modi governments decision last week to ban the sale of cattle for slaughter.
some party leaders were surprised over the delay, as the kerala incident threatens the prospects of the congress in the hindi heartland, where the cow is revered.
such elements have no place in the congress.
the youth congress workers have been suspended, congress chief spokesman randeep singh surjewala told reporters here.
rijil makkutty, kannur district president of the youth congress, and activists josey kandathil and sharafuddin have been suspended from party.
indias ethos and the congress partys culture abjures any kind of violence or barbarism against every living being (including) the cow, which has a special place in the hearts and minds of people of india, surjewala said.
senior leaders such as mukul wasnik and digvijaya singh rushed into damage-control mode as the slaughter attracted widespread condemnation, even from allies like the jd(u).
the bjp hit out at the congress, saying the act was shameful and in many ways provocative.
union minister ravishankarprasad prasad said it was unfortunate that youth congress leaders had publicly slaughtered a calf when the constitution sought to prohibit cow slaughter.
on sunday, rahul condemned the butchering on twitter.
what happened in kerala yesterday is thoughtless, barbaric and completely unacceptable to me and the congress.
i strongly condemn the incident, he said.
i was a target of terrorists: prasadnew delhi, oct 16, 2014 (pti): 21:29 istlaw and telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad today said he was one of the terrorists' targets in the bjp rally in patna which was addressed by narendra modi in which 6 people were killed in a blast in october last year.
i want to share something very sensitive with you.
last year in my own state of bihar, prime minister (narendra modi) then was the chief minister of gujarat and holding a rally.
some terrorist tried to disrupt it, prasad said at a cyber security event organised by the observer research foundation and industry body ficci.
he recalled that a pen drive from a terrorist, who died while handling the bomb, was confiscated by police.
the security division in my department showed it (pen drive) was in encrypted form, they decrypted it.
i was amazed to find how many photographs they have stored which they proposed to target.
including four photographs of mine.
i never knew i was so important, prasad said.
the national investigation agency (nia) filed a charge sheet against 10 people, including alleged activist of banned simi group hyder ali in the matter.
new delhi, july 29, 2015, dhns 0:20 istindia posts will release a series of postal stamps on well-known singers, writers, freedom-fighters and painters and also seek designs of philatelic stamps through crowd sourcing.
the decision was taken by the philatelic advisory committee which met under the chairmanship of communications and it minister ravishankarprasad prasad on monday.
the panel also decided that ceremonial stamps issued so far may be made available in all post offices, and stamps with picture postcards may be released on important tourist destinations, including taj mahal, ajanta and ellora caves, belur math and khajuraho.
the minister suggested inviting designs of philatelic stamps through crowd sourcing, said a statement.
commemorative postage stamp on swach bharat, the theme of clean india, was released by department of posts on january 30 this year.
the design of the stamp was decided through an open competition.
a commemorative postage stamp on womens empowerment will be released on august 15.
its design has been decided by crowd sourcing.
new delhi, aug 9, 2015 (ians) 15:05 istin a bid to address the annoying problem of call drops and optimise usage of scarce spectrum, the state-run bharat sanchar nigam ltd (bsnl) has started talks with five telecom firms for intra-circle roaming, its chairman and managing director anupam shrivastava has said.
shrivastava, however, said nothing concrete had been planned thus far on the issue of sharing and trading of airwaves, also called spectrum, since the government's norms on this subject were still awaited.
regarding intra-circle roaming, we are in touch with five private operators -- bharti airtel, reliance jio, vodafone india, reliance communications and uninor.
while some of them approached us, we approached the others, the chairman told ians in an interview at his office.
some tests are going on with all the five companies.
after this, we will have to enter into some mutual agreement with them.
within a month or two, we should be in a position to get into some kind of agreement, he added.
intra-circle roaming pacts help companies optimise on their allotted radio frequency spectrum by sharing this scarce resource within a telecom circle -- which in the case of india is generally co-terminus with a state, as also some key cities.
for example, while travelling within a circle, the subscriber of one operator can hook on to the network of another service provider depending on whose signal is stonger in that area.
this also helps in better network and infrastructure planning among the telecom operators.
shrivastava said the main beneficiary of such pacts will be the customers.
with intra-circle roaming agreements, since spectrum is shared, the service quality improves.
in addition, it lowers infrastructure costs also.
the network management is better.
in the end, all this benefits the customer, he added.
during the interview, the bsnl chairman also sought to allay apprehensions that the state-run company -- which has the best coverage when it comes to some remote areas of the country -- was seeking such a pact with just a single company.
responding to a letter from the cellular operators' association of india (coai) to communications and it minister ravishankarprasad prasad, as also to the bsnl chief, shrivastava said the worries were misplaced as no private operator was being favoured.
we are made to understand that a commercial offer for icr (intra-circle roaming) is being made to a particular operator and an agreement may be imminent, the letter said.
we request that our member operators should be given equal opportunity to participate and enter into such arrangements with bsnl to conform to the 'equality principle' contained in article 14 of the constitution of india and also to meet the doctrine of 'level playing field'.
a similar concern was expressed over spectrum trading and sharing.
shrivastava said his response will come through the company's administrative ministry.
but at the same time, he denied any move towards exclusive pact with a single operator.
regarding spectrum trading and sharing, the matter is too far fetched, he said.
there are no guidelines on spectrum sharing and trading in india.
the question does not arise.
bsnl bid for spectrum for 3g and broadband wireless access (bwa) services, while for others, the company got airwaves through non-competitive way.
these are in 900 mhz, 1800 mhz and 800 mhz range.
speaking to ians, coai director general rajan s. mathews said the association was yet to receive a response on their concerns from the department of telecom.
bsnl has significant under-utilised spectrum.
we heard they were planning intra-circle roaming pact with some operators, he said.
we just wanted the process to be transparent.
their offer should be open to all our members.
new delhi, mar 5, 2015, (pti) : 22:00 istterming the broadcast of the controversial interview of a delhi gang-rape case convict as an insult of womanhood, union minister ravishankarprasad prasad today said that the country is hurt by the documentary.
prasad, the union minister of communications and information technology, said a criminal who has been awarded death sentence by the court should not have been provided a space on international forum in the name of research.
a criminal who has been awarded death sentence by the court is today being provided a space on international forum in the name of research to justify (that) the rape committed by him is right and to suggest that women should take care of themselves.
.
.
which is an insult of womanhood, prasad said.
the minister also said that the country is hurt by this documentary.
this (telecast of the convict's interview) is like cruel and ugly.
in this case, there was a court order, but as bbc is an international known-organisation, how much is it right to telecast interview, i leave it (bbc) on its discretion.
.
.
but the country is hurt due to bbc, prasad said.
upset over bbc broadcasting the controversial interview, the centre has served a legal notice on the british media giant even as it asked video sharing website youtube to remove the documentary as it is very sensitive.
in the notice, the government told bbc that it has violated the agreement of not using the documentary for commercial purpose and for this the british media giant was liable for legal action.
justice j chelameswar, the senior-most judge of the supreme court, has written a letter to the chief justice of india asking him to convene a meeting of the collegium to urgently forward to the centre the name of uttarakhand chief justice k m joseph as the judge of the apex court.
the government had on april 26 returned the collegium's recommendation to elevate justice joseph seeking its reconsideration, saying the proposal was not in accordance with the top court's parameters and there was an adequate representation of kerala in the higher judiciary from where he hails.
it had also questioned his seniority for elevation as a judge of the apex court.
an apex court official said, in his letter sent to the cji late last evening, justice chelameswar has conveyed that he was reiterating his decision for the elevation of justice joseph as the judge of the top court since there was no change in the circumstance that had led the collegium to recommend his name to the government on january 10.
it is also learnt that justice chelameswar, who retires on june 22, has responded to all the points raised in the communication to the cji by law minister ravishankarprasad prasad expressing reservations on the elevation of justice joseph.
the meeting of the collegium was expected to take place yesterday but justice chelameswar was on leave.
besides the cji and justice chelameswar, other members of the collegium are justices ranjan gogoi, m b lokur and kurian joseph.
justice kurian joseph, during his visit to kerala last week, had also reportedly made it clear that he was in favour of reiterating the recommendation of the collegium on the issue of uttarakhand chief justice joseph.
though no official word was there on when the collegium would meet, the official said it is for the cji to fix the date as there is no other agenda but to discuss the issue of returning the recommendation relating to justice joseph to the centre.
earlier also, notwithstanding the letters written by the collegium members to the cji which had come into the public domain, the centre had disregarded the recommendation about justice joseph.
bjp firm on apology from shindenew delhi, feb 19, 2013, dhns 1:47 istunion home minister sushilkumar shindes attempt to buy peace with agitated bjp on his saffron terror remark is stuck over the opposition partys insistence that the leader of lok sabha should explicitly use the word regret when issuing clarification in the budget session beginning from thursday.
recently, shinde had sent across a draft of a statement to leader of opposition in lok sabha sushma swaraj to show his willingness for burying sharp differences over his comments at the congress meet at jaipur early last month that the bjp and rss were organising terror camps.
the observation had led to an uproar and the bjp started public protests demanding that shinde be sacked and that he should tender a public apology.
party sources said that in the draft sent to sushma which was discussed among the top brass of the bjp leadership, he tried to apologise indirectly which is not acceptable to the opposition.
the bjp has sent back draft to shinde suggesting that he should use the word regret for making statement which was derogatory not only to the party but to the hindus and the nation as a whole, party sources said.
the comment was picked by pakistan based most wanted hafiz saeed to ridicule the country.
but, shinde is yet to reply to the bjp.
he had told reporters in the past that he and the congress party always believed that terrorism has no colour.
this has prompted the bjp to upped its ante against shinderesolving to target him during the budget session.
prior to that, bjp spokesperson ravishankarprasad prasad told reporters that party chief rajnath singh will lead a protest march on wednesday, expected to start from jantar mantar and try to reach shindes residence.
we will raise the issue in parliament.
shinde is the leader of lok sabha, does he think we are terrorists?
prasad said after the parliamentary party meeting.
our demand is very emphatic.
he has to apologise, he added.
shinde is also in a fix since he cannot give a complete clean chit, especially to sangh parivar as their associates are under the scanner of national investigation agency (nia).
apart from arresting associates who were linked to the rss.
the nia is also looking into suspected role of senior sangh functionary indresh kumar in terror activities.
the rss national executive members name figures in the chargesheet filed in ajmer blast case but he was not made an accused.
the bjp said it will take a call on to boycott shinde if he fails to give either a retraction or apology on his hindu terror remark which was also made previously by finance minister p chidambaram and congress leader digvijay singh.
modi reaches bengaluru for bjp national executive meetbengaluru, april 2, 2015, (ians) 18:12 istprime minister narendra modi arrived here on thursday on a three-day visit to attend the bjp's national executive meeting, which got underway at a hotel in the city earlier in the day.
karnataka governor vajubhai vala, chief minister siddaramaiah, bharatiya janata party's national vice president b.s. yeddyurappa and state unit president prahlad joshi received modi after he landed at the hal airport.
as hundreds of bjp cadres and supporters waited in the hot sun outside the airport to greet the prime minister, modi suddenly alighted from the car and walked up to them, waving and smiling at them.
we are humbled by modi's gesture to get down from his car and greet us in person.
he is our party's true leader and connects well with the workers, an elated party worker told ians.
amid tight security, modi drove to raj bhavan in a convoy, which was escorted by a fleet of police and vip vehicles that blocked vehicular traffic on the 8-km route.
after resting for some time, modi will drive to the lalit ashok hotel, two km from raj bhavan, to address party members in the evening.
on friday, modi will participate in the inaugural meeting of the party's national executive at the same venue and later address a public meeting at the national college grounds.
modi will also attend the second day's executive meeting on saturday and address party members in the afternoon before lunch and leave for delhi later, a party official told ians.
though the national executive meeting is the first after the bjp came to power at the centre in may 2014, it is the fourth time the meet is being held here after the first in 1993, second 1999 and the third 2008, when the party was in power in the southern state for five years.
modi will also interact with the bjp's members in parliament and state legislatures on the margins of the meet and collect feedback from them on the people's perception of the 10-month-old nda government at the centre, the official said.
keeping in view modi's penchant for his pet project swachch bharat abhiyan (or clean india mission), the cash-starved bruhat bengaluru mahanagara palike (bbmp) swung into action and spruced up some of the thoroughfares, roads and footpaths modi will pass through during his stay in the city till saturday afternoon.
in view of the presence of senior party leaders l.k. advani and murli manohar joshi, party president amit shah, union ministers rajnath singh, arun jaitley, m. venkaiah nadu, ravishankarprasad prasad and rajiv pratap rudy, security has been tightened in the city, especially around the venues where modi will visit.
new delhi, dec 20, 2015 (pti) 21:36 isthitting back at delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal for making false and defamatory statements against him, union finance minister arun jaitley is slapping criminal and civil defamation cases against him and five other aap leaders in delhi courts tomorrow.
jaitley told pti tonight that he has instructed legal team in his personal capacity to institute civil defamation cases in the delhi high court and criminal defamation cases in the patiala house courts against kejriwal, kumar vishwas, ashutosh, sanjay singh, raghav chadha and deepak bajpayee.
he accused them of issuing false and defamatory statements against him and his family members.
jaitley's action comes in the backdrop of attacks on him by kejriwal and other aap leaders over alleged irregularities and financial bunglings in delhi's cricket body, delhi and district cricket association, of which he was the president for about 13 years till 2013.
kejriwal and the five aap leaders have publicly been making allegations against jaitley with regard to the ddca affairs although some of the allegations have gone beyond that.
jaitley has also rubbished allegations against his family members, saying, i have no family member who has even one paise interest in any form of business.
why should my family be part of a sports management business?
jaitley has chosen not to give any legal notice to kejriwal and other aap leaders asking them to apologise or face defamation cases.
instead, the cases will be filed straightaway in the courts.
coming out strongly in his support, union minister ravishankarprasad prasad said, we are proud of the impeccable qualities of honesty, integrity and credibility of arun jaitley.
the transparency and credibility with which he has lived his public life all these years and his commitment to probity is too well known.
a defiant aap leader deepak bajpai said, we are not going to be bogged down by such intimadatory tactics.
we are privy of arun jaitley's history.
moreover after today's expose, whole country has come to know about the truth and we are committed to fight against corruption whatever it takes.
another leader ashutosh said,jaitley don't threaten us with defamation.
answer the questions we had asked?
you will take us to court, we will take you to people's court.
call drops: dot rings up owners; customers may be compensatednew delhi, sep 10, 2015, (pti) 19:46 iststepping up pressure on mobile operators to check call drops, the government has asked their promoters including anil ambani, kumar mangalam birla and sunil mittal to directly intervene to address the issue, failing which the companies would have to face penal action.
while department of telecom secretary rakesh garg made phone calls to the top indian industrialists, as also uk-based vodafone's global ceo vittorio colao, to covey the concerns raised by prime minister narendra modi on call drops, watchdog trai said it will issue final recommendations by mid-october on compensation to be given by operators to their customers.
the regulator has already floated a draft paper on the issue of call drops and is currently reviewing the quality of services being offered by various operators.
we have floated a paper relating to compensation and have sought comments from operators.
.
.
after which there will be an open house discussion.
i expect that by october 10-15, we will give the final recommendations in this regard, trai chairman rs sharma told reporters today here at an event.
at a meeting with ceos of mobile operators yesterday, he had asked them to improve services while saying their performance would be reviewed in 15 days.
telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad also warned yesterday that the option of imposing penalties on erring operators could be explored if the companies fail to do the needful to improve the situation.
facing heat, the top industry executives, including at bharti group, said the industry is not shying away from its responsibility and is committed to providing quality services.
sources said telecom secretary has telephoned promoters of mobile firms directly and asked them to improve services, failing which dot will have to impose penalties under the licence conditions.
garg elaborated on the concerns raised by the prime minister to the owners and asked them to optimise networks.
among others, he called up sunil mittal of bharti airtel, anil ambani of reliance communications, kumar mangalam birla of idea cellular and vittorio colao of vodafone, sources said.
as the call drops menace continues to deteriorate, the government has warned the companies to get their act right on the issue or face action.
the government feels that telecom operators are not investing enough in the networks which is leading to call drops, although they deny the charge.
at present, i am not thinking of any kind of penalty imposition but i don't rule out the option if the situation doesn't improve because naturally if there is an issue it needs to be addressed by those who are in the game, prasad said yesterday.
at an industry event this morning, bharti enterprises vice chairman akhil gupta however said that the industry was committed to do the needful to improve the services.
there is absolutely no shying away of responsibility on this (quality of services).
.
.
we as an industry are committed to this, gupta said.
bharti enterprises is the promoter group entity of country's largest telecom company bharti airtel.
gupta added the industry has already invested rs 3 lakh crore in various spectrum auctions and will further invest to improve the quality of services.
on behalf of the industry, i would like to assure that this industry will invest whatever it takes, having invested rs 3 lakh crore already in various spectrum auctions.
.
.
there is absolutely no shying away of making more investments to improve quality of services, gupta, who is also executive chairman of tower firm bharti infratel, said.
gupta complimented the government for providing support on various issues concerning the sector.
the support the government has given to us, particularly in the last 15 months, like spectrum auctions as spectrum is a lifeline of this industry, but let me particularly point out on the support given to us on passive infrastructure is absolutely exemplary, he said.
gupta added the dot has come out with guidelines as to what the tower policy of the country should be, while the minister has personally written to all state chief ministers requesting allowing mobile towers to be put up on the government buildings.
this just conveys the intention of the government as to how serious they are, he added.
telcos to be allowed to install mobile sites on govt buildingsnew delhi, aug 12, 2015, (pti) 16:29 istthe department of telecom and urban development ministry have agree in-principle to permit installation of mobile towers at government buildings, a move that may reduce the problem of call drops.
a meeting was held on july 22 between dot and ministry of urban development (moud) on this issue.
.
.
.
it has been in-principle agreed that moud shall permit installation of mobile towers/in-building solutions in government buildings under their control subject to structural safety and payment of appropriate licence fee by the telecom service providers (tsp), telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad said in a written reply to lok sabha today.
such mobile towers should be a shared facility for all operators, he said, adding that to prevent call drops, installation of more towers is necessary.
while the operators need to optimise and reinforce their networks, extensive campaign on radiation issue is dissuading the people from allowing towers to be installed, prasad said.
further, the minister said, dot has pro-actively engaged in allaying the apprehensions of adverse effects on health due to emf radiations from mobile towers.
prasad said moud and chief ministers have been addressed for providing single window clearances, space in government lands and buildings for mobile sites, speedy right of way (row) clearances and ensuring 24x7 power.
dot had convened meetings with telecom operators in april as well as second week of july on the call drop issue, wherein they have been asked to take immediate measures to address the problem by radio frequency optimisation, installation of new sites and in-building solutions as per the requirement.
prasad said that in order to assess the gravity of problem of call drops, the term cells have been asked to take up special audit to assess the coverage or quality of service in metro or capital cities of all mobile operators network in respect of key performance indicators.
in addition to the existing provision of financial disincentives to tsps for failing to meet the quality of service benchmark parameters prescribed by trai.
.
.
on the issue of compensating consumers for dropped calls, trai's views has been sought by dot, the minister added.
the minister also shared information on number of complaints received by trai against various telcos relating to call drop and poor network connectivity.
prasad said till june 30 this year, there were 211 complaints against airtel, 169 against vodafone and 81 against rcom.
the number of complaints against idea stood at 46, 48 for tata, 43 for bsnl, 14 for aircel, 19 for mts and 10 for mtnl.
new delhi, jul 13, 2016 (pti) 22:55 istopposition today hit out at the modi government over the supreme court's verdict on arunachal pradesh with congress president sonia gandhi saying it will deter it from misuse of power and aap chief arvind kejriwal calling the order a tight slap on its dictatorial tendencies.
congress also demanded the immediate sacking of governor jyoti prasad rajkhowa and demanded an apology from all those involved in the decision of toppling the government.
government said it will do a structured examination of the order and its implications before making a detailed response.
putting up a brave front, bjp tried to deflect the criticism saying the political crisis in the state was an outcome of congress' internal fight and claimed that the order is not a setback to the party.
top congress leaders sonia and rahul gandhi targeted prime minister narendra modi with the party president asserting that those who trampled upon constitutional propriety and democratic norms stand defeated today.
rahul gandhi took a dig at modi as he thanked the apex court for explaining to him (pm) what democracy is.
those who had trampled upon constitutional propriety and democratic norms have been defeated today.
this judgement, that firmly establishes the democratic values enshrined in our constitution, will deter the union government from any further misuse of power, sonia said in a statement.
she also welcomed the historic verdict reinstating the democratically elected and unconstitutionally removed government.
former chief minister and congress leader nabam tuki, whose government was dismissed, said the order has protected democracy and ensured that justice prevails.
it paves the way to protect healthy democracy in the country, tuki said.
delhi chief minister and aap chief arvind kejriwal also hit out at the government.
sc judgement is yet another tight slap on dictatorial modi govt.
hope modi ji would learn and now stop interfering in democratically elected governments, kejriwal tweeted.
the apex court ordered that status quo ante that prevailed on december 15, 2015 be restored in arunachal pradesh assembly.
the judgement is seen as a major setback to the central government and the bjp, which is extending outside support to the pul government.
trying to play down the impact on bjp, party's national secretary shrikant sharma said,what happened in arunachal was an outcome of internal fight within congress.
its government was reduced to minority after a faction within the party rebelled.
we only supported the faction's bid for power from the outside.
congress should not blame us for its internal problems.
rahul gandhi is talking about democracy but he should know that past congress governments have made a century of the use of article 356 (of the constitution) to dismiss state governments.
uttarakhand chief minister harish rawat, who had also got relief from the apex court, lauded the verdict.
my heartfelt gratitude to the supreme court for restoring cong government in arunachal pradesh.
judiciary has restored faith of people in democracy, rawat said in a social media post.
the government said it will do a structured examination of the supreme court order restoring the dismissed congress government in arunachal pradesh and its implications before making a detailed response.
however, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad put a poser over developments in the state after december 15, including the withdrawal of president's rule and kalikho pul proving his majority subsequently in the assembly following the legislative procedures and forming the government.
we are yet to get the order.
we will study it in detail.
.
.
and then make structured response.
we will do a structured examination of the order.
it requires detailed consideration, prasad told reporters at the cabinet briefing.
we will carefully study the judgement and its implications, he said.
noting it was probably the first time that president's rule imposed by a central government has been reversed by supreme court, cpi(m) general secretary sitaram yechury described the verdict as very, very big indictment of the modi dispensation.
he demanded that centre take action against those responsible for the continuous transgressions of constitutional structure, first in uttarakhand and then in arunachal pradesh.
in both the instances (uttarakhand and arunachal) the apex court had to intervenethe government should learn to curb its authoritarian tendencies which have been increasing in the past and we will demand fixing of accountabilities and consequent action in parliament, yechury told reporters.
cpi national secretary d raja termed the verdict as slap on government's face and victory of democracy.
congress also demanded a probe into a tape-recorded conversation of some bjp leaders and a businessmen, handed over as proof to the court, for toppling the arunachal government.
we want the governor to submit his resignation immediately and if he does not do so, we will ask for him to be dismissed both outside and inside parliament.
i have heard that rajkhowa is on leave, he should go on long leave, senior congress leader kapil sibal said.
meanwhile arunachal pradesh chief minister kalikho pul said that there was no threat to his government as the required numbers are with him and it will be decided on the floor of the assembly.
pul, who had led the congress rebels then, said, (our) government will remain.
that will be decided on the floor of the assembly.
government runs only with the numbers.
there is no threat to our government, he told reporters.
he also said that a review petition will be filed in the supreme court seeking reconsideration of it verdict.
terming the verdict as historic, jd(u) spokesperson k c tyagi said it was major blow to the bjp-led central government.
the supreme court's decision has exposed the central government's move to impose bjp rule by crushing an elected government.
it had done the same in uttrakhand to destabilise the harish rawat government.
it shows bjp's mindset towards cooperative federalism, he said, adding the truth has prevailed.
committed judiciary has been a harsh indian reality.
justice khanna was denied elevation as the chief justice of india (cji) because of his courage to tell that the fundamental rights are inalienable even during the emergency.
however, the phenomenon of committed judiciary is not one that occurred only during the emergency (june 25, 1975 - march 21, 1977), as commonly understood.
even earlier, in 1973, three seniormost judges of the supreme court had to resign when they were superseded by a junior judge, who was appointed as cji.
history repeated itself in a different fashion in justice k m josephs episode.
a strong central government made its aggrandising impositions on a weak and divided judiciary.
sometimes, political intrusion into the judicial affairs has been an insurmountable indian tragedy.
the centre has, no doubt, exposed itself in not having a valid justification in turning down the collegiums recommendation to elevate justice joseph.
unlike the case of elevation of judges of the high court as the chief justice of a high court, where seniority matters predominantly, for the elevation of a chief justice of a high court to the supreme court, seniority is not the sole criteria.
this proposition has been unequivocally laid down by a nine-judge bench of the supreme court in the presidential reference case [(1998) 7 supreme court cases 739].
the apex court said what matters for elevation to the supreme court is merit and not seniority.
the primacy of collegium and the finality of its unanimous decision in the matter of appointment are also legal principles settled by the supreme court by way of the 2nd judges case (1993), the 3rd judges case (1998) and the relatively recent verdict in the national judicial appointment commission case (2015).
justice joseph is an erudite judge who is known for his intellectual ability and honesty.
on april 21, 2016, he, along with justice v k bist, quashed the centres order for imposing presidents rule in uttarakhand which was not preceded by a floor test in the assembly.
the judgement could not have been otherwise, in view of the binding precedent in bommai (air 1994 sc 1918) in which the supreme court has mandated floor test to ascertain the majority.
though the supreme court upheld the verdict, it resorted to a conciliatory approach in its order of may 6, 2016.
ultimately, it persuaded the centre to agree for a floor test, which reinstated the then chief minister harish rawat.
the judgement of the high court has been more judicious.
but merit often costs one so dearly.
it is quite true that the moral authority of the congress to question the centre is doubtful since it lacked democratic legitimacy in ensuring judicial independence in the past.
that, however, does not dilute the content of the objection.
it is equally true that the present system of selection of judges by the collegium, often based on a barter system, as revealed by justice chelameswar, is terribly disgusting.
robert stevens famously said: judges choosing judges is the antithesis of democracy.
in the present scenario, merit is a notion that is so abstract and obscure.
even justice chelameswar recently bemoaned that elevation of judges to the top court is done based on impressions and not on evaluation.
but the government and even the supreme court are bound by the nine-judge bench ruling, which remains as the law of the land by virtue of article 141 of the constitution, as long as there is no law that supersedes it.
the centres stand, expressed through law minister ravishankarprasad prasad, also defies the conventions.
it is shown in a recent report that justice deepak gupta in the supreme court is junior to more than 45 judges in the high courts across the country (apurva viswanath, the print, february 15, 2018).
the same report shows that two sitting judges of the supreme court from karnataka, justice mohan m shantanagoudar and justice abdul nazeer are juniors to at least 39 sitting high court judges.
the argument that justice josephs elevation would result in over-representation for kerala is fallacious.
the only other judge from kerala, justice kurian joseph, is due to retire this november.
curiously, 2018 would witness scores of retirements as six judges would vacate office this year.
twelve vacancies are expected as against the sanctioned strength of 31 in the apex court.
this would erase the putative anxiety of the centre about the inadequacy of the regional or communal representation on the bench.
the process of appointments in constitutional court in india still awaits a comprehensive legislation that encompasses all its facets.
the very fact that the government can delay any appointment, as there is no statutory prescription of a time limit for approving or disapproving, tells a sad commentary on the system.
justice josephs name was returned by the centre only after an unjustifiable, inordinate and nefarious delay.
refusal to fill up the judicial vacancies in the higher courts is nothing but an insult to the constitution.
an independent judiciary is a constitutional imperative and a fair method for selection and elevation is its condition precedent.
the centre, that drained off the common man economically by way of demonetisation and excess tax, that repressed him socially by way of the apathy to the atrocities against the children, women and dalits, has also snatched away his democratic rights by trying to destroy the constitutional institutions, and in the process, even the supreme court is not spared.
rs approves lokpal billnew delhi, dec 17, 2013, dhns: 2:03 istthe rajya sabha on tuesday passed the lokpal bill following a day-long debate and after delaying it by almost two years.
in a rare show of consensus, all political parties barring the samajwadi party and the shiv sena supported the lokpal and lokayuktas bill, 2011, along with a set of amendments, recommended by a parliamentary select committee that scrutinised the first version of the bill, debated in the house two years ago.
floor managers of the ruling coalition convinced samajwadi party leaders to stage a walkout after registering their protest.
as the government agreed to incorporate a key amendment proposed by the bjp and lone dissenter sp was absent in the house, passage of the long-awaited legislation through a voice vote was smooth.
the amendment suggested by the bjp would allow the central bureau of investigation or police to search an officer accused of corruption without any notice.
leader of opposition in the rajya sabha arun jaitley said there would not be any prior intimation to public servant before any investigation where search and seizures are to be conducted.
accepting the suggestion, union law minister kapil sibal said it would be added to the legislation.
notwithstanding objections from some of the elders, sibal also made it clear that the prime minister would also come under the purview of lokpal's investigation authority and members of the legislature could not be a member of the lokpal because of conflict of interest.
soon after the bill was passed, prime minister manmohan singh who was sitting in his designated seat, walked up to the law minister and congratulated him.
the bill is scheduled to come in the lok sabha on wednesday.
half a century ago, the administrative reforms commission (arc), in a 1966 report recommended setting up an institution of lokpal at the centre to probe corruption cases.
in order to implement the arc recommendation, the centre introduced eight bills on lokpal in the lok sabha in 1968, 1971, 1977, 1985, 1989, 1996, 1998 and 2001.
but all these bills had lapsed due to the dissolution of the respective lok sabha except in the case of 1985 bill which was withdrawn after its introduction.
but the demand for a lokpal gathered momentum following the agitation by gandhian activist anna hazare and his then associate arvind kejriwal, who spearheaded a nationwide anti-corruption movement, compelling the united progressive alliance government to bring in parliament once again.
initially, there may be some difficulty (in implementing the law), but it will contribute in improving the political process, jaitley said on tuesday opening the debate.
the leader of the opposition and his party colleague ravishankarprasad prasad also demanded passage of citizens charter bill and whistle blower protection bill which are pending with parliament.
sibal said both bills are with parliament at the moment.
in addition, an amendment to the prevention of corruption act, dealing with the bribe givers is also pending in the lok sabha.
pm denounces female foeticide, calls it 'mental illness'panipat, jan 22, 2015, (pti) 19:51 istdenouncing the practice of female foeticide, prime minister narendra modi today said the discrimination against girls reflects mental illness and displays a mindset worse than that in the 18th century.
launching 'beti bachao beti padhao (save daughter, educate daughter)' scheme in this district of haryana, a state with one of the poorest sex ratio, modi also slammed doctors indulging in female foeticide, saying their sin was a betrayal against society.
in a hard-hitting speech, he said, we cannot call ourselves citizens of 21st century by practising such a crime and we were by our mindset belonged to 18th century when daughters were killed soon after they were born.
administering a pledge to the gathering that they will work to end female foeticide and discrimination against girls, he said, we are in fact worse than that.
in those times, (in 18th century), girls would be allowed to be born and live for some time.
we kill our daughters in the wombs of their mothers.
.
.
in the root of this is our mental poverty.
noting that in the indian society, sons are considered very important, he said there is a belief that daughters are a property of some other house where they would be married.
this disease is not of haryana alone but this mental illness ails the whole country.
pleading to end this ill practice, he said, the prime minister of this country had come to them like a beggar and was begging for the lives of daughters.
referring to haryana, he said it was very painful for him to see that in a state which produced a woman like kalpana chawla, the first indian woman to have travelled in space, other kalpana chawlas are killed in the wombs of their mother.
he also launched sukanya samridhi yojna (girl child prosperity scheme), under which girl children below 10 years will have bank accounts with more interest and income tax benefits.
a host of union ministers, including maneka gandhi, ravishankarprasad prasad, smriti irani and j p nadda, haryana governor kaptan singh solanki and chief minister manohar lal khattar joined modi as he launched the scheme.
bollywood actress madhuri dixit was also there to promote the drive against female foeticide.
the campaign will be initially implemented in the 100 districts, including 12 in haryana, across country where sex ratio is rather poor.
by persisting with such a discrimination against girl child, the nation would not only harm itself but also generations to come, the prime minister said, adding it will take a lot of commitment and many years before the imbalance in sex ratio ended.
urging doctors to shun female foeticide, modi said they were not given education for killing girl child and that it was their responsibility as part of the society to ensure girls' safety and progress.
i want to ask you if this is what you have to do to make money.
.
.
this sin is a betrayal against society, he said.
terming as a myth that sons take care of parents in their old age, modi said had it been true, then so many old age homes would not have come up in the last 50 years.
there are countless number of families where parents are unhappy despite having sons and where parents are happy due to their daughter, he said.
citing the incident in 2006 which a five-year-old boy prince was rescued in an over 50-hour operation after he had fallen in a borewell in kurukshetra, he said the whole country had prayed for him.
he wondered why the same people become so insensitive when so many girl children are killed around them.
stressing the need for quality education for girls, he said the fact that parents do not educate their daughters well but want well-educated daughters-in-law reflects society's double-standard.
maneka gandhi said the 'beti bachao, beti padhao' campaign was the fourth major initiative of the modi government after jandhan yojna, swachh bharat abhiyan and make in india campaign.
a reward of rs 1 crore will be given for the innovative village which attains a balanced sex ratio.
gandhi said there were 70 villages in the state where no girl child had been born for years.
modi said that it is a collective responsibility of governments, society, villages, families and parents to become sensitive towards girl child.
he stressed the fact that if presently 1,000 boys are born in our country, then an equal number of girls should also be born.
otherwise the system of the universe will not work, he said.
terming the mindset towards girl child as a matter of great concern, he said that in jhajjar and mahendargarh districts of haryana, there are 1,000 boys against 785 girls which meant that around 225 boys will remain unmarried in coming days.
he said he was pained that the land (haryana) which is known to give the message of humanity is also witnessing the killings of girls in their mother's wombs.
at times if there is a girl in the womb of a woman, she does not want to kill it by abortion.
.
.
however, family pressure and environment compels her to became part of the sin of killing the child, he said.
modi said girls were today doing well in sports, in education and health sectors, and contributed significantly even in agriculture.
the prime minister thanked actress madhuri dixit for her participation in the programme despite her mother being seriously unwell.
this, he said, demonstrated her commitment to the cause, and similar commitment would be required to overcome the gender imbalance created in our society.
recalling the example of jayapur village in varanasi, where, on his advise, an anandotsav (celebration) is held on the birth of every girl child and five trees are planted, the prime minister said that people across the country should follow this example.
on the occasion, every corner of the ground in which the programme was held carried the message to protect and save the girl child.
centre okays deal on indo-bangla coastal shippingnew delhi, may 31, 2015, dhns: 1:13 istahead of prime minister narendra modi's visit to bangladesh, the centre on saturday approved an agreement on coastal shipping between india and the neighbouring country for cheaper cargo movements between them.
the union cabinet, chaired by prime minister narendra modi, has given its approval to the agreement on coastal shipping between india and bangladesh to carry out coastal movement of goods between the two countries, said an official statement.
the agreement will help reduce freight charges and improve utilisation of port capabilities between the two country, communication and it minister ravishankarprasad prasad told reporters after the cabinet meeting.
the pact will also help de-congest roads, especially at the land custom stations or integrated check posts at the indo-bangladesh border.
indian ports serving as trans-shipment ports for bangladeshi cargo will derive benefits by way of enhanced throughput as a result of indo-bangladesh coastal trade, said the statement.
india and bangladesh shall render the same treatment to the other countries vessels as it would have done to its national vessels used in international sea transportation, it added.
india's trade with bangladesh has grown rapidly over the past few years, and bangladesh is now india's largest trade partner in south asia.
you have enough spectrum, address call drops: prasad to telcosnew delhi, jun 14, 2015 (pti) 12:13 istdoing some plain speaking on call drops, telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad today asked mobile operators to walk the extra mile to reinforce their systems as they have enough spectrum to provide telephony services without interruption.
the minister said he has asked sectoral regulator trai to suggest a disincentive mechanism to tackle the problem, though he refused to share if it will be a financial disincentive.
the point is, as of now, let me tell you as a minister that i would like all the telecom operators to reinforce their system, to avoid call drops, to properly run their operations.
once we are willing to walk the extra mile, they also walk the extra mile, prasad said in an interview to pti.
government put the highest amount of spectrum to auction in march, some of which remained unsold, he said, adding that therefore the argument given by operators that not enough spectrum is available with them does not hold substance.
.
.
.
this argument i don't appreciate, enough spectrum is available, what is important for them is to reinforce.
.
.
call drop issue needs to be addressed by the operators, whether bsnl or private ones because consumers want no call drops.
now i would appreciate if telecom operators earnestly addressed this problem, he said.
the government is willing to walk the extra mile to address the concerns of the telecom sector but in turn, the industry should also improve its services and avoid problems like call drops, he said.
the minister said that to revise merger and acquisition (m&a) guidelines for the sector, the department of telecom is meeting stakeholders and a final call will be taken once the recommendations are finalised.
a committee headed by telecom secretary is working on it.
they have had a lot of meetings with stakeholders.
let them finalise their whole recommendations then we will take a call.
time is not the factor at all, if there is need for immediate pushing, surely we will do it.
i shall be very frank with you, prasad said.
the minister also put his weight behind the industry's concern over installation of mobile towers by saying that call drop allegations and campaign against tower installation can't go hand in hand.
i have already spoken publicly about this campaign on the tower issue and i want to repeat that there is no tangible evidence of any harmful effect.
therefore, call drop allegations and campaign against tower installation can not go hand in hand, he said.
telecom operators have for long been demanding changes in the m&a rules, terming them difficult.
vodafone had earlier said that companies should be allowed to buy assets of a particular firm such as spectrum, and not the entire firm which has a lot of debt on its books.
sectoral regulator trai had also said m&a rules need to be reworked for an pick-up in consolidation activity.
the telecom commission, highest decision making body of dot, has already finalised its views on spectrum sharing and trading guidelines and it will be sent to cabinet by the end of this month.
once trading is allowed, it is expected to increase efficient use of radiowaves by enabling telecom operators, who have a lower subscriber base or un-utilised spectrum, to trade in it.
on the auction of 3g spectrum, prasad said the moment the radiowaves in this band are released, process for auction will be expedited.
the moment it comes, it will be expedited and obliviously as i said the march auction was not the last auction of this government, he said.
asked if it will be auctioned this fiscal, he said: let me have a look at it, if need be it will be expedited, why not.
the cabinet in january had approved swapping of 15 mhz of 3g spectrum in 17 circles between the defence ministry and the telecom ministry.
the spectrum would by available for commercial use after completion of the harmonisation process.
new delhi, aug 4, 2015, (pti): 13:59 istas congress president sonia gandhi and other party leaders protested against suspension of their mps, bjp parliamentary party today accused it of being a destructive opposition and passed a resolution against its obstructionist and anti-development policies.
on a day congress mps led by gandhi sat on a dharna to protest the speaker's decision to suspend 25 of their mps from lok sabha, the ruling party lashed out at gandhi for calling it a black day for democracy and raked up the imposition of emergency to criticise it.
with the main opposition party unrelenting on its demand for the resignation of union minister sushma swaraj and rajasthan and madhya pradesh chief ministers vasundhara raje and shivraj singh chouhan, bjp said there was no basis for such a demand and the parliamentary party stands with them.
congress has abdicated the responsibilities of a constructive opposition and is using its numerical strength in parliament, especially in rajya sabha, to adopt a negative strategy.
bjp parliamentary party condemns the obstructionist, narrow and anti-development mindsent of congress as it will have a serious and adverse influence in long term on the country which is emerging as an important economic power in the world, said the resolution passed in the meeting, attended by prime minister narendra modi and most of his ministerial colleagues.
congress has become a destructive opposition party, union minister of state for parliamentary affairs mukhtar abbas naqvi told reporters after the meeting.
the government had made honest efforts for the smooth conduct of the monsoon session, the bjp meet said and accused congress of making a u-turn after initially agreeing to a debate on the vyapam and lalit modi issues.
congress refused to attend a meeting called by finance minister and leader of rajya sabha arun jaitley and also declined the government's proposal for an all-party meet on july 31, the resolution said, accusing the opposition party of working with a narrow political agenda.
the bjp resolution charged congress with deliberately obstructing the modi government's attempts for the country's resurgence and said the opposition party had been left stunned at parliament's productivity in the previous sessions.
a stunned congress has prepared a policy to stop necessary economic reforms aimed at reviving the economy and obstruct other welfare and development policies of the government.
this policy has become its political strategy which is being executed with more power and commitment by congress in the monsoon session, it said.
it said prime minister modi's increasing popularity has become a pain in the eye of congress.
this is unfortunate that a party with 130 years of history and which has ruled the country for over five decades has not been able to get over its shameful loss in 2014.
it has not been able to digest the full majoirty given to narendra modi by people, it said.
on the congress demand for the resignation of swaraj, raje and chouhan, it said there is no basis for it.
in the same way there is no ground for the resignation of raje and chouhan and the bjp parliamentary party is standing by them, the resolution, proposed by union minister ravishankarprasad prasad and passed at the meeting, said.
it also defended speaker sumitra mahajan's decision yesterday to suspend 25 congress members, saying it was done under dire circumstances as they exhibited disrespect to the chair and ignored her requests for not carrying placards.
it said the bjp parliamentary party was surprised that sonia gandhi had called it a black day for democracy.
this is unfortunate that the congress party which trampled democracy in 1975 by imposing emergency and snatched away the citizen's liberty is making such unfounded claims, it said, citing expulsion of 63 opposition members from the house on march 15, 1989 over their demand that justice thakkar commission report on indira gandhi's assassination be tabled.
committed to ram temple, says prasadgandhinagar: march 19, 2017, dhns 1:03 istravi shankar prasadunion law and justice minister ravishankarprasad prasad on saturday reiterated that the government is committed to building the ram temple in ayodhya.
the temple will be built at the same place where ram lallas idol has been installed, prasad told the media after a convocation function at the gujarat national law university.
the evidence we have in support of ram temple is constitutionally strong and we are very confident, the supreme court will rule in our favour and after that a grand ram temple will be constructed there constitutionally.
talking about factors that led to the bjps victory in uttar pradesh, prasad said it was partly due to muslim women who were affected by triple talaq.
the women who have been affected due to the practice.
just because we expressed concern for them, muslim women voted for the bjp in good numbers.
the state (up) has the highest number of victims (of triple talaq), he said.
it is not an issue of religion but of gender justice, equality and dignity, the minister said, adding that the centre has already placed before the supreme court a strong argument against triple talaq.
pvt telcos not improving services:stern steps on calldrop:govtnew delhi, dec 7, 2015, (pti) 16:14 istprivate telecom companies are increasing their customers but not improving services which are very bad, government said in rajya sabha today and while asserting that it will take stern steps to address the menace of mobile call dropping.
communications minister ravishankarprasad prasad said the private telecom companies have been asked to improve the infrastructure and the government is monitoring it.
after the issue was raised by naresh agrawal (sp) during zero hour, prasad said he shared the concern of the member and the parliament over the problem.
i understand the concern raised by the member on the issue and parliament's concern.
i and my government have taken this issue very seriously.
.
.
i am concerned over the issue and we are rectifying it.
for last two-three years, the issue was not taken seriously.
i want to assure you that the effective steps taken now by me have never been taken earlier, he said.
i am a strong minister and will take more stern steps to improve the services, he said.
prasad said private telecom companies are increasing their customers but not improving services which are very bad.
he added that be it the chief of vodafone or airtel, both have admitted to the problems and said they will improve.
of the total 18 lakh mobile towers of private companies across the country, a survey has found 35,000 towers to be faulty, the minister said.
while 20,000 such towers have been rectified, still 15,000 faulty towers are to be set right.
my department is monitoring it and have been asking private companies for investing and improving the infrastructure, he saidhe said due to government's efforts and pressure in the last three months, private mobile companies have installed 14,000 new towers and in delhi alone 700 new mobile towers have come up.
a new tower is being installed in the parliament annexe and library building, he said, adding that his department is monitoring it.
agrawal also sought a thorough discussion on the issue to end comsumer exploitation, to which the minister responded positively saying he was ready for one.
responding to the question of trai's decision to impose penalty on private companies for call dropping, the minister said as far as trai's decision is concerned, it will be implemented from january.
prasad further claimed that bsnl, which is in operating profit for the first time in the last five years,is installing 25,000 more towers across the country in the last one month.
i will also bring bsnl in profit.
.
.
i would not talk about my efficiency.
bsnl was in 10,000 profit in 2004 and was in loss thereafter.
bsnl is in operating profit, for the first time in five years.
it was in losses earlier, he said.
sharad yadav praises 'bodies' of south indian womennew delhi, march 13, 2015, dhns: 1:29 isttoo much appreciationjanata dal (united) president sharad yadav came under sharp criticism on friday for speaking in awe of the bodies and dancing skills of dark-skinned south indian women during a discussion in the rajya sabha.
yadavs comments, which triggered a controversy among politicians and on social media, came during a discussion on the insurance laws (amendment) bill on thursday evening.
while opposing the hike in foreign direct investment from 26 to 49 per cent in the insurance sector, the jd (u) chief spoke about uncalled affinity for white-skinned people in india.
he said that leslee udwin, director of controversial documentary on the delhi gang-rape indias daughter, would have got permission to shoot easily because she was white.
your god is dark like ravishankarprasad prasad (present in the house), but your matrimonial ads insist on white-skinned brides, yadav went on.
prasad responded to the statement by saying: there was also a dark manmahatma gandhiwho drove the whites out of the country.
continuing his speech, the jd (u) chief said, the women of the south are dark but they aretheir bodies.
.
.
.
yadav further spoke about the dancing skills of south indian women.
dmk parliamentarian kanimozhi voiced her protest, the only one in the 243-member house to do so, prompting yadav to say: just because it is a serious discussion, it doesnt mean one has to be serious all the time.
as his remarks triggered a controversy on friday, yadav refused to apologise, reasoning that he had not said anything wrong.
his party colleague k c tyagi, however, said he was sorry if somebody is angry or hurt as the jd (u) chief's remark was not in bad taste.
congress mp rajiv shukla said that yadavs comments called for an apology, while cpm polit bureau member brinda karat said the jd (u) chiefs statements were highly objectionable.
india's internet gov model to balance public, pvt interestsnew delhi, jan 16, 2015 (pti) 19:51 istindia's internet governance model will be consistent with the role private firms play in widening internet's reach and the pre-eminent role of government in public welfare, telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad said today.
in recent times, issues related to privacy, content regulation and barrier to access internet or internet based services have been in the spotlight.
today i tried to understand the trend and cross trend of internet governance and related issues across the world.
india will decide on its internet governance model which will be consistent with the role private players play in spread of internet and pre-eminent role played by government in public welfare, prasad told pti after a meeting on internet governance with ministry officials.
internet governance applies to activities as diverse as coordination of technical standards, operation of critical infrastructure, development, regulation and legislation.
to come up with a broad framework, we will need to consult various stakeholders, prasad said.
net-neutrality, which is access to internet or internet based services without any barrier or discrimination, has been in limelight following telecom major airtel announcing a plan to charge separately for internet based voice calls.
the company later backtracked its plan following huge public outcry on social media.
trai is expected to come out with a consultation paper to take a public view on regulating over-the-top telecom players like skype, whatsapp, viber which facilitate their users to make calls or send messages using the internet for free.
ott subscribers are only required to pay for internet data consumed for using.
prasad in his meeting with us under-secretary of state catherine novelli earlier this week had said, for india, net neutrality is very important.
the just-concluded winter session has marked a new low in the sanctity of parliamentary democracy.
the truncated 12-day session that concluded on january 5 has been the shortest in recent history.
parliament used to sit 120-plus days till a few years ago, but the number of sittings has since plummeted and last year the house sat for less than 70 days.
the budget session begins on january 29, leaving a gap of only 15 working days between the winter and budget sessions for parliamentary committees to scrutinise and fine-tune bills.
the first phase of the budget session will conclude on february 9 and after roughly 24 days recess for standing committees to examine the demand for grants of various ministries, will resume on march 5 and conclude on april 6.
the triple talaq bill, which seeks to make instant divorce a criminal offence, was cleared by the lok sabha, but hit the rajya sabha wall, with the opposition demanding its scrutiny by a select committee.
the house was adjourned sine die without passing the triple talaq bill and the crucial lokpal law.
while the government was in a tearing hurry to push the talaq law, it showed no interest in clearing the lokpal bill languishing in the lower house since 2014.
the congress wanted to raise the issue of an alleged scam involving bjp president amit shah's son and the questionable rafale fighter deal.
however, the government thwarted the congress move by delaying the winter session till gujarat had voted.
post-gujarat poll, the congress did not pursue either matter in parliament.
the gujarat election was an alibi for pruning and postponing the session as the prime minister, nearly 50 union ministers and some 120-odd mps were drafted for campaigning.
the new trend of the prime minister being the star campaigner in state elections and almost the entire cabinet following him bodes ill for parliamentary democracy.
prime ministers ordinarily address, at the most, four or five rallies in a state election.
but modi changed the rules of the game.
critics say that by squeezing sessions, the government ensures that many critical but unpalatable issues are not raised in parliament; this questionable tactic emanated from gujarat.
the complexion of the rajya sabha has since undergone major changes, with bjp emerging the largest party while the opposition ranks stand depleted.
the house will miss stalwarts like sharad yadav, mayawati and sitaram yechury, all ceased to be members from the winter session.
though yechury has a chance to return to the house via kerala in april, it looks unlikely because of the factional feud in the cpm.
kerala comrades are said to be pushing the candidature of a political novice, son of the state jd-s chief, for the upper house berth.
if that happens, not only the cpm, but the opposition will lose a powerful anti-bjp voice in the house.
the bjp now has 58 members in the upper house and the congress 57.
the nda as a whole has 121 members in the 245-member house.
by july, the bjp's strength will rise to 65.
save ghulam nabi azad, the opposition also does not have good political minds in the upper house.
on friday, veteran karan singh retired after a 40-year parliamentary stint; later this month, the terms of janardan dwivedi and parvez hashmi will end.
in contrast, the bjp has bolstered its position by inducting many heavyweights, including its powerful party president amit shah.
another unsavoury feature that marked the session was that the pm became the cause for disruption.
the congress stalled the house for a week demanding an apology from modi for his insinuation against former pm manmohan singh.
after a week, the pm outsourced the apology part to arun jaitley, who deftly clarified that modi did not intend to question the integrity of his predecessor.
jaitley's statement doused the house fire and normalcy returned, but only till caste clashes erupted in maharashtra and the government attempted to steamroll the triple talaq bill.
if a magnanimous modi had clarified his comments earlier, parliament could have salvaged at least five working days lost in the standoff.
all eyes on pollsthe party has not been able to explain why it is in such a hurry to pass the triple talaq law and why it is avoiding the select committee that could have addressed congress's reservations on the criminality clause.
if a husband (breadwinner) is lodged in prison as punishment, who will provide financial support to his wife and children?
critics suspect that the bjp may want the issue to linger until the karnataka elections and that is why it was not ready for any amendments or the select committee scrutiny.
exposing the bjp's political calculations behind the bill, an array of senior party leaders, including union ministers arun jaitley, ravishankarprasad prasad, ananth kumar and mukhtar abbas naqvi accused the congress of being pro-clerics and sabotaging the rights of muslim women.
such was the bjp's desperation to paint congress as anti-muslim women that the treasury benches disrupted the proceedings with even senior cabinet ministers standing up and leading the ruckus to drive home their point that only bjp cared for the rights of muslim women.
ishrat jahan, one of the five petitioners in the case, has since joined bjp and the party is planning to use her in west bengal to woo muslim women voters.
though the bjp did not field a single muslim candidate in the up election, post poll, chief minister adityanath inducted a shia as minister and appointed another shia as chairman of the state minorities' commission.
is the bjp plotting to divide muslim society along gender lines after attempting to drive a wedge between shia and sunni muslim sects?
if so, it will hardly serve the interests of the minority community.
new delhi, feb 20, 2016, (pti) 20:25 isttelecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad has asked department of electronics and it secretary (deity) aruna sharma to look into the scheme of ringing bells offering a smartphone for just rs 251.
this has come in response to a letter from bjp mp kirit somaiya.
the minister has received a representation from kirit somaiya and mobile phone manufacturers where they have expressed doubt about the veracity of this venture, a telecom ministry source told pti.
he added that the minister has asked the deity secretary to go into the whole issue and if need be, states' cooperation will be sought to find out more about the company.
somaiya has approached a host of ministries, including telecom and finance, regulators sebi, trai, rbi, and state governments, raising issues about the company claiming to offer the world's cheapest mobile phone.
the noida-based company ringing bells today closed its booking for rs 251 phone and has said delivery of all handsets will be completed by june 30.
ringing bells' president ashok chaddha said the manufacturing cost of the phone is about rs 2,500, which will be recovered through a series of measures like economies of scale, innovative marketing, reduction in duties and creating an e-commerce marketplace.
by going for made in india components, we can save on the 13.
8 per cent duty.
also, we will be selling online first and thus, save the costs incurred on the large distribution network, he said.
chaddha also rejected speculation of the handset being subsidised by the government.
the phone will be manufactured in noida and uttarakhand.
two plants will be set up for rs 250 crore each with a capacity of 5 lakh phones.
the money will come in the form of debt and equity (1.
5:1), he said.
chaddha added that the equity is being met by the promoter family of the company that is engaged in agri-commodities business in uttar pradesh, but declined to give details.
but this has not cut much ice with somaiya as well as the industry.
the response.
.
.
of ashok chaddha of ringing bells that how much cost will be saved due to import/local assembling/online marketing.
.
.
far from convincing, somaiya said in a letter attached to his tweet.
the mobile phone industry body ica too has raised some red flags.
we have checked with all operators in the industry and no one has admitted to having been in any kind of bundling deal or partnership with them.
i will only say consumers should stay cautious.
more than consumers, it may hurt businessmen in small towns if the promise made by the company fails, ica national president pankaj mohindroo said.
the company today closed the booking for its 'freedom 251' phone, citing heavy demand.
the notice on the website of company said it has received 3.
70 crore registrations on day 1 and 2.
47 crore on day 2 (as of 1949 hours).
bjp goes slow in action against bsy supportersbelgaum , dec 10, 2012, dhns 1:49 istparty wants to continue in power to face electionsit appears that the bharatiya janata party (bjp) is going slow in taking action against mlas who defied party diktat and attended the karnataka janata party rally of b s yeddyurappa at haveri on sunday.
all the 14 mlas attended the assembly on monday.
the opposition, too, did not use the divide to put the government on the mat.
on sunday, 14 mlas, including minister sunil vallyapure, who has quit his post to show his solidarity with yeddyurappa, attended the kjp rally at haveri.
the chief minister has accepted his resignation.
at least half of them, except vallyapure, on monday were in the assembly.
even ministers shobha karandlaje, c m udasi, umesh katti and murugesh nirani, renukacharya and revu naik belamagi who were in the breakfast meeting at the residence of bjp mlc shivaraj sajjanar, attended the session.
even at the state cabinet meeting, it was business as usual and various issues were discussed.
except ministers varthur prakash and umesh katti, the rest were present.
the seven mlas  nehru olekar, shrishilappa bidarur, chandrakanth bellad, g shivanna, lakshminarayana, y c vishwanath and c c patil  attended the assembly session.
as they are technically with the bjp, they continued to sign in the attendance register as bjp mlas.
chief minister jagadish shettar told reporters that the issue will be discussed at the party state executive committee meeting on december 12 in belgaum.
he also reiterated that there is no threat to his government and that it will complete its full term.
he also set aside the demand for dissolution of the assembly.
at least till monday evening, the bjp gave an impression that it was not giving credence to what happened at the kjp convention.
but sources in the party said it may issue show cause notices to the mlas and wait for their responses.
later, it may petition the speaker to disqualify the mlas but that may not happen before presenting the budget in january first week.
the party is desperate to continue in power so that it has the advantage during the next elections.
even mlas, who are with yeddyurappa, are not ready to lose either ministership or their membership when elections are just months away.
oppn demandinterestingly, the principal opposition, the congress, demanded that the chief minister should dissolve the assembly and face fresh elections.
leader of the opposition siddaramaiah and kpcc chief g parameshwara said the bjp government has been reduced to a minority and it has no right to conduct the legislature session.
the assembly should be immediately dissolved, they said.
parameshwara told reporters that his party would submit a petition to the governor to dismiss the government as it has lost its mandate.
meanwhile, a group of mlas led by municipal administration minister balachandra jarkiholi held a meeting and asked the bjp to sack energy minister shobha karandlaje, pwd minister c m udasi and the 14 mlas for going to haveri.
rebels mlas may not get ticketthe 14 bjp mlas who attended the haveri convention of the karnataka janata party on sunday are unlikely to get party tickets to contest the assembly elections next year, reports dhns from new delhi.
a senior bjp leader on condition of anonymity said: many of these mlas will not get party ticket to contest the elections expected to take place sometime around april.
the party heaved a sigh of relief after only 14 mlas came out in support of yeddyurappa, contrary to speculations that about 40 elected representatives will defect.
we are keeping an eye on the entire development in karnataka, deputy leader of the opposition in the rajya sabha, ravishankarprasad prasad, told reporters.
month-long winter session to commence on november 24new delhi, oct 27, 2014, (pti) 14:28 istwinter session of parliament will start from november 24 and conclude on december 23 during which a heavy legislative agenda is on the cards.
the cabinet committee on parliamentary affairs headed by home minister rajnath singh today recommended the dates to the president.
the month-long session will have a total of 22 sittings in which four days have been earmarked for private members' business.
a total of 67 bills -- 59 in rajya sabha and eight in lok sabha -- are pending and the government will push for passage of at least 30 to 35 legislations, a senior minister said.
this will be the second major session since the narendra modi government took over in may.
the long wait for finalisation of seating arrangement in lok sabha is expected to be over before the session commences, almost six months after the constitution of the new house.
we expect the arrangement to be in place before the winter session, said an official at parliament over the exercise which has dragged on after the declaration of the results of the 16th lok sabha polls on may 16.
average number of sittings in the past five winter sessions has been 22 and the dates were decided based on precedents, source said.
finance minister arun jaitley, external affairs minister sushma swaraj, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad, chemicals and fertilisers minister anant kumar and parliamentary affairs minister m venkaiah naidu are members of the committee.
hrd minister smriti irani and ministers of state for parliamentary affairs prakash javadekar and santosh gangwar are special invitees to the committee.
gadkari snubs sushmalast updated: 28 may, 2011new delhi, may 28, (pti): 20:10 istwith her remarks on arun jaitley regarding reddy brothers threatening to snowball into a major row, bjp president nitin gadkari today stepped in to virtually snub sushma swaraj saying any debate on the choice of ministers in karnataka in the media is ''totally unnecessary''.
gadkari came out with a statement this evening after former party president rajnath singh and chief minister b s yeddyurappa claimed responsibility for inducting the controversial reddy brothers, mining magnates, into the state cabinet, from which swaraj had distanced herself.
swaraj, widely perceived to be close to the reddy brothers, had in an interview yesterday said it was jaitley, yeddyurappa, m venkaiah naidu and ananth kumar who had decided to induct janardhan and karunakar reddy into the cabinet.
the remarks, which brought to fore the differences in second generation leadership in the party, forced rajnath singh and yeddyurappa to claim responsibility for the induction of the reddy brothers.
while swaraj and jaitley kept mum on the issue, gadkari came out with a sharp statement which said there is absolutely no question of any individual or individuals influencing this process in any particular manner.
any debate about the choice of ministers in the karnataka government at this stage in the media is totally unnecessary, gadkari said.
this is the second time that gadkari appeared to openly snub swaraj for her public statements.
in the earlier instance, gadkari had differed with her when she said she was satisfied with prime minister manmohan singh's statement on the controversy surrounding appointment of p j thomas as cvc and the matter should be closed.
in today's statement, gadkari said bjp is a democratic party and always follows the democratic procedure of government-formation in states when it is returned to power.
the party leader is elected by the bjp legislature party in the presence of a team of central observers.
the chief minister, in exercise of his constitutional prerogative, forms his cabinet in consultation with the party's central and state leadership, gadkari said.
he maintained this practice was followed in karnataka as well.
it is the considered position of bjp that all our cabinet ministers in karnataka government are the unanimous choice of the party, both central as well as the state, and are equally capable and committed to providing good governance to the people of karnataka, gadkari said.
earlier, rajnath singh had denied there was any rift between swaraj and jaitley.
reports of a rift between sushma swaraj and arun jaitley are baseless.
this is true that arun was in-charge of karnataka.
i had sent him there as i was president (of bjp) during cabinet formation, singh said.
however, he said he took responsibility for all that happened in karnataka and nobody could be blamed for that.
the selection of ministers is also the chief minister's prerogative, he said.
bjp spokesperson ravishankarprasad prasad said swaraj had herself stated in the same interview that she and jaitley were in agreement on 95 to 99 per cent issues.
massive surge seen in public comments on net neutralitynew delhi, aug 14, 2015 (pti) 22:13 istwith the deadline for seeking comments on the net neutrality report is ending tomorrow, there has been a huge surge in public response on the consultation paper posted on mygov website following campaign by net activists.
till monday about 530 comments were seen on the paper.
however, by friday evening the number of comments surged to around 16,000.
we appealed people to raise their voice to protect freedom of internet today and we have seen good response.
aib (the stand-up comedy group) released a video on tube explaining people about net neutrality.
people have responded after seeing that video, save the internet volunteer nikhil pahwa told pti.
the government has placed the report of panel set up by telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad on net neutrality for public view on mygov website.
the government will firm up regulation after considering public opinion and telecom regulator trai's suggestions.
number of comments were just 700 in the morning.
in just a few hours they have crossed 15,000 despite erratic and slow wesbite.
i expect government will scale its infrastructure and allow more people to comment on it, pahwa said.
the telecom regulatory authority of india in april had received over 10 lakh comments on its paper over net neutrality with majority demanding implementation of ideal net neutrality.
net neutrality implies that equal treatment be accorded to all internet traffic and no priority be given to an entity or company based on payment to content or service providers such as telecom companies, which is seen as discriminatory.
the panel has proposed regulation of domestic calls on internet-based apps like skype, whatsapp and viber by putting them on par with services offered by telecom operator.
however, the committee suggested liberal approach to app-based international calls.
the pricing difference is around 12.
5 times in the case of a voice call and 16 times for messages between services offered by telecom operators and ott players, as per data put together by telecom regulator trai.
the debate picked up in india following telecom major bharti airtel announcing a plan to separately charge for voip calls separately at standard rates.
based on standard rates, usage of each gb of data for voip on 3g network would have costed about rs 4,000 and while the same on 2g network would cost about rs 10,000.
under schemes, airtel was then selling 1gb of 3g data for rs 249 and 1 gb of 2g internet for rs 175.
the company withdrew separate charge plan following protest from public.
the debate further heated up after airtel launched a zero rating platform which allowed free access of those websites who paid for joining the platform.
new delhi, march 25, 2015, dhns: 1:48 istwelcoming the supreme courts judgement striking down section 66 (a) of the it act, information and technology minister ravishankarprasad prasad said though the nda government had defended the constitutional validity of section 66(a) of it act before the apex court, the present dispensation took a stand that was different from that of the previous upa government.
prasad told reporters here that if the security establishment feels that there is need to consider certain aspects in the light of the order, these shall be considered in a proper structured way with due safeguards so that the constitutional rights are not frustrated.
there can be no parallel of our stand on this matter with that of the previous upa regime.
we have in writing confirmed that we stand for freedom of speech and expression, while the previous upa government tried to make this law an instrument to curb dissent, satire and anything else which did not suit it, he said.
when the upa government came out with draconian provisions under 66(a), the bjp opposed it saying it can not be acceptable, he said.
prasad said after detailed discussions, the government had filed an affidavit before the sc making its stand clear that it respects the freedom of speech and expression.
the government said it had conveyed a request to the court that government is willing to come out with additional, more stringent guidelines so as to prevent abuse of section 66a of the act which allows arrest of a person for posting allegedly offensive content on websites.
asked how the government would ensure regulation in the light of the sc judgement, prasad said: if something is really offensive of national security needs surely there is a process and law.
the court has laid down guidelines under section 79, he added.
i am a supporter of self-regulation by boththose who post and those who allow that platform to be posted, the minister said.
rs adjourned till noon following oppn-bjp spatnew delhi, jul 24, 2015, pti: 12:17 istheated exchanges between treasury benches and the congress today forced adjournment of the rajya sabha till noon as the opposition stuck to its demand for the resignation of external affairs minister sushma swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhra raje for allegedly supporting controversial ipl head lalit modi.
the bjp and congress members clashed after leader of the opposition ghulam nabi azad blamed the ruling party for being a stumbling block in the functioning of parliament.
as the treasury benches led by union ministers ravishankarprasad prasad and piyush goyal protested and blamed opposition for the stalemate, congress members too angrily reacted by moving into aisles and shouting slogans.
sensing trouble, deputy chairman p j kurien adjourned the house till 1200 hours.
earlier, soon after papers were laid on the table, pramod tiwari (cong) rose to say he had given notice under rule 267 seeking suspension of business to discuss alleged corruption in rajasthan and swaraj for allegedly trying to help fugitive modi.
he sought to know if the government has decided that both the leaders, who are in the dock, will resign, provoking the ruling party members who attacked tiwari and demanded that a discussion be immediately taken up.
sharad yadav (jd-u) said it was unprecedented that the ruling party today sat on a dharna.
ruling party world over have not sat on dharna .
.
.
who are they asking (for help)?
is it the almighty, he said mockingly.
all through, the ruling side continued to shout back at the opposition leaders, prompting kurien to remark why is treasury benches creating problem?
following this, azad said it is the ruling party which has become stumbling block (in funtioning of house).
bjp members protested this remark and were promptly countered by the opposition members.
amidst the ruckus, kurien adjourned the house.
govt discontinues stamps of rajiv, indira gandhinew delhi, sep 15, 2015 (pti) 20:15 istgovernment has decided to discontinue stamps of former prime ministers, rajiv and indira gandhi, under the new definitive theme of postal stamps.
the nda government has replaced builders of modern india theme, which included stamps of indira and rajiv gandhi, with makers of india theme.
however, stamps of jawaharlal nehru, mahatma gandhi, b r ambedkar and mother teresa have been retained.
the new definitive theme, which means stamps for regular services, brings in host of eminent personalities like shyama prasad mukherjee, deen dayal upadhyay, netaji subhash chandra bose, sardar vallabhbhai patel, shivaji, maulana azad, bhagat singh, jayaprakash narayan, ram manohar lohia, vivekananda and maharana pratap.
earlier, commemorative stamps, which are limited in numbers, of most of these personalities were issued and some were also made available for regular use.
it is a routine process.
addition and subtraction of stamps is done based on the theme, an official spokesperson told pti.
earlier this month, communications minister ravishankarprasad prasad had said that he has directed postal departments to make available stamps of prominent personalities for regular use across post offices in the country.
in our government, looking at country will not be a family.
ideology may be different but will honour everyone, prasad had said.
stamps of homi j bhabha, jrd tata, c v raman, satyajit ray have also been discontinued under the new theme.
the stamps of the new theme are under print and expected to be available across post offices within a month.
the stock of old theme is still available and will be there under it gets exhausted, a government official said.
stamps of bal gangadhar tilak, rajendra prasad, srinivasa ramanujan, rabindranath tagore, subramania bharati, bhimsen joshi, m s subbulakshmi and bismillah khan will also be made available for regular use.
bjp promises action against bsy, if proved guiltylast updated: 09 june, 2011bangalore, jun 9, dhns: 0:03 istsenior bjp senior leader ravishankarprasad prasad has said if chief minister bs yeddyurappa was found guilty in the lokayukta report, the bjp high command would initiate disciplinary action against him.
prasad was speaking to reporters in the city on thursday.
he, however, said the allegations against yeddyurappa were yet to be proven, when asked about the central bjps silence over the alleged corruption in karnataka, as opposed to its clamour against the upa government.
prasad said the state party unit had to pull up its socks and work harder to boost the partys image.
he said though the state unit had been doing its bit, it had attracted a lot of criticism from opposition parties over issues pertaining to corruption and illegal mining.
noteworthy progressthe bjp leader, however, said the yeddyurappa-led government had made noteworthy progress in fields like e-governance, which had also won the centres appreciation.
trying to downplay senior bjp leader l k advanis recent remarks on the bjp leadership in karnataka, prasad said the government had paid heed to advanis remarks by taking adequate measures.
the bjp will begin a nationwide campaign against the upa government for unceremoniously evicting yoga guru baba ramdev during his fast at the ramlila maidan in new delhi, from june 23 to 26.
nda did away with upa's 'jhooth, loot ki sarkarnew delhi, may 21 (pti) 16:57 istdays ahead of marking its first year in office, nda government today strongly rebutted the opposition's charge that it was anti-poor and asserted that the narendra modi dispensation believed in growth and social justice and had ended crony capitalism which was rife under upa's tenure.
telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad said brokers are no longer seen in the corridors of government offices since the bjp-led government entered office about a year ago while claiming that they had called the shots under upa rule when party leaders sent chits to ministers to influence decision- making.
taking part in an event organised by news channel aaj tak, senior congress leader ghulam nabi azad accused the government of self-glorification and said it gave an impression that whatever it was doing, including the foreign tours of the prime minister, was happening for the first time.
noting that not a single union minister had attended the function to mark the death anniversary of former prime minister rajiv gandhi, the leader of opposition in rajya sabha termed it shameful.
asked if modi allowed ministers a say in the cabinet and in their functioning, chemicals and fertilisers minister ananth kumar said nothing could be further from the truth than the accusation that the prime minister centralised powers.
kumar insisted that modi encourages them to come up with new ideas and discuss issues thoroughly.
trying to turn the tables on the congress over its suit boot ki sarkar jibe at the government, kumar said the upa dispensation was a jhooth, loot ki sarkar (government of lies and loot) while bjp rule was scam-free and honest.
pointing at social security schemes launched by the centre, he said the opposition's propaganda that nda was anti- farmer was an attempt to spread disinformation and its impact was superficial.
at the ground level, people are with the policies of the modi government, he said.
prasad said the government would be setting up call centres in smaller towns like bhagalpur, deoria and chhapra to provide employment to youths.
this country has seen politics over giving away 'roti' to people (poor) but not how to increase the number of rotis.
this is what we are trying to do so that rotis can be distributed easily, he said, adding, we need investment as well as social justice.
delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal on friday publicly sacked food minister asim ahmed khan for allegedly demanding rs.6 lakh in bribe from a builder.
announcing this at a hurriedly called press conference where he played an audio tape of a conversation purportedly involving the builder, khan and a middleman, kejriwal said he won't tolerate corruption.
the aam aadmi party (aap) leader said the case was being referred to the central bureau of investigation (cbi).
we won't tolerate any corruption, even if it is by our ministers or legislators, said kejriwal, flanked by deputy chief minister manish sisodia and official spokesman nagendar sharma.
i'll not spare any minister, any legislator, even my son or even manish.
strict action will be taken against anyone involved in corruption.
and sisodia must not spare him (kejriwal) if he (chief minister) himself indulged in corruption, the aap chief said.
i am sad to take this decision, he said.
till the cbi completes the investigation, he (khan) will not be a minister.
aap legislator imran hussain will replace khan in the delhi cabinet.
kejriwal began his press conference by saying that the aap was born from an anti-corruption movement.
we were forced to contest elections.
.
.
people trust us only because of our honest politics and anti-corruption stand.
we had dreamt of a corruption free india.
and we had said we will not compromise on corruption at any cost.
still keeping the media guessing, kejriwal said the step we are going to take is a solid step -- and he then announced khan's sacking.
he said an audio tape given to him on thursday established the claim of the complainant that the minister demanded rs.6 lakh from the builder for allowing illegal construction in his matia mahal constituency in old delhi.
prima facie it seems the matter is serious.
.
.
we cannot tolerate this.
he underlined that this was a decision of the aap government, and that the media did not unearth this episode.
kejriwal went on to demand that prime minister narendra modi should similarly sack madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan, who is linked to a recruitment scandal.
khan is the second minister to bow out of the aap government in disgrace.
then law minister jitender singh tomar resigned under pressure in june after being arrested for allegedly faking his educational degree.
if we can remove our minister, then we can take action against anyone, kejriwal said on friday.
the bharatiya janata party (bjp), the only opposition in the delhi assembly where the aap has 67 of the 70 seats, and the congress made light of the minister's sacking.
sometimes kejriwal fights with (delhi's lt governor) najeeb jung, sometimes with pm (narendra modi), sometimes with (home minister) rajnath singh, and sometimes with his own people, said bjp leader ravishankarprasad prasad.
let his stories of fights be left to him, he said.
congress spokesperson r.p.n. singh added: this is the situation when there is no lokpal in delhi.
imagine if there was one, the whole cabinet would have to resign.
second term for khanduri as cmlast updated: 10 september, 2011new delhi, sep 10 , dhns 0:29 istin a move to clean the partys image in the poll-bound state, former uttarakhand chief minister b c khanduri will replace the incumbent ramesh pokhriyal nishank, the bhartiya janata party (bjp) announced here on saturday.
the decision to remove nishank was taken by the party in the wake of a series of charges of corruption facing its government in the state, which goes to the polls later this year.
keeping in view the forthcoming elections in uttarakhand, the bjp has decided for a change of leadership in uttarakhand.
b c khanduri will be the new chief minister of the state.
the decision will be endorsed by the party mlas at a meeting in dehradun tomorrow,party president nitin gadkari said after a four-hour long meeting with nishank and other senior party leaders.
gadkari said that it was conveyed to nishank that the party wanted a change of leadership in the state in view of the elections.
bjp general secretary and chief spokesperson ravishankarprasad prasad will be the central observer during the meeting of mlas for finalising khanduri's name.
on the charges against nishank, the party president maintained, there have been some allegations in the media that there are cases of corruption against him.
the party wants to make it clear that there are no charges against him.
the only reason for the change was the forthcoming polls, he insisted.
new delhi, dec 21, 2015, (pti): 16:04 istcutting across party lines, lawmakers today sought the passage of the amendments to the juvenile justice act at the earliest amidst the clamour over the release of the juvenile convict in the december 16 gangrape case even as bjp and congress traded charges over the delay in clearing of the legislation.
following the supreme court's dismissal of a plea against the release of the juvenile offender, the focus has shifted to the proposed amendments and union minister ravishankarprasad prasad said that the government is ready and very keen to pass this juvenile bill.
we are ready to bring supplementary agenda for this today itself, he said outside parliament.
targeting congress, he added that the bill has been thrice listed in the past for consideration and passage in rajya sabha; however, the house has not been able to run.
because of the opposition, particularly congress, the bill till date has not been passed.
there is concern and outrage in the country, he said while urging the party to facilitate the passage of the bill.
i would appeal to congress to please help in getting the bill passed.
i hope it will cooperate, said prasad.
tmc leader derek o'brien said the various parties should rise above politics and allow the passage of the bill.
the nation wants this bill passed.
in the next two days, parties should rise above politics and pass this bill.
i appeal to the congress party for it, he said.
o'brien asked the government to list the bill as soon as possible, saying that would allow a detailed discussion on the proposed amendments, including the provision allowing for children between 16-18 years to be tried as adults in cases of heinous crime.
we want the government to list this bill as soon as possible.
it should be listed today or tomorrow.
we should discuss this bill for 4-5 hours, move the amendments and pass it before wednesday.
no deliberate delaying tactics on this, the issue is very serious, he said.
but stating that the nirbhaya accused will not be affected even if it (the bill) is passed, congress leader pramod tiwary charged that the government is guilty for the release of the accused and of not being able to pass the bill.
union minister uma bharati said she will appeal to congress president sonia gandhi to allow passage of the bill in the interest of the girls in the country.
i would also tell nirbhaya's parents that the court decision was within the criminal law of the country.
we have to change the law and we are ready to do so.
this is an issue of concern for the country that because he was not 18 years old, he went free, she said.
union minister prakash javadekar blamed the congress for obstructing legislative business and echoed his party colleague prasad in stating that the government had listed the bill, which has already been passed by lok sabha, thrice in rajya sabha during the ongoing session.
there is an obvious anger in the country against the release of the juvenile accused in the nirbhaya case.
the bill was listed three times, but the is congress not allowing the session to work and justice is not being delivered to nirbhaya, he said.
the government is sensitive and has placed the bill before the house.
.
.
but congress was in disruption mode.
we have already shown our willingness and are ready to list it in the supplementary agenda today if they want to pass it.
but they do not want to pass it, they want to disrupt only, he further charged.
cpi(m) leader brinda karat explained that even if the amendments to the act were passed, the new provisions would not apply retrospectively to the juvenile convict in the december 16 gangrape case.
it's wrong thinking that if the amendments in the juvenile justice act are effected then all cases in previous years would be reopened.
the amendments will be discussed by the select committee of rajya sabha, she said questioning those who offered wrong assurances to the parents of the victim in the december 16 case.
congress mp renuka chowdhury wondered who would be held responsible if the convict, who was released and sent to an ngo yesterday, commits an offence in the future.
it's not enough to just say that he was released as per the law.
who will be responsible if he takes any step in future?
she asked.
sp leader ramgopal yadav blamed politics for the delay in the passage of the bill.
the same bill has been listed thrice in the house.
but who has not allowed the bill to pass?
those who are not allowing it to be passed should be blamed for it (release of the juvenile convict), he said.
he added, meanwhile, that probably the bill is coming tomorrow.
when it will come it will be passed.
centre hopeful of resolving h-1b visa rowfeb 11, 2017, new delhi,dhns 0:55 istindia is hopeful of finding a solution soon to the concerns of tech firms regarding a possible clampdown on work visa programmes such as h-1b by the us administration, it minister ravishankarprasad prasad said.
i have also spoken to infosys founder n r narayanmurthy and nasscom president r chandrasekhar and representatives of other it related bodies.
we are closely working with the external affairs ministry to address the it companies concerns, he said.
the government has conveyed the concerns of it sector in right quarters of the us administration, but local companies need to present their contribution in more cogent way, the minister said.
govt to release stamp commemorating mahant avaidyanathnew delhi, sep 28, 2015 (pti) 20:53 istlate mahant avaidyanath, a former bjp mp who had played a leading role in the movement for ram temple in ayodhya, will get a postal stamp issued in his memory soon.
a stamp is being released to mark the first death anniversary of avaidyanath, who was also father and guru of sitting bjp mp from gorakhpur yogi adityanath.
he died last year in september at the age of 95.
avaidyanath was elected to the lok sabha from gorakhpur for four times.
he was the chief priest of gorakhnath temple.
according to an official in the communications ministry, the stamp will be released this week.
a new stamp on dr b r ambedkar to commemorate his 125th birth anniversary will also be released, the official said.
a controversy had erupted earlier this month after the government decided to discontinue the stamps of indira gandhi and rajiv gandhi.
defending the government's move, communications and it minister ravishankarprasad prasad had said the decision was taken on the advice of the philately advisory committee (pac) and that earlier the focus was on one family.
centre fixes 3g rate, eyes rs 1 lakh crnew delhi, jan 29, 2015, dhns: 2:20 istaiming to garner rs 1 lakh crore from sale of spectrum, the government on wednesday fixed the base price for 3g auction at rs 3,705 crore per mega hertz.
the union cabinet, headed by prime minister narendra modi, approved the minimum or auction start price for airwaves in 2,100 mega-hertz band or 3g spectrum, which will garner at least rs 17,555 crore, telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad said here after the meeting.
along with the spectrum in 2,100 mhz band, which is used to offer 3g services, the government will also offer the second generation or 2g mobile airwaves in three different bands in an auction scheduled for march 4.
the auction of these 2g and 3g airwaves could garner rs 82,395 crore at the base or minimum price, sources said.
the government expects the total proceeds to exceed rs 1 lakh crore with possible intense bidding by telecom firms.
earlier, it had approved reserve price for auction of 2g spectrum in 800 mhz, 900 mhz and 1800 mhz bands that at the minimum rate set would get the government rs 64,840 crore.
of these, the government will get rs 16,000 crore from 2g spectrum sale and rs 5,793 crore on 3g airwaves this fiscal and the remainder will flow in later.
this time the reserve price is rs 3,705 crore per mhz for 2100 mhz.
we have taken into account the market potential of this band, he said.
according to sources, the combined proceeds from auction of all the four bands are estimated by the government at over rs 1,00,000 crore making it the biggest ever spectrum sale.
the cabinet had earlier approved a base price of rs 3,646 crore pan-india per mhz in 800 mhz, rs 3,980 crore for 900 mhz band pan india excluding delhi, mumbai, kolkata and j&k and rs 2,191 crore pan india (excluding maharashtra and west bengal) in 1800 mhz band.
prasad said that in 2010 auction of 3g airwaves, rs 700 crore per mhz was determined as the reserve price and in the auction, the government earned rs 3,350 crore per mhz, which was almost eight times the price.
the minister also assured that sufficient radio waves will be made available for the auction.
oppn targets govt in ls on 'call drops'new delhi, feb 24, 2016, pti: 14:16 ista combined opposition today targeted the government on the issue of call drops saying the problem continued unabated despite efforts, as the government maintained that stringent measures have been put in place to check the problem at the earliest.
responding to a volley of questions in the lok sabha, telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad said nearly 65,000 bts (base transceiver stations) have been set up across country, including delhi, in four months time.
he said during question hour that telecom regulator trai has also proposed punitive provisions which have been challenged in the courts.
responding to a question on poor 3g services in parliament house complex, he said while extending facilities in and around the complex, the heritage nature of the main building has to be kept in mind, along with security considerations.
speaker sumitra mahajan told the minister that he was free not to answer questions on the subject as the main question was regarding 4g services.
responding to posers on the state of bsnl and mtnl, prasad said a debate should be held in the house on how the two state-owned operators became loss-making entities under the the previous upa government.
he said things are changing now and the two companies are on the verge of a turnaround.
prasad also said by march 2016, wi-fi facility will be provided at 2,500 spots in the country.
sugata bose (tmc) said his official residence here has been provided with a new internet connection which lacks security.
when he raised the issue of an unsecure connection with mtnl, he was told that an ahmedabad-based company, sangvi, has been sub-contracted to provide net facilities.
he claimed the company lacked credentials.
prasad promised to look into the matter.
oppn disrupts pre-noon sitting of rs on conversion issuenew delhi, dec 16, 2014, (pti) 12:14 ista determined opposition led by congress and sp today forced two adjournments in rajya sabha in the pre-noon session over its demand for prime minister narendra modi's reply on the issue of forced conversion.
barring tamil nadu parties, the entire opposition raised slogans and stormed into the well, forcing deputy chairman p j kurien to adjourn the house first for 15 minutes and then till noon.
as soon as the house met for the day, sitaram yechury (cpi-m) said the government had yesterday stated that there was no order asking schools to remain open on christmas day for an essay competition on 'good governance' to mark former prime minister atal bihari vajpayee's birthday.
he said he had a copy of the circular issued to schools and wanted it to be placed on the table of the house.
soon congress, sp, bsp, jd-u and tmc members joined in to raise statements by ministers and ruling party mps, which the opposition members contended were vitiating the communal atmosphere.
they trooped into the well shouting slogans dharam ka sauda band ko (stop selling religion) and demanding a reply from the prime minister.
treasury benches objected to repeated disruptions with minister of state for parliamentary affairs mukhtar abbas naqvi saying the government was ready for an immediate debate on the issue but the opposition was running away from it.
attempts by kurien to restore order failed, forcing the first adjournment for 15 minutes.
similar scenes were witnessed when the house resembled.
kurien asked naresh agarwal (sp), who had given a notice, to speak but as soon as he began to make his submission, treasury benches shouted him down.
this led to opposition members trooping into the well shouting slogans.
telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad said the government was ready for a debate but the opposition was running away.
the protest, he said, was politically motivated.
kurien told the slogan shouting members that parliament was not for slogan shouting but for debate.
government is ready for discussion.
why don't you agree for a discussion, he said but the members kept shouting.
very unfortunate.
i am so disappointed at unruly behaviour of members.
you are elected to the house not to shout slogans but to debate and discuss.
.
.
this is height of indiscipline.
.
.
unbecoming behaviour, he said.
he asked agarwal and anand sharma (cong) to call back their party members but none heeded to his pleas, forcing him to adjourn the proceedings till noon.
shah talks parl strategy with bjp ministers as raj, mp cm come callingnew delhi, july 19, 2015, (pti) 14:14 istahead of the monsoon session, bjp chief amit shah today discussed with senior union ministers the strategy to counter the opposition in parliament and is also meeting party chief ministers vasundhara raje and shivraj singh chouhan, both of whom are facing controversy.
rajasthan chief minister raje, whose alleged involvement in the lalit modi row has seen her being targeted by congress, and her madhya pradesh counterpart, who is under attack over the vyapam scam, will be presenting their side of the story to the party so that the government can effectively deal with the opposition, sources said.
external affairs minister sushma swaraj, finance minister arun jaitley and information and technology minister ravishankarprasad prasad were among those who met shah.
chouhan is also likely to meet prime minister narendra modi later in the day.
congress has sought resignations of both chouhan and raje.
it has also demanded that swaraj quit for helping former ipl boss lalit modi.
the monsoon session of parliament, which begins tuesday, is set to be a stormy one as congress and several other opposition parties appeared to be closing ranks to corner the government on a range of issues, including the vyapam scam and lalit modi controversy.
apart from pressing for the removal of union ministers swaraj and smriti irani, opposition parties have indicated that they would raise the issue of scams and controversies allegedly involving bjp chief ministers -- chouhan, raje and raman singh of chhattisgarh and demand their resignations.
kumaraswamy flayedlast updated: 12 april, 2011new delhi, april 11, pti: 0:43 istjd(s) leader h d kumaraswamys remarks that mahatma gandhi would have turned corrupt in the present day politics on monday drew sharp reaction from leaders including gandhian anna hazare, who wondered how the country could eliminate corruption if leaders talk like this.
if our leaders are talking like this, how are you going to root out corruption, 73-year-old hazare, who successfully led the agitation on the lokpal bill issue, said.
finance minister pranab mukherjee described as meaningless utterances comments by the jd(s) leader.
no, i will not comment.
it is a meaningless utterance and i will not give (my) reaction to it, mukherjee said in kolkata.
taking a dig at kumaraswamy, senior bjp leader ravishankarprasad prasad asked what else can you except from mr kumaraswamy?
nothing better.
however, kumaraswamy said that he has been misquoted.
clarifying that no politician can survive by his or her money in view of the cost of the day to day political activities, he said i have not told even if mahatma gandhiji, if he was alive at this moment, and, if he was in politics, even he would have (become) corrupt.
that is not the word i said.
bjp to clarify stand on bihar in housenew delhi, feb 09, 2015, dhns: 2:18 ista day after rebel chief minister jitan ram manjhi met the prime minister, the bharatiya janata party (bjp) on monday changed its political strategy on bihar crisis.
the bjp said it would reveal its stand on the floor of vidhan sabha if manjhi was asked to prove his strength.
till sunday, senior leaders from bihar including union minister ravishankarprasad prasad were seeking early assembly elections, which otherwise would be due in six months, for providing a stable government to people.
sources said the party would assess how much mlas manjhi managed to bring to his side before taking a call on its future move, indicating a correction in its approach.
many bjp leaders want the assembly to complete full term to implement development schemes in their constituencies before facing polls.
rs proceedings stalled by cong protestsnew delhi, dec 10, 2015, (pti) 15:57 istrelentless protests by congress members over its vendetta politics charge against the government in the 'national herald' case virtually stalled rajya sabha proceedings today, taking a toll of both the zero hour and the question hour.
the upper house saw repeated adjournments in the pre- lunch session with congress members trooping into the well raising slogans against the government and the prime minister.
the house was adjourned five times - twice each during zero hour and the question hour and once after it reassembled at 2 pm, as the government charged the main opposition party with holding the house 'hostage'.
while congress members continued to raise anti-government slogans from the well, aiadmk members also moved into the aisles in the morning demanding that the devastation caused by the chennai floods be declared a national calamity.
the noisy scenes first forced deputy chairman p j kurien to adjourn the house till 1130 hours and then again till noon.
kurien also got the listed papers of the day laid on the table and then called for zero hour mentions, as noisy scenes continued.
minister of state for parliamentary affairs mukhtar abbas naqvi raised a point of order objecting to the opposition members' behaviour.
ministers are sitting in the house to answer questions of members.
if some members are not seeking to ask questions, why other members are being prevented from doing so.
some people cannot hold the house to ransom.
unfortunately, some people are taking this house hostage.
the house needs your protection, he told chairman hamid ansari.
as unrelenting congress members continued their noisy protest, ansari adjourned the proceedings till 2 pm.
similar scenes were witnessed when the house reassembled, forcing its adjournment till 3 pm.
earlier in the day, chairman hamid ansari read out a message on the anniversary of adoption of the universal declaration of human rights by the un.
but soon thereafter, congress members stormed the well raising slogans like modi teri tanashahi nahi chalegi (prime minister's authoritarianism will not be tolerated).
in the din, health minister j p nadda said the government was ready for a discussion on the issue and wanted it to be initiated immediately.
kurien asked members to return to their seats and start discussion but no one heeded to his pleas.
similar scenes were witnessed when the house reassembled.
bjp members were also on their feet, as telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad reiterated that the government was ready for discussion on all issues.
we are ready for a debate on all the issues, including the national herald case and himachal pradesh chief minister's issue.
we are ready for a debate right away.
why is parliament not allowed to function.
.
.
they are running away from debate.
start discussion on.
.
.
on all issues, he said amid din.
when the house assembled at 2 pm, naresh agrawal (sp), who was to speak on the whistle blowers protection (amendment) bill, cited the absence of a cabinet minister in the house but union minister thawar chand gehlot was present.
but by then congress members trooped into the well raising slogans, with agrawal requesting the chair to first bring the house in order for him to speak.
naqvi said since the discussion has already started so he should start speaking on the bill.
in the meanwhile, anubhav mohanty (bjd) raised the issue of polvaram alleging that the government has become a party to it instead of playing the role of an arbitrator.
my state of odisha is agitated.
this is a social issue not a political issue, he said, demanding that there should be no polavaram before the supreme court decision and asked the government to withdraw its decision on it.
he also soought an immediate assurance from the centre that there will no polavaram till the supreme court decided on the issue.
bjd has been resisting the decision to hike the proposed dam's height saying it was done without taking the odisha and chhattisgarh governments into confidence.
as congress members kept shouting slogans from the well, a visibly exasperated deputy chairman p j kurien said he is helpless.
you help me.
i will be very grateful for that.
nobody is helping me, he said.
citing parliament rules, naqvi asked the chair that those making noise in the house should be sent outside.
rules will help you.
please send them outside and give them leave, those who are making noise here, so that they can introspect on how they are harming national interest.
let them shout at jantar mantar or sit at dharna at gandhi samadhi.
some good sense could prevail on them after that.
no charcha (debate), only kharcha (expenditure).
common man is being burdened.
development and reforms have been stalled for their own political interest.
the house needs the chair's protection.
the chairman should use his authority to protect the interests of the house, naqvi said.
however, congress members kept on shouting saying no loudly.
kurien said that such howling is not good.
as the din continued, he adjourned the house till 3 pm.
govt to help judiciary to reduce pendency of cases: pmallahabad, apr 2, 2017, (pti) 14:54 istpm modi at closing ceremony of allahabad hc's 150th year celebrations.
aniprime minister narendra modi today assured chief justice j s khehar that his government will make all efforts to back his resolve to reduce burden on the judiciary and pendency of cases.
i assure the chief justice that government will back his 'sankalp' (resolve) to bring down the burden on the judiciary and reduce pendency of cases, he said in his address at the sesquicentennial celebrations marking 150 years of the allahabad high court.
noting that he felt that there was an element of pain in the speech of justice khehar, modi said the government had done away with 1200 old laws to find a way out of the maze of the statues and also help the judiciary in modernising the system.
he asked the people working on startups to bring about innovations to strengthen the judicial system.
the prime minister lauded the steps being taken by the chief justice to make use of technology in simplifying the working in the courts and bring about qualitative change.
modi also said video conferencing should be used for deposition made in courts by those facing trial, the witnesses and officials to prevent wastage of time and money.
he appealed to the judiciary, the government and the people to make 2022, the 75th year of independence, a target year to take the country to greater heights.
earlier addressing the gathering, justice khehar raise the issue of pendency of cases in courts including the supreme court and said he was taking steps to reduce the burden on the judiciary.
he asked the judges to consider sitting in courts for five days during vacation to clear at least 10 cases each day and bring down the pendency.
this way thousands of small matters like matrimonial disputes and mediation cases can be settled and arrears of cases brought down he said and referred to a system of court management under which pendency of cases in malaysia had been brought down to one-fifth.
he said he proposes to have three constitution benches during this summer vacation to help reduce the arrears in the apex court.
on the issue of simplification of procedure, justice khehar said he is making efforts to make the system paperless in the supreme court in a month or so.
the gathering was attended by up and west bengal governors ram naik and k n tripathi, union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad, up chief minister yogi adtiyanath, allahabad high court cji dilip b bhosale and members from the legal fraternity.
oppn continues ruckus forcing two adjournments of rsnew delhi, jul 31 , 2015, pti: 13:48 istthe stalemate in rajya sabha continued today with opposition congress remaining adamant on its demand for resignation of external affairs minister sushma swaraj and madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan and the government outrightly rejecting it.
the upper house witnessed uproarious scenes with opposition and treasury benches trading charges against each other, leading to two adjournments during the zero hour and the question hour.
soon after the house assembled for the day and obituary references were made, congress members stood in the aisle and raised slogans seeking action against swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje for allegedly helping controversial former ipl head lalit modi and chouhan for the vyapam scam, forcing deputy chairman p j kurien to adjourn the house till noon.
similar scenes were witnessed when the house met again for the question hour as there was no let up in the congress demand for the resignations, with the government slamming them for making baseless allegations and making it clear that there was no question of agreeing to their demands.
leader of opposition ghulam nabi azad moved a motion that proceedings of the house be adjourned and prime minister narendra modi should come to the house and tell what action he has taken to ensure the resignation of madhya pradesh chief minister in the vyapam scam.
the business of the house should be adjourned and the prime minister should come to the house and tell us what action he has taken for resignation of madhya pradesh chief minister in the vyapam scam.
if prime minister comes and announces resignation, then we will listen, he said.
rejecting the demand, minister of state for parliamentary affairs mukhtar abbas naqvi said the opposition members were disrupting the proceedings every day on the same issue even though the government has made it clear that it was ready for a discussion.
but nobody will resign, we have said it many times.
modi government will not act on baseless allegations, naqvi said.
government has been saying from the very beginning that there will be no resignation.
this government is not functioning to oblige you.
we are ready for a discussion.
you are running away from a debate, he said.
you are trying to hurt the country's progress and development and people will teach you a lesson, the minister said, leading to sharp exchanges between the two sides.
soon, congress members entered the well and created uproar, chairman ansari adjourned the house till 1 pm.
when the house reassembled, the house was adjourned for the third time till 2.
30 pm.
azad recalled that in the narasimha rao government when he was parliamentary affairs minister, the opposition had demanded the resignation of then foreign minister and he had apprised the prime minister about it and the minister had resigned.
i told the prime minister about the opposition demand, the foreign minister resigned and we announced the same in parliament, he said, recalling that atal behari vajpayee was then the leader of opposition.
when chairman hamid ansari tried to take up the question hour, unrelenting congress members kept shouting slogans demanding the resignation of swaraj, raje and chouhan.
raising the issue, congress leader anand sharma said the opposition demand has consistent but it has got no reply from the government on the points he has been raising.
soon after the house mourned death of its former member sarada mohanty and papers were laid on the table, kurien said he has received four notices for suspension of business to take up discussion.
earlier also i agreed to suspend business (on similar notice) but the motion was not moved.
what is the point, he said and asked congress members if they were ready to move the motion today.
sharma said while the motions of past are past, the motions moved today were independent motions.
the motions seek a response from prime minister to our demand for accountability and action.
we are within our right to move the motion and demand action, he said, adding the government has not agreed to congress party's demand.
telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad said leader of the house and finance minister arun jaitley as well as other ministers have already stated that the government was ready for a discussion and it should start immediately.
please start discussion immediately, he said, accusing the opposition of running away from discussion.
to this, sharma said prasad was suffering from selective loss of memory.
.
.
we want tangible proposition (on the demands).
kurien said the motion demands discussion on the vyapam scam and prime minister's response to it while fixing responsibility.
they (government) are ready for it, he said.
but the congress members were not satisfied moving into aisle shouting slogans demanding resignations first.
pehle istifa do (first resign), they shouted.
amid the din, kurien adjourned the house till 1200 hours.
when the house met at 1 pm, minister of state for railways manoj sinha made a statement correcting an answer to a question given on april 24 on irctc to emulate online shopping portals.
after the minister's corrected his statement, sitaram yechury (cpi-m) said this should not become a practice.
if corrections are there, they have to come to the house, chairman ansari, however, said, as he adjourned the house till 2.
30 pm.
'hindu terrorism': bjp rakes up rahul's 2010 remarks to up the antenew delhi, aug 1, 2015 (pti) 18:29 istbjp today fired yet another salvo at congress over the issue of 'hindu terrorism' as it raked up reported comments of rahul gandhi in 2010 when he had said radicalised hindu groups might be bigger threat than the local support for terrorist group lashkar-e-taiba.
bjp leader and union minister ravishankarprasad prasad hit back at congress after leader of the opposition in rajya sabha ghulam nabi azad said home minister rajnath singh was trying to polarise society and divert attention from the government's failures by raking up the issue of 'hindu terrorism'.
azad had asserted that his party needed no lesson on terrorism from bjp and cited the sacrifice of former prime ministers indira gandhi and rajiv gandhi, both of whom were killed by terrorists.
congress party has not learnt right lessons (from these sacrifices).
had it done so, its flip-flop on terrorism would not have been there, prasad said, citing use of terms saffron terror and hindu terrorism by former home ministers p chidambaram and sushil shinde, besides gandhi's reported assertions.
prasad quoted a news report to claim that gandhi in a 2010 conversation with the then us ambassador had said there was evidence of some support for laskar-e-taiba among certain elements in india's indigenous muslim community, the bigger threat may be the growth of radicalised hindu groups, which create religious tensions and political confrontations with the muslim community.
the report was based on documents released by wikileaks.
terrorism had no religion and colour and bjp never uses the term 'muslim terror' but 'jihadi terror', prasad said, asking congress president sonia gandhi to clarify on the her son's comments.
does she support his comments?
prasad asked.
what singh has said is right and congress should disown these comments, he said.
bjp, however, declined to comments on the controversial tweets of tripura governor tathagata roy stating that intelligence agencies should keep a tab on people who assembled for the last rites of yakub memon, executed in the mumbai blasts case, as many of them could be potential terrorists.
he (roy) is holder of a constitutional post.
the question should be directed to him.
he is no longer a party member, prasad told reporters when asked about the tweets.
he also distanced bjp from comments of party leaders like varun gandhi and shatrughan sinha, the former opposing death penalty and the latter signing a petition against memon's hanging, saying the party does not share their views.
new delhi, dec 21, 2015 (pti) 21:48 istpressure today mounted on the government for securing the passage in the rajya sabha of the bill that seeks to lower the age defining juvenile from 18 to 16 years tomorrow itself.
on a day the supreme court rejected a plea against the release of juvenile offender in the december 16 gang-rape case, government said the amendments to juvenile justice act that will allow children between 16-18 years to be tried as adults in heinous crime cases will come up before rajya sabha tomorrow.
congress saw in this move brazen mischief by the government, alleging it was to defame the opposition and divert attention from ddca issue.
let them not do this mischief.
this is a total brazen mischief on the part of the government.
.
.
.
this is only to divert the attention of the opposition from raising other issues, about ddca, leader of opposition in rajya sabha ghulam nabi azad said after congress disrupted proceedings in both the houses demanding resignation of finance minister arun jaitley for alleged graft in delhi and district cricket association.
the juvenile justice amendment act has already been passed in the lok sabha.
later, after a meeting with leader of opposition in rajya sabha ghulam nabi azad, the victim's father badri singh pandey said the congress leader gave the assurance that the bill will come in the upper house tomorrow.
asked about the release of the convict, he said, now, it is not the right time to talk about him as he is a free man and there is no law to hold him back.
our fight is not only for us but for all the women and girls.
the victim's mother asha devi while stating that her fight against the system would continue demanded that the new juvenile law be passed by rajy sabha tomorrow itself, a stand which was also echoed by chairperson of delhi commission for women(dcw) swati maliwal.
union minister ravishankarprasad prasad said the government is ready and very keen to pass this juvenile bill, as a demand for expeditious passage was made in the rajya sabha.
parliament's winter session concludes on wednesday.
derek o'brien (tmc) said he has given a notice under rule 267 seeking suspension of business in the rajya sabha and taking up the juvenile justice (care and protection of children) act, 2014.
he said the house had only three days to go before end of the winter session and government's listed agenda includes commercial courts, arbitration and real estate bill.
the government has not even listed the juvenile bill for discussion and passing today, he said during zero hour.
it is incumbent upon the house to listen to what is going on outside, he said, asking the house to rise above politics.
it is not a perfect bill but let us list it and pass the bill, o'brien said.
minister of state for parliamentary affairs mukhtar abbas naqvi said the bill was listed on december 8, 10 and 11.
we have listed it for tomorrow, he said, adding if all agree the bill can be taken up for discussion today itself.
outside parliament, prasad targeted congress, saying the bill has been thrice listed in the past for consideration and passage in rajya sabha; however, the house has not been able to run.
o'brien asked parties to rise above politics and allow the passage of the bill.
the nation wants this bill passed.
in the next two days, parties should rise above politics and pass this bill.
i appeal to the congress party for it, he said.
union minister uma bharti said she will appeal to congress president sonia gandhi to allow passage of the bill in the interest of the girls in the country.
there is an obvious anger in the country against the release of the juvenile accused in the nirbhaya case.
the bill was listed three times, but the congress is not allowing the session to work and justice is not being delivered to nirbhaya, union minister prakash javadekar said.
sp leader ramgopal yadav blamed politics for the delay in the passage of the bill.
cpi(m) leader brinda karat explained that even if the amendments to the act were passed, the new provisions would not apply retrospectively to the juvenile convict in the gangrape case.
