by express news servicenew delhi: the group of ministers (gom) recently set-up to map out a revival plan for struggling state-run telecom majors bsnl and mtnl met on tuesday to discuss measures to help revive the ailing firms.
the high-powered gom is headed by union home minister amit shah and includes telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad and finance minister nirmala sitharaman, among others.
among the measures discussed was a voluntary retirement scheme (vrs) for employees to reduce the wage bills of the two telecom firms, sources said.
however, they were not aware of any final decision taken in the matter.
both firms have a large employee base, with wage costs taking out a significant chunk out of their revenues.
according to telecom minister prasad, the annual employee cost of bsnl is a whopping 75 per cent of its annual revenues, while the number is even higher at 87 per cent for mtnl.
this has made the two companies extremely uncompetitive vis-avis their private sector peers, who, according to prasad, have total employee costs ranging between just 2.
9-5 per cent of their total revenues.
this huge employee base, combined with intense market competition and increasing debt, has hit the margins of both firms hard.
bsnls net loss had increased to rs 13,804 crore in 2018-19 from a net loss of rs 7,992 crore the previous financial year.
the company has not posted an operating profit since 2007-08, with net losses accumulating to over rs 90,000 crore as of the end of 2018-19 with a total debt of over rs 13,000 crore.
mtnl has fared no better than its bigger counterpart, with its net loss increasing to rs 3,398 crore in 2018-19 from rs 2,971 crore in 2016-17.
both firms have also faced severe cash flow problems over last few quarters, with bsnl delaying salary payments several times.
in fact, the company had approached the government to help pay salaries in both march and june, stating that the gap between monthly revenues and expenses has reached to such a level that continuing operations would be nearly impossible without assistance.
employees protestthe gom meeting was held on the same day employee unions representing staff of both firms sat on a dharna seeking the immediate payment of pendingsalaries and a relief package for 2the sibling firms.
new delhi: high-end engine maker rolls-royce plans to triple its workforce at its research and development centre in india by the year-end and invest in startups working in areas like artificial intelligence and data analytics.
rolls-royce director benjamin robert story and rolls-royce india president kishore jayaraman today met union it minister ravishankarprasad prasad to express their interest in engaging with the 'digital india' initiative.
rolls-royce is planning to triple headcount at its bengaluru-based research and development centre by end of this year.
they are impressed with indian skilled talent and innovation of startups, an official told pti.
the official added the company expressed interest in indian startups working on artificial intelligence, machine learning technology and data analytics.
rolls-royce is looking to invest in indian startups.
they are bullish on digital india and want to engage more, the official said.
rolls-royce is a high-end engineering company focused on power and propulsion systems for civil and defence aircraft, marine vessels, nuclear submarines and other high-tech vehicles.
the firm entered india over 80 years ago with the powering of the first tata aviation aircraft.
its technology is used by 240 indian navy and coast guard vessels.
by ptinew delhi: a bill to criminalise muslim instant divorce practice of triple talaq remained stuck in rajya sabha in face of a combined opposition insisting that it be scrutinised by a select committee of the house.
the muslim women (protection of rights on marriage) bill, 2018, which was passed by lok sabha on december 27 last year, had come up for discussion just once in the subsequent seven sittings of the house but couldn't pass through the opposition muster.
rajya sabha did not discuss the bill before being adjourned sine die after the winter session was extended by a day.
read: lok sabha passes triple talaq bill, opposition walks outthis was to allow passage of a bill to provide 10 per cent reservation to the poor in the general category in government jobs and educational institutions.
the government had brought the bill before the rajya sabha on december 31 when it faced a united opposition demand for the legislation being sent to a select committee.
that day the proceedings of the house was adjourned for the day amid din over the issue.
it was listed on the agenda of each of the subsequent sittings of the house but was never taken up for consideration.
the ruling bjp-led nda does not have a majority in the rajya sabha and if the bill had been taken up, a resolution of the opposition parties for sending it to select committee would also have to be taken up.
the opposition resolution could potentially have gone through as aiadmk, tmc, ncp, and bjd supported the demand made by congress and tmc for the bill being scrutinised by the select committee.
nda commands a majority in lok sabha.
the government has the option of bringing the bill for consideration in the budget session that is likely to commence on january 31.
in case the bill is not taken up, it has an option to re-promulgate the ordinance.
as per rule, the government has to get parliament's approval for an ordinance within six months for it to become a law.
law minister ravishankarprasad prasad had previously stated that nearly 22 countries, including neighboring pakistan and bangladesh, have banned the practice.
congress says it is opposed to the three-year prison sentence for offenders and wants a parliamentary committee to discuss the issue to reach a consensus.
the supreme court had last year ruled as unconstitutional the divorce procedure known as triple talaq, in which a muslim man can instantly leave his wife by simply uttering the arabic word talaq - which means divorce - three times.
thereafter, the government in september 2018 promulgated an ordinance declaring triple talaq as illegal and void, that can be punishable with a jail term of three years for the husband.
most of the 18 crores muslims in india are sunnis governed by the muslim personal law for family matters and disputes.
these laws include the practice of triple talaq whereby men can divorce by simply saying talaq' three times -- and not necessarily consecutively, but at any time, and by any medium, including telephone, text message or social media post.
by iansnew delhi: facing flak for the misuse of its platform, whatsapp on monday launched its first-ever tv campaign in india as part of its efforts to address the challenge of misinformation and pernicious rumours.
the popular messaging platform earlier launched two phases of a radio campaign to create awareness among users.
the first phase of the campaign was kicked off on august 29 with ads across 46 radio stations of the all india radio (air) in states like bihar, jharkhand, madhya pradesh, chhattisgarh, rajasthan and uttar pradesh.
the second phase of the campaign started on september 5 with radio ads across 83 air radio stations in assam, tripura, west bengal, gujarat, karnataka, maharashtra, andhra pradesh and telangana, orissa and tamil nadu.
also read | maharashtra man killed over whatsapp postfor the tv campaign, whatsapp said it worked closely with filmmaker shirsha guha thakurta to develop three 60 second films that each convey real scenarios about dangerous rumours that can spread among users.
timed to start just prior to the assembly elections in rajasthan and telangana, the films will be available on tv, facebook and youtube in nine languages, the facebook-owned platform said, adding that it would build on this effort to prepare for the 2019 lok sabha polls.
we're humbled by the impact that whatsapp had on people's ability to freely connect with their loved ones.
we recognise at the same time connecting people can also lead to the spread of misinformation, which has to be confronted, said bosco zubiaga, who led production of these films for whatsapp.
the rumours spread on the popular messaging platform which has over 200 million users in india have been linked to several lynching incidents in the country, forcing the government to send a stern message to the company.
meeting whatsapp ceo chris daniels in august, union it minister ravishankarprasad prasad said that the platform must comply with the law and take suitable steps to prevent its misuse.
over the last several months, whatsapp has made a series of changes including labeling forwarded messages to inform users when they have received something not from their immediate contact and set a limit on how forwarded messages can be sent.
also read | whatsapp group admin arrested for 'anti-national' messages in uttar pradeshin addition, it bans accounts that engage in unwanted automated activity.
we hope this campaign will help educate people how to stay safe on whatsapp, zubiaga said.
each film's protagonist teaches someone important in their lives to not spread rumours and to use whatsapp controls such as the ability to leave groups where rumours are spread and block unknown senders.
by express news servicenew delhi: the bjp on friday sought an explanation from the congress on the purported remark by the leader of the opposition in the rajya sabha, ghulam nabi azad, that more civilians are being killed in the kashmir valley than militants.
union minister ravishankarprasad prasad, while slamming azad, asked upa chairperson sonia gandhi and congress president rahul gandhi to explain the remark, which he claimed was aimed at breaking the spirit of the army.
people supporting terrorism are happy to hear such remarks.
has the congress fallen to such a level?
its definitely not a stray remark, but a well thought out ideology spelt out by the congress leader, prasad told reporters at the bjp headquarters.
the bjp leader said azads remark was not only embarrassing but unfortunate and irresponsible.
the minister said that 110 militants were killed in 2014, when the bjp came to power at the centre, against 72 and 67 in 2012 and 2013, respectively.
as many as 108 in 2015, 150 in 2016 and 217 militants had been killed in the kashmir valley, while 75 of them have been neutralised so far in the current year, said prasad.
seeking to draw a parallel with the purported statement of congress leader saifuddin soz that kashmiris wanted independence, prasad said: they suggest that pakistans proxies find a place in the congress.
by ptipatna: union minister and lok janshakti party chief ram vilas paswan was on friday elected unopposed to the rajya sabha from bihar.
he was declared elected and the certificate was handed over to him, bateshwar nath pandey, the returning officer and secretary to bihar legislative assembly.
the certificate of election was given to him in presence of a host of senior nda leaders including deputy chief minister sushil kumar modi.
the lok janshakti party chief has been elected to the upper house in a by-poll necessitated by the resignation of his cabinet colleague ravishankarprasad prasad, who got elected to the lok sabha from the patna sahib seat in the general elections.
this is the second time that paswan, who began his political career as a sanyukt socialist party mla in the 1960s, has been elected to the rajya sabha.
his previous election to the upper house was in 2010 when he entered the parliament with support of his then ally the rjd a year after having lost his hajipur lok sabha seat.
he resigned from the rajya sabha in 2014, two years ahead of the expiry of his term, when he wrested back the hajipur contesting as an nda candidate.
paswan had announced his decision not to contest the lok sabha polls this time and to choose the rajya sabha route instead when the nda in bihar, comprising bjp, chief minister nitish kumar's jd(u) and ljp came out with its seat-sharing plan last year.
the hajipur seat, which he won a number of times, on a couple of occasions with a record margin, has been retained for his party by his younger brother and state ljp president pashupati kumar paras.
by ptinew delhi: the opposition on thursday criticised the government during the discussion on amendments to provide legal backing for voluntary seeding of biometric aadhaar id with mobile numbers and bank accounts.
opposing the bill, adhir ranjan chowdhury, leader of the congress in the lok sabha, said the government used the ordinance route to bring in the legislation.
he said the ordinance was issued by the last government (from 2014-19) and the current government has brought it as a legislation.
the government is resorting to the ordinance route without any rhyme and reason.
chowdhury said it was the upa government, which brought in the law, to which law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said the nda government gave legal status to aadhaar.
you have loaned the concept of aadhaar from us (aapne aadhaar udhaar liya hain), he said.
chowdhury said the supreme court had also rapped the government for violating privacy in aadhaar.
prasad said, under you (the upa), aadhaar lacked any backing (aadhaar niradhar tha).
we made a law for it.
the minister said rs 7.
84 lakh crore was sent through direct benefit transfer (dbt) to beneficiaries under different schemes.
nearly 1.
41 lakh crore have been saved from middlemen.
he said 123.
81 crore people have aadhaar cards and nearly 6.
91 crore bank accounts have been linked to it.
by online desknew delhi: women members in lok sabha on friday spoke in one voice condemning the sexist remarks by sp member azam khan against bihar mp rama devi and demanded that he apologise or else he should be suspended from the house.
speaker om prakash birla said on friday, i will hold a meeting with leaders of all parties and then take a decision.
also read| mps like azam khan need training: former lok sabha speaker sumitra mahajanduring the zero hour, union textiles minister smriti irani said the remarks of khan in lok sabha on thursday during the debate of triple talaq bill were a blot on all legislators, including men.
this is a blot on all legislators including men.
we cannot remain silent spectators to it.
we have to speak in one voice that this is unacceptable, irani said.
this is not a house where men come in and 'kisi aurat ki aankhon mein jhanka jaye (look into the eyes of a woman), she added, quoting azam khan.
the entire nation watched yesterday what happened.
this house passed the sexual harassment of women at workplace bill.
i appeal to all to speak in one voice- you cannot misbehave with a woman and get away with it by just dramatizing it, she added.
this is an abominable act, i appeal to you for exemplary action, said finance minister nirmala sitharaman to speaker om prakash birla.
also watch: azam khan has never respected women, he must apologize: rama devisitharaman said, it is very encouraging to see everyone stand up and speak in once voice condemning what happened yesterday.
we look towards you (speaker) for exemplary action against him.
at this time, to again politicize an issue related to women is outrageous, let us all stand together, speak in one voice, which is what i thought was happening here.
why is that hesitation?
why is that dilemma?
why is that doubt?
she added referring to congress' adhir ranjan chowdhury, who while speaking on the issue mentioned how bjp leaders targeted upa chairperson sonia gandhi calling her italian bahu.
leaders cut across party linesbsp supremo mayawati tweeted: the indecent language used by azam khan, an sp mp from uttar pradesh, against a woman presiding officer in lok sabha yesterday hurt the dignity and honour of women, and is very condemnable.
for this he should not only apologise in parliament but to all women.
supporting the women mps, union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said either khan should tender an apology or he should be suspended from the house.
trinamool congress mp mimi chakraborty too raised her voice against azam khan: nobody can stand the parliament and tell a woman look into my eyes and talk.
speaker sir, all women here are expecting something big from you on this.
minister babul supriyo said that though azam khan's remarks were expunged, the tv channels had shown them and the entire country had watched.
he also demanded strict action.
parliamentary affairs minister pralhad joshi urged the speaker to take most exemplary action in the matter.
you are the custodian of the house.
many members have expressed their views.
we have to maintain the decorum of the house.
without any ifs and buts and as suggested by mahtabji, i urge you to take most exemplary action.
i appeal to house leave the issue with speaker, he said.
however, bjp's nishikant dubey sought immediate action against khan citing rules of the proceedings of the house.
since the ethics committee has not been yet constituted, you can take action, he said.
aimim's asaduddin owaisi also sought tough action against khan, but at the same time, he took a swipe at the treasury benches raking up the issue of former minister m j akbar, who is facing charges of sexual harassment.
what azam khan saidparticipating in the debate on the triple talaq bill, khan on thursday referred to the intervention of union minister mukhtar abbas naqvi and read out a couplet - tu idhar-udhar ki baat na kar  (do not divert from the topic).
at this, rama devi, who was presiding over the proceedings, asked khan not to look here and there and address the chair.
uproar in lok sabha over sp mp azam khan's comment on bjp mp rama devi(in the chair) , he said 'aap mujhe itni acchi lagti hain ki mera mann karta hai ki aap ki aankhon mein aankhein dale rahoon'.
ministers ask khan to apologize.
pic.
twitter.com/hb5qrcufig  ani (@ani) july 25, 2019to which, azam khan responded by saying ''aap mujhe itni acchi lagti hain ki mera mann karta hai ki aap ki aankhon mein aankhein dale rahoon'.
(i like you so much that i feel like looking into your eyes)this infuriated union ministers ravishankarprasad prasad and arjun ram meghwal who urged the chair to ask khan to apologise.
when khan was asked to do so by rama devi, he said he meant no disrespect to her as she was like his dear sister.
sp chief akhilesh yadav rose to defend khan.
later, members of sp and bsp walked out of the proceedings.
bjp's rama devi then launched a scathing attack on azam khan, demanding that he be dismissed from the lok sabha as he has never respected women.
he has never respected women, we all know what he had said about jaya prada ji.
he has no right to stay in lok sabha, i will request speaker to dismiss him.
azam khan must apologise, devi was quoted as saying by news agency ani.
new delhi: as many as 524 fast-track courts are functional in the country and the centre is trying to sensitise state governments to set up more such courts, union minister ravishankarprasad prasad said today.
the minister of law and justice also emphasised that the 14th finance commission has endorsed the proposal to strengthen the judicial system, including by setting up 1,800 fast track courts.
there are 524 functional fast track courts in the country while some states do not have any such court, according to data provided by the minister as part of a written reply.
members from kerala protested claiming that the data showing the state did not have any fast track court was wrong.
of them, 183 are in uttar pradesh, maharashtra (100), tamil nadu (39), andhra pradesh (38) and telangana (34), the data showed.
during question hour, prasad said the central government was trying to sensitise state governments to establish more fast track courts as infrastructure development was the responsibility of the states.
setting up of subordinate courts, including fast track courts, is the responsibility of the state governments which, in consultation with the respective high courts, set up such courts from their own resources, he noted.
the 14th finance commission has urged state governments to use the additional fiscal space provided by it in the tax devolution to meet the requirements, including those related to strengthening judicial system and establishing fast track courts, prasad said.
new delhi: legion shall prevail, justice shall strike!
and coming to shred you sort of ominous tweets were pinned on @incindia, the indian national congress official twitter handle, just a day after rahul gandhi, the party vice presidents account was hacked with a slew of racist and homophobic obscenities.
according to incs official twitter-handler-at-large, the hackers first cracked rahuls email id and through it accessed his twitter handle and the partys thereafter.
if profanities were piled onrahuls handle, the hacker(s) lobbed threats at the inc.
the congress which has its server in bengaluru lodged a complaint with delhi police cyber cell, which registered an fir on thursday.
but the party leaders who feared their @inc accounts have been compromised, lamented not much action was initiated in the last 24 hours.
union it/tech minister ravishankarprasad prasad did assure the upset congress party, ahmed patel to be precise, that the matter would be duly probed and told the media that the government disapproves of hacking.
not that it needed stating.
prasads assurance came after rahul pointedly told ani that the incident of hacking raised a huge question mark on digital security.
as one of the positives of the demonetisation move, a pushtowards digitisation of the economy, has been cited by the government.
by linking the hacking of his twitter handle to the larger questions of digital security, rahul was obviously trying to draw attention to the pitfalls ahead, of shifting all financial transactions online where the possibility of hacking of accounts looms large.
the crux of the abusive tweets, removed from the congress handle was: coming up is a full dump of inc.
in congress emails, stay tuned for christmas special.
we have enough info to drop your party down to shreds.
after the @inc handle was restored, within 30 minutes, the first official tweet was rather loaded:hello everyone!
we are back.
the tweets in the morning lacked wit, evidently.
anyway, mr modi, back to peoples questions, care to answer?
to the old and new social media, congress media chief randeep singh surjewala said the act of hacking was unscrupulous, unethical and roguish and blamed internet trolls and the prevalent fascist culture.
rahuls twitter handle was hacked around 8.
45 pm on wednesday.
after a struggle of a few hours, his official social media team restored his account, which changed from rahul gandhi to retard.
a new truce tweet surfaced on thursday morning on rahuls account: to every one of you haters out there.
i love you all.
you are beautiful.
your hatred just does not let you see it yet.
though there was no confirmation, this was deemed to be a personal tweet from rahul to the hackers.
but the latter proved to be not just obscene but obstinate as well  they went ahead and hacked his partys handle right away, almost as a reply to the seemingly gandhian message.
surjewala added, the hacker of both the accounts could have used a potential backdoor (malware) present on the computer system on which both the accounts might have been simultaneously accessed or it could be a long persistent and targeted attack  called, spear phishing.
reiterating lucideus ceo saket modis views, the congress leader feared that either way there could be more data in the hands of hackers than just account access that might be released in due course of time.
along with rahul and incs accounts, congress chief social communication handler rachit seths twitter handle too was hacked.
by online deskafter almost a day-long discussion amid walkouts from the opposition, the lok sabha on thursday passed the triple talaq bill, which criminalises instant triple talaq or divorce by muslim men, with up to three years in jail for the husband.
the bill on muslim women (protection on rights of marriage) was passed by 303 ayes and 82 noes.
jd(u), trinamool congress and congress mps staged a walkout from the lok sabha in protest against the triple talaq bill during the voting session.
during the debate, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said the legislation was a must for gender equality and justice as despite an august 2017 supreme court verdict striking down the practice of instant triple talaq, women are being divorced by 'talaq-e-biddat'.
he said, since january 2017, as many as 574 triple talaq cases and since the supreme court order, more than 300 such cases were reported by the media.
under these circumstances, what should we do?
should we allow muslim women to be continued to be exploited, he said.
the law minister said 20 muslim countries in the world, including pakistan and malaysia, have banned the triple talaq.
why can't a secular india do it?
he asked.
several opposition parties have bitterly opposed the legislation like the congress, the trinamool congress and the dmk.
nda ally jd(u) said it will create a lack of trust in the society and walked out of the house on thursday.
also read | don't read from news clippings, lok sabha speaker tells law minister during triple talaq debatestating his party does not support the bill, rajiv ranjan singh was of the view that the government should do all that is necessary to create awareness among the people of this community (minority).
union ministers amit shah and rajnath singh, who is also deputy leader of the house, were present during the consideration and passing of the bill.
the bill now faces the rajya sabha test.
triple talaq bill sees heated debatethe law minister justified the government's decision to issue ordinances as the earlier moves by the government in 2017 and 2018 could not get the parliamentary nod.
much to the chagrin of congress members, he said - if the then government had acted in 1986, then we would have been spared from the task of bringing this law today.
opposing the bill strongly, congress member mohammad jawed said, ''the bill only seeks to put muslim man behind bars.
''prasad, however, said to allay fears that the proposed law could be misused, the government has included certain safeguards in it such as adding a provision of bail for the accused before trial.
while the bill makes triple talaq a non-bailable offence, an accused can approach a magistrate even before trial to seek bail.
also read | rabri devi slams jd(u) for staying with bjp despite opposing triple talaq billreferring to prasad's contention that the bill is being brought on the basis of supreme court judgement, jawed said nowhere the apex court has said that talaq words should be made a criminal offence.
opposing the bill, rsp member n k premachandran said the government has brought in as many as three ordinances on the issue.
he alleged that apparently the government had ulterior political motives in bringing it.
he also questioned that how a personal law can be made a criminal law.
bjp member meenakshi lekhi said laws will have to precede the changes and somebody has to show the political courage, adding that it was the duty of the state to make the law to bring about a change.
in this context, she referred to country's first prime minister and said pt jawaharlal nehru had himself said creating a secular state in a religious country was biggest challenge for him.
kya yeh dikkatey aaj pradhan mantri modi ki nahi hae (perhaps incumbent prime minister narendra modi also faces similar challenge), the new delhi mp said.
p k kunhalikutty of indian union of muslim league (iuml) also said the government only had political intent in piloting the draft law.
he demanded that the bill should be withdrawn.
vocal aimim member asaduddin owaisi said contrary to government's claim that the bill is aimed at helping the cause of muslim women, the draft law in public space for more than two years, is in effect anti-muslim women.
participating in the debate, several opposition members said if this law was being brought at the directives of supreme court and said in such a case, the ruling dispensation should have brought laws with regard to mob lynching and sabarimala.
third ls nod in less than 3 yearsthe lok sabha gave its nod for the third time in less than three years time to the much talked about draft law.
the lok sabha had passed it first on december 27, 2017 and also in december last year after the congress and aiadmk members walked out.
last year, 245 members of the lok sabha voted in favour of the bill, while 11 voted against it.
passed by lok sabha twice, the bill lapsed as the 16th lok sabha was dissolved before the rajya sabha could give its nod to the much controversial draft law - which has been opposed by several opposition parties including the congress, the left parties including rsp and the trinamool congress.
bills that are introduced in the upper house and are pending do not lapse with the dissolution of lok sabha, but the draft laws passed by the lower house and pending in the rajya sabha, however, lapse.
compelled to bring the bill into the lok sabha for the third time in less than three years as the draft law got stalled in the rajya sabha twice, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad told the lawmakers in the house of people - is mamley ko siyashi chasmey sey na dekhe (please do not see this issue of rights of muslim women with political prism).
ravi shankar bythe throne of india sits in delhi, the seat of power created by outsiders such as the ajmer kings, muhammad ghori, the sultanates, the mughals and the british before it returned to indian hands.
since then the gilded pedestal of indraprastha has been the most coveted prize by leaders from indias 29 states and seven union territories, narendra modi being the latest.
with the general elections just a couple of months away, the capital of india has become a battlefield of ambition as regional leaders and parties leverage their clout into a national play to occupy the prime ministers residential complex at 7, lok kalyan marg.
one prominent leader spreading his political footprint among them is n chandrababu naidu, chief minister of andhra pradesh and the supreme leader of the telugu desam party (tdp).
naidu is not an easy reada leader who has been part of many coalition governments at the centre, a power player who keeps away from the catbird seat, a skilled negotiator who has the savvy to project an unthreatening image to allies and a convincing champion of his state when the occasion arises.
now, the former nda constituent is leading the opposition charge from delhi, deploying his formidable diplomatic skills to bring temperamental egos to the table to take on modi and the bjp in the coming elections.
the struggle is real.
in andhra pradesh, the stakes are higher.
the division of the state has reduced its bargaining power in delhi: from 42 lok sabha seats, it has come down to 25.
if he loses the state elections to ysr congress partys ys jagan mohan reddy who has the bjps open support, many of his projects could be jeopardised.
it is not smooth-sailing.
the canny tdp boss has taken the fight to delhi while modi has hit the ground in andhra pradesh, spewing invective and inaugurating development projects.
read here | dharma porata deeksha: chandrababu naidu's fast becomes centre-stage for show of opposition unitymamata banerjee, hd kumaraswamy, n chandrababu naidu and farooq abdullah at tmc-led 'united india' rally in kolkata in januarythe only other opposition chief minister making waves in delhi is trinamool congress (tmc) boss mamata banerjee whose enthusiasm for anti-modi shows like delhi chief minister arvind kejriwals tanashahi hatao desh bachao campaign is attracting eyeballs.
however, no other non-bjp chief minister has generated the kind of political energy spanning so many levels like naidu.
the cm has got everyone together, including shiv sena, yashwant sinha and shatrughan sinha on the anti-modi-shah platform.
he enjoys pan-party confidence, says ram mohan, tdp mp.
binding factorlike all consummate politicians, naidu knows the power of optics.
he has been a frequent flyer to delhi ever since he broke away from the nda and the poll cumulus became visible in the sky above south block.
naidu even knows how to handle roadblocks in delhi so well that sometimes he even takes the metro to the airport.
in april 2018, he landed in delhi ahead of a tdp no-confidence motion in july against the modi government.
accompanied by his troop of mps, he was seen in parliament while meeting ncp chief sharad pawar.
he met other opposition representatives in central hall and dined with samajwadi party leaders in andhra bhavan.
in october, he called on his delhi counterpart kejriwal and met bsp chief mayawati, j&k national conference chief farooq abdullah and cpi leaders d raja and s sudhakar reddy.
mayawati and naidu share an unusual rapport; behenji refused to meet naidu bte noire pawan kalyan who had sought a tie-up with bsp.
but she escorted naidu after their meeting to his car and even blessed him.
this gesture by bsps irascibly unpredictable dalit queen showed naidus skills as a negotiator in the murky backstage of the coalition script.
early this month, he met the chief election commissioner and other members of the panel with other opposition leaders alleging that the bjp was manipulating electronic voting machines (evms).
read | chandrababu naidu hikes aid for andhra farmers to rs 9,000 from rs 4,000making prime ministersnaidu is no stranger to delhis game of thrones.
his political skill to negotiate delhis tenuous bridges was apparent for the first time in 1996, when the bjp formed a minority government under atal bihari vajpayee, which collapsed after 13 days.
open season was declared for the pms chair in 1996.
vp singh refused the job, and jyoti basu, mulayam singh yadav and lalu prasad yadav couldnt make the cut for various reasons.
naidu decided to stay out of the fray, only too aware that the tenure would be temporary since any government in delhi then would have to be formed with congress support.
the congress has historically been an unreliable supporter as chaudhary charan singh learned in 1980.
instead, naidu became the kingmaker.
he anointed hd deve gowda as prime minister.
predictably gowda was toppled by the congress in 1997 with the excuse that its president sitaram kesri was unhappy with him.
naidu once again persuaded the congress to support his next candidate ik gujral to replace gowda.
the congress again withdrew support in november that year.
then it offered to support yet another secular coalition.
but naidu put his foot down firmly and elections were declared.
the bjp came to power and naidu supported the vajpayee government and got many concessions for andhra pradesh.
why did he not try to become the prime minister himself?
im creating a place in history for andhra pradesh.
that is my legacy, said the silver-bearded naidu.
read | amit shah doing 'below the belt' politics: chandrababu naidu on bjp chief's open letterformer pm hd deve gowda offering n chandrababunaidu a glass of juice to break his fast at andhrabhavan in delhipower playhe is in a black shirta colour incidentally he doesnt likein protest against the modi governments refusal to grant andhra pradesh special status and has spent the day fasting on a podium at andhra bhavan.
the compound is a sea of yellow, the tdp colour.
special trains from his state, loaded with over 4,000 people, including legislators, had arrived to cheer their leader.
the high-powered protest team included 26 ministers, 127 mlas, 41 mlcs, 15 chairmen, 150 general body members and 2,000 supporters and whips.
politics is resonant with symbolisma widely televised and reported power statement and a march to rashtrapati bhavan in delhi have more value than a dozen meetings in visakhapatnam.
naidu faces a stiff fight with jagan, who depends on the still extant charisma of his father, the late ys rajasekhara reddy who was naidus relentless foe.
jagans party has the support of modi and telangana chief minister k chandrashekar rao.
the pawan kalyan (jana sena chief) factor is another source of worry for naidu.
to stem the tide from turning, naidu announced a last-minute slew of welfare measures such as hiking state pensions from 1,000 to 2,000a tenfold rise since he came to power in 2014.
the tdp wasnt sure it would be smooth-sailing.
now, the margin will be comfortable, says a senior bureaucrat in naidus office.
an internal survey bears this out, he adds.
read | chandrababu naidu marches to rashtrapati bhavan, demands special status for andhra from presidentsouthern discomfortthe lopsided weightage in indian legislature ecosystem has prevented south indian politicians, even powerful ones, from occupying the prime ministers chair since 1947.
the only exceptions were deve gowda and pv narasimha raowhile the former was an incidental pm, the latter was an accidental pm.
c rajagopalachari, r venkataraman, j jayalalithaa, m karunanidhi, d devaraj urs and nt rama rao are examples of southern heavyweights denied their place in history.
the enigmatic andhra pradesh chief minister has chosen to steadfastly position himself as the champion of his state instead of a pm aspirant.
the week began in delhi with naidu making the mandatory stop at raj ghat after which the stage was set for confrontation with the bjp with a demand for special category status for andhra pradesh and the fulfilment of assurances given during bifurcation.
manmohan singh, when he was the prime minister, had stated in the rajya sabha on february 20, 2014, that the centre would accord andhra pradesh special category status, which was reiterated in a subsequent cabinet decision.
special category status has been a contentious deal-breaker in many previous cases: nitish kumar had revolted against the upa government over special status for bihar.
the raghuram rajan committee had recommended special status to six states, including bihar, uttar pradesh, rajasthan and madhya pradesh.
naidus exit from nda has put pressure on nitishcurrently a bjp allywho has become restive after the rashtriya janata dal attacked him for doing a u-turn to stick on in power.
naidu is wielding the special status issue as a potent weapon of political, electoral and economic relevance.
it would get the state central funds, excise duty concession and 100 percent income tax exemption for 10 years.
such incentives would make andhra pradesh an economic powerhouse, which naidu had achieved for the undivided state with infrastructure development and mega manufacturing parks.
tdp believes that the bjp under modi would not want a powerful leader in andhra where it does not have much support.
the telangana factorthough the bifurcation decision cost the congress party the telangana election in 2014, naidu shares a warm relationship with the grand old party, with which he had aligned in the 2018 polls in which telangana rashtra samiti led by k chandrashekar rao swept to power with a majority on an unexpected scale.
the victory is attributed to raos emphasis on modern politicians, professionals and youthof the 119 mlas, 43 are graduates, 26 postgraduates, two hold phds, 27 have diplomas and the rest have been educated till class x. however, bureaucrats in vijayawada say that kcr has just copied the naidu model.
kcr himself was a congressman before joining the tdp in 1983.
the two are bitter enemies, though both were united in their demand for telangana.
their relationship has remained acrimoniousnaidu calls kcr a bjp puppet.
the day of naidus fast in delhi, rao made an appeal to andhra pradesh voters to plump for jagan in the upcoming state and lok sabha elections.
this call has given credence to naidus very public argument that both trs and jagan are conspiring with the bjp against andhra pradeshs interests.
west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee andhra pardesh cm n. chandrababu naidu delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal bjp leader shatrughan sinha jammu kashmir national conference chief farooq abdullah congress leader anand sharma dmk mp kanimozhi and others during a protest at jantar mantar in new delhi.
(eps | parveen negi)new opposition pivoton the other hand, naidu is now engaged in recreating the past.
his delhi fast became the focus of opposition unity attended by the shining stars of the anti-bjp galaxy.
rahul gandhi, farooq abdullah, mulayam singh yadav, sharad yadav, arvind kejriwal, ahmed patel, jairam ramesh and even manmohan singh got on stage for some very vocal modi-bashing.
manmohan, who headed the upa government at the centre when andhra pradesh was bifurcated, said, this (special category status) demand had support of all parties when it was discussed in parliament.
i stand in solidarity with naidu.
the promise must be implemented without any further delay, he added.
the gathering of ideologically disparate leaders gave the signal that naidu had their full faith.
kamal nath flew in from bhopal.
prime ministerial aspirant mamata banerjee sent her mp derek obrien as a gesture of support.
the surprise participant was sanjay raut, an mp belonging to bjp ally shiv sena.
though the senas presence at naidus fast was meant to shake the tree and get a favourable seat-sharing ratio in the polls, the fact that they chose naidu to make their point speaks volumes about his rapport across parties.
uddhav thackeray is the best friend of mine.
even bal thackeray was very affectionate towards me.
i really appreciate the shiv sena chief for extending the cooperation, the chief minister told reporters.
the political discourse in andhra pradesh reflects the overall toxic atmosphere in pre-election days.
venomous public exchanges between former allies naidu and modi have become worse.
the prime minister, who was greeted with black flags in guntur during his first visit, accused his former colleague of being an untrustworthy ally who has systematically betrayed his benefactors.
naidu responded, i didnt take u-turn, but took the right turn, it is you who took a u-turn (on your promises).
modis barbs at naidus son lokesh, it minister in the andhra cabinet, provoked the habitually reserved chief minister to launch personal attacks on him, accusing him of neglecting his wife and marginalising lk advani who had stood up for him against vajpayee after the gujarat riots.
the cm does me no favours.
im like any other minister, says lokesh.
he even calls his father sir.
congress president rahul gandhi national conference president farooq abdullah and andhra pradesh chief minister chandrababu naidu during 'dharma porata deeksha' a day-long fast to demand special status for the state of andhra pradesh in new delhi monday feb.
11 2019.
| pticautious ambitionthe opposition air is charged with the prime ministerial appetites of its leaders.
in the forefront are mamata banerjee and mayawati.
mamatas irascible temperament, agitational style and tendency to leave coalition governments in a huff may not get her votes from her peers.
samajwadi party and bahujan samaj party would cancel each other out like it happened in 1997.
rahul gandhi hopes the priyanka missile will deliver congress the seats required to form the next government, or at least the most number of lok sabha mps to head a coalition.
chandrababu naidu alone is keeping his cards close to his chest.
knowing the unreliable chemistry of coalitions, it is unlikely he will drop his hat in the ring considering the prospect of a messy mix of egos and seat arithmetic.
he would not like to go down in history as a deve gowda or a gujral.
only a clear victory in the elections for the lok sabha and assembly in andhra pradesh will give him the moxie to be kingmaker again.
nothing is what it seems in politics and naidus priority is to keep bjp out of andhra.
the canny chief minister has reached out to jagan.
if at all he (reddy) wins any seats, let him come and support us, nothing wrong in it, he told a tv channel.
chandrababu naidu knows too well that in the shifting sands of alliances, it is the kingmaker who is often the king.
rahul gandhi at n chandrababu naidus daylong fast in delhi.
(photo | shekhar yadav/ eps)rahul gandhinaidu shares a warm relationship with the congress, with which he had aligned in the 2018 polls.
the congress president used naidus protest venue in delhi to launch a fierce attack on pm modi.
he said, the pm doesnt fulfill commitments to the people of andhra pradesh.
is andhra pradesh not a part of the country?
i stand with the people of andhra.
by express news servicenew delhi: the government on monday introduced in the lok sabha an amended version of the muslim women (protection of rights on marriage) bill, under which the practice of instant talaq would be a cognisable offence if the affected woman or her blood relations file a complaint.
the lok sabha also passed the transgender persons (protection of rights), bill, which seeks to define transgender persons and prohibits discrimination against them.
din ruled the proceedings of the lok sabha, as opposition members persisted with their demands for the constitution of a joint parliamentary committee to probe allegations of impropriety in the rafale deal.
the aiadmk mps stayed in the well of the house to protest against the construction of a dam on the cauvery river.
amid the din, union minister for law and justice, ravishankarprasad prasad, reintroduced the amended bill against instant talaq practised in the minority community.
the minister referred to apprehensions in and outside parliament regarding provisions of the pending bill, which enables any person to give information to an officer in-charge of a police station to take cognizance of the offence and makes the offence non-bailable.
in order to address the concerns, it has been decided to make the offence cognizable if the information relating to the commission of an offence is given to an officer in-charge of a police station by a married mulsim woman upon whom talaq is pronounced, or any person related to her by blood or marriage, said prasad, while introducing the legislation, which would replace the ordinance brought by the government previously.
the minister added that it was also decided to make the offence non-bailable and compoundable at the instance of the married muslim woman with the permission of the magistrate, on such terms and conditions as he may determine.
later in the day, the lok sabha passed the bill to protect the rights of transgender persons.
by ptinew delhi: samajwadi party mp azam khan was informed on friday to appear before lok sabha speaker om birla on july 29 and tender an unconditional apology in the house for his sexist remarks against bjp mp rama devi, sources said.
on friday evening, the lok sabha speaker's office reached out to khan and informed him to appear before birla on monday, they said.
according to the sources, if khan fails to apologise, a resolution authorising the speaker to take 'exemplary action' against him will be passed.
leaders across party lines are of the view that a message should be sent that the house has zero-tolerance towards such acts which lower the dignity and honour of women, they added.
the resolution is likely to be moved by parliamentary affairs minister pralhad joshi and is expected to be supported by leaders of all political parties.
cutting across party lines, members in the lok sabha condemned the remarks when rama devi was officiating the proceedings in the lower house on thursday and demanded exemplary action against him.
there was also a demand for khan's suspension from the house.
azam's remarks were dubbed as malicious, having double-meaning and a blot on all legislators by the ministers and mps who spoke after bjp's sanghmitra maurya raised the issue during the zero hour.
several members including from the bjp, congress, ncp, trinamool congress, dmk and bjd said a strong message should be sent by the house against such conduct.
outside parliament, a meeting of floor leaders of all parties chaired by speaker birla was held during which it was decided that khan should apologise or face action.
leaders across party lines are of the view that a message should be sent that the house has zero tolerance towards such acts which lower the dignity and honour of women, they added.
read here | azam khan's 'sexist' remark: women mps demand apology, lok sabha speaker to meet party leadersleaders cut across party lines to condemn azam khanseveral women mps have also written to the speaker demanding stringent action against khan.
rama devi said he should be suspended for the entire five years from the current lok sabha.
in a tweet, bsp supremo mayawati said khan should not only apologise in parliament but to all women.
this is a blot on all legislators including men, textiles minister smriti irani said in the lok sabha, as she attacked sp leader akhilesh yadav for supporting khan in the house on thursday.
it was repugnant that a leader stood in solidarity with a lech, she said.
khan and akhilesh yadav were not present in the house.
if khan had made these comments outside parliament, then police would have come to the woman's rescue, irani said and urged political parties to rise above political differences and appealed to the speaker to take action.
a member cannot abuse the privilege parliament gives him to make such comments and get away, she said.
stating that his party is against any kind of misbehaviour against women, leader of the congress adhir ranjan chowdhury referred to his party leader sonia gandhi being called italian puppet and daugher of italy by bjp leaders in the past, remarks which drew strong protest from the members of treasury benches who said the issue should not be politicised.
finance minister nirmala sitharaman wondered why there was a dilemma and hesitation in taking a stand on the issue, in an apparent dig at the opposition party which objected to her remarks.
sitharaman said khan's comments were utterly condemnable and said the house was looking to the speaker to take exemplary action.
chowdhury said the person at the centre of the issue should also be heard, referring to khan.
he suggested that the matter be sent to privilege or ethics committee.
he later agreed with the prevailing view that the speaker should take a call.
law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said either khan should tender an apology or he be suspended from the house.
trinamool congress member kalyan banerjee said a person who does not show respect to women does not know indian culture.
ncp's supriya sule said she hangs her head in shame at khan's offensive language and called for strict punishment.
his behaviour was not tolerable and members should speak in one voice, she said.
jd(u)'s lalan singh said the speaker should take strongest action so that such behaviour is not repeated.
dmk's kanimozhi wondered how women would be treated outside parliament when they are insulted in such a way inside.
apna dal's anupriya patel said the entire nation is ashamed.
parliamentary affairs minister pralhad joshi said the house should leave the matter to the speaker.
bjd's b mahtab said khan's remarks were unpardonable and deserved exemplary action.
it was one of the darkest days, he added.
union minister arjun meghwal said khan's comments had a double-meaning and he has a history of making such remarks outside the house as well.
actor and trinamool congress member mimi chakraborty, who is a first time mp, said whatever happened on thursday was shameful and cannot be part of her learning exercise.
aimim asaduddin owaisi said he respected the sentiments of the house but took a dig at the government asking about the status of a group of ministers, which was constituted following a wave of allegations of sexual harassment against women in the me too movement, including against the then union minister and bjp leader m j akbar.
jaya prada tears apart khanjaya prada on friday slammed sp mp azam khan for his sexist remarks against bjp mp rama devi in the lok sabha, saying he has insulted the house and he should be disqualified.
khan, who is known for making controversial statements, had also made objectionable remarks against jaya prada during the lok sabha polls.
jaya prada, who had unsuccessfully contested the general elections against khan from rampur, said it is not a new thing for him to make such comments about women.
khan has an unhealthy mindset and one does not know what remarks he will make, the actor-turned-politician said in a statement.
he does not know that lok sabha is a temple to which leaders are elected and take up people's problems.
azam khan has insulted the house by making indecent comments, jaya prada said.
the house should take action against him for his remarks, the former mp said.
he should be disqualified from lok sabha.
he should be taught a lesson that those who insult parliament must be kept out, she said.
what azam khan saidparticipating in the debate on the triple talaq bill, khan on thursday referred to the intervention of union minister mukhtar abbas naqvi and read out a couplet - tu idhar-udhar ki baat na kar  (do not divert from the topic).
at this, rama devi, who was presiding over the proceedings, asked khan not to look here and there and address the chair.
to which, azam khan responded by saying ''aap mujhe itni acchi lagti hain ki mera mann karta hai ki aap ki aankhon mein aankhein dale rahoon'.
(i like you so much that i feel like looking into your eyes)this triggered acrimonious scenes.
the remarks were expunged from the records.
by iansnew delhi: prime minister narendra modi greeted the nation on the occasion of bhai dooj, a festival that celebrates the special bond between a brother and sister.
greetings to you all on the special occasion of bhai dooj, a festival that celebrates the strong brother-sister bond, modi said.
besides modi, several other political leaders also extended greetings.
wishing you lots of love, prosperity and happiness on the auspicious occasion of bhai dooj, union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad tweeted.
on the occasion of brother-sister's precious relationships, i greet all the citizens on this occasion, this unbreakable bond of affection and trust will live long, union railway and coal minister piyush goyal tweeted.
union textile minister smriti irani also took to twitter and wrote: heartfelt greetings to all the people of bhai dooj festival, symbolizing the affection of brother and sister.
congress leader ashok gehlot also greeted tha nation on the occasion.
best wishes on the occasion of bhai dooj, a parv which strengthens the pious bond of love and affection between brothers and sisters.
happy bhai dooj, gehlot tweeted.
new delhi: popular messaging app whatsapp will soon explore areas of cooperation to push indias digital commerce initiatives and digital empowerment.
on friday, brian acton, co-founder of whatsapp, met information technology minister ravishankarprasad prasad and discussed the opportunities for the platform to participate in and contribute to the growth of indias digital initiatives.
whatsapp had recently announced that its future strategy would be to focus on rolling out commercial messaging in 2017 for businesses as part of its future course of business to tap into enterprises for monetising its platform.
it has also announced that the company will test tools that allow users to communicate with businesses and organisations such as banks and airlines through its platform.
brian acton, the co-founder of whatsapp and a fine mind in the field of information technology met me todayi also appreciated the good role of platforms like facebook, whatsapp are playing in the field of digital empowerment, the minister tweeted.
sources who attended the meeting said that brian was especially interested in understanding indias vision for digital commerce.
he was keen to know more about the governments focus to connect the unconnected, using the social messaging platform and also the role it has played in reaching out with government programmes like improving sanitation.
india is a very important country to us, and were proud to have 200 million people who use whatsapp to connect with their friends, family and communities.
we build every whatsapp feature to be simple, reliable, and secure, and this vision is in line with what digital india promises to achieve, he added saying that the company would continue to invest to help more people across india connect to its platform.
ramananda sengupta bynew delhi: the rafale deal was not on the official agenda during the two-day official visit of french minister of europe and foreign affairs, jean-yves le drian, who left for france on saturday after a trip to mumbai and delhi.
le drian arrived in new delhi on friday morning on his 16th official visit and left immediately for mumbai, where he where met delegates attending the second meeting of the indo-french film and television industry professionals, and announced the institution of a fund supporting scriptwriting for indo-french co-productions.
he also met chief minister devendra fadnavis.
he returned to delhi late in the evening.
on saturday, he witnessed the signing of an agreement between atos, a european it services corporation, and the center for development of advanced computing at a delhi hotel, where he also held a meeting with minister of electronics and information technology, ravishankarprasad prasad.
the deal to procure supercomputers worth rs 4,500 crores from atos would clear the way for the it giant to deploy its bullsequana supercomputers in india, which would help the national supercomputing mission with weather forecasting, drug discovery and data mining.
le drian then met external affairs minister sushma swaraj and prime minister narendra modi, who welcomed the strengthening of bilateral ties in all spheres, including defence, space, counterterrorism, and civil nuclear cooperation.
new delhi: india wants to take a long-term view on pump prices of petrol and diesel to shield consumers from the volatility in global markets, the country's law minister said on wednesday, indicating the government could change its fuel pricing mechanism.
prices of diesel and petrol in india have surged to a record high.
a liter of petrol costs 77.
17 rupees ($1.
13) while diesel is sold at 68.
34 rupees/ litre.
the government is keen that instead of having an ad hoc measure it may be desirable to have a long-term view which addresses not only the volatility but also takes care of the unnecessary ambiguity arising out of frequent ups and downs, ravishankarprasad prasad told a news conference.
opposition leaders have criticised the government for failing to rein in rising fuel prices, a politically-sensitive issue in one of the world's biggest economies.
rajesh kumar thakur byexpress news servicepatna: tej pratap yadav, the elder son of jailed rjd chief and former cm of bihar lalu prasad yadav, hit out at the congress party after he was denied a chance to address an election rally in the presence of the party president rahul gandhi.
the congress and rjd are part of the mahagathbandhan in bihar.
the rally was organized on thursday at vikram in patliputra ls constituency where tej pratap's elder sister misa bharti is locked in a fierce fight with bjp candidate and sitting mp ram kripal yadav.
lashing out at the local congress leaders in the state, tej pratap said, i was not allowed to speak at the rally even after rahul gandhi had asked me.
i was treated this way just because my father is not here.
#imissyoupapai will complain in writing to congress president rahul gandhi against that treatment meted out to me, he angrily said, further adding that it is because of his father lalu prasad yadav congress party got a political basis in bihar.
rahul gandhi after addressing the rally for the final phase of election,had come back to patna to do a roadshow in favour of bollywood actor turned politician shatrughan sinha ,who is locked with bjp candidate and union minister for law and it ravishankarprasad prasad from patna sahib constituency, going for poll on may 19.
meanwhile, tejashwi yadav told the media that there was a tight schedule because of a roadshow decided to be done in patna by rahul gandhi.
by ptinew delhi: former ips officer bharati ghosh, who joined bjp last week, has moved the supreme court seeking protection from any coercive action by the west bengal police in new corruption cases registered against her.
ghosh, once considered close to mamata banerjee, claimed police has registered seven firs against her including one lodged last week.
the apex court had on october 1, last year granted her protection from arrest in a case of alleged extortion and illegal exchange of banned notes for gold.
a bench of justices a k sikri and s abdul nazeer said that it will hear her application on february 19.
at the outset, senior advocate ranjit kumar, appearing for ghosh said that seven firs have been lodged against her in an incident which dates back to 2016 in which allegedly gold was taken for currency.
he said police has been acting against her at different places and they should be restrained from taking any coercive action.
kumar said that protection from arrest should be granted to her like it was given last year.
senior advocate kapil sibal, appearing for west bengal government opposed the plea and said she wants stay of arrest on a writ petition, which cannot be done.
he said ghosh and her personal security officer were involved in the gold extortion case and other cases and they both acted together.
sibal said she was already granted protection from arrest in october, last year.
the bench said it will hear her plea on february 19 in detail on a non-miscellaneous day.
on february 4, ghosh has joined bjp in the presence of union minister ravishankarprasad prasad and senior party leader kailash vijayvargiya alleging that thugocracy has replaced democracy in the west bengal.
ghosh, who was the west midnapore superintendent of police for more than six years, was transferred as commandant of the third battalion of the state armed police on december 26, 2017.
she resigned from service two days later.
she was once considered close to west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee and was also awarded a service medal on august 15, 2014.
ghosh was transferred twice, once by the election commission before the 2014 lok sabha polls and the second time by the state itself before the 2016 assembly elections.
she was, however, reinstated as west midnapore sp as soon as the elections got over on both occasions.
an arrest warrant was issued against ghosh in february, 2018 in connection with an extortion case registered at daspur police station in west midnapore district, following her resignation.
the cid, probing cases relating to alleged extortion and misconduct against ghosh, had also conducted raids at various properties, including a house in kolkata that belongs to her husband m a v raju.
a few police officers of inspector and sub-inspector ranks have been arrested by the cid in connection with the probe.
by ptiphagwara: union minister ravishankarprasad prasad has said the government will soon make it mandatory for linking aadhaar with driving licences.
delivering his presidential address at the ongoing 106th indian science congress at lovely professional university here, the minister for law, electronics and information technology said, we are soon going to bring a law which will make it mandatory to link aadhaar with driving licence.
at presently, what happens is that the guilty person who causes an accident flees the scene and gets a duplicate licence.
this helps him go scot-free.
however, with the aadhaar linkage you can change your name but you can change your biometrics, neither iris nor fingerprints.
so the moment you go in for a duplicate licence, the system will say this person already has a driving licence and should not be given a new one, said prasad, explaining the need for the linkage.
eulogising about the centre's 'digital india' programme, the minister claimed that it had bridged the urban-rural divide.
through a power presentation, prasad said, this is digital profile of india -- 123 crore aadhaar cards,121 crore mobile phones, 44.
6 crore smartphones, 56 crore internet users, there has been 51 per cent growth in e-commerce.
there is 130 crore population in india.
he also said digital payment transactions in the country have increased manifold to over rs 2,070 crore in 2017-18.
lpu chancellor ashok mittal, punjab bjp president shwait malik and phagwara mla som parkash were also present on the occasion.
by express news servicethe merger of ailing state-run telecom majors bsnl and mtnl is likely to be a major part of the revival plan being worked on by the government, with official sources saying that the move is a highly favoured one within the telecom ministry.
the department of telecommunications (dot) is already working on the proposal, said officials, but a final decision on the matter will be taken by the union cabinet.
according to sector analysts, the merger, if approved by the cabinet, would be a beneficial move for both the companies, since bsnl will gain from operational synergies and mtnl will gain wider access to the national market.
mtnl is also currently limited to the delhi and mumbai market.
a merger would give it better access to the national market and also allow it to let go of very expensive roaming and interconnect agreements since it will now have access to bsnls large network infrastructure, pointed out a senior analyst who preferred to remain un-named.
a high-powered group of ministers (gom) led by home minister amit shah, and including finance minister nirmala sitharaman and telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad, had met earlier this month to discuss a revival plan for the two cash-strapped companies.
but, officials had said that while several measures including a vrs package were discussed, no final decision was taken.
officials noted, however, that the merger was only one of the many proposals being considered for the revival plan, including the vrs package, 4g allocations, and land asset monetisation.
.
.
.
(but) it is clear mtnl cannot stand on its own.
the cabinet will take the final view on that, said the government source.
both psus have been struggling to generate enough working capital to meet monthly expenses over the last two quarters, with salaries delayed for several thousands.
bsnls provisional losses for financial year 2018-19 is estimated at rs 13,804 crore, while mtnls losses for the year stand at rs 3,398 crore.
while the entry of reliance jio in 2016 disrupted the telecom market and sparked off a costly price war, bsnl and mtnls oversized wage bills are also a crucial problem.
according to the union telecom minister, the annual employee cost of bsnl is a whopping 75 per cent of its annual revenues, while the number is even higher at 87 per cent for mtnl.
bsnl had 1,63,902 employees, including 46,597 executive and 1,17,305 non-executive staff, on its rolls as on march 31, 2019.
according to the sanchar nigam executives association, the move would be good for both companies since several issues like cross payments and pan-india market access will be resolved.
challenges, however, include transfer of liabilities and human resources-related issues like pay packages.
by ptinew delhi: fighting a high-stakes battle, bjp veteran ravishankarprasad prasad has emerged victorious in his first lok sabha election, defeating his colleague-turned opponent shatrughan sinha by more than 2.
84 lakh votes.
a four-time rajya sabha mp, prasad wrested the patna sahib seat in bihar from sinha, a rebel bjp leader who is also known as 'shotgun'.
prasad garnered 6.
07 lakh votes while sinha, a former bollywood star who joined congress earlier this year, managed only 3.
22 lakh votes.
the 65-year-old prasad has held various ministerial portfolios, including that of law and justice, under prime minister narendra modi as well as atal bihari vajpayee governments.
when modi swept to power in 2014, prasad was first given the ministries of telecom and information technology and electronics.
later, he was divested of the telecom portfolio.
also read: lok sabha elections results 2019 highlightscurrently, he is a rajya sabha member and holds the portfolios of law and justice as well as electronics.
he became a rajya sabha member for the first time in 2000 and since then, has been elected to the upper house thrice.
modi government's digital india programme was implemented under prasad's watch.
as it minister, he has also driven several initiatives to galvanise electronics and mobile handset manufacturing in the country besides spearheading programmes for setting up bpo (business process outsourcing) units in smaller towns and cities.
prasad is also an ardent social media user and has over 3.
2 million followers on twitter.
read here | bihar's nda allies may get prominent berths in modi's next powerful cabinetthat said, he also took a firm stand against social media giants like facebook and whatsapp on issues of fake news, data privacy, and election integrity, and has led the charge on draft data protection legislation and tightening of social media rules.
in the past, prasad has been in charge of key portfolios like coal and mines, law and justice, and information and broadcasting under prime minister atal bihari vajpayee.
a noted lawyer and a senior advocate in the supreme court, prasad has fought many high-profile cases.
born in 1954 in bihar, prasad started his political innings as a student leader in 1970s organising protests against the then indira gandhi government.
by ptinew delhi: law minister ravishankarprasad prasad wednesday accused opposition of adopting double standards on the issue of evms, saying leaders from their parties had become chief ministers and prime ministers through the same voting process.
if people of this country elect narendra modi, then evm is faulty.
what is this logic?
he asked the opposition members while replying to the debate on electoral reforms.
this hypocracy and double standards impinge upon the polity of the country, prasad added.
he also pitched for one nation one poll and urged the opposition to consider the proposal with an open mind.
the minister said the government will write to the election commission to have a single voter list for assembly, panchayat and general elections in the country.
prasad said that the government has taken various measures to improve the electoral funding system and that it was ready to consider any other suggestions.
replying to a short duration debate on electoral reforms, prasad countered opposition charges related to misuse of media, social media and electoral bonds during the recently concluded general elections.
time has come for one nation one poll.
we should consider this proposal with an open mind, he said and hoped that some conclusion could be achieved after discussion.
on aspersions related to evms and demand for returning to ballot papers, the minister said that post-1999, as many as 4 general elections and 122 assembly elections have been held using evms.he said manmohan singh became the prime minister twice based on elections held with evms.similarly, many opposition leaders like akhilesh yadav, mayawati and mamta banerjee became cms under evms.the minister said the congress recently won three assembly polls in madhya pradesh, rajasthan and chhattisgarh.
he asserted not a single complaint has been received regarding vote being cast to a particular candidate through the evm and it gets transferred to some other candidate.
on opposition charge of crediting itself with achievements of defence forces during the election campaign, the minister said:  why national security should not become a plank for election discourse?
regarding allegations of managing media and social media, prasad said: stop insulting the voters of this country and try to acknowledge your defeat.
the minister said the government would not allow the misuse of data by foreign powers and said legislation in this regard has been in the works.
he also highlighted that bjp-led nda has returned to power on various schemes and programmes for the welfare of the poor.
on electoral funding, prasad said the government has taken many steps in the past three years to improve the system and the corporates have been asked to give donation only through cheques.
but we need to further plug the gaps where funding part is concerned, he added.
earlier, participating in the debate, derek o'brien (aitc) said the time has come to form laws for electoral reforms in the country while pointing out to various issues like misuse of data by political parties in the elections.
he said parliament should also look at the process to appoint election commissioners.
parliament is above election commission either we amend the constitution we will have to see how election commissioners are elected, o'brien said.
he called for the usage of ballot papers during the election process.
bhupender yadav (bjp) said the time has come to hold parliament and assembly elections simultaneously and urged members of all parties to consider it.
he said electronic voting machines (evms) should be strengthened and there should be no negativity about it.
yadav said the electoral bond should be taken forward to end the influence of money in election process.
he suggested there should be one electoral roll.
senior congress member kapil sibal charged that bjp party incurred huge expenditure on publicity and misused social media during the recent general elections.
he alleged that the election commission did not take any action for violation of its advisory related to naming defence forces for wooing voters during the election campaign.
sibal quoted a report by private agency that suggested a huge amount being spent during the last election, of which 45 per cent was made by the ruling party.
intervening in the debate, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad objected on quoting figures.
continuing his attack, sibal sought to know from where this fund came and whether it was black money or white.
the congress member also said that maximum donations went to bjp through electoral bonds.
sibal charged that several amendments were made in finance act and fcra in the last 2-3 years to facilitate donations during the general poll.
he alleged that donations were given by those corporates which were favoured.
the law minister said sibal had appeared on behalf of the congress in a case related to fcra.
however, sibal refuted the charge and mentioned a few case numbers where he had not appeared before the court.
opposition members sought an apology.
later, bhupender yadav reiterated the charge and placed some document on the table of the house, which was also objected by many opposition members.
continuing its attack, sibal said social media was misused and the bjp on its part enjoyed complete media hegemony.
he alleged that print and election media gave maximum coverage to bjp party.
sibal also said that bjp might have won the election, but constitutional provisions were violated.
he talked about the criminalisation of politics and said that the evms has become counting machines.
ram gopal yadav of sp demanded that we should go back to ballot paper as people do not have faith on evms. he sought one voter list for panchayat, assembly and general elections.
yadav said the government, at the central or state level, should resign six months before elections.
speaking on the suggestion of simultaneous state and lok sabha elections, ramdas athawale of the rpi (a) said all political parties including the congress must come out in its support to save time and electoral expenses.
bjp's vinay p sahasrabuddhe said the recent electoral verdict has established that people of the country believe in evms.he urged political parties to have an open mind with regard to the idea of simultaneous lok sabha and state polls.
t k rangarajan of the cpi m said the election commission must be replaced by a collegium under the sanction of the president of india.
endorsing it, d raja of the cpi said we should agree for a collegium to choose and appoint election commissioners.
satish chandra misra of the bsp said his party opposes use of evms to conduct elections as they can be manipulated.
v vijayasai reddy of the ysrcp made suggestions to reform the electoral process.
ncp's majeed memon said advanced countries such as the us, england, france and germany have banned evms and it was for india to examine why they have banned its use.
echoing similar views, sanjay singh of the aam aadmi party observed that if developed nations are using ballot papers, what is the problem in using it here to conduct polls.
m v rajeev gowda of congress said electoral expenditure caps must be made realistic or the caps must be removed.
new delhi: the decision to demonetise rs 500 and rs 1000 currency notes has started showing results and rs 4 lakh crore has come to banks, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said today.
demonetisation showing results, rs 4 lakh crore has come to banks, all now clean money; terrorist flow of counterfeit money stopped, he retweeted a tweet attributed to him.
he also said maoists and other extremists are now finding their financial backbone completely broken.
india's economy surging, security getting strengthened, he said.
prime minister narendra modi had on november 8 surprised citizens by announcing demonetisation of rs 500 and 1,000 currency notes and since then large number of seemingly unending queues before banks and post offices are seen in order to exchange these currencies.
patna: when cricketer mahendra singh dhoni's aadhaar details were leaked last month, there was nationwide outrage, with questions asked about the safety of citizens personal information.
the jharkhand government has taken things a step further now, by uploading exhaustive personal data, including aadhaar numbers and bank account details, caste status and welfare payouts received on its website.
the jharkhand governments directorate of social security, a wing of the department of women, child development and social security, put on its website elaborate information about thousands of people who received benefits of various social security schemes.
not only the beneficiaries aadhaar numbers, their bank account numbers, the bank branches where these accounts are held were published on the website of the governments social security department.
worse, the social grouping  caste and tribal affiliation  of thousands of beneficiaries is also mentioned on this website.
as per the details uploaded on the website about bermo block of dhanbad district with updated status up to 11.
01 pm on april 21, a typical list of a beneficiarys details goes like this: gunjari devi, age 48, widow of gopal yadav, received benefits under state social security old age pension scheme (sssoaps) in her bank account (number 48111******297) at bank of indias bokaro thermal power station branch and her aadhar number is 4**********5.
similar details of thousands of other beneficiaries of social security schemes such as the aadim janjati pension yojna (ajjpy), indira gandhi national old age pension scheme (ignoaps) and indira gandhi national disability pension scheme (igndps) were put up on the website.
both jharkhand's social welfare minister louis marandi and department secretary mukhmeet singh bhatia were contacted several times for their response on the issue, but they did not pick up the phone calls.
curiously, after these calls were made, the relevant pages of the website were downed at 11.
30 pm saturday and a password interface was inserted, covering up the breach of privacy.
social activists in the state, when told about this, expressed dismay and shock.
they described it as a huge violation of citizens privacy and demanded that the government immediately withdraw such data from the public domain.
it is shocking that it is the government that is doing so.
when only the aadhaar number of m s dhoni went public through a tweet, there was such a hue and cry and the agency that was responsible for the leak was blacklisted for 10 years.
but here the aadhaar numbers and other private information of ordinary citizens is being made public by a state government, said vandana tete, a tribal social activist.
last month, when m s dhoni came to enroll himself for aadhaar in his home town of ranchi, jharkhand capital, the private company handling aadhaar enrolment for the government, csc e-governance services india limited, proudly tweeted a photo of the cricketer and his aadhaar details.
his wife, sakshi rawat, immediately protested through a tweet, which caused a nationwide uproar.
this led union minister for information technology, ravishankarprasad prasad, to tweet: sharing personal information is illegal.
serious action will be taken against this.
finally, the government blacklisted for ten years the centre that leaked the aadhaar receipt of the former skipper of the indian cricket team.
and then the coverupbefore the page was downed, one could access thousands of aadhaar numbers after using the 'detail report' button on the home page.
other details like category (ob, sc et.
al), father/husband's name were also visible.
even the amounts pensioners were being paid was accessible.
all one had to was press the 'search pensioner/know pension status' option on the home page.
and you could choose any area in the state and enter a random name and if there was a person by that name drawing a pension, those details could be visible.
after 11.
30 pm saturday night, the buttons which revealed the aadhar data all returned dead links.
strangely enough, the 'pension.
.
.
' button on the home page now is asking for a 'user id' and 'password' along with a captcha code before it allows you to access details.
hyderabad: the bjp on sunday hit back at congress veteran s jaipal reddy for saying that sardar vallabhbhai patel and jawaharlal nehru are the two eyes for the congress party.
ridiculing reddys remarks, bjp leaders wanted to know, if his claim was true, why the congress had brutally gouged out one of its eyes.
bjp leaders ranging from union ministers ravishankarprasad prasad and bandaru dattatreya to state president k laxman hit back at reddy asking why if the congress really revered patel, he was given the countrys highest civilian award of the bharat ratna only in 1991.
patel passed away in 1950.
nehru, indira gandhi and rajiv gandhi ruled the country for several decades.
why was patel not given bharat ratna till p v narasimha raos tenure in 1991?
union it and law minister ravishankarprasad prasad asked.
he further stated that the bharat ratna was conferred on patel only after a leader from outside the nehru-gandhi family became prime minister.
against the backdrop of reddys comments that the bjp was using patel to target nehru, the minister alleged that leaders critical of the first prime minister were not given the respect they deserved.
union labour minister bandaru dattatreya too came down heavily on reddy, saying that the erstwhile princely state of hyderabad was merged with the country only because of the bold and brave action taken by patel.
in fact nehru tried to create obstacles for the merger of hyderabad with the country.
but, it was the iron man, who acted decisively and brought liberation to the people of hyderabad from the clutches of nizam, dattatreya said.
he said differences between patel and nehru over police action in 1948 following which the hyderabad state was merged with the country, were well known to all.
by iansbeijing: china on thursday hoped india won't be influenced by the us and take an independent judgment on huawei after washington told new delhi that it would act against indian firms found supplying american origin products to the chinese telecom giant.
the world's largest telecom maker has found itself at the centre of us-china damaging trade war.
washington has forbidden the american companies to share technology and equipment with the chinese company who it accuses of spying for beijing.
the us has also reportedly told india that it would take punitive actions against indian companies found supplying american origin products.
china always asks chinese businesses to abide by the laws and regulations in the foreign countries they operate and to do business in accordance with the law.
but we firmly oppose any other country exercising unilateral sanctions based on its domestic laws, chinese foreign ministry spokesperson lu kang said here.
we also oppose using security as a casual phrase to abuse export control, he added.
after the us' warning, india's foreign ministry asked for the inputs from various government departments including the telecom.
earlier this month, india's telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad said india has its security concerns over allowing huawei to participate in the 5g network trial for 5g services.
i believe more and more people and countries have expressed their unbiased attitude concerning huawei's participation in the 5g buildup and we hope india will make an independent judgement and provide a fair, unbiased and non-discriminatory environment to the chinese businesses for mutual benefit, lu said.
india is an an important market for huawei which already has its biggest research and development centre in bengaluru.
the company is keen to provide 5g network services and is hopeful of being allowed to participate in the trial.
however, the controversies surrounding the south china-based company, especially the accusation of espionage for the chinese government, seem to have worried new delhi that shares tense relations with beijing.
huawei, which is also the world's second-largest smartphone maker, was founded and is run by ren zhengfei who formerly served in china's people's liberation army.
the private firm has been accused of sharing foreign data from other countries with the chinese government, a charge denied by both beijing and huawei.
new delhi: the bjps central leaders were touched to the quick again on tuesday by demands for proof that surgical strikes were indeed carried out by the army against pakistan-supported terror launchpads across the line of conrol (loc) in pakistan-occupied kashmir (pok) on september 29.
after delhi chief minister arvind kejriwals clever dig on monday that evidence of the strike may kindly be furnished to scotch international scepticism, it was mumbai congress chief sanjay nirupam who went a step further and called the strikes fake.
every indian wants surgical strikes against pakistan but not a fake one to extract just political benefit by bjp.
politics over national interest, nirupam tweeted.
the tweet provoked stinging criticism from the bjp and his own party hastened to totally dissociate itself from his remarks.
union minister uma bharti targeted nirupam and suggested the congress leader might consider taking pakistani citizenship.
those leaders who say that if pakistan is demanding evidence about the surgical strike they should be given the evidence, such people should take the citizenship of pakistan, she said in pune.
in new delhi, congress spokesman randeep surjewala said the party had taken serious note of nirupams tweet, adding it had full faith in the indian armed forces.
another union minister, ravishankarprasad prasad, trained his guns at kejriwal, who lauded the prime minister for ordering the decisive action, but also added that evidence of the action should be furnished to convince naysayers internationally.
if he believes in the exemplary valour of the armed forces, then why is kejriwal getting swayed by pakistan to ask for proof?
asked prasad.
as for chidambarams remarks, also seeking proof of the surgical action, the minister asked whether congress president sonia gandhi subscribed to the former home ministers scepticism.
reacting to kejriwals statement, his one-time ally anna hazare said, i condemn it.
we must trust the armys words.
we should not doubt what the army has said.
by ptipatna: nearly 60 per cent female voters came out to exercise their franchise in bihar in the lok sabha elections as against just about 55 per cent turnout for men.
as per the figures released by the election commission here, the overall turnout for female voters stood at 59.
92 per cent as against 55.
26 per cent for men.
the constituencies which registered the highest female turnouts were katihar (72.
37), supaul (71.
64), kishanganj (70.
37), araria (69.
39), purnea (68.
15), begusarai (67.
13), samastipur (66.
74), vaishali (66.
62) and ujiarpur (65.
12).
in contrast, the male turnout did not exceed 65 per cent in any of the 40 seats in the state and exceeded 60 per cent in only five supaul, araria, kishanganj, katihar and purnea, it said.
notably, among the constituencies with the highest female turnouts, only supaul and vaishali had a woman candidate as one of the main contestants.
while sitting congress mp ranjeet ranjan is in the fray from supaul, in vaishali the ljp has fielded veena devi.
in some constituencies, the difference between male and female turnout was significantly high.
in sitamarhi 54.
53 per cent men voted as against 64.
36 per cent women.
read| in post-poll spurt of crimes, bihar witnesses loots and murderin madhubani and jhanjharpur, the male turnout stood at 48.
14 per cent and 51.
25 per cent respectively as against 59.
97 per cent and 63.
83 per cent for female voters in these constituencies.
siwan, where the main contest is between kavita singh of jd(u) and heena shahab of rjd, both married to local bahubalis, the female voters appeared similarly enthusiastic as their turnout stood at 59.
56 per cent as against only 50.
17 per cent for men.
however, in adjoining gopalganj (sc) and maharajganj, which did not have any prominent female candidate, womens turnout was, similarly, about 10 per cent higher than that of men.
however, all the constituencies which went to polls in the last phase registered lower female turnouts.
patna sahib, which covers the entire bihar capital, saw a measly 43.
07 per cent female turnout as gainst 49.
27 per cent men.
the seat is witnessing a high-profile battle between actor-turned-politician and second term mp shatrughan sinha, who is the contesting on a congress ticket, and union minister ravishankarprasad prasad who has been fielded by the bjp.
in adjoining pataliputra, lalu prasad's daughter misa bharti's presence in the fray seems to have failed to enthuse female voters as their turnout stood at 52.
40 per cent compared with 59.
07 per cent for male.
in sasaram (sc), which former lok sabha speaker meira kumar seeks to wrest back from bjps chhedi paswan, female turnout was 51.
65 per cent as against 56.
88 per cent for male.
even in nalanda, the home turf of chief minister nitish kumar who has been working over the years to carve out a following among female voters, cutting across caste and religious lines, through measures like reservations in panchayats ban on alcohol and free uniforms and bicycles to school-going girls, only 47.
44 per cent women voted compared with 50.
15 per cent men.
female turnout was similarly lower than that of men in the remaining four seats arrah, jehanabad, karakat and buxar which went to polls on may 19.
the only other seat besides these eight where the female turnout remained lower than that of male was gaya (sc).
former chief minister and ham president jitan ram manjhi is engaged in, virtually, a straight contest with jd(u)s vijay manjhi in the constituency which went to polls in the first phase on april 11 and where 55.
55 per cent women came out to vote as against 56.
74 per cent men.
by iansnew delhi: actor-turned-politician shatrughan sinha said that pakistan founder mohammed ali jinnah was part of the congress family and praised him for his role in independence and development.
addressing a public rally in sausar, madhya pradesh, on friday, sinha said the congress belonged to mahatma gandhi, sardar patel, jinnah, jawaharlal nehru, indira gandhi, rajiv gandhi.
these leaders had played the most important role in the development and freedom of the country.
this is the reason why i have come here, he said.
on saturday, madhya pradesh chief minister kamal nath declined to comment on the development, saying that he has not heard sinha's speech.
speaking to the media on saturday, bharatiya janata party (bjp) national spokesman shahnawaz hussain slammed sinha for the remark.
sinha is contesting the general elections as a congress candidate from the patna sahib lok sabha seat where he will face union minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
by ptijaipur: union minister ravishankarprasad prasad wednesday said that the government cannot hold a debate in parliament on demonetisation just to satisfy ego of congress president rahul gandhi.
prasad hailed the central government for measures like demonetisation and gst and said 1.
5 lakh people deposited rs 5 lakh crore after demonetisation.
debate on demonetisation cannot be organised for ego satisfaction of rahul gandhi.
it would be better if the discussion is based on information.
they made it an issue in gujarat and uttar pradesh elections and had to face defeat, he told reporters at a press conference here.
prasad said the number of taxpayers doubled in the last four years.
only 3.
82 crore people used to file tax in 2013-14 compared to 6.
86 crore in 2017-18.
tax collection, which was rs 6.
38 lakh crore in 2013-14, shot up to rs 10.
20 lakh crore in 2017-18.
nearly 1.
10 crore traders, including 49 lakh new traders started filing tax after the goods and services tax (gst) was implemented, he said.
the union law and justice minister cornered the congress over a range of issues, including its stand on triple talaq and caste-based politics.
he said the congress's desperation was quite evident as the parliamentary elections are approaching and this is why the party was asking prime minister narendra modi's caste.
does the congress no more trust the issue of development?
prasad said.
the congress's dual face was exposed when its leader kamalnath said that it will be a big loss for the party if muslims did not vote for the party and on the other hand the party remains silent when religion-based reservation is proposed in telangana, he said, referring to telangana chief minister k chandrasekhar rao's proposal for 12 per cent reservation to muslims in public educational institutes and government jobs in the state.
the congress, which talks about justice for women, should make its stand clear on triple talaq issue, he said, alleging the party was stalling the bill in rajya sabha.
responding to a question on bringing an ordinance on a ram temple in ayodhya, he said that the government wants its solution under the constitutional ambit and is in favour that the matter be heard soon.
prasad hailed vasundhara raje-led bjp government in rajasthan, saying pulling the state out of bimaru category was the biggest achievement of the ruling dispensation.
bimaru is an acronym for states with poor socio-economic parameter.
new delhi: chief justice of india t s thakur today expressed dissatisfaction with prime minister narendra modi not mentioning the problems faced by the judiciary in his speech on the occasion of 70th independence day, and said he was expecting some words about the judges' appointments.
i think i have reached the peak of my career, so i don't hesitate in saying what i feel.
so, i should speak the truth which touches your hearts.
.
.
we heard speeches by the popular prime minister, the law minister and was expecting something about justice and judges' appointments.
cases used to get decided within 10 years under british rule but even that is not happening now.
the number of cases and people's expectation have risen so substantially that it is becoming difficult to achieve the objective now.
that is why i have time and again requested the prime minister to pay attention towards this aspect, the cji, who had recently made an emotional appeal to the pm in this regard at a function, said.
union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad, however, said that the appointment of judges would go ahead irrespective of whether new memorandum of procedure (mop) was in place or not.
prasad said the absence of mop would not come in the way of the appointment of judges to higher judiciary.
the centre and the judiciary have been at loggerheads in recent times on finalisation of the memorandum of procedure which deals with the appointment of judges in high courts and the supreme court.
the collegium had questioned the centre's right to reject its recommendation on grounds of national interest and had asked it to change certain other clauses.
the clause on the right to reject a recommendation on national interest is contrary to the current practice where the government is bound to accept a recommendation by the collegium, comprising the cji and four senior-most judges of the supreme court, if it reiterates the same.
recently, an apex-court bench headed by the cji had given a stern message to the centre over non-execution of the collegium's decision to transfer and appoint chief justices and judges in high courts and said that it would not tolerate logjam in judges' appointment and would intervene to fasten accountability as justice delivery system was collapsing.
in a function organised by the supreme court bar association on 70th independence day, the cji said unemployment is a major challenge today and freedom in real sense is freedom from unemployment and exploitation.
when we pay homage to our martyrs who lost lives for the sake of the country we should introspect and examine how much we have lived up to their ideals, he said.
new delhi: taking a serious view of public sharing of aadhaar details of ms dhoni, the unique identification authority of india (uidai) has blacklisted for 10 years the entity that had enrolled the ace cricketer.
the uidai has also ordered an inquiry to determine any possible involvement of others and take action as per the aadhaar act.
we have blacklisted vle (village level entrepreneur) who enrolled m.s. dhoni for leaking aadhaar receipt which carried his personal information.
at uidai, we are very strict on the privacy issue.
we have ordered further inquiry on the matter and action will be taken against all those involved in the leak, uidai chief executive officer ajay bhushan pandey said.
he also said action will be taken even against those involved in tweeting the picture of the receipt through the official twitter account (cscegov) of the state-run csc e-governance services.
the uidai crackdown came after dhonis wife sakshi flagged the matter and complained about it to law and it minister ravishankarprasad prasad, who promised swift action.
the agencys common services centre (csc) through its handle @cscegov posted a tweet yesterday saying ace cricketer mahendra singh dhoni and his family get their aadhaar updated at vle mariya farooquis cse at ranchi, jharkhand.
prasad was tagged in the tweet.
it included a photograph of the cricketer with a csc representative and another of his personal details on what appeared to be the aadhaar website.
the tweet with the information was later removed.
is there any privacy left?
information of aadhaar card, including application, is made public property, sakshi had tweeted.
the issue of aadhaar details of dhoni going public figured during the discussion on the finance bill, 2017, in the rajya sabha.
the opposition raised the issue opposing the governments move to introduce aadhaar details for filing income tax returns.
finance minister arun jaitley said just because somebody hacks information, aadhaar cannot be done away with.
by ptiwashington: top innovators and though leaders will gather for a day-long brainstorming session aimed at transforming the economic, social and technological landscape of india, at the prestigious massachusetts institute of technology (mit) next week.
weaved around the theme 'pioneering innovation', the mit-india conference would be held on april 8.
the mit students have invited more than a dozen leaders from india for a day-long interactive session on issues like future of inclusive growth, future of transportation, future of digitisation in emerging economies and future of artificial intelligence (ai) and work.
it will spotlight india's biggest innovators and though leaders, and explore how they're transforming the economic, social, and technological landscape of india, student organisers of the event said today.
as per the list of speakers released by the mit-india conference, prithviraj chauhan, the former maharashtra chief minister would address on 'future of public policy innovations' while hcl ceo roshni nadar malhotra would deliver a key note address on 'future of corporations and human capital'.
anant agarwal, ceo of edx, would interact with students on future of education, accenture india chairman rekha m menon will speak about future of ai and work and top philanthropist gururaj 'desh' deshpande on future of inclusive growth.
while ashish chauhan, ceo of bse (formerly bombay stock exchange) is scheduled to interact with mit students on future of indian economy, hamsa balakrishnan, associate professor, mit department of aeronautics and astronautics on future of transportation, and ananth narayanan, ceo of myntra & jabong, on future of fashion and e-commerce.
kirthiga reddy, managing global client partner emerging markets lead, global partnerships, facebook would be delivering a key-note address on future of digitisation in emerging economies, vani kola, founder and managing director of kalaari capital on future of venture capital and entrepreneurship in the digital economy and anjali sastry, senior lecturer, mit sloan school of management, on future of healthcare.
since 2011, the mit-india conference has brought together visionaries from various fields, including government, energy, finance, social impact, technology, and the film and media industry.
past keynote speakers included nadir godrej, shekhar kapur, narayana murthy, ravishankarprasad prasad, and raghuram rajan, among others.
by ptibeijing: china on tuesday hoped that india would make an independent and objective judgement on permitting its telecom giant huawei in 5g trials and services in the country.
the us has banned huawei, the world's leader in telecom equipment and the number two smartphone producer, over concerns of security and washington has been pressuring other countries to restrict the operations of the chinese telecom firm.
india, however, is yet to take a call on whether it intends to place curbs on huawei or allow the chinese telecom equipment maker to participate in the upcoming 5g trials.
asked whether china was worried that india would prevent huawei from taking part in 5g trials, chinese foreign ministry spokesperson hua chunying said huawei has been doing business for a long time in india and made remarkable contribution to india's economic and social development.
on the issue of chinese enterprises' participation in 5g construction in india, we hope that the indian side can make an independent and objective judgment, provide a fair, just and non-discriminatory business environment for chinese enterprises' investment and operation, and achieve mutual benefit and win-win results, she said in reply to a query posted on the chinese foreign ministry website.
also read | government officials shouldn't attend huawei's conference; can't rely on chinese telecom firm: sjmaccording to a recent report quoting union communications minister, ravishankarprasad prasad india plans to develop its own 5g network.
5g is the next generation cellular technology with download speeds stated to be 10 to 100 times faster than the current 4g lte networks.
the 5g networking standard is seen as critical because it can support the next generation of mobile devices in addition to new applications like driverless cars.
by ptimumbai: the bombay high court tuesday granted anticipatory bail to a man accused of giving his wife instant triple talaq, saying it was not for the court to decide the matter at this stage.
intekhab alam munshi, a resident of vasai area in the neighbouring palghar district, had approached the high court last month after his plea for anticipatory bail was rejected by a sessions court in palghar on november 21.
the sessions court had rejected his plea on the ground that the investigating officer (io) in the case needed munshi's custodial interrogation to ascertain whether the divorce proceedings, initiated by him earlier this year, amounted to triple talaq, a practice banned under the law.
however, a single bench of high court presided over by justice p d naik held tuesday that it was not for the court to decide at the stage of anticipatory bail proceedings whether munshi's divorce proceedings amounted to triple talaq.
this is a case of matrimonial dispute.
the custodial interrogation of the applicant (munshi) is not required as most of the probe at this stage depends on documental facts, justice naik said while allowing munshi's plea seeking protection from arrest in the case.
the judge, however, imposed certain conditions on munshi's bail, including a direction to him to report to the io each saturday for two hours for the next two months.
according to the fir registered in the case, munshi and his wife got married in 1998.
on september 22, while his wife was at her parents' house, munshi sent her a divorce notice bearing his signature and the signatures of a lawyer and two witnesses, stating that he did not see any scope of reconciliation between them and therefore, was annulling their marriage.
the wife claimed that the notice was equivalent to instant talaq or triple talaq, also known as 'talaq-e-biddat' that is now prohibited under an ordinance.
the lawyer and the two witnesses who signed the notice have also been made accused in the case.
the lawyer was granted anticipatory bail by a local court recently.
munshi claimed before the trial court and the high court that he had not initiated any proceedings under triple talaq.
instead, he had sent his wife three notices between july and september under the proceedings of 'talaq-e-ahsan', the legal marriage annulment process for muslims that includes room for reconciliation, he said.
but advocate amin solkar, the lawyer for munshi's wife, denied having received the previous two notices.
solkar argued that since the ordinance banned instantaneous divorce, munshi's divorce notice must be considered as illegal and void by the court under the new law.
justice naik, however, refrained from making any prima facie (on the face of it) comments on the nature of the divorce notices.
the union cabinet had in september approved an ordinance to ban the practice of instant triple talaq, with law minister ravishankarprasad prasad saying there was a compelling necessity to bring the measure as instances of 'talaq-e-biddat' continued unabated despite the supreme court striking it down.
instant triple talaq, also known as talaq-e-biddat, is an instant divorce whereby a muslim man can legally divorce his wife by pronouncing 'talaq' three times in one go.
under the proposed ordinance, instant triple talaq has been declared illegal and void and will attract a jail term of three years for the husband.
by ptipanaji: in the wake of several incidents of drowning while clicking selfies at the beaches in goa, the state-appointed lifeguard agency has identified 24 'no selfie' points along the coast.
the agency has already put up red flags on all the beaches marking them as 'no-swim' zones to prevent cases of drowning.
in south goa, places including agonda, bogmalo, hollant, baina, japanese garden, betul, canaguinim, palolem, khola, cabo de rama, polem, galgibagh, talpona and rajbagh will be 'no selfie' zones, he added.
these points will have 'no selfie' signages.
the existing signage boards are being upgraded with pictorial instructions on flags, an emergency toll-free number and dos and don'ts while visiting the beaches of goa, he said.
the agency has issued an advisory cautioning tourists and visitors not to venture into the sea during the monsoon season (between june 1 and september 30) as the sea and wind conditions are not favourable for swimming or water-based recreational activities.
red flags have been put up on all beaches marking them as no-swim zones, shankar said.
the lifeguards are closely monitoring the weather conditions and are on duty throughout the monsoon period from 7.
30 am till 6 pm daily, he said.
in addition to that, two drishti lifeguards are available at every lifeguard tower to handle any emergency which may crop up until 8 pm.
post sunset- from 6 pm to 12 midnight, the beaches are monitored and patrolled by the beach safety patrol (bsp), he added.
by online desknew delhi: rajya sabha passed the jammu and kashmir reorganisation bill on monday seeking to divide the state of j&k into two union territories  ladakh and jammu & kashmir.
earlier in the day, home minister announced in the parliament the scrapping of article 370, which gave j&k a special status.
shah said the ut in ladakh will have no legislature like chandigarh while the other ut of jammu and kashmir will have a legislature like delhi and puducherry.
the article 370, notwithstanding anything in the foregoing provisions of this article, the president may, by public notification, declare that this article shall cease to be operative or shall be operative only with such exceptions and modifications and from such date as he may specify: provided that the recommendation of the constituent assembly of the state referred to in clause (2) shall be necessary before the president issues such a notification, read out shah in the ruckus in the upper house of parliament.
constitution (application to #jammuandkashmir) order 2019.
#article370 #operationkashmirread: https://t.
co/wnpzfwodap pic.
twitter.com/ila9pf9xhu  the new indian express (@newindianxpress) august 5, 2019as shah was reading his statements, sentiments ran high in the house.
the opposition was shouting, a copy of the indian constitution was torn and the opposition even went on to sit in the well of the house.
pdp's rajyasabha mps nazir ahmad laway was the one who tore a copy of constitution and was marshalled out along with party mp mm fayaz.
another member unbuttoned his shirt and sloganeering continued to protest the introduction of resolution to abrogate article 370 and reorganisation of jammu and kashmir by home minister amit shah.
pdp mp nazeer ahmed laway and mohammed faiyaz protest outside the parliament house in new delhi on monday.
(photo | shekhar yadav, eps)home minister amit shah said in his statement that there is a provision in article 370 that allows president authority in this regards.
twice efforts have been made in 1952 and 1962 to do the same.
we can pass this with majority in house, shah told the house following members raised objections.
ghulam nabi azad countering shah's address said, entire valley is under curfew, political leaders including three former chief ministers are under house arrest.
there is a war-like situation in the state, so this should be discussed on prioritythe groundbreaking announcement came soon after prime minister narendra modi held a cabinet meeting at his residence this morning.
highlights:jawaharlal nehru ji also said 370 ghiste-ghiste ghis jaayegi, magar 370 ko itne jatan se sambhalke rakha, 70 saal hue, ghisi nahi.
everyone accepts it's a temporary provision, but can temporary continue for 70 years, when will it go, how will it go: amit shahfull state status will be restored to jammu and kashmir at the appropriate time; when normalcy returns: home minister.
terrorism cannot be eliminated from jammu and kashmir till article 370 is there: home ministeryou stand here in parliament and say bloodshed will happen in kashmir.
what message are you sending to the valley?
you want them to continue living in 18th century system, don't ppl there have right to live in the 21st century?
those who provoke have kids studying in london and us: amit shahright to education is not implemented in kashmir; why should valley children not get the benefit of education: home ministerghulam nabi azad said inter-state marriages are taking place.
if a j&k girl marries a man from odisha, will she and her child get any rights in j&k?
you're happy that inter-state marriages are taking place, even though there is no law, but set them free, j&k will mix with india in true sense: amit shahayushman bharat scheme is there but where are the hospitals?
where are doctors and nurses?
(in kashmir) those supporting 35a please tell me which famous doctor will go and live there and practice?
he can't own land or house nor his children can vote: shahonly a few chosen families gained from article 370.
the integration will create jobs in kashmir: amit shahhome minister amit shah tables the constitution (application to jammu and kashmir) order 2019 in lok sabhait is something the country has been waiting for the last 70 years.
even our manifesto mentioned the need to abrogate article 370, so it is not something we brought out suddenly like a rabbit from a magic hat: fm nirmala sitharaman#watch ladakh: bjp workers celebrate in leh after union government passes a resolution to revoke article 370 and ladakh and j&k be made union territories.
pic.
twitter.com/mzr7nwzyx3  ani (@ani) august 5, 2019kapil sibal: today we should think about why we're here and what should democracy involve.
i know bill will be passed as you have manufactured a majority, therefore, we can do nothing about it.
while you call this a historic moment, only history will judge whether it was historic or not.
congress member p chidambaram while calling it a sad day, says momentarily you may think you have scored a victory, but you are wrong and history will prove you to be wrong.
future generations will realize what a grave mistake this house is making today.
we are reducing states to municipal administration.
today, you have reduced states to colonies.
how can you modify an article using the same article.
bjp's jitendra singh says article 370 was a miscarriage in history.
the common man in srinagar is rejoicing, he says.
we have no right to deprive j&k to be a part of this global world.
nationalist congress party mp vandana chavan in rajya sabha: the ncp will abstain from voting on this bill.
punjab chief minister captain amarinder singh: constitution of india had been rewritten without following any legal provisions.
such a historic decision should not have been taken and pushed through in this arbitrary manner.
calling today a black monday, tmc's derek o'brien says tomorrow bengal can become four states, or odisha can become, what's your lucky number, seven states.
or worse you could become a ut.
what we saw was a mockery of parliament.
telugu desam party supports the union govt as it seeks to repeal article 370.
i pray for the peace and prosperity of the people of j&k.
#article370  n chandrababu naidu (@ncbn) august 5, 2019nsa ajit doval is expected to visit kashmir valley today along with other senior security officials to review the situation on ground.
nsa doval had earlier visited srinagar in last week of july before the implementation of decision to revoke article 370.
ghulam nabi azad,congress in rajya sabha: shameful that you have turned j&k into a non-entity by making a lt governor there, so that you can appoint even a peon or a clerk, sitting here (delhi).
close to 8,000 paramilitary troops airlifted and moved in from uttar pradesh, odisha, assam and other parts of the country to the kashmir valley.
the induction is still going on.
indian army and indian air force have been put on high alert, following revoking of article 370 and other decisions announced by the centre.
ministry of home affairs: it is requested to take special care to ensure the safety and security of residents of jammu & kashmir, especially the students in various parts of the country.
https://t.
co/g1gqgxxqdv  ani (@ani) august 5, 2019the united nations has appealed to both india and pakistan for maximum restraint along the line of control (loc) in the kashmir region.
quoting the un secretary-general's spokesman stephane dujarric, radio pakistan said the appeal has been made to both the neighbouring countries.
he also said that the un military observer group in india and pakistan has reported an increase in military activity at the loc recently, reported ani.
while some political parties welcomed the 'historic decision', a section of leaders slammed the government's decision calling it a failure and murder of democracy.
darkest day in indian democracy: mehboobaamong the first to slam the historic decision was former j-k chief minister mehbooba mufti.
the pdp leader who is reportedly under house arrest said, today marks the darkest day in indian democracy.
decision of j&k leadership to reject 2 nation theory in 1947 & align with india has backfired.
unilateral decision of goi to scrap article 370 is illegal & unconstitutional which will make india an occupational force in j&k.
it will have catastrophic consequences for the subcontinent.
gois intentions are clear.
they want the territory of j&k by terrorising its people.
india has failed kashmir in keeping its promises.
mehbooba mufti (@mehboobamufti) august 5, 2019statement of omar abdullah, vice-president of national conference and ex-cm of j&kbjp has murdered constitution: ghulam nabi azadcongress' ghulam nabi azad also pulled no punches i strongly condemn the act of pdp's mir fayaz and nazir ahmed laway who attempted to tear constitution.
we stand by the constitution of india.
we will sacrifice our lives to protect the indian constitution, but today bjp has murdered constitution, he said.
a border state, which is culturally, geographically, historically&politically different was bound together by article 370.
drunk in power and to get votes, bjp govt scrapped 3-4 things.
they've cut off head of the country.
political parties will fight&stand with j&k.
pdp's rs mps nazir ahmad laway&mm fayaz protest in parliament premises after resolution revoking article 370 from j&k moved by hm in rajya sabha; the 2 pdp mps were asked to go out of the house after they attempted to tear the constitution.
mm fayaz also tore his kurta in protest pic.
twitter.com/btaluzmnco  ani (@ani) august 5, 2019this is a day of shame, shame, shame: mdmk leader vaikoyou have played with the sentiments of people of kashmir.
when additional army personnel were deployed there, i was worried.
kashmir should not become kosovo, east timor and south sudan.
i am opposing this bill (article 370).
this is a day of shame, shame, shame.
.
.
this is murder of democracy.
former attorney general soli sorabjee: i don't think there is anything revolutionary here.
it's a political decision even though it is not a wise decision.
constitution expert subhash kashyap: i can only say, constitutionally it is sound, no legal & constitutional fault can be found in it.
govt has carefully studied the matter.
as for the question, if it's a political decision, i have nothing to say on that.
sharad pawar, ncp said, i think govt of india should have taken them (leaders of the valley) into confidence which unfortunately the govt didn't do.
and then they should have taken the decision to revoke 370.
aiadmk's support is condemnable: stalindmk president stalin, said, without consulting people of jammu and kashmir, article 370 has been taken away.
democracy has been murdered.
aiadmk is also supporting the decision which is condemnable.
you're creating another palestine: tk rangarajancpi(m) leader tk rangarajan said, it's black day.
indian constitution has been raped by bjp govt.
you didn't consult people of j&k-ladakh.
you dissolved assembly, you don't want to hold any election.
you've taken another 35000 army people there.
you're creating another palestine.
among the prominent supporters of the government's move to axe article 370 are delhi cm arvind kejriwal, tamil nadu's aiadmk, shiv sena.
a.
navaneethakrishnan, aiadmk mp in rajya sabha: amma is well known for upholding sovereignty and integrity.
so aiadmk party supports the two resolutions, reorganisation bill & the reservation bill.
bsp mp satish chandra mishra announced his party's complete support to the bill.
we want that the bill be passed.
our party is not expressing any opposition to article 370 bill & the other bill, mishra said in rs.
we support the govt on its decisions on j & k. we hope this will bring peace and development in the state.
arvind kejriwal (@arvindkejriwal) august 5, 2019bjp mp from ladakh jamyang tsering namgyal said, i welcome the bill on behalf of everyone in ladakh.
people there wanted the region to be a union territory.
people in ladakh wanted that the region be freed from the dominance and discrimination of kashmir, that is happening today.
bjd mp prasanna acharya said, in real sense today, jammu & kashmir has become a part of india.
my party supports this resolution.
we are a regional party but for us nation is first.
shiv sena's sanjay raut: today jammu and kashmir has been taken.
tomorrow we will take balochistan and pok.
i am confident that we will fulfil pm's dream of 'undivided india'.
mumbai: sweets distributed by shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray, after resolution revoking article 370 from j&k was moved by union home minister amit shah in rajya sabha today.
pic.
twitter.com/iw2ane9rrt  ani (@ani) august 5, 2019courageous step: rsswelcoming the 'courageous step' by the government, rashtriya sevak sangh said, this was very essential for interest of j&k as well as the entire country.
rising from selfish motives and political differences, everyone should welcome and support this move.
a historical wrong has been undone today.
article 35a came through the back door without following the procedure under article 368 of the constitution of india.
it had to go.
arun jaitley (@arunjaitley) august 5, 2019jd (u) leader kc tyagi said, our chief nitish kumar is carrying forward the tradition of jp narayan, ram manohar lohia & george fernandes.
so our party is not supporting the bill moved in the rajya sabha today.
we have different thinking.
we want that article 370 should not be revoked.
what was article 370 which government scrapped today.
a morning of many meetingscabinet meetings generally take place on wednesdays, though there are instances when it has been called on other days to consider important issues.
read more | opposition parties meet to discuss security situation in jammu and kashmirin monday's extraordinary meeting, shah reportedly briefed the cabinet about the j&k situation and measures taken to address challenges posed by alleged pakistan sponsored terrorism.
before the cabinet meet, the pm reportedly chaired a meeting of the cabinet committee on security.
according to media reports, amit shah also had a one-on-one meeting with the prime minister.
union minister for law and justice ravishankarprasad prasad met the home minister amit shah ahead of the cabinet meeting, with the government likely to table legislative proposal to give effect to decision concerning the state.
read more | sec 144 imposed in srinagar; j-k leaders including omar abdullah, mehbooba mufti under house arrestthe cabinet meeting was scheduled with just three days of the budget session of parliament remaining.
bjp leaders, however, argued that the security build-up is to scorch remnants of terrorism in the valley ahead of the assembly polls.
meanwhile, the state has become a fortress with deployment of over 38,000 additional security forces.
senior political leaders from the valley have been put under house arrest.
the internet and telephonic services have also been disconnected in the valley.
by ptinew delhi: the bjp monday accused congress leader p chidambaram of mocking the ram temple initiative and sardar vallabhbhai patel's statue, saying the former union minister's comments were highly irresponsible and very provocative.
union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said it was a case of classic hypocrisy that while congress president rahul gandhi visits temples and portrays himself as a 'shiv bhakt', a senior leader of his party was making such comments.
prasad's attack on the congress came after chidambaram tweeted targeting the modi government.
at the beginning of five years, the promise is for development, jobs and money in every citizen's bank account.
nothing achieved, at the end of five years, the new promise is for grand temples, giant statues and doles, the congress leader had tweeted.
prasad said chidambaram is obviously mocking the ram temple initiative and the patel's statue of liberty, the tallest in the world.
please stop it.
don't play with sentiments, he said, asking gandhi to make his stand clear on the issue and demanding that he and his mother sonia gandhi express regret.
there cannot be a bigger insult to patel, he said, asking why the congress reacted in such a manner to his one statue when hundreds of schemes, awards, scholarships among other recognitions are named after nehru-gandhi family.
the congress worked to erase patel's legacy and the bjp is proud that the biggest statue in his memory was built under the modi government, prasad said.
he also objected to congress leader mallikarjun kharge drawing a parallel between modi and nazi dictator adolf hitler and said it was due to the party's frustration and its impending defeat in the coming elections.
polls in five states are scheduled for this month and december and will be followed by the lok sabha elections.
taking a dig at kharge, prasad said he cannot take one step without permission of his party's ruling family while the bjp is run on democratic principles.
kolkata: former minister chandrima bhattacharya of trinamool congress won the kanthi dakshin vidhan sabha seat on thursday, defeating her nearest rival sourindra mohan jana of bjp by a margin of 42,000 votes.
while the ruling party secured 95,369 votes, bjp dislodged cpi from the second position by securing 52,843 votes.
left party candidate uttam pradhan came third with 17,423 votes.
with 2200 votes, congress polled only around 800 votes more than nota.
while ruling trinamool congress slightly increased its voting percentage to 55 per cent from 53 per cent since april 2016, bjp registered a huge increase in vote share from 8 per cent in 2016 to around 30 per cent on thursday.
likewise, cpi saw a massive slide in its vote share, gaining only 10 per cent of the total votes polled.
the bypoll was necessitated after incumbent mla dibyendu adhikari of tmc was elected in the tamluk lok sabha seat in the bypolls held in november 2016.
more than 80 per cent of the electorate exercised their franchise during the kanthi dakshin bypoll held on april 9.
polls in the 258 polling booths of the constituency were largely peaceful.
west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee said it was peoples will that got reflected in the polls.
on the other hand, union law and justice minister ravishankarprasad prasad said that the decimated congress and left means that bengal is soon to witness an era of the rise of bjp.
however, winning candidate chandrima bhattacharya has said that the opposition parties congress, cpm and bjp worked hand-in-hand which explains the bjp gains in the vidhan sabha seat.
bhopal/new delhi: more questions cropped up today on the killing of eight simi men in bhopal even as the police asserted that it was a genuine encounter and chief minister shivraj singh chouhan and other bjp leaders decried attempts to politicise and communalise the incident.
congress leader digvijay singh led the opposition charge saying that the nia probe should be court-monitored and called for a separate judicial probe into why only undertrial activists of simi and muslims were involved in jailbreaks in madhya pradesh.
bsp chief mayawati, cpi(m) and rjd also made a strong pitch for a judicial probe into the encounter while casting aspersions on the official version in view of the evidence that has appeared so far including purported video clips.
what is the reason that simi activists, who are muslims involved in jailbreaks and not hindu prisoners.
earlier it happened in khandwa jail and now bhopal, why muslims are only involved and not hindus in jailbreaks, digvijay singh said.
alleging that these were cold-blooded murders, lawyer of the simi activists parvez alam said their families have decided to approach the madhya pradesh high court seeking a cbi probe.
the families of the deceased have come to me and are weeping inconsolably for justice.
we are going to move the mp high court for a cbi probe into the entire incident, he said.
the tv grabs show police and ats firing.
there is no evidence that the accused fired.
this is a fake encounter and (these are) cold blooded murders, he claimed and contested the claims by police that the inmates had escaped from the jail and were armed.
however, inspector general yogesh choudhary remained firm on the police version and said it was a genuine encounter.
he added that they will probe the authenticity of the videos or other evidence.
i have not seen the videos.
if there are any video or other evidence, their veracity as well as their usage would be taken into consideration.
i would like to reiterate that we have recovered four firearms and three sharp weapons from these people.
we have recovered two 315 bore countrymade pistols and two 12 bore 'kattas' from which around six rounds were fired.
he said police will probe whether the simi men got some external help.
between 2 and 3 am and at 10:30-11:30 am when the actual confrontation took place, the main point and the road map of investigation is that what happened in between and from where did they get help.
did they get any external help or they had something on their own is one of the main points of investigation, he said.
i am very clear that the incident as i have depicted has happened the way it has happened.
three of our men had injuries from sharp weapons, he said.
slamming the critics, chouhan and union minister venkaiah naidu alleged that some leaders and parties were playing dirty politics and attempting to communalise the issue which dealt with the country's security.
singh reminded that the slain men were dreaded terrorists who could have wreaked devastation after fleeing the prison.
government and bjp said while the facts will come out clearly after the probe, doubts should not be raised on the action of security and armed forces as it lowers their morale even as they called upon everyone to speak in one voice on issues of national security.
the eight simi activists were killed in an alleged encounter with police on the outskirts of bhopal hours after they escaped from the high-security central jail there killing a security guard yesterday.
as a controversy raged over the police action after the daring pre-dawn jail-break, tv channels had shown footage purportedly from the encounter site in which a policeman is seen pumping bullets into a man from close range after some unidentified person takes out what appears to be a knife said to be in a plastic cover and places it back.
bsp supremo mayawati launched a scathing attack on madhya pradesh government, accusing it of using police for fulfilling the rss agenda and demanded a judicial probe into the incident.
she also charged that police is misused for political and communal motives in bjp-ruled states.
eight prisoners related to simi were unarmed.
they could have been arrested easily again but no attempts were made in this regard.
prima facie this matter appears suspicious and justice demands judicial probe into the entire incident of encounter, she said in a statement.
digvijay singh recalled that in 2013, simi activists had escaped from khandwa prison and claimed that information about a possible jailbreak was provided to the state chief secretary but no action was taken and a jailbreak happened on october 31.
i am against all those who do politics by dividing society in the name of religion and that includes (aimim leader) mr (asaduddin) owaisi, he said amid criticism of his remarks.
rjd chief lalu prasad also demanded a thorough probe into the encounter to ascertain whether it was fake.
it must be investigated whether the encounter is fake or genuine.
there is a doubt on that, hence it must be investigated properly, he said.
former cpi(m) general secretary prakash karat said the manner in which these eight people escaped from jail and were traced and shot dead shows that this was not any ordinary case.
that is why the whole matter has to be inquired.
it has to be done by an independent judicial probe, he said.
raising doubts on the encounter, karat said, it should not be done by nia as already evidence has appeared which casts doubts on the whole official version.
information and broadcasting minister m venkaiah naidu defended the action saying some people are showing more concern for those who broke the law rather than for the security forces.
some people are showing more concern for them (activists) rather than showing concern for safety and security of indians and india as a nation.
this has become a fashion for some people.
some people are also attributing communal colour.
this is all cheap politics.
i appeal to all to avoid politics and take care of the safety and security of people, he said.
another union minister ravishankarprasad prasad said, i would appeal to all to speak in one voice on national security.
he questioned the congress party and its chief sonia gandhi whether with digvijay singh's views, recalling how she had to dissociate herself from him when he made some remarks about batla house encounter.
i condemn this.
why do they not ask questions on who killed the jail havildar.
atleast on national security, all should speak in one voice.
narendra modi government has taken effective steps against terrorism and will continue to do so, prasad said.
union minister kiren rijiju also said raising doubts and questioning the police should stop as no conclusion should be drawn on the basis of videos alone.
bjp spokesperson nalin kohli said in a democracy, the rule of law is supreme but importance of human rights is also there.
what needs to be seen is that those who are asking questions are approaching this with a disproportionate attitude.
how many people have even shared a tear on the havildar killed.
there is there a disproportionate focus only on raising questions against the police.
will it not in some way weaken the resolve of police forces, armed forces, the army, when questions are only against of them.
focus is made to appear if they are always in the wrong, he said.
meanwhile, in the wake of the jail break by eight simi activists in bhopal, gujarat police also conducted a major security review at sabarmati central jail in ahmedabad which houses over 75 prisoners alleged to be of students islamic movement of india (simi) and indian mujahideen.
new delhi: it minister ravishankarprasad prasad today said nearly 10 lakh people have received training in digital payment system in the last 4 days.
we have a web portal which was set up around 4 days ago on digital payment training.
as per latest data, 10 lakh people have registered for it out of 9.
5 lakh have been trained, 31,000 shopkeepers have been trained across 476 districts, prasad said at ficci's 89th annual general meeting.
he further said the government is paying rs 10 per individual, rs 100 for a training camp and rs 200 for training each shopkeeper.
the government has chalked out a plan to train 1.
2 crore people under awareness and training programme on digital payments.
he said that demonetisation is a part of a transformative programme which is aimed for stronger and more movable digital economy.
speaking at another event, digidhan mela, prasad said the government will organise fair across the country to help people enroll for aadhaar, open bank account and make digital payments.
our mps, mlas will go in their areas to help people.
i have asked venkaiah (naidu) ji to work with urban development ministry to take this type (digidhan mela) of programme deep down for people, prasad said.
science and technology minister harsh vardhan said that he has already started awareness programme in his constituency, conducted road shows, meeting with the merchants.
the two-day event 'digidhan mela', organised at national stadium here, saw participation of 29 banks, 18 wallet companies, uidai for aadhaar enrolment, jio money etc to help people make digital payments.
by express news servicenew delhi: union minister for home affairs amit shah on monday introduced a bill in the lok sabha which seeks to extend the reservation benefits to people in habitations around international border (ib) on the lines of the existing benefits for those residing along line of control (loc).
union minister ravishankarprasad prasad also introduced aadhaar amendment bill, which proposes stiff penal actions against violation of norms.
both the bills would replace ordinances which the government had come out with on the eve of the lok sabha elections.
the bill on j&k reservation amendment would extend the reservation benefits for scheduled castes, scheduled tribes, other backward castes.
the cabinet had earlier approved the bill on the grounds that the people residing on ib faced similar hardships as have the case with those living in habitations around loc.
three per cent reservation is currently applicable in the state only for the people residing within six kms of the loc.
the bill once passed by parliament would benefit people residing in jammu, kathua and other places.
the aadhaar and other laws (amendment) bill introduced in lok sabha by prasad was opposed by the rsp mp n k premchandran, who cited the supreme court verdict on privacy.
however, prasad argued that the apex court has held aadhaar to be a valid law, while its in the national interest.
he stressed that the bill in no way violates the privacy of the citizens.
he claimed that the people are voluntarily accepting aadhaar.
by aninew delhi: pitching india as an attractive destination for electronics manufacturing, union minister of electronics and information technology ravishankarprasad prasad on monday stated that the fundamentals of the indian economy remain strong amidst global and political turbulence.
he was delivering the keynote address at the ceos round-table at an event 'towards a global electronics hub' here.
in spite of all the turbulence we are witnessing globally, the fundamentals of the indian economy are very strong.
whether it is fiscal deficit, inflation, fdi or forex reserves, all point towards robustness of our economy, prasad said.
also read | nirmala sitharaman unveils measures for exports, real estate sectors to boost growthhe stated that the government's policy interventions have made india an investor-friendly place and pointed out the government's tax reforms and the country's improved ranking in logistics performance index and ease of doing business index.
we have the credentials, we have the credibility and we have got a determined leadership which has commented in unmistakable terms that india must become a global hub of electronics manufacturing, prasad said.
prasad further stated that the electronics industry can look towards india's extraordinary demographic dividend, a seasoned knowledge economy system and most importantly, political stability in the country.
in the current turbulent political and economic times, india is an ocean of political stability.
we have a democratic government, corruption-free government and a reform-oriented government which is led by a visionary leader having global respect, he said.
also read | tough time will pass: nitin gadkari on economic slowdowndiscussing electronics manufacturing in india, prasad said that india's share has grown in the global electronics manufacturing in the last seven years.
he also announced the government's vision to become a hub of strategic electronics and medical electronics in the future.
the union minister also indicated towards institutionalisation of a task force to enhance the interface between the government and the market.
have retail fuel prices of petroleum productspetrol and dieselbeen as high ever?
the answer is no.
but then we live in uncertain times.
the us sanctions on venezuela, where elections disrupted the oil output, and the impending threat of sanctions on iran have no doubt pushed up crude prices.
the indian oil corporation, the biggest importer from iran, is bracing in anticipation of what may come.
but does this backdrop justify the tenth consecutive hike, which has left the common indian gasping?
the nda government has had a long cushion after global oil prices crashed with increased output.
that comfort was never passed on to the consumer.
instead, it was used to ramp up revenues, which increased by `1,64,654 crore between 2013-14 and 2016-17, nicely covering up for the dipping parameters on all other counts.
the excise duty on crude, as it stands today, is nine and four times more, on petrol and diesel respectively, from what it was before the nda took over in 2014.
cash-strapped state governments have also levied their own taxes to make up for shortfalls elsewhere.
the never-before seen retail prices are the result: diesel was at `73 a litre, a level that would have been seen as extremely costly for petrol just the other day; petrol was at a princely `85.
and global oil prices are hovering around $79.
53 a barrel.
the petroleum minister, after making some illegible noises about government intervention, left it to law minister ravishankarprasad prasad (why him no one knows) to offer unconvincing rationalisations about long-term benefits.
for, in the short term, the economy is under severe strain, commodity prices are levitating at unheard-of level.
consumers, with not much left in their hands, can spend little.
so what will drive the economy?
it seems a vicious cycle.
the government must intervene to bring down taxes, since the oil companies are not agreeing to lower prices.
with our banks in the state they are in, manoeuverability is low.
even so, the first signs of economic revival must not be sacrificed for this.
by ptinew delhi: the bjp wednesday announced its parliamentary party executive committee with prime minister narendra modi as its leader in lok sabha and defence minister rajnath singh as the deputy leader.
in rajya sabha, union minister thaawarchand gehlot, a veteran dalit face of the bjp, has been appointed as leader of the house and his cabinet colleague piyush goyal as the deputy leader.
gehlot replaced senior bjp leader and former union minister arun jaitley as leader of the house in rajya sabha.
jaitley had requested the leadership to relieve him from key positions in view of his poor health.
union minister smriti irani's induction as a special invitee in the bjp's parliamentary party executive committee underscores elevation in her stature within the party after she defeated congress president rahul gandhi from the amethi parliamentary constituency.
the party has appointed sanjay jaiswal as its chief whip.
it also appointed for the first time three women mps as its whips for women parliamentarians.
besides these three women whips, 15 other whips for lok sabha have also been appointed for parliamentarians from different states.
in lok sabha, the bjp's strength has increased to 303.
other special invitees from lok sabha to the bjp's parliamentary party executive are nitin gadkari, ravishankarprasad prasad, arjun munda, narendra singh tomar and jual oram.
the bjp has also appointed six whips for the upper house, where it is the single largest party with 70 members.
special invitees to the committee from rajya sabha are j p nadda, om prakash mathur, nirmala sitharaman, dharmedndra pradhan and prakash javadekar.
bjp general secretary kailash vijayvargiya has been reappointed as in-charge of the party's parliamentary office and balasubrahmanyam kumarsu as secretary.
the newly constituted bjp parliamentary party executive committee marks generational shift in the party as party veterans l k advani and murli manohar joshi, who have been its members for a long time, are not part of it, as both are not mps.
besides them, senior leaders jaitley and sushma swaraj are also not its members.
the first meeting of the executive will be held on june 16 at 3:30 pm, a day before the commencement of parliament session.
the government has also called an all-party meeting in the morning of june 16 which will be chaired by the prime minister.
by ptilucknow: bsp supremo mayawati tuesday demanded that the upcoming lok sabha polls be held using ballot papers instead of electronic voting machines (evms).
the demand comes after a self-proclaimed us-based indian cyber expert monday made a sensational claim that the 2014 lok sabha elections were rigged through the evms, which, he said, can be hacked.
the latest revelations have made the doubts on the evms more serious.
it is better under such conditions that the future elections, especially the upcoming lok sabha polls, be conducted using ballot papers which can be verified at three levels unlike the evms, she said in a statement issued here.
urging the election commission to take strong note of the issue, mayawati said the latest revelations are most sensational and expose the conspiracy of the bjp.
this has directly put the bjp in the dock but the central government is unlikely to take any positive step to address the issue because of its egotistical and stubborn attitude, she alleged.
she said the bsp was the first party to question the credibility of evms.mayawati claimed that people have also started to feel that their votes are being continuously looted in an organised manner.
the bsp chief said the people's apprehension over 'vote humara, raj tumhara' (our vote, your rule) needs to be addressed.
addressing a press conference in london via skype, the cyber expert, identified as syed shuja, said monday that he fled india in 2014 because he felt threatened in the country after the killing of some of his team members.
although he appeared on screen through skype, his face was masked.
shuja, who said he is seeking political asylum in the us, claimed the telecom giant reliance jio helped the bjp to get low-frequency signals to hack the evms. he provided no proof to back up his claim.
however, jio was not in operation in 2014 and had launched its services in september 2016.
denying all the charges against the bjp, union minister ravishankarprasad prasad alleged that the controversial press conference in london was sponsored by the congress.
by ptinew delhi: the bjp on tuesday described congress president rahul gandhi's remark that he will not allow prime minister narendra modi to speak until farm loans are waived as a new low in the country's public discourse.
nothing better can be expected from gandhi, whose party ensured that indians did not sleep during its 60 years of rule due to rampant corruption, senior bjp leader and union minister ravishankarprasad prasad said.
friends i am given to understand that rahul gandhi today said that he will not allow prime minister narendra modi to sleep.
this is a new low in the public discourse of the country, prasad told reporters.
hitting out at gandhi, prasad said he should come to parliament and debate the rafale issue in parliament.
daring the congress and its chief to show courage and discuss the fighter jet deal eye to eye in the house, prasad said, don't run away from the debate.
he added that the congress was fleeing a debate on the issue because it had many skeletons from defence deals in its cupboard.
referring to gandhi addressing the issue of farmer distress and saying that the congress and other opposition parties will ensure that all farm loans are waived, prasad declared it was just drama.
the congress, he said, had been in power for about 60 of the last 70 years.
what have they done for farmers?
they are doing just drama now, he said.
modi ji has been prime minister for four-and-a-half years, but has not waived a single rupee of farmer loans.
i want to tell you that the congress party and other opposition parties will unite till all farm loans are waived.
we will stand up and fight against them.
we will not retract a single inch, we will not let them sleep at night till farmer loans are waived, gandhi said.
by ptinew delhi: to address farmers' distress ahead of 2019 general elections, the government is considering waiving interest on crop loans for farmers who pay on time, costing an additional rs 15,000 crore to the exchequer, according to sources.
currently, farmers have to pay 4 per cent interest rate if they repay their loans within due date.
there is also a proposal to completely waive premium for taking insurance policy for food crops.
the premium on horticultural crops could also be reduced, they said.
when asked about the government's plan of announcing big farm package, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said: the government is committed towards farmers' welfare.
going forward, whatever decision taken, will be announced.
he was speaking at a cabinet briefing here.
the ruling bjp government has swung into action to address distress in the agriculture sector after it lost power to the congress in madhya pradesh, rajasthan and chhattisgarh in the recent state polls.
according to sources, several rounds of meetings have taken place at the highest level in the past few days to chalk out a plan to address difficulties faced by farmers in view of low realisation in several crops amid bumper production.
to provide immediate relief, one of the proposals being studied is to waive the 4 per cent interest rate on farmers repaying farm loan promptly within the due date.
currently, farmers get short-term farm loan of up to rs 3 lakh at 7 per cent interest rate.
however, the interest rate charged is only 4 per cent in case farmers pay their loan within due date.
normally, loans are given at 9 per cent interest rate.
the centre bears a cost of around rs 15,000 crore annually for the interest subsidies of 2 per cent in normal cases and 5 per cent in the case of prompt repayment of farm loans.
the government has set a target to provide rs 11 lakh crore credit to farmers in the current fiscal.
it extended rs 11.
69 lakh crore credit to farmers last fiscal, surpassing the target of rs 10 lakh crore.
sources said the interest burden could double to rs 30,000 crore if the interest is completely waived for prompt repayment of farm loans.
besides, the government is contemplating tweaking the pradhan mantri fasal bima yojana (pmfby) to bring down the farmers' premium burden by fully waiving it on food crops and reducing a bit on horticultural crops.
launched in april 2016, pmfby provides comprehensive crop insurance from pre-sowing to post-harvest against non-preventable natural risks at extremely low premium rate of 2 per cent for kharif crops, 1.
5 per cent for rabi crops and 5 per cent for horticulture and commercial crops.
the balance premium is paid equally by the centre and state.
claims are settled on the basis of yield loss assessed at the end of the season.
according to sources, farmers are paying currently about rs 5,000 crore as insurance premium to cover their kharif and rabi crops.
the farmers' burden will reduce if the premium is further subsidised.
during the 2017-18 crop year (july-june), 4.
79 crore farmers were covered under pmfby.
political experts said farmers' distress would be a major electoral issue in the 2019 lok sabha polls.
the agrarian crisis and the announcement of loan waivers by the congress were key factors for the defeat of the saffron party in three hindi heartland states in the recent state polls, they added.
by ptinew delhi: the opposition today targetted the government over agrarian crisis, unemployment and other issues, with congress leader p chidambaram dubbing its economic policy as a betrayal of the country and saying all norms of fiscal prudence have been thrown out of the window.
the 40-minute speech of chidambaram, who initiated the debate on the 2018-19 budget in the rajya sabha, witnessed continuous ruckus and sloganeering by ruling bjp members who sought an apology from the congress for such disruptions during the prime minister's speech in lok sabha yesterday.
an unfazed chidambaram continued to target the government in a loud pitch and sought replies to 12 questions relating to the economy, while describing minimum support price (msp) for foodgrains, job creation and the ayushman bharat scheme as the three jumlas (rhetoric) of the bjp-led government in its last full budget before the 2019 polls.
taking a dig, the former finance minister also asked whether the government will suggest the international labour organisation (ilo) to include those selling pakodas in its definition for employment.
later, members of samajwadi party, cpi(m), bsp and trinamool congress also took the government to task on several issues, including the note ban and gst.
as soon as the rajya sabha convened at 2 pm after an almost 90-minute adjournment, several bjp members stood up and demanded an apology from the congress for disrupting the prime minister's speech in the lok sabha yesterday.
parliamentary affairs minister ananth kumar supported them, saying the main opposition party must apologise for its conduct during the pm's speech in the lower house yesterday.
leader of opposition in the rajya sabha ghulam nabi azad termed the ruckus in the house as a failure of the government.
derek o'brien of trimanool congress charged the ruling party with disrupting the house, saying it does not have any answer to the issues relating to the budget by the opposition.
to this, kumar said the government wants the house to run.
we want to have a full discussion on the budget but if there are issues disturbing the members, they have full right to raise the issue.
amid loud protests by bjp, members from bjp ally tdp and ysr congress stormed the well carrying placards with slogans like help fight for justice to andhra pradesh and keep your promise, demanding special status for the state.
following the uproar, cpi(m) leader t k rangarajan, who was in the chair then, repeatedly appealed for order but was ultimately forced to adjourn the proceedings for 10 minutes.
however, the protests by bjp resumed as soon as the house reconvened, with deputy leader of opposition anand sharma saying it is most unfortunate that the parliamentary affairs minister was encouraging disruptions.
he said the congress had cooperated for smooth functioning of the house after a word with the chairman m venkaiah naidu, but in vain.
law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said the prime minister was disturbed for two hours while he spoke in lok sabha and claimed that such a thing has never happened in 70 years.
amid loud chants by bjp members saying the country will not tolerate the insult to the pm, chidambaram said education, agriculture, health sectors and job creation were the major challenges facing the country and the bjp-led nda government had not addressed them in nearly four years of its rule.
seeking replies from finance minister arun jaitley on 12 questions emanating from the budget and plaguing the economy, chidambaram termed the government's economic policies as a betrayal of the country, claiming that all norms of fiscal prudence have been thrown out of the window.
before you assumed office, you promised 2 crore jobs.
a proper job is employment that is regular, certain and reasonably secure, he said, asking the bjp what its definition of a job was.
he questioned the government over how many ilo-defined jobs have actually been generated in the last four years.
describing chief economic advisor arvind subramanian as the good doctor, chidambaram said the government should listen to his diagnosis prescribed in the economic survey.
he said the government was going to leave behind a limping economy.
the former finance minister asked whether the government would cut the excise duty on petrol and diesel if global crude prices rise.
he claimed that the nda government believes hardworking individuals should be taxed and not the corporates.
we support triple talaq bill but not these triple jumlas, he said, adding that the three jumlas (rhetoric) were regarding msp for farmers, job creation and the ayushman bharat programme announced in the budget to provide rs 5 lakh worth of annual cover in case of secondary and tertiary hospitalisation to 10 crore families.
accusing the government of cheating the farmers when it termed msp as inflationary, he said you can announce msp but not all farmers will get msp.
many farmers are forced to sell in the market.
will you pay them the difference between msp and market price.
have you made a provision regarding this in the budget.
claiming that the economic survey has carefully avoided the issue of jobs, chidambaram quoted data for three financial years from 2015-16 and said india was the first country in the world in which jobs increased when gdp growth had fallen.
what kind of jumla is this?
where are the jobs, he asked.
he also dubbed the ayushman bharat scheme as the biggest jumla of the government and said it had earlier announced the national health scheme which was not approved by the cabinet and quietly buried and unveiled a new scheme now.
laying out his calculations related to the annual premium contribution of rs 1 lakh crore needed for implementing the ayushman bharat, he asked from where will you (government) raise additional resources as the new cess has already been accounted for.
defending the budget, bjp's bhupender yadav said there was policy paralysis during the upa rule and accused the congress of having misused constitutional institutions then.
he said the companies act framed by the upa government was defective and had led to companies incurring losses and added that the nda government has plugged leakages in the delivery of subsidies, thereby removing corruption.
highlighting the budget provisions, yadav claimed landless farmers would be given farm credit and 22,000 village agri-market modernised.
he said the country's ranking in ease of doing business has improved, black money curbed and foreign reserves have risen.
during his entire speech, congress members were protesting in well raising anti-government slogans, as a titfor-tat for the bjp protests during chidambaram's speech.
bisambhar prasad nishad (sp) charged that all government programmes have flopped and were not being implemented on the ground.
he alleged that insurance companies were benefitting out of the agri-insurance scheme and a similar situation would prevail in proposed ayushman health insurance scheme.
prasad said the government has not fulfiled promise of giving rs 15 lakh to every indian and also in creating jobs, while criticising note ban saying the poor were the worst sufferers.
in his maiden speech, trinamool congress member manas bhunia said his party opposed demonetisation and hasty implementation of gst.
he termed the budget as a dream and not reality and demanded that the finance minister should explain how the government will fund health insurance scheme.
he also wanted to know how the target of doubling farmers income 2022 would be achieved, while attacking the government for being friendly to big corporates and the rich.
the tmc member also demanded waiver of farm loan and sought creation of national fibre mission.
bhunia accused the nda government of neglecting west bengal and not providing funds for developmental projects, including of the railways.
aiadmk's s r balasubramaniam rued that the government did not raise income tax slabs, while bjd mp dilip kumar tirkey said the success of the modicare scheme would depend on how the government deals with shortage of medical resources.
he also pitched for enhancing the centre's share of contributin in social sector scheme saying that under some schemes states are contributing more than 40 per cent.
harivansh (jd-u) said lauded the efforts of nda government saying they have move from status quo to destiny changers.
cpi-m leader tapen sen said the rosy picture portrayed by the government would not be possible unless these are supported by deeds.
he accused the goverment for giving advantage to corporates and no relief to commoners in the budget.
rosy picture is portrayed but that is not supported by budget arithmatic,  he said.
bsp mp rajaram expressed apprehension that how governemnt will achieve the dream of new india when it is fighting the risk of maintaining low fiscal deficit in 2018-19.
he said the budget does not spell out the allocation for national health insurance policy and there was no mention about loan waiver for debt riden farmers who are committing suicides in view of falling prices.
by ptinew delhi: union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad wednesday described the questioning of robert vadra, the brother-in-law of congress president rahul gandhi, by enforcement directorate as the measure of success of the indian democracy.
it is the success of the will of the prime minister narendra modi-led government when a gentleman hailing from a well-known family had to submit before the law, prasad said when asked about the questioning of vadra by the ed.
the minister was briefing the media about the cabinet decisions taken on wednesday.
it is a measure of the success of indian democracy, prasad said.
hitting out at vadra, the bjp alleged that he got kickbacks from petroleum and defence deals during the upa dispensation.
bjp spokesperson sambit patra alleged that vadra bought eight to nine properties in london from the money he got as kickbacks in 2008-09 when the upa was in power and said he would like to ask vadra the formula of becoming crorepati from roadpati.
alleging that corruption has been the core agenda of the congress party, patra said, everybody knows every member of the family is out on bail.
vadra was questioned by enforcement directorate here for five-and-a-half hours in its money laundering probe into alleged possession of illegal foreign assets, days after he was directed by a city court to appear before the central probe agency.
vadra's wife priyanka gandhi accompanied him in a white toyota land cruiser and dropped him outside the ed's office in jamnagar house, in a move seen as sending a political message to congress' opponents ahead of lok sabha polls.
this is the first time vadra is appearing before any probe agency in connection with alleged criminal charges of dubious financial dealings.
vadra has denied these allegations in the past and termed them a political witch hunt against him.
rahul gandhi's sister priyanka is married to vadra and was recently appointed party general secretary in-charge of eastern uttar pradesh.
by ptibeijing: china on thursday urged india to make an independent judgement about huawei's operations in the country without being guided by the us ban on the chinese telecom giant's products and provide an unbiased and non-discriminatory environment for the chinese businesses.
the us has banned huawei, the world's leader in telecom equipment and the number two smartphone producer, over concerns of security and washington has been pressuring other countries to restrict the operations of the chinese telecom firm.
india, however, is yet to take a call on whether it intends to place curbs on huawei or allow the chinese telecom equipment maker to participate in the upcoming 5g trials, that are scheduled to commence in 100 days.
earlier this month, india's telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad had said india has its security issues over allowing huawei to participate in the upcoming 5g trials.
we will take a firm view on it.
there are also security issues.
it is not only a matter of technology, as regard their participation in 5g is concerned.
participation of 5g is not conditional upon the trial being started.
whether a particular company is allowed to participate or not, is a complex question including security issues, he had said.
china has always asked chinese businesses to abide by laws and regulations in the foreign countries that they operate and to do business in accordance with law, foreign ministry spokesman lu kang told a media briefing here thursday when asked about reports that us asked india that indian companies found supplying equipment and other products of american equipment to huawei will face punitive actions.
however, china firmly oppose any other country in exercising unilateral sanctions based on its domestic law and we also oppose using the security as a catch off phrase to abuse the export control, lu said.
i think more and more countries have expressed their unbiased attitude concerning huawei's participation in 5g.
we hope that india will make independent judgement and provide fair, unbiased and non-discriminatory environment for chinese businesses for mutual benefit, he said.
concerns over huawei's operations abroad has risen after china passed a new security law which requires chinese companies to provide necessary support, assistance and cooperation with national intelligence work, if called upon.
us president donald trump has launched a trade war with china last year and made huawei a prime target.
last month, the trump administration placed huawei and its affiliates on a blacklist, a move that essentially banned the chinese telecom equipment company from purchasing parts and components from american firms without the us government approval.
the us fears that telecom systems built by huawei, the world's leader in telecom equipment and the number two smartphone producer, could be used by the chinese government for espionage.
china has protested to the us over its efforts to extradite huawei's cfo meng wanzhou, who has been arrested in canada to face prosecution under domestic american law for violations of us sanctions against iran.
meng, daughter of huawei owner ren zhengfei has been accused of for allegedly misleading banks about the company's business dealings in iran.
huawei has huge operations in india and an r & d centre in bangalore.
new delhi: a day after rahul gandhi described prime minister narendra modi as a practitioner of khoon ki dalali, the bjp fielded its heavy artillery to retaliate in what has become a macabre trade of vitriol.
the bjp chief amit shah retorted, rahul gandhi has crossed all limits and is seeking to demoralize indias armed forces by doubting the valour of our soldiers.
the congress does not seem enthused by the success of our security personnel, which is reflected in the despair prevailing in pakistan.
if anything, dalali as a character trait was apter applied to congress, he said, and mentioned scams such as bofors, 2g and coalgate.
shah was joined in the barrage by union minister ravishankarprasad prasad who recalled another trade metaphor once flung at modi by congress president sonia gandhi: maut ka saudagar (merchant of death).
he reminded rahul gandhi that modi and the bjp won the backing of the people despite the employment of such invective, as they would now again.
the people will give a resounding reply to the disgraceful remark of rahul gandhi, shah said.
rahul gandhis dalali remark copped fire from another modi baiter, arvind kejriwal, who has been taking flak for his insinuation seeking proof of the army's surgical strikes across the line of control in pakistan-occupied kashmir on sept.
the delhi chief minister urged parties to set aside their differences and rally behind the prime minister.
our soldiers valiantly carried out surgical strikes and demolished terror addresses.
i want to congratulate the army once again for this.
i strongly criticise rahul gandhi's remarks wherein he said the army's sacrifices and bravery was 'khoon ki dalali, kejriwal said.
rahul gandhis remarks that the modi government was profiteering from the blood of soldiers also drew criticism from a congress ally, the nationalist congress party.
rahul gandhi is the leader of the principal opposition party, which is perhaps the oldest organisation in the world.
he should have refrained from using such words, said ncp mp d p tripathi.
the congress jumped to its vice-presidents defence with leader kapil sibal saying, rahul gandhi knew what he said.
his thought process was clear.
you should understand the feeling of rahulgandhi when he made the statement, which the people of the country do.
while advising the bjp to stop the 'posterbaazi' in uttar pradesh, sibal further said the ruling party must stop playing politics ove the army's successes.
let the army do its job.
why is the government playing politics over the army, he asked.
the man who triggered the storm, rahul gandhi, tried to parse his phrases on friday, tweeting his support for the surgical strikes but questioning the use of the indian armys heroics in posters in uttar pradesh.
i fully support the surgical strikes and i have said so unequivocally, but i will not support using the indian army in political posters and propaganda all across the country, he tweeted.
new delhi: with the prime minister narendra modi unveiling bhim app for digital payments, the bjp-bsp war of words has intensified on owning up to the dalit legacy of bhim rao ambedkar.
while the bjp is seeking to make inroads into the dalit vote base, the bsp has strongly reacted to the saffron outfit reaching out to her core constituency by claiming that naming the digital transaction app as bhim shows cheap mindset of the ruling party at the centre.
prime minister for the cheap publicity has named the bharat interface for money as bhim after b r ambedkar.
he has sought to show himself as an admirer of ambedkar, which is in contrast to the actions of his government and the party, bsp chief mayawati said on saturday in a media statement.
she reminded the prime minister and the bjp of the suicide by hyderabad scholar rohith vemula and expelled party leader from uttar pradesh dayashankar singh who had allegedly publicly abused her.
however, the bjp has maintained that the dalits had voted in a large number to the party in the 2014 lok sabha elections.
the bsp supremo should not forget that she failed to win even one seat in the 2014 polls.
dalits want development and they voted for modi in 2014, quipped union minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
the bsp supremo in her media statement also claimed that the bjp by naming the digital transaction app bhim is attempting to misguide the dalits as the party had done in the 2014 polls with the slogan of har har modi, ghar ghar modi.
with the up polls approaching the bjp and bsp war of words is likely to further intensify, as the saffron outfit is keen to broad base its support base to wrest power in lucknow.
b'ravi shankar byoscar wilde was that rare genius who could turn the familiar into epiphany and lace tragedy with irony.
his reinterpretation of the fable of narcissus, the handsome youth who spent his life by the side of a lake gazing at his own reflection and ignoring the seductive appeal of pulchritudinous nymphs, is a masterpiece of simplicity that elaborates his deep understanding of the human ego.
in wildes retelling, the lamenting nymphs gather around narcissuss body and are baffled that the lake is weeping.
why do you cry, you who had him by your side all his life while he wouldnt even heed our pleas?
they ask.
the lake replies, fools, do you think im mourning because i loved him?
no, its because i love myself.
as long as he was lying on my bank looking at me, i could see myself reflected in his eyes.
now, i no longer can.
had wilde lived today, he would be the undisputed star of the social media.
for few understood the ego of the unheard more than he did.
social media is the defining mirror of todays society.
any social researcher would be intrigued why so many people find themselves fascinating, and assume their lives are interesting to friends and strangers.
their serial autobiographies are public; how the sliders tasted like sawdust at the new bistro, where they buy designer jeans at bargain basement prices and how they plan to meet up with the chopras and the nairs in sweden in summerpart info and part ego.
posts tell stories: posing before the parthenon, iphone photos of sushi and sambar, collages of drooling babies and infirm parents; all celebrating ordinary lives in colour and joy.
with such confessional excess, the outrage on social media over facebook allowing marketing agencies to access consumer data is plain hypocrisy.
sure, you cant yell at or befriend anyone you want unless accepted and your posts cannot be seen by all unless you agree, but it is sanctimoniously absurd to cry invasion of privacy.
the fact is there is no privacy any more.
data mining is the new normal for research.
and no, facebook does not sell members data, which may include personal information like your phones memory, laptops password, and twitter and instagram posts.
but the ethical line between privacy and publicity is thin.
what facebook does is sell access to the news feed of members to companies, who pay for ads targeted at specific users.
this business gets facebook massive advertising revenue; in 2017 they made $40 billion.
immortality is no longer an exclusive club for gods and heroes.
all you need is a cellphone and a hashtag.
if youre willing to take that road.com, then dont be a phoney and huff that your privacy has been invaded by the big bad corporate wolves.
your rampant ego is enjoying a free run, logged in as freelance wisdom.
in the age of digital marketing, where gratuitous advice makes gurus and youtube could make you rich, hallelujah, its raining narcissuses!
the mega pixels of your reflection in the great lake of the worldwide web form the universal palette.
youre nobody unless youre on linkedin, tinder and snapchat.
and even data could be fantasy.
create avatars with photoshop, express feelings with emoticons and be a savant with a chat room.
selling yourself to the universe is the basic purpose of social media.
in the brave new world, networking is religion and god is just a selfie.
by express news servicenew delhi: the union government is planning to expand its bpo promotion scheme under the digital india initiative, with union minister ravishankarprasad prasad stating on monday that it will more than double the number of seats under the scheme.
launched a few years earlier, the india bpo promotion scheme (ibps) is aimed at creating employment opportunities and promoting bpo operations across the country to secure balanced regional growth of it/ites industry.
the scheme provides capital support along with special incentives upto rs 1 lakh/seat, and the initial plan was to support about 48,300 seats.
according to prasad, the government will now increase the capacity under the scheme to one lakh seats from the current 48,000 seats.
bpos are going to start soon in smaller cities like gaya and gazipur.
.
.
they are already operational in guwahati, muzaffarpur, patna and other places.
.
.
in all 91 in 27 states.
.
, the minister said here, adding that the governments objective is that youth should find employment near their cities and towns, have materialised.
he also pointed out that the allocation of 31,732 seats for bpo units operating from smaller towns has created new employment avenues with the potential to offer nearly 2 lakh direct and indirect jobs to youth under india bpo promotion scheme and north east bpo promotion scheme.
as part of promoting the it sector, the government will also build the fifth national data centre  the largest of such centres  will come up in bhopal with a capacity of five lakh virtual servers.
national data centres - that host government websites, services and apps - are currently operational at four locations - pune, hyderabad, delhi and bhubaneswar.
by ptinew delhi: eminent jurist and former union minister ram jethmalani was cremated at the lodhi road crematorium here on sunday in the presence of family members, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad and prominent politicians.
his son mahesh jethmalani, a senior advocate himself, lit the funeral pyre at 5:30 pm.
people from various walks of life paid rich tributes to him and attended the last journey of the 95-year-old, who died here this morning.
jethmalani's daughter shobha and his daughter-in-law were also present at the funeral.
law minister ravishankarprasad prasad was also at the lodhi road crematorium.
read| here are 10 high profile cases handled by eminent lawyer ram jethmalanifamily sources and close acquaintances said sitting supreme court judge justice d y chandrachud paid floral tributes to jethmalani at his residence.
another supreme court judge justice b r gavai was present during the cremation.
former chief justice of india dipak misra, former apex court judges swatanter kumar and kurian joseph also paid tribute to the noted jurist, who had also served as the country's law minister.
among the politicians present were sharad yadav, delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal and his deputy manish sisodia.
simranjit singh mann, former akali dal mp, also was present.
tv journalist rajat sharma also joined jethmalani's family during cremation.
jethmalani breathed his last at 7.
45 am at his official residence in new delhi on sunday.
he was not keeping well for a few months.
rajesh kumar thakur byexpress news servicepatna: in a big united show of strength just five days after bjp chief amit shah's rally here, rahul gandhi begin a road show on thursday evening amid roses and slogans with a crowd of youth and supporters of mahagatbandhan on the streets.
no matter how much mud modi throws on us, we will shower love on him, the congress chief said to a section of the media here before boarding an open vehicle for the show to campaign for party candidate shatrughan sinha contesting from patna-sahib lok sabha constituency against bjps ravishankarprasad prasad.
he also added that he was doing politics of love and not that of hatred and animosity unlike bjp leaders.
follow our election coverage herehe began his road show waving continuously with a sign of victory at the large crowd, which had gathered on both sides of the road till the place where it concluded.
women and girls, who were watching the road show from the balconies of their house, were also seen waving at rahul gandhi and showering rose petalson his vehicles at most of the places.
this is the real road show in which there is no discrimination on party lines.
even poonam sinha wife of shatrughan sinha ,who had contested from lucknow on the ticket of sp, is also getting due place despite of being not in alliance with the congress party in up, said manoj kumar, a young man supporting the congress party.
arvind kumar yadav and mohammad anwarul, who were shouting slogans and waving the flags with pictures of both rahul gandhi and priyanka gandhi, ahead of the main road show vehicle, said, rahul gandhis roadshow exhibits, not only strength but also the essence of partys secularistic values, as it starts from a place named after moniul haque and ends at t-point at nala road with the 't' standing for truth.
also read| pm doesn't speak in real issues but talks with pride as how he eats mangoes: rahulaccording to inside party sources, more than 100 kg of roses were bought and showered over rahul throughout the routes, the saw way as it was for amit shah during his road show on may 11.
while shahanwaz hussian of bjp alleged that the crowd at the road show was managed by allies of mahagathbandhan, mritunjay jha of rjd and prem chandra mishra of congress said that the crowd was colossal and spontaneous.
by ptinew delhi: speaker om birla asked ravishankarprasad prasad not to read from news clippings and name newspapers while referring to instances of instant triple talaq when the law minister was moving for consideration the triple talaq bill in lok sabha on thursday.
moving the bill for consideration, prasad said the legislation was a must for gender equality and justice as despite an august 2017 supreme court verdict striking down the practice of instant triple talaq, women are being divorced by 'talaq-e-biddat'.
he said, since january 2017, 574 such cases have been reported by the media.
as he was reading out from news clippings grounds on which women have been given instant triple talaq, birla asked him not to read from clippings.
the minister also named a national daily while referring to a piece of news.
he was asked not to take names of newspapers while making his point.
the law minister then used the term media reports to refer to the cases of instant triple talaq or talaq-e-biddat.
by uninew delhi: the congress on friday distanced itself from the statement of senior party leader saifudin soz that independence was the first choice of kashmiris.
talking to reporters here, aicc media in-charge randeep surjewala said,''i have seen a statement made by saifudin soz on a book yet to be published.
if the contents of the report in circulation are correct, the congress completely rejects the statement.
it is a cheap tactic to sell his book.
it is an incontrovertible fact that kashmir is an integral part of india and this fact can never be changed.
''in his statement, soz, a former union minister had said, musharraf said kashmiris don't want to merge with pakistan, their first choice is independence.
the statement was true then and remains true now also.
i say the same but i know that it is not possible.
the clarification by the congress came after the bjp on friday stepped up attack against congress party in reference to a statement by saifuddin soz and said the 'pro-pakistan' statements are weakening the armed forces.
yeh ek nayi congress have (this is a new congress party.
it is bjp's charge with a full sense of responsibility that congress leaders today are designed to make a statement that is in sync with terror elements), bjp leader and union minister ravishankarprasad prasad told reporters here.
he said that congress president rahul gandhi and former president sonia gandhi should clarify charging the bjp of raking up the issue to divert attention from recent revelations that ahmedabad district cooperative bank (adcb), whose directors include bjp's national president, amit shah (who is also its past chairman) and his close associates received, the highest amount of old demonetized notes i.
e.
a whopping rs 745 cr in just 5 days between 10.
11.
2016 to 14.
11.
2016.
surjewala said,''we have earlier seen the statement made by members of the bjp 'margdarshak mandal' like yashwant sinha and l k advani.
in fact, mr advani made a controversial statement when he visited the 'mazar' of jinnah.
also, in the presence of the prime minister, the chief minister of the bjp-pdp coalition government in the state praised pakistan for the formation of the government in the state.
narendra modi invited the isi, which has been responsible for the terror attacks in india, to probe the attack on pathankot air base .
raking up the statement by soz is nothing but an attempt to divert attention from the recent revelations on amit shah and other bjp leaders' role during demonetisation.
by express news servicenew delhi: bjp mps sought to know the centres stand on the early construction of the ram temple at ayodhya, during the parliamentary party meeting on tuesday.
union minister for home affairs rajnath singh asked the mps to be patient, while reiterating that everyone was keen to expedite the construction of the temple.
in the absence of prime minister narendra modi, who was away in mumbai for official functions, and bjp chief amit shah, singh presided over the meeting.
a couple of mps, including those hailing from uttar pradesh, told singh that people in their constituencies were insisting that the party give a date from which the construction of the ram temple would begin at ayodhya, sources said.
singh, in turn asked the mps to be patient, saying that everyone wanted the construction of the ram temple to begin early.
incidentally, the rashtriya swayamsevak sangh (rss) affiliate vishwa hindu parishad (vhp) has reached out to the bjp mps asking them to raise demands for legislation in parliament to pave the way for the expeditious construction of the temple.
though the bjp has agreed with the sentiments of these organisations, it has so far not come out in support of a law.
the ram janmabhoomi land title suit appeal is pending before the supreme court (sc).
there is a view within the party that paving the way for the temples construction will boost its prospects in the lok sabha elections.
in his speech, singh asserted tuesday that the opposition has no leader to match modis popularity and asked bjp mps to work for the partys re-election in the 2019 lok sabha elections.
during the meeting, singh also mentioned the sc verdict on a clutch of petitions on rafale fighter jet deal, and stated that congress president rahul gandhi should apologise for spearheading a misinformation campaign in the country.
union minister for law and justice ravishankarprasad prasad briefed the mps about the reintroduction of the triple talaq legislation.
mps worse than schoolkids: speakerruling bjp and opposition mps sparred in lok sabha over the rafale issue on tuesday, with speaker sumitra mahajan lamenting that the parliamentarians behaved worse than schoolchildren.
the bjp mps displayed placards in the house, demanding apology from the congress president rahul gandhi for the alleged false campaign on rafale.
the opposition mps trooped into the well of the house with their demands for the constitution of a joint parliamentary committee (jpc) probe on the rafale deal.
the speaker chided the mps for creating ruckus in the house.
she mentioned that the people abroad have been asking about the manner in which parliament witnesses regular ruckus.
by express news servicenew delhi: bjp president amit shah on sunday announced setting up of 17 groups to prepare for the upcoming lok sabha elections.
union home minister rajnath singh will head the partys manifesto committee while finance minister arun jaitley will be in-charge of the eight-member publicity wing that also have piyush goyal, rajyavardhan singh rathore, mahesh sharma and rajeev chandrasekhar.
jaitley will also be a member of the 20-member committee tasked with preparing the partys sankalp patra (manifesto).
the other names in the team include nirmala sitharaman, thavarchand gehlot, ravishankarprasad prasad, piyush goyal, mukhtar abbas naqvi, k j alphons, kiren rijiju, shivraj singh chouhan, keshav prasad maurya, sushil modi, bhupender yadav, ram madhav, narayan rane and arjun munda.
nitin gadkari will head a 17-member committee to reach out to social and volunteer organisations while sushma swaraj will head the group that will produce literature for the polls.
prasad will head the partys media group with all the partys national spokespersons being its part.
hrd minister prakash javadekar will lead the wing that will organise meetings of intellectuals.
shyam jaju and amit malviya are in the 13-member social media committee.
shah also announced committees to deal with transportation, distribution of literature, pms radio show mann ki baat and bike rally.
by ptinew delhi: the contentious triple talaq bill seeking to criminalise the practice of instant divorce among muslims is set to be tabled in the rajya sabha monday, even as the congress has said it will not allow its passage in the present form.
the ruling bjp has issued a whip in the upper house asking its members to be present.
law minister ravishankarprasad prasad will table the bill in the upper house.
the bill was cleared by the lok sabha -- 245 voting in favour and 11 opposing it -- on thursday amid a walkout by the opposition.
prasad had on friday claimed the bill will find support in the rajya sabha, where the bjp-led nda lacks numbers.
the bill is listed in the rajya sabha's legislative agenda for monday.
all india congress committee (aicc) general secretary k c venugopal told reporters in kochi saturday the party would join hands with others to prevent the bill from getting passed in the house.
he said 10 opposition parties had openly come out against the muslim women (protection of rights on marriage) bill, 2018 when it was introduced in the lok sabha.
even the parties which support the government on various issues, including the aiadmk, have opposed the bill, said venugopal, who is also a congress floor strategist.
the opposition has questioned the stringent provisions like criminalisation of a civil wrong in the triple talaq bill.
the opposition has been demanding that the bill be referred to a 'joint select committee' of parliament for further scrutiny.
on thursday, the government rejected the opposition's contention the bill it was aimed at targeting a particular community.
piloting the bill, prasad had said there should be no politics on the bill, stressing it was not against any particular community.
describing the passage of the triple talaq bill in the lok sabha as a historic step towards ensuring equality and dignity of muslim women, bjp chief amit shah had demanded an apology from the congress for decades of injustice.
the fresh bill to make the practice of triple talaq among muslims a penal offence was introduced in lok sabha on december 17 to replace an ordinance issued in september.
under the proposed law, giving instant triple talaq will be illegal and void, and will attract a jail term of three years for the husband.
the fresh bill will supersede an earlier bill passed in the lok sabha and pending in the rajya sabha.
the earlier bill was approved by the lower house.
but amid opposition by some parties in the upper house, the government had cleared some amendments, including introduction of a provision of bail, to make it more acceptable.
however, as the bill continued to face resistance in the rajya sabha, the government issued an ordinance in september, incorporating the amendments.
an ordinance has a life of six months.
but from the day a session begins, it has to be replaced by a bill which should be passed by parliament within 42 days (six weeks), else it lapses.
the government is at liberty to re-promulgate the ordinance if the bill fails to get through parliament.
introducing the bill, the law minister had said despite the supreme court striking down the practice of talaq-e-biddat (instant triple talaq), terming it unconstitutional, divorces in this form were taking place.
citing details of instant triple talaq cases, the government had last week informed lok sabha that till now 430 incidents of triple talaq have come to the notice of the government through the media.
of these, 229 were reported before the supreme court judgment, while another 201 came to the notice after it.
these cases were reported between the period of january 2017 and september 13, 2018.
by ptihyderabad: vice president m venkaiah naidu sunday called for the return to the indian traditions of healthy eating and living by giving up west-oriented lifestyles.
he was speaking during the second-anniversary function of the swarna bharat trust's (sbt) branch here.
it was time indians made changes to their lifestyle and returned to the traditional methods of healthy living, he said.
we need to follow the customs and practises of our forefathers and abandon west-oriented lifestyles, he said.
traditional food habits and customs are not only time-tested but are healthy too as they were tailor-made to suit the requirements of each season and region, said the vice president.
we need to create awareness and educate the youth for adopting healthy dietary habits and lifestyle by returning to our simple but effective ways of living, he said.
share and care is the core of indian philosophy.
vasudhaiva kutumbakam (the whole world is one family).
sarve jana sukhino bhavanthu (let everyone be happy), that is (this philosophy is) the greatness of india.
all tom, dick and harry came and attacked us, ruled us, ruined us, looted us and cheated us also, even smaller countries.
but india never attacked any country, he said.
hindu culture, indianness are is very tolerant.
it wants development of all, the vice president added.
naidu also called on the youth to pay renewed attention to agriculture and added that natural farming with reduced use of chemical fertilisers should be promoted.
he reiterated that regional languages should be protected.
there is a need to protect family values, the vice president said, adding, our traditions and customs not only strengthen the social fabric but also create bonding among different sections of society.
union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad, also present on the occasion, praised the sbt campus here as a world-class institution.
the trust, run by naidu's daughter deepa v, offers skill-training courses at its hyderabad campus.
prasad recalled that naidu promoted rural road connectivity and empowerment of gram panchayats when he was rural development minister.
telangana high court's chief justice thottathil bhaskaran nair radhakrishnan was also present at the event.
new delhi: the bjp today said it will study in detail the supreme court's verdict allowing trial of its top leaders for criminal conspiracy in the babri masjid case before offering comments.
its senior leader and law minister ravishankarprasad prasad, however, asserted that his party highly respects its leaders like l k advani and murli manohar joshi, the two veterans, along with union minister uma bharti and others to be tried now following the apex court's decision.
the court today allowed a cbi plea seeking their trial for criminal conspiracy in the 1992 babri masjid demolition case.
by iansnew delhi: union home minister amit shah on thursday held a meeting with several senior party leaders and spokespersons as prime minister narendra modi addressed the nation over the abrogation of article 370 in jammu and kashmir and bifurcation of the state.
a senior bjp leader, who did not want to be identified, told ians that union ministers ravishankarprasad prasad and prakash javadekar and the party's spokespersons were present at the meeting at the party headquarters here.
also read: pm modi's article 370 address highlights - j&k won't stay ut long, elections to be held soonhe said the leaders discussed the party's line with the spokespersons to send out a clear message about the revocation of the constitution's article 370 giving special status to jammu and kashmir and the state's bifurcation into two union territories of jammu and kashmir, and ladakh.
the party leader said that shah told party spokespersons attending television debates about the need to stick to the party's line on article 370 and also explain the benefits to the people of kashmir and ladakh.
also read: amid article 370 fallout, pakistan says work on kartarpur corridor to continue as plannedthe meeting comes at a time when several opposition parties including congress have been opposing the government's stand on revoking article 370 and bifurcating the state.
the prime minister, meanwhile, in his address, hit back at the opposition as he explained the benefits of revoking article 370 which will result in curbing the terrorism from jammu and kashmir and ensuring its development.
president ram nath kovind on monday revoked article 370 from j&k.
the rajya sabha passed the j&k reorganisation bill the same day, while the lok sabha passed the bill the next day.
by ptinew delhi: the trinamool congress and various other political parties on thursday opposed amendments to the aadhaar law, saying it lacks transparency and strikes at the very heart of individual privacy.
participating in the debate on the aadhaar and other services (amendment) bill, 2019 in lok sabha, mahua moitra said the bill speaks of a regulator which will govern various provisions.
she said there are no details of the proposed regulator in the bill, which makes it opaque.
she said the regulator should be integrated in the bill itself.
referring to the aadhaar ecosystem, she sought to know the legal recourse one can take if the ecosystem fails.
without a data protection law, it is like putting cart before the horse, she said.
moitra claimed that aadhaar was perceived as a system to enable the poor to get services, but that now, it has turned into an acquisitive entity.
she also questioned a provision which says that the authority will have a right to legal recourse in case of a data breach.
she said the legal recourse should lie with the person whose privacy has been breached.
also read | jaipur teens faked age on aadhaar cards to watch 'kabir singh'she said most people are not aware of the value of personal data.
to drive home her point, she said many people shared their data to get a jio sim card which was offering free data.
adhir ranjan chowdhury, leader of the congress in the lok sabha, said the government used the ordinance route to bring in the legislation.
he said the ordinance was issued by the last government (from 2014-19) and the current government has brought it as legislation.
the government is resorting to the ordinance route without any rhyme and reason.
chowdhury said it was the upa government, which brought in the law, to which law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said the nda government gave legal status to aadhaar.
you have loaned the concept of aadhaar from us (aapne aadhaar udhaar liya hain), he said.
chowdhury said the supreme court had also rapped the government for violating privacy in aadhaar.
prasad said, under you (the upa), aadhaar lacked any backing (aadhaar niradhar tha).
we made a law for it.
the minister said rs 7.
84 lakh crore was sent through direct benefit transfer (dbt) to beneficiaries under different schemes.
nearly 1.
41 lakh crore have been saved from middlemen.
he said 123.
81 crore people have aadhaar cards and nearly 6.
91 crore bank accounts have been linked to it.
bjd backs the amendment, pitches for data protection lawsthe biju janata dal on thursday supported amendments to the aadhaar legislation but pitched for bringing a data protection law, saying certain egregious agencies are using the private data of individuals for their benefit and the issue could snowball in the near future.
participating in the debate on the aadhaar and other laws (amendment) bill, 2019, in lok sabha, pinaki misra said the government will keep tinkering with the law till it crystalises.
describing it as good law, the bjd member said concerns of several members that privacy can be breached are not unfounded.
also read | man calls off marriage over missing caste name on aadhaar card in andhra pradeshhe called for bringing a data protection law simultaneously, alleging that a neighbouring country is constantly looking for data to benefit its interests.
he claimed that the rss affiliate swadeshi jagran manch has written to the prime minister, flagging the issue of alleged access to private data by a chinese firm which has stakes in social networking platforms tik tok and hello.
the bjd member told the treasury benches that the use of data by such firms may snowball into a major problem in the near future.
he said a data protection law, thus, was essential.
he said there is a need to protect data from egregious agencies.
kochi: in a move that could boost keralas it sector, the centre has given its financial and technical support to set up an electronic manufacturing park and an it incubation centre for startups here.
the central government has agreed to provide rs 50 crore for the electronic park, which will be located in kakkanad, ravishankarprasad prasad, the union minister for electronics & it and law & justice, told reporters here on sunday.
the state government will provide the remaining amount, the union minister said.
the union government is also providing assistance to the state government for setting up a 30,000 sq ft incubation centre for the startups in the it sector, which is also located in kakkanad, ravishankarprasad prasad said.
a scheme to provide bpo jobs in smaller towns will help kerala to provide 1,500 jobs in smaller towns, explaining the modi governments achievements in the last three years, he said.
the number of seats or jobs in the scheme is based on the population of a state.
in the last three years, rs 5,900 crore worth fdi has come to india in the it sector.
when modi government assumed power it was just over rs 1,000 crore.
the share of kerala in it sector fdi is very negligible.
i urge the kerala government to leverage this great opportunity, the union minister said, adding that the state was also not utilising its potential in it exports.
he said indias it exports is over $150 billion or `9.
5 lakh crore, but exports from keralas it sector is only rs 3,500-odd crore.
keralas it export figures are not good considering the opportunity and the potential, he said.
on the direct benefit transfer (dbt), ravishankarprasad prasad said the dbt tailored with aadhar was a proactive pro-poor initiative by the narendra modi government.
i urge the kerala government to achieve financial inclusion through schemes tailored with aadhar and dbt, he said.
by aninew delhi: a discussion on the muslim women (protection of rights on marriage) bill 2018, or the triple talaq bill, is expected to take place in lok sabha today during the ongoing winter session of parliament.
the fresh bill, which prohibits divorce of muslim couples by pronouncing 'talaq' (divorce) three times by their husbands, was first introduced in the lok sabha on monday to replace an ordinance issued in september.
under this proposed law, muslim men giving instant triple talaq will attract imprisonment of three years.
read| triple talaq row: muslim board to garner opposition's support to stall ordinance in parliamentaccording to the lok sabha's revised business list, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad will introduce the bill in the lower house today.
ravi shankar prasad to move that the bill to protect the rights of married muslim women and to prohibit divorce by pronouncing talaq by their husbands and to provide for matters connected therewith or incidental thereto, be taken into consideration, the document read.
the ordinance was passed by the prime minister narendra modi-led union cabinet as this bill could not be tabled on the last day of the monsoon session held in september, owing to a lack of consensus among political quarters.
the central government gave nod to a number of crucial amendments to the ordinance, including a provision for bail to an accused before the commencement of trial.
the other amendment cleared by the centre includes allowing only a woman or her close kin to file a police case against her spouse for instant triple talaq.
as per the ordinance, the victim is also allowed to drop the case if her spouse comes around later and they arrive at a compromise.
it also mandates that the magistrate can decide on releasing the husband on bail only after hearing the wife's stance.
in accordance with the ordinance, a muslim woman against whom talaq has been declared is entitled to get subsistence allowance from her spouse for herself and for her dependent children.
the amount of the allowance will be determined by the magistrate hearing the case.
the current ordinance also allows victims to seek custody of her minor children; however, the manner of custody will be determined by the magistrate.
it also makes all declaration of talaq, including in written or electronic form, to be void (i.
e.
not enforceable in law) and illegal.
the issue of triple talaq was taken up in the parliament after in august last year, a five-judge bench of the apex court ruled unconstitutional a law that allowed muslim men to divorce their wives simply by uttering talaq three times in quick succession.
in a landmark 3-2 verdict, the supreme court found the practice un-islamic and arbitrary, and disagreed that triple talaq was an integral part of religious practice.
new delhi: commenting on prime minister narendra modis move to demonetise rs500 and rs1,000 notes, congress leader rahul gandhi on tuesday said his own rallies on the common mans hardships over the move would continue for another six months and their impact on the economy would be felt for years to come.
he added that recapitalised banks would now be used to give loan waivers to corporate npa-holders.
rahul also charged the pm with personal corruption stemming from alleged notings of the sahara-birla papers.
on being specifically asked why he was pressing such political charges and demanding an independent probe when the supreme court had rejected the documents as not substantial evidence, rahul said the court has merely observed and not given a ruling.
rahul garnered support from most other parties on the demonetisation issue, but not for his personal corruption charges against the pm.
from banerjee to dmks tiruchy siva, the common thread of attack was that the demonetisation drive has devastated the poor and their livelihood.
they reiterated what rahul called single arbitrary financial experiment in the history of the world that affected 1.
3 billion people.
like the congress leader, the others present too asked for an explanation from the pm on the real reason for implementing the painful decision.
in her typical style, mamata took a dig: he (the pm) is not a magician.
no miracle will happen.
he promised to bring achhe din.
are these achhe din?
in the name of going cashless, modi government has become faceless and baseless.
what was worrisome, she added, is that demonetisation has weakened the country.
the bjp retaliated with it minister ravishankarprasad prasad addressing a media briefing, where he mostly returned fire by calling rahul corrupt and all those opposing demonetisation as supporters and promoters of corruption.
modi, meanwhile, in dehradun defended the exercise which he claimed has destroyed terrorism, drug mafia, human trafficking and the underworld in a trice.
he rejected rahuls charge that his government was only seeking to benefit the rich, insisting that it was focused on working for the poor.
congress up cm candidate, sheila dikshit, in an apparent damage control mode, sought to toe the party line, saying the onus is on the pm to come out clean on charges on the sahara diaries row.
new delhi: union communications and it minister ravishankarprasad prasad on saturday inaugurated townhall to mark the two year of citizen engagement portal mygov.
in.
town hall as a concept is commonly used in the west among politicians as well as ceos to interact with people directly.
speaking on the occasion, prasad said mygov has 35.
2 lakh registered members.
the minister said achievements of ordinary people of the country must be given positive space in the mygov platform.
prime minister narendra modi will address the function in evening.
the portal was launched by the prime minister in july 2014 to provide opportunity to the people to participate in multiple-theme based discussions and share their thoughts.
by ptinew delhi: former aap leader hs phoolka was felicitated on sunday for his legal battle for anti-sikh riot victims at an event hosted by union minister vijay goel, who said the doors of the bjp were open for all good people.
phoolka, though accepted his 'closeness' with several bjp leaders, ruled out joining any political party.
bjp has always supported us in our fight for anti-sikh riots victims.
i met law minister ravishankarprasad prasad and home minister rajnath singh and they supported my stand on it, phoolka told reporters.
he, however, denied speculations that he might join the bharatiya janata party (bjp).
i am not joining any political party, he said.
goel lauded phoolka as a good man and his friend who fought to give justice to the victims of the 1984 anti-sikh riots.
it does not matter that he was associated with aap.
he is a good person who did a good thing.
that is why we are felicitating him.
people ask me if he will join my party.
bjp wants all good people should join it, he said.
phoolka had resigned earlier this month from the aam aadmi party without giving any reason behind the move.
he had met goel to greet him on his birthday on january 4, amid speculations that he might join the bjp.
commenting on phoolka's resignation from aap, goel had said, he quit aap recently.
(it is) better late than never.
phoolka has avoided giving any reason for quitting the aap and expressed his desire to float a non-political outfit in punjab to fight the drug menace and the perceived politicisation of the shiromani gurdwara parbandhak committee (sgpc).
h e, however, was averse to any alliance between the aap and the congress.
reports about a pre-poll tie-up between the two parties are doing the rounds, with none of them denying it officially.
the sources claimed phoolka was also annoyed over the aap's stand on the demand to strip former prime minister rajiv gandhi of the bharat ratna for justifying the anti-sikh riots.
phoolka had said that the conversion of anna hazare's anti-corruption movement into a political party in 2012 was a wrong step.
he has not declared his future political move, although he has announced that he would not contest the upcoming lok sabha election.
by ptinew delhi: a bill to set up an independent and autonomous regime for institutionalised domestic and international arbitration was introduced in lok sabha on wednesday.
the new delhi international arbitration centre (ndiac) bill, 2019, seeks to replace an ordinance issued in march this year by the previous government.
it provides for setting up of an independent and autonomous body for institutional arbitration and to acquire and transfer undertakings of the international centre for alternative dispute resolution (icadr) to the new delhi international arbitration centre (ndiac) with effect from march 2 this year.
opposing the introduction of the bill, congress member shashi tharoor said the arbitration body should be autonomous and independent of government as several public sector undertaking will be a party to it.
tharoor also urged the minister to withdraw the bill and come with a stronger bill.
law minister ravishankarprasad prasad, who moved the bill, said the existing arbitration body has resolved 55 cases in 25 years.
he said the government was keen to see india emerge as an international arbitration hub.
seeking to assuage concerns over the bill, prasad said he will respond to all concerns when replying to the debate when the draft law comes up for passage.
the proposed new delhi international arbitration centre will be headed by a chairperson, who has been a judge of the supreme court or a judge of a high court or an eminent person, having special knowledge and experience in the conduct or administration of the arbitration.
by ptinew delhi: the government may levy a windfall tax on oil producers like oil and natural gas corp (ongc) as part of a permanent solution it is working on for moderating the spiralling retail prices of petrol and diesel.
the tax, which may come in form of a cess, will kick in the moment oil prices cross usd 70 per barrel, sources privy to the development said.
under the scheme, oil producers, who get paid international rates for the oil they produce from domestic fields, would have to part with any revenue they earn from prices crossing usd 70 per barrel mark.
the revenues so collected would be used to pay fuel retailers so that they absorb spikes beyond the threshold levels, they said.
this may be accompanied by a minor tinkering with excise duty rates to give immediate relief to consumers.
states too would be asked to cut sales tax or vat to show a visible impact on retail prices.
sources said the thinking in the government is to levy cess on all oil producers - both public and private sector - so as not to attract criticism of stifling state-owned explorers.
a similar tax was considered in 2008 when oil prices were on the rise but the idea was dropped after stiff opposition from private sector firms like cairn india.
windfall tax, they said, is levied in some of the developed countries globally.
the uk in 2011 raised the tax rate to be applied to north sea oil and gas profits when the price is above usd 75 per barrel.
china on april 1, 2006, began levying the special upstream profit tax on domestic oil producers to redistribute and allocate the windfall income enjoyed by the oil companies and subsidise disadvantaged industry and social groups that are most affected by soaring crude oil prices.
it in 2012 raised the windfall tax threshold to usd 55 per barrel.
sources said the windfall tax is one of the options being considered by the government as a permanent solution to dealing with the problem of spike in oil prices.
this follows reluctance on part of the finance ministry to cut excise duty as it has to ensure adequate funds are available to social welfare schemes in the election year.
in particular, resources have to be arranged for the national health protection scheme (nhps) that aims to provide health insurance cover of rs 5 lakh to every eligible household.
yesterday, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad had stated that the government will take a long-term view on the retail prices of petrol and diesel, which have touched record high, instead of having an ad hoc measure.
petrol and diesel prices were raised for the 11th day in succession today as the state-owned oil firms gradually passed on to the consumer the increased cost of international oil that had accumulated since a 19-day freeze was imposed just before karnataka elections.
since the time the hiatus ended on may 14, rates have gone up by rs 2.
84 a litre in case of petrol and rs 2.
60 in diesel.
petrol costs rs 77.
47 a litre in delhi and diesel rs 68.
53.
sources said a usd 70 per barrel threshold for the windfall tax is sufficient to cover for capital expenditure requirement of ongc and other oil producers.
incidentally, ongc and oil india ltd had till june 2015 provided for up to 40 per cent of the annual fuel subsidy bill.
this they did by way of providing discounts on crude sold to downstream refining and marketing companies, ioc, bpcl, and hpcl.
this discount helped the retailers make good a part of the losses they incurred on selling petrol and diesel below cost.
the government raised excise duty nine times between november 2014 and january 2016 to shore up finances as global oil prices fell, but then cut the tax just once in october last year by rs 2 a litre.
the centre levies rs 19.
48 as excise duty on a litre of petrol and rs 15.
33 on diesel.
state sales tax or vat varies from state to state.
unlike excise duty, vat is ad valorem and results in higher revenues for the state when rates move up.
bhubaneswar: emboldened by the success in the recent assembly elections, bjp president amit shah laid the path for the party to emerge as a behemoth to rule in all corners of the country.
in an apparent admission of the imminent challenge of the opposition parties coming together, the bjp chief set out the major plan for strengthening of the party across the country for which he would embark on 95 days programme to connect with political booths in the country.
i will be meeting booth workers across the country in 95 days, which will take me to kerala and even andaman and nicobar island.
all members of the working committee, including ministers, will have to go to the booths across the country as part of the 15 days programme, union minister ravishankarprasad prasad quoted shah having told the national executive of the party.
he asserted that even if all the opposition had come together for the uttar pradesh assembly elections, the bjp would have convincingly won the state.
the political analysts had claimed that the bjp winning 73 out of 80 lok sabha seats in the 2014 elections was a one off affair.
but by winning 325 out of 403 assembly seats, the bjp has not only rejected the analysis of the pundits but also redefined the explanation of a big victory, shah was quoted by prasad having told the meet.
coming heavily down against the naveen patnaik led bjd government in odisha, shah claimed that 42 per cent of the population in the state are below the poverty line while the health indicators are abysmal.
he claimed that 41 per cent habitations in the rural areas of the state still dont have electricity while 12 per cent are deprived of the potable drinking water facilities.
the garib kalyan agenda of the modi government at the centre has to be delivered to the people of odisha for which the party has to win the 2019 state elections, shah stated while making a case for eastern expansion of the party.
in a clear indication that the bjp will go after the states being ruled by the regional outfits, shah asserted that the party has convincingly trounced the congress and its time to go after other rivals.
the convincing victory in up is proof that the bjp could wrest power in states from the regional parties.
the bjp has defeated political rivals headed by dynasties, besides the politics of appeasement.
the politics of performance will now be victorious, shah added.
while sharing statistics on number of people having dedicated to work full time for the party on the call made by prime minister in his concluding address to the national council meeting of the party in kozhikode last year, shah had said, the party has 2470 workers to work full time for a year and 1441 for six months.
by aninew delhi: national democratic alliance (nda) constituent aiadmk on tuesday termed the triple talaq bill unconstitutional and illegal and later staged a walkout in the rajya sabha protesting against it.
this happened after members of janata dal-united, another bjp ally, opposed the bill and staged a walkout.
the walkouts from the house would help the government in the passage of the bill as they would bring down the majority mark, making it easier for the government to push through the bill in the rajya sabha.
participating in the debate in the upper house of parliament on the muslim women (protection of rights on marriage) bill, 2019, aiadmk's a navaneethakrishnan said the bill will not stand judicial scrutiny and demanded that it should be referred to the select committee.
muslim marriages are a civil contract and the offense of flouting a civil contract cannot be made into a criminal offense.
the bill is unconstitutional, illegal and not sustainable under the law, he said.
the aiadmk leader said the practice of triple talaq has already been declared null and void and unconstitutional.
it is not recognised in muslim law.
it is only an empty phrase now.
so merely because a muslim husband says triple talaq, it cannot affect the society.
pronouncing 'triple talaq' has no effect now, he said and asked the government to refer the bill to the select committee for further scrutiny.
aiadmk members later staged a walkout.
the bill, that proposes to protect the rights of married muslim women and to prohibit divorce by pronouncing talaq by their husbands, was introduced by law minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
new delhi: the bjp has issued whip to partys rajya sabha mps for three days from monday in a bid to put up a strong presence when the upper house resumes discussions on demonetization.
the bjp is sticking with confrontationist approach against the remark of the leader of the opposition in the rajya sabha ghulam nabi azad.
the parliamentary office of the bjp has issued whip to all the party mps of the rajya sabha to remain present in the proceedings of the house on november 21, 22 and 23.
the whip is to ensure that the treasury benches show the full strength when discussions on demonetization are taken up, besides a few legislative bills may also be taken up, sources in the bjp parliamentary board said.
meanwhile, the union ministers on saturday came out strongly against protests over demonetization, while accusing the opposition of indulging into fear-mongering.
union minister for home affairs rajnath singh asserted that the demonetization has broken the backbone of terror and maoist funding.
union minister for law ravishankarprasad prasad said that the decision on demonetization has given a blow to the black money, besides destroying the network of counterfeit currencies.
union minister nirmala sitharaman said that the congress is indulging in fear-mongering on demonetisation.
she stated that a government cannot take anti-people step and then go back to them for votes.
people might be facing some problems due to shortage of small denomination currency notes.
yet, they are supporting prime minister narendra modi, she said.
the minister stated that the government is alert on the inconveniences caused to the people on the rollout of demonetization, with finance minister arun jaitley reviewing the situation every day and responding to the feedback.
by ptinew delhi: the union cabinet friday approved the gaganyaan project under which a three-member crew will be sent to space for at least seven days, union minister ravishankarprasad prasad said.
the project will cost rs 10,000 crore, he said at a press conference here.
the indigenous human spaceflight programme 'gaganyaan' was announced by prime minister narendra modi in his independence day speech.
he had said the mission will be undertaken by 2022.
crew members for indian space research organisations (isros) first human space flight programme, gaganyaan, will be selected by the indian air force (iaf).
isro chairman k sivan had in august said that while six people will be shortlisted finally after rigorous training, three people will fly to space.
iaf will fully take control of the selection and isro will augment them if required.
india has already inked agreements with russia and france for assistance in the ambitious project.
a human-rated gslv mk-iii wil be used to carry the orbital module which will have necessary provisions for sustaining a 3-member crew for the duration of the mission.
new delhi: a day after the congress sought an apology from the prime minister narendra modi, the bjp hit out at the main opposition party in the parliament, saying it is no longer a conventional political outfit representing certain ideology but a conglomeration believing in divinity and devotion to a family.
the union minister of law ravishankarprasad prasad stated that there was nothing wrong in the raincoat remarks of the prime minister on dr manmohan singh, as fun, pun and repartee have been part of the parliamentary debate.
he charged that the congress is using singh as a useful, expendable outsider likes many top leaders outside the gandhi family.
modi had launched a scathing attack on singh in the concluding debate in the rajya sabha on the address of the president to the joint session of the parliament.
prasad reminded the congress that even singh had asserted that demonetisation was organised loot and legalised plunder.
the bjp leader noted that the former prime minister might have read from the note written by some other congress leaders as he had not been known to use such strong expressions.
congress has two set of leaders.
ones who come from the family are beyond criticism.
they cannot make a mistake.
the second set of leaders are those who are used for political convenience and then discarded.
singh also has his utility, quipped prasad, while addressing the media at the bjp headquarter.
he added that the congress had similarly used leaders like lal bahadur shastri, charan singh, v p singh, chandra shekhar, p v narasimha rao and i k gujral.
new delhi: in the wake of the political slugfest that has broken out over chief of army staff general bipin rawats warning that those kashmiris supporting terrorists would be considered anti-national, the centre has reiterated its appeal to the congress to not drag the indian army into politics.
its my appeal to the congress to keep the army and the army chief outside of politics.
our soldiers are dying and terrorists are infiltrating from pakistan and it is unbecoming that such things are being said.
the sooner the congress realizes it is not in power anymore, the better for the nation, union minister for law and justice ravishankarprasad prasad told ani here in response to the congress charges that general rawats statement could induce more hostility in the valley.
earlier, congress chief spokesperson ravinder sharma had stated that kashmir is very sensitive and delicate issue and government should deal it with great care.
youth in kashmir should also understand that security forces are there for safety of common people and they should not try to create hurdles during counter-insurgency operations, he said.
congress leader ghulam nabi azad criticised the lack of government initiative for the dismal situation in kashmir and said the government is to be blamed for the situation in kashmir.
even we ran the government, why was it not so bad then?
to threaten the kashmiri youth like this is unjustified.
last year 1000 kids were affected by splinters, 1200 kids lost their eyes.
nc spokesperson junaid azim mattu also dubbed rawats statements as tragic and warned that such moves will only alienate the youth of kashmir and compound their hostility.
in december last year, the congress had come down heavily over the centre over the new army chief's appointment by superseding two officers.
customarily, the senior most army officer is accorded the position but in this case, as the congress party claimed, lt gen rawat superseded three senior officers in his appointment as the next chief of army staff.
upset with the killings of jawans in a recent encounter with terrorists in the valley, general rawat on wednesday lashed out at those obstructing army's combing operations.
those who obstruct our operations during encounters and are not supportive will be treated as overground workers of terrorists, said rawat after paying tribute to security personnel who lost their lives in encounters with terrorists in kashmir on tuesday.
urging the local people to extend their support to the security forces trying to maintain peace in the valley, rawat said they won't be spared if they continue resorting to negative acts.
our idea is not kill these young boys, but to bring them into mainstream.
but, if they wish to remain in this manner, we will target them with harsher measures, he warned.
general rawat expressed his disappointment about the involvement of local people in terrorist acts, whether directly or indirectly.
he said such actions are the reason for the high number of casualties among security forces.
four army personnel, including a major lost their lives in two encounters in the bandipora and handwara areas of north kashmir on tuesday.
by ptinew delhi: the bjp saturday said the sp and the bsp came together for their survival, and not for the country or uttar pradesh, and downplayed suggestions that the alliance will have a major impact on the upcoming lok sabha polls.
the sp and bsp have allied neither for the country nor for uttar pradesh.
but for their survival.
they know they cannot fight (prime minister narendra) modi on their own and their opposition to him is the sole base of their alliance, senior bjp leader and union minister ravishankarprasad prasad told reporters on the sidelines of the party's ongoing national council meeting here.
also read: sp, bsp announce tie-up sans congress for lok sabha polls, to contest 38 seats each in uttar pradeshprasad also rejected claims made by bsp chief mayawati and sp president akhilesh yadav that their coming together will have a major impact on the parliamentary poll results.
elections are not about mathematics but chemistry, he said.
prasad made these remarks just after mayawati and yadav announced their alliance in uttar pradesh for the 2019 lok sabha polls, sharing 38 seats each out of the state's 80 parliamentary constituencies.
bjp leader and up deputy chief minister keshav prasad maurya termed the sp-bsp joining hands as an alliance of corruption and goondaism.
and let me make it clear that people are solidly behind modi and the bjp will do better than it did in 2014.
the backward community is backing modi, he said at the national convention.
the parties kept the congress out of the alliance, but said they will not field candidates in amethi and rae bareli, represented by congress president rahul gandhi and upa chairperson sonia gandhi.
the alliance left two more seats for smaller allies.
in the 2014 lok sabha elections, the bjp had won 71 out of the 80 lok sabha seats in the state.
new delhi: the bjp on friday denied allegations by opposition parties that it had used its black money in the form of high-denomination notes ahead of demonetisation through a series of property deals across the country, saying that it was purchasing land only to build party offices.
the party termed the activity as normal and said that it had been collecting funds for the same for long.
it is absurd to allege that the party has started buying properties in view of demonetisation, party spokesman and union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said in a statement.
bihar's ruling janata dal united (jd-u) and rashtriya janata dal (rjd) on friday alleged that the bjp managed its black money by purchasing land worth crores of rupees ahead of the note ban and demanded a probe into the land deals.
prasad said that in the maha sampark abhiyan held in bangalore on july 5, 2015, party president amit shah had emphasised on the need of setting up party offices across the country as our membership has already crossed 10 crore mark.
we have taken up work of building party offices.
without a good party office there can be no expansion of party work within a district.
therefore, we have decided that by december 2016, in every organisational district across the country we will construct a new party office.
as part of its expansion programme, the party president had also made a request to collect funds for this purpose and establish the party offices.
he had also urged party workers to contribute generously.
the party and its karyakartas have been working relentlessly for the last 16 months to achieve this, said prasad.
the minister said that it was preposterous to suggest that a normal activity undertaken by the party as part of its regular and decided agenda to expand at the grassroot levels had anything to do with the demonetisation scheme which came into effect from november 9.
a local hindi news channel in bihar on thursday telecast a report that the bjp purchased land in 25 districts of bihar ahead of demonetisation of rs 500 and rs 1,000 currency notes announced on november 8.
according to reports, the bjp purchased land in more than two dozen districts, including saharsa, patna, madhubani, katihar, madhepura, lakhisarai, kishanganj and arwal.
the size of the plots acquired ranged from 250 sq feet to about half an acre.
their values range between rs 8 lakh to rs 1.
16 crore.
the costliest plot of land was bought at rs 1,100 per sq feet.
by online desknew delhi: hundreds of people, including prime minister narendra modi, bjp president amit shah and veteran party leader l k advani, bid farewell to former external affairs minister sushma swaraj as her mortal remains were consigned to flames at the lodhi road crematorium here on wednesday.
swaraj, who also served as the leader of opposition and chief minister of delhi, was given full state honours after which her body was cremated in the electric crematorium.
her daughter bansuri swaraj performed the last rites of the former union minister.
bhutan's prime minister tshering tobgay, several leaders from the nda as well the opposition, were also present.
the body of the long-time bjp leader, who died here on tuesday at the age of 67, was brought to the crematorium from the party office.
the mortal remains of the bjp stalwart were earlier kept at the bjp headquarters in delhi for leaders and workers to pay tributes.
senior bjp leaders rajnath singh, jp nadda, ravishankarprasad prasad, piyush goyal and others carried the mortal remains of sushma swaraj as it was shifted from the bjp hq to be taken to the crematorium.
senior bjp leaders rajnath singh, jp nadda, ravishankarprasad prasad, piyush goyal and others carried the mortal remains of sushma swaraj as it was shifted from the bjp hq to be taken the crematorium.
view photos | nation bids final farewell to people's minister sushma swaraj#watch rajnath singh, jp nadda, ravishankarprasad prasad, piyush goyal & other bjp leaders give shoulder to mortal remains of #sushmaswaraj as they are being taken from bjp headquarters to lodhi crematorium in delhi.
pic.
twitter.com/h72kz3lpqw  ani (@ani) august 7, 2019bjp workers and mourners on wednesday gathered in large numbers at the party headquarters on wednesday to pay their last respects to sushma swaraj, veteran leader, former external affairs minister and also didi to many of them.
some cried inconsolably and others fought back their tears as top party leaders, including bjp president amit shah and working president j p nadda, covered swaraj's body with the national flag and paid their tributes.
the body of the late leader, who died on tuesday night at the age of 67, was brought from her residence to the party's headquarters.
swaraj, a leading face of her party and its most prominent woman leader for decades, was cremated in at the lodhi road crematorium.
crowds chanted jab tak suraj chand rahega didi tera naam rahega (her name will endure till as long as the sun and the moon), bidding her goodbye after the hearse carrying her left her home.
uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath and his haryana counterpart manohar lal khattar were among the senior party leaders who arrived at the party office to offer their tributes to swaraj.
outside, the crowds surged, waiting for their turn to pay their last respects.
among them was gyandeep bharti, a upsc aspirant, who said she was impressed by swaraj's personality and how she went out of her way as external affairs minister to help people in distress.
there was also salim mansooru, who came from sangam vihar and remembered her for her humility and affection.
a group of flower sellers from r k puram said they always gave her flowers on her birthday and have now come to offer flowers for one last time.
new delhi: the delay in appointments of judges could be down to thorough background checks of candidates recommended by the supreme court collegium, as prime minister narendra modi had made clear during a recent internal meeting that the government would not yield to pressure, be it internal or external, when it comes to making judicial appointments.
while there was intense pressure to expeditiously clear appointments in view of the mounting vacancies and pendency of cases, modi, at a recent internal meeting, made it clear that even if there was an iota of doubt, the government would not accept the names.
we will not come under pressure.
we want clean people in the judiciary and if the process requires some time, so be it, modi is understood to have said at the meeting.
following chief justice t s thakurs criticism of the government over the delay in appointments to high courts, modi met law minister ravishankarprasad prasad to discuss the issue of pending files with the ministry.
in certain cases, the ministry has observed the need for re-examination of files.
the law minister is said to have given five to seven examples of cases recommended for high court appointments where the files have been forwarded for a fresh background scrutiny.
it was made clear to the pm that in some cases, pressure was also from within the government, sources said on the condition of anonymity.
there has been an unprecedented rise in vacancies on account of differences between the executive and the judiciary over the memorandum of procedure after the apex court quashed the national judicial appointment commission (njac) act and restored the collegium system.
the law ministry is yet to take a decision on 227 files related to judges appointments, while it has forwarded 78 names to the chief justice-led collegium for consideration.
as many as 478 posts are vacant in 24 high courts, with around 39 lakh cases pending in these courts.
chennai, delhi: tamil nadus demand to include udhagamandalam, namakkal and karur under central governments amrut scheme would be considered when the union cabinet approves additional number of cities, said union urban development minister venkaiah naidu on tuesday.
he was addressing the media after meeting with the delegation from tn led by chief minister edappadi k palaniswami.
explaining how the scheme had a cap of 500 cities which had one lakh and above population, he said these towns did not meet the criteria when the scheme was unveiled.
they say the population had increased now because of migration.
that is a separate case.
he added that land allocation for second phase of metro rail project in chennai, housing projects for those affected by floods in 2015, and issues related to smart and amrut city schemes came up for discussion during the meeting.
when pointed out that the states demand for das license to arasu cable tv was pending for a long time, he said, it is pending for last two years.
we are examining it at the earliest and we will be taking a decision on this soon.
after meeting union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad, chief minister palaniswami said they thanked the minister for giving permission to conduct jallikattu.
now, the state is facing the issue of neet and we have requested him to extend legal help in this regard.
he also promised to consider this request.
during his meeting with union road transport minister nitin gadkari, palaniswami said, he had requested the centre to take up 800 km roads as national highways in tamil nadu.
gadkari agreed to that proposal, added the chief minister.
sana shakil byexpress news servicenew delhi: the legal bills of the government have been progressively rising since the nda came to power in 2014.
according to the union ministry of law and justice, the governments spend on lawyers fees has almost doubled in four yearsfrom rs 28.
46 crore in 2014-2015 to rs 54.
37 crore in 2017-18 due to the significant increase in litigations in which the government is a party.
sources in the ministry said many policies of the central government have been challenged in courts across the countrysuch as aadhaar, demonetisation and the triple talaq bill.
on aadhaar alone, 27 petitions are pending before the supreme court.
though petitions against aadhaar started trickling in 2012 itself, their number rose in 2016-2017 when the government started linking aadhaar with welfare schemes.
around a dozen petitions were filed against demonetisation, many of which are still pending before the supreme court.
around half-a-dozen petitions are being heard by courts against the bill that seeks to criminalise triple talaq.
the rising numbers of cases are despite the government repeatedly asking various ministries and departments to cut down on litigations.
in april last year, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad had written to all union ministers and state chief ministers to launch special arrears clearance drives to reduce pendency and minimise fresh litigation.
the central and state governments together account for approximately 46 per cent of the total 3.
13 crore cases pending.
among central ministries, railways is the biggest litigant with 70,000 cases pending.
the ministry of finance is next with 15,700 cases, followed by ministries of communications (12,800), home affairs (11,700) and defence (3,400).
new delhi: chiding rahul gandhi for attacking prime minister narendra modi on demonetisation yet again, union minister of law and justice ravishankarprasad prasad on saturday said the congress vice president is crossing all limits of morality by speaking in such a shameless fashion.
rahul gandhi is crossing limits of dignitiy.
he is speaking in a shameful fashion.
he is speaking a lie.
for 10 years, his government remained mired by corruption.
congress allies kept on plundering the country in 2g and coal scams, but they did not take any action against them, prasad told ani.
farmers were dying, while the nations money was being siphoned off into foreign countries, but they did nothing to bring back the money.
today, narendra modis government is working with honesty; working to bring back the money stashed in foreign countries; an sit (special investigation team) has also been formed, but rahul gandhi is troubled, because the corrupt people, whose money is at stake, most of them have the protection of the congress party, and therefore, he never protested against black money openly, alleged prasad, who is also the union minister for information technology.
he said the entire country knows what the congress party had done to do away with black money.
we are saying it categorically that in the 10 years of manmohan singhs government, neither congress president sonia gandhi nor you (rahul gandhi) or the government had made any effort to flush out black money and to tackle corruption.
rather corruption flourished under the protection of your government, and his claim that loans of many people were waived (by the congress government) is a complete lie and futile, said prasad.
lauding the measures taken by prime minister narendra modis government, he said, today, you can see strict action being taken and raids being conducted daily, which will be conducted even further.
the country is with modiji.
addressing a gathering at margao in goa, rahul gandhi yesterday said the demonetisation drama is not a fight against corruption and black money, but rather it is an attack on honest and poor people who have worked hard to earn their money.
the congress vice president said the governments decision to scrap rs. 500 and rs. 1000 notes turned out to be a fire bomb that has affected the poor.
narendra modi launched a new marketing scheme, saying that it was a surgical strike on corruption and black money.
but this was not a surgical strike, it was a fire bombing on poor people, he said.
he said in the last two-and-a-half years, prime minister modi waived off rs 1,10,000 crore loans of the rich people and post demonetisation the prime minster waived off liquor baron vijay mallya's loan worth rs.1200 crore.
he said the congress party is ready to support if the government is serious about eradicating corruption in the country.
the congress wants to eradicate corruption from country.
if the nda government wants to take a step against it, the party will give its 100 percent support, he said.
new delhi: government has decided to go aggressive while defending the benefits of demonetisation.
it fielded many senior ministers on thursday to counter the opposition attack and to hit back at congress.
the exercise will continue for next few days as bjp sources said that the finance ministry is ready with a presentation on benefits of noteban which will be shown to union ministers and party parliamentarians.
highly placed sources in the bjp said that ministers and party lawmakers will be present in different parts of the country to reach out to people on december 31 as the first phase of the drive against black money will come to an end.
on this occasion, the government will also announce winners of a mega lucky draw for people who have made maximum number of digital transactions.
on thursday, bjp hit back at congress warning the party of legal action over its baseless and untrue allegations, including that prime minister narendra modi and its chief amit shah have links with gujarat businessman mahesh shah, who is being probed for declaring unaccounted income of rs 13,860 crore.
union minister ravishankarprasad prasad also rejected congress' charge against amit shah, who is one of the directors in a gujarat bank in which deposits of over rs 500 crore were made and asserted that the bank has over 200 branches and it will give explanation about the matter.
we want to make it clear that our prime minister and party president have no links whatsoever with the person by the name of mahesh sharma, against whom action is going on.
if congress has any proof, it should talk about it.
otherwise, we will consider taking legal action under the law dealing with levelling of baseless allegations, prasad said.
prasad was accompanied by power minister piyush goyal in countering the allegations.
goyal refuted the allegations that crores of rupees have been sent to bjp office in poll-bound uttar pradesh, demanding that proof be given and warning of legal action.
we are getting indication for an historic support for bjp in up, he said, claiming that people have supported note ban despite hardships.
union finance minister arun jaitley mainly spoke on the benefits of demonetisation.
he said that tax and revenue collections have gone up showing clear results of the prime minister's november 8 announcement on demonetisation.
a large portion of the currency wiped out by the notes ban has already been replaced and the reserve bank has adequate new currency and would release 500 rupee notes to remonetisethe people have supported this move significantly, and not a single incident of any form of unrest has been reported in the country since the notes ban, jaitley said.
union minister m venkaiah naidu accused congress of trying to tar the government's image by calling demonetisation a scam, said the note ban move was an anti-scam vaccine but the opposition party is rattled at the prospect of the government going after illegal money.
naidu said that contrary to perceptions, rabi sowing increased by 6.
37 , no.
of foreign tourists by 9.
3  & foreign exchange earnings by 14.
4  this year.
our government's endeavour is to unleash the 'might' of money through a white money economy, eliminating all black money.
we inherited an eco-system marked by serious governance deficits.
it is our endeavor to transform this desperate india to a new india, naidu added.
new delhi: clearing governments view on the appointment of judges, union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad in lok sabha on wednesday said that if the country can trust prime minister with the nuclear button, then why he cannot be trusted for appointing excellent people as judges through his law minister.
the union law minister mentioned this while responding to concerns raised by some members over the apex court verdict overturning a new law on appointment of judges where it was said that a litigant may feel that a judge will not be impartial as he has been appointed by a committee which includes the law minister.
prime minister narendra modi was also present in the house when the law minister made these remarks.
mohammad salim of the cpi (m) asked for on-camera proceedings of court cases.
on this, the law minister said there are more than 19,000 district courts in india apart from high courts and supreme court.
there is a logistical issue here in setting up cameras everywhere.
he said while live telecast of lok sabha and rajya sabha proceedings was easy as there were only two houses, it was difficult to do so in several thousand court rooms.
but the suggestion of the member was worth considering, he added.
when sanjay jaiswal (bjp) said that the supreme court was getting into law-making through its verdicts on issues ranging from cricket management to medical entrance tests, members across the house started it drew thumping of desks from members across the house.
prasad refused to offer any comment on the apex court orders on cricket management or neet entrance examination.
but, at the same time, he pointed out that in the kesavananda bharati vs state of kerala judgement, the top court had clearly laid out separation of powers between the three organs of democracy.
the minister said while the legislature will formulate law, the executive will execute it and the judiciary will interpret the law.
if it is binding on all, sorry to say, it is equally binding on the judiciary, he added.
following the question hour, the lower house witnessed noisy scenes with several members seen talking to each other.
apparently, irritated over it, the speaker sumitra mahajan asked, what is happening?
is this a school?
the members had started talking to each other as the question hour got over and the pm left.
mahajan asked the members to maintain slience as it was getting difficult to continue with the proceedings.
new delhi: the business process outsourcing (bpo) industry is set for massive growth in india, according to it minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
the sector already holds a 38 per cent global market share and the increased focus of the government on providing an impetus to better customer services will only increase the need for call centers, prasad added.
inaugurating a networking workshop on the india bpo promotion scheme, prasad said that the modi led government is determined to create a knowledge based society to improve the efficiency and reach of services.
unlike the industrial revolution, he pointed out, india is all set to take the lead in the ongoing digital revolution.
prasad also said that the government has approved the india bpo promotion scheme (ibps) under the digital india programme to create employment opportunities.
the scheme will promote bpo/ites operations across the country to secure balanced regional growth of it/ites industry and provide capital support along with special incentives upto rs 1 lakh/seat in the form of viability gap funding.
this will be done at an outlay of rs 493 crore.
during the last financial year, it & it enabled services earned a record revenue of $143 billion, around 9.
3 per cent of indias gdp.
during the same period, exports from the sector comprised around 45 per cent of all services exports from the country.
the sector directly employed 3.
7 million people and two lakh additional jobs were created.
prasad pointed out that a citizen oriented e-governance model would require effective citizen support and this demand could be met by call centres.
moreover, with bpo operations in big cities becoming expensive due to rising cost of real estate and other essential amenities, prasad said that costs would be mitigated if the bpo industry moves to smaller towns.
it would save around 10-25 per cent of the costs, he said.
new delhi: the centre evaded any direct reply on not allotting rs 3100 crore sought by the election commission to have electronic voting machines with paper trail while it assured the rajya sabha that it will ensure increasing use of such machines in a phased manner as there are logistical issue.
speaking in rajya sabha on electoral reforms, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said that electronic voting machines (evms) cannot be tempered with and targeted the opposition that evms are correct when they win but are tempered with when the bjp wins.
when we (bjp) lost bihar and delhi elections, we never questioned that there was problem with the evms but the entire opposition now (post elections in five states) is raising the issues that evms can be tempered, he said.
the minister further said that it is not because of evms that the bsp, sp, congress and other parties have lost in elections but because the people are convinced that prime minister narendra modis government will ensure development.
they should accept peoples mandate with humility.
people of india have shown faith in bjp ruled government and the opposition is troubled by the massive mandate we have got in elections, said prasad.
there were hot exchange of words between the minister and the opposition while bsp leader s c mishra alleging that the people of uttar pradesh feel cheated after the election results as their votes went to some other party.
the opposition said that the supreme court in a 2013 ruling has made it mandatory to have evms with voter-verified paper audit trail (vvpat) but the central government has not done anything to implement it in last four year.
leader of opposition in rajya sabha ghulam nabi azad said that the centre doesnt want to allocate the money for the machines.
the election commission has written 12 times to the centre, including an sos letter to prime minister by chief election commissioner to allocate required rs 3100 for acquiring the machines but money has not been allocated, he said.
with the minister giving logistics reason like security and safety issues with the machines for delay, azad said: when the government cannot secure the machines, how can they ensure safety of the nation.
the minister said that in 2015, 67000 vvpats were ordered but only 33000 have been received as there are only two psus which manufacture it.
some members demanded that vvpats should be used in next assembly elections in gujarat and himachal pradesh.
prasad said that the decision on this will be taken by the election commission.
not satisfied with the reply of the minister, the entire opposition walked out of the house.
by iansnew delhi: prime minister narendra modi's actual countdown for revoking article 370 and bifurcation of the state of jammu and kashmir began during the third week of june, when he chose 1987 batch ias officer of chattisgarh cadre, b.v.r. subramanyam as new chief secretary of jammu and kashmir.
subrahmanyam, who had worked as joint secretary (pmo) with the prime minister earlier, was one of the key officials in modi's mission kashmir.
the entire task of mission kashmir was handed over to union home minister amit shah, who along with law minister ravishankarprasad prasad was reviewing legal implications with a core team, which included law & justice secretary alok srivastav, additional secretary law (home) r.s. verma, attorney general k.k. venugopal, union home secretary rajiv gauba and his select team of kashmir division.
before the beginning of the budget session, shah had briefed rashtriya swayamsevak sangh (rss) chief mohan bhagwat and his aide (general secretary) bhaiyaji joshi about the centre's determination to revoke article 370 and subsequent bifurcation of jammu and kashmir into two separate union territories.
read here | mehbooba mufti, omar abdullah formally detained, taken to guest house in srinagarafter legal consultations, shah focussed on the implications of the revocation of article 370 on the valley's law and order situation.
sources close to shah revealed that on the prime minister's suggestion shah then had a couple of meetings with national security advisor (nsa) ajit doval.
the sources said that once shah had reviewed the situation in kashmir himself, doval was sent to srinagar to assess the situation from a security point of view.
the nsa camped there for three days.
then on july 26, the decision to curtail the amarnath yatra was taken.
later recall of all tourists from the valley was also suggested by the nsa.
apart from this, an additional 100 companies of the central paramilitary were also rushed as back-up to the prevailing security apparatus.
jammu and kashmir chief secretary subramanyam, who was in the loop with the prime minister's office (pmo) and the ministry of home affairs (mha) was given the blueprint of several security measures to be taken on ground zero -- use of satellite phones by key police, paramilitary and administration officials; deployment of qrts in sensitive urban and rural pockets across south kasmir; and a high vigil at loc by army, apprehending mischief from across the border.
the army chief, heads of intelligence agencies and central para military forces were also coordinating with the union home secretary and chief secretary 24x7.
also read | centres decision on scrapping article 370 in jammu and kashmir triggers fear in northeaston the crucial night of august 4, chief secretary instructed director general of police (jammu and kashmir) dilbagh singh to take several preventive measures which included house arrest of key political leaders, snapping mobile and landline services, declaring section 144 and preparing drill for clamping curfew in the valley.
earlier, on the delhi front, shah had another key team set on the job, which included rajya sabha members like anil baluni and bhupendra yadav.
the team was tasked to muster the support of fellow members of the august house, where bjp fell short of a majority.
the team which had engineered a major defection in tdp's rajya sabha members had managed samajwadi party mps, neeraj shekhar, surendra nagar, sanjay seth, and congress mp sanjay singh to quit the rajya sabha.
thus giving a big boost to the bjp in the upper house.
at the eleventh hour, the team also managed bsp leader satish mishra to support the move related to article 370 and bifurcation of the state.
in the meantime, amit shah also had close door meetings with key journalists (having access in the mha) to be balanced in reporting while touching highly sensitive issues, which have international implications.
shah's objective was to maintain top secrecy, till he introduces the bill, and breaks the historical news on august 5, on the floor of parliament itself.
sources said that by august 2, shah was confident that his party had enough support in the rajya sabha and would introduce the historical bill(of bifurcation of jammu and kashmir) in the upper house by monday.
read here | what was article 370 of the constitution?
why was it revoked?
subsequently, a whip was issued by the bjp instructing all members to remain in their respective house hinting them that important bills were expected to be passed.
highly placed sources revealed that finally on the weekend, it was decided by modi and shah to convene a meeting of the cabinet at the pm's residence on monday, to disclose mission kashmir's objective to ministers and pass a resolution thereof, prior to the proceedings of the house.
similarly, the ministry of law and justice was tasked for prompt issuance of notification by the president of india on the revocation of article 370.
after shah introduced the bill amid chaos in the rajya sabha on monday, a bjp mp reacted: shah's mission has never been defeated.
he is the new sardar (vallabhbhai patel).
new delhi: the collegium system of appointing judges once again came under sharp criticism in parliament on tuesday, with several mps pitching for a fresh law to appoint judges.
the government, however, remained non-committal on a fresh law, and said it needed broader political consensus.
the polity will have to take a call.
i cannot make a commitment today, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said in the rajya sabha responding to a calling attention motion on the impasse between the judiciary and the legislature.
we have accepted the judgment regardless of our reservations, he added.
opposition members participating in the debate appeared agitated over the supreme court verdict which struck down the njac act, and called the ruling an attempt to undermine parliament.
the supreme court in october last year termed the national judicial appointments commission unconstitutional and held that the presence of the law minister and two members on the njac panel could affect the judiciarys independence.
during the debate, mps from sp, bsp and cpi demanded equal representation of judges from the dalits, sc and st, and alleged people from weaker sections were not getting fair justice.
new delhi: with a view to bring the stalled projects in tamil nadu on fast track, the state chief minister e k palaniswami held a series of meetings with union ministers in delhi while discussing various state-specific projects.
it was his maiden meetings with the union ministers including venkaiah, nitin gadkari and ravishankarprasad prasad after taking charge as cm.
palanisamy is on a two-day visit in the national capital.
on monday, he had met the prime minister narendra modi and demanded for immediate release of relief funds for the drought-hit state and for the damage caused by the cyclone vardah.
the tamil nadu cm discussed second phase of metro, slum development and other welfare programmes with union urban development minister venkaiah naidu.
he also met union transport minister nitin gadkari and held talks on port-maduravoyal project, madurai inner ring road and four-lane ecr project.
second phase of metro, housing, people affected by floods in 2015, slum development and issues related to smart and amrut cities were some of the requests that were made before me, naidu said on tuesday.
meanwhile, the tamil nadu cm said, apart from other issues we have requested the ministry to undertake around 700 kilometres of the state roads under national highways department.
union and state government would jointly take up maduravoyal scheme and start the works as soon as possible.
mos pon radhakrishnan who was present in the meeting at transport bhawan said, issues regarding fishermen were discussed and steps will be taken by the central government to solve them.
with the state government's cooperation enayam port project works would be hastened to help fishermen export from tamil nadu and stop the present practice of exporting from kochi.
meetings will be held for the purpose.
dpr will be prepared in the first phase, he added.
later in a meeting with union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad, the cm discussed the issue of neet and asked for ratification for state government legislation exempting tamil nadu from the ambit of neet.
by ptinew delhi: in the first bjp parliamentary party meeting after he came back to power, prime minister narendra modi on tuesday pulled up party mps for their poor attendance in parliament, and asked them to be present during legislative proceedings.
according to sources, the prime minister expressed displeasure over the absence of party mps from parliament and gave examples to drive his message home.
how will you feel if you win your election by 2 lakh votes but come to know that your best friend did not vote?
how will you feel if a rally by party president amit shah in your constituency is cancelled at the last minute?
he asked party mps, adding that this is how the leadership felt at their absence from parliament.
the prime minister also cited the example of ljp mp chirag paswan for his good attendance in parliament and told bjp mps to learn from him as to how to come prepared for an issue to participate in parliamentary debates.
modi's message came in the backdrop of low attendance of bjp mps during the division of votes on the introduction of triple talaq bill in lok sabha on june 21.
there were 186 votes in its support and 74 against, even though the bjp has 303 members in the house and its allies have 50.
aimim member asaduddin owaisi had sought a division of votes when law minister ravishankarprasad prasad had introduced the muslim women (protection of rights on marriage) bill, 2019, also known as the triple talaq bill.
this is the first legislation tabled by the government in the 17th lok sabha.
the poor attendance of bjp mps has long been a sore issue for modi, who had flagged the matter time and again even during the previous term of his government.
parliamentary affairs minister pralhad joshi told reporters that modi likened parliament to a university for mps, saying it provides them biggest opportunity to learn and learning is something that never ends.
he also asked them to dedicate themselves to people's service so that they are known for what they have done for the masses, joshi said.
lucknow: the centre is committed to ending the evil social practice of triple talaq, union law minister and senior bjp leader ravishankarprasad prasad said today and asked samajwadi party, congress and bsp to make their stand clear on the contentious issue.
the government respects faith but worship and social evil cannot coexist, he said.
i want akhilesh yadav, rahul gandhi and mayawati to clarify their stand on the issue of triple talaq.
our (bjp's) stand is very clear.
the issue is not related to religion but involves respect and dignity of women, prasad said at a press conference here.
we are the only party which respects women.
neither do other parties offer a good place to women nor do they respect them, the bjp leader claimed.
speaking at a press conference in ghaziabad yesterday, he had said the centre might take appropriate steps to ban triple talaq after the uttar pradesh assembly elections as the tradition denies respect to women.
prasad had said, every pernicious practice cannot be part of a religion and the centre would raise the issue in the supreme court on three points -- justice, equality and dignity of women.
referring to the sp-congress alliance in uttar pradesh, he said, this is an alliance of desperation between two dynastic parties.
.
.
alliance of desperation between crime, criminals and corruption.
ridiculing the pre-poll tie-up, he claimed the confluence of ganga and yamuna will end up with one party merging with the other after the polls.
which party will merge with which party will be seen after the polls.
this is nothing but a theatre of the absurd, the bjp leader said.
he also touched upon the salient features of bjp's manifesto and the union budget and explained how it would help the poor.
yesterday, while speaking to media persons in ghaziabad, prasad had alleged that samajwadi party and congress have entered an alliance as both parties indulge in corruption, crime and loot.
both parties are the opportunist and have tied-up with each other just to stop the landslide victory of bjp, he claimed.
not a single big industry was established in uttar pradesh during the tenure of akhilesh yadav-led sp government, the bjp leader alleged, adding the funds sanctioned by the centre for the development of the state has not just due to the feud within the yadav family.
new delhi: financial constraints cannot stand in the way of making access of the people to justice, though it may lead to lack of infrastructure and judges, chief justice of india t s thakur said today.
financial constraints cannot stand in the way of making access to justice a reality.
that is absolutely in tune with our constitutional philosophy that access to justice should be a reality and it cannot be a reality if people have to wait for years and years for their cases to be decided, the cji said at a function here to celebrate the 50th anniversary of the establishment of delhi high court.
thakur said this after delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal, who also addressed the gathering at vigyan bhawan here, assured support of his government in improving infrastructure and recruitment of more judges.
prime minister narendra modi was the chief guest at the event which was also attended by law minister ravishankarprasad prasad, lieutenant governor of delhi najeeb jung, delhi high court chief justice g rohini and justice b d ahmed.
addressing the gathering, the cji said that judges should introspect about public perception regarding their rectitude as it is painful to see aberrations occuring at some level or the other which bring disrepute to the entire justice system.
i think delhi high court has achieved much, but in terms of ensuring that such incidents (aberrations) do not happen, there is much more to be done.
i only hope that brother judges at all levels take extra care not to give any room for any doubt or anything that is not in tune with judicial ethics and professional rectitude, the cji said.
by anipatna: after facebook inc removed 687 pages and accounts of congress party, union minister ravishankarprasad prasad on monday called it a historical development.
today a very historical development has taken place.
owners of those accounts were not known.
it was fake.
it was used to spread falsehood against the narendra modi government.
when inquiry was done, it was found that those individuals were linked to congress it cell, said prasad.
he added, facebook has also removed 180 pages of isi which were spreading misinformation with fake news in pakistan.
what is happening in india and in pakistan, the investigation showed that.
congress is desperate, therefore, resorting to these types of dubious means to garner support.
however, people are confident after seeing the performance of the narendra modi government.
earlier in the day, facebook inc announced that it is removing 687 pages and accounts linked to the congress party for coordinated inauthentic behaviour.
this comes barely two weeks before the polling begins for the lok sabha elections.
besides this, the social media giant has also deleted facebook and instagram pages and accounts that originated in pakistan.
today we removed 103 pages, groups and accounts for engaging in coordinated inauthentic behavior on facebook and instagram as part of a network that originated in pakistan.
the individuals behind this activity used fake accounts to operate military fan pages; general pakistani interest pages; kashmir community pages; and hobby and news pages, nathaniel gleicher, head of cybersecurity policy at facebook said in a statement.
follow our election coverage herebjp it cell in-charge amit malviya told ani, it is quite unprecedented that facebook has actually named the indian national congress for running a network of fake pages that were peddling lies perhaps a lot of misinformation which could cause law and order problem in the country.
all this so that they could discredit the government, the prime minister, and make some political capital out of it.
last few days, we have seen discourse around fake news and now we know who is the purveyor of fake news.
all these fake pages can be attributed to congress party and its president rahul gandhi.
in fact, these fake pages were run by the members of congress it cell.
they must own up.
the engagement they had with cambridge analytica has come to the fore even more, he added.
malviya further said, facebook also talks about the handles which were operated by the pakistani establishment linked to their publicity wing ispr which are essential running pages.
they work overtime to discredit indian government and prime minister narendra modi.
hence, there is a commonality between congress party and what the pakistani establishment is doing.
they both are running down india, indian government and indian prime minister.
their aim is to destabilise the state and cause trouble and that is a matter of concern, malviya told ani.
however, the congress party denied the allegations.
we don't react to the news reports which may just be coming in, whether there are any facebook pages which are linked to us.
we will have to check and get back to you.
we will have to check the veracity of the report.
i don't think any news organisation can claim that what they print is gospel, we have the right to check what has been published, the party spokesperson manish tewari told reporters.
new delhi: with the government and the judiciary at loggerheads again over the appointment of over 500 judges to various high courts across the country, former solicitor general of india harish salve on sunday said there should be a white paper on appointment of judges, adding that the people of this country are entitled to know  whats the problem and where is the hold up.
we do not know as citizens of india what has happened to the memorandum of procedures.
the court acknowledged in its judgment that the collegium system was opaque, we do not know whether we are going with it.
half the dialogue is in private and half the dialogue is in public; all we know is the chief justice tells us the previous day that there are 500 vacancies in high courts.
it is a very worrying statistic in the country which is reeling under arrears of cases, salve told ani.
the law minister (ravi shankar prasad) tells us, by what he said he was clearly implying, that its not has gone on account of the government.
there is some mismatch here and, i think, there should be a white paper on appointment of judges and the people of this country are entitled to know  whats the problem; where is the hold up; how a judge is now being appointed; have the correction mandated by the five-judge bench, which struck down the njac (national judicial appointments commission); at least to that extent have the corrections been carried out, and if they are incapable of being carried out, then we need a fresh look in this entire appointment process, said salve.
he further said, as a stakeholder in the system, as a citizen of india, and also as a lawyer who is putting near for a decade in the supreme court, i am saddened that the relation on a issues as sensitive as appointed of judges have reached this impasse and i think it doesnt help either institutions if there is a impasse.
with chief justice of india t.s. thakur cautioning that no organs of government should cross the lakshman rekha and stressing that the judiciary has been given the duty to ensure all remain within its limit, salve said, thats stating the obvious.
the constitution is the lakshman rekha for everybody.
we have a written constitution and everybody has to work within their field; that is stating the obvious.
many people have stated this before and many people will say after him.
addressing an all-india conference of the central administration tribunal (cat) here on saturday, the cji said there are around 500 vacancies in high courts today with a large number of proposals are still pending, and hoped that the government attends to them.
infrastructure is a major concern for the tribunals, which are are not adequately equipped and a situation has come today that no retired supreme court judge wants to head tribunals, the said cji, adding that tribunals are empty and there are no proper facilities.
addressing the cjis concerns, prasad said this year government has made record 121 judges appointment, and there have been only 80 appointments since 1990.
prasad said five thousand vacancies are in lower judiciary in which government has no role to play and this must be taken care of by high courts.
the minister said cat has done a great job in evolution of service jurisprudence over the years.
by express news servicenew delhi: a united opposition blocked the amended triple talaq bill in the rajya sabha on monday, as it refused to yield on its demand to send it to the select committee of the house for vetting.
while the bjp attacked the opposition for creating roadblocks against such important legislation seeking gender justice for muslim women, the congress shot back, saying ramming it through without legislative scrutiny, as was done in the lok sabha, will not be allowed.
also read: opposition demands triple talaq bill be sent to select committeeamid din, union minister for law and justice ravishankarprasad prasad tabled the muslim women (protection of rights on marriage) bill, 2018, better known as the triple talaq bill.
however, the house failed to initiate discussions.
prasad argued that even after promulgation of an ordinance, there were multiple instances of instant triple talaq, one of which was reported just a day ago.
alleging the congress was politicising a very important legislative initiative, prasad sought to pin it down saying it had already taken part in discussions on the bill in the lok sabha, which passed it on thursday.
the leader of the opposition ghulam nabi azad, however, insisted it required legislative scrutiny, pointing out that more than half of the members in the house wanted it referred to the select committee.
in the ensuing ruckus, the house was adjourned for 15 minutes.
nda ally janata dal (united), too, leaned on the side of the opposition.
on an average, the select committee takes about three months to submit its report, so the chances of a vetted bill going back to parliament for passing before the upcoming lok sabha elections are zilch.
union minister vijay goel and deputy leader of the opposition anand sharma were locked in a war of words.
while goel charged the congress with politicising the bill, sharma hit back, saying it was the bjp that was giving political colour even while opposition parties only sought a larger legislative scrutiny.
deputy chairman harivansh narayan singh adjourned the house to meet again on wednesday.
nitishs party too not on the nda pageeven nda ally jd(u) is in favour of sending it to the select committee.
it may not support the bill if it is put to vote in its present form.
the nitish kumar led-jd(u) has five members in the rajya sabha.
trinamool leader derek o brien along with other opposition members later moved a resolution for sending the bill to the house panel.
it will be taken up in the house on wednesday as the resolution has been accepted by the rajya sabha secretary general.
by express news servicenew delhi: president ram nath kovind on monday said that horrific images of the november 26, 2008 mumbai terror attacks still remain in indias collective memory and we are honour bound to get justice for those who suffered.
in pics | samvidhan divas: commemorating indian constitution daykovind, who was speaking at the inaugural function of constitution day celebrations said, i refer to the terror attacks in mumbai on this day, exactly 10 years later.
as a nation and the people, we are honour bound to get justice for the individuals and families that suffered.
justice lokur, in his speech, said that the country had faced a huge challenge posed by terrorists on november 26, 2008 when unusually large number of men, women and children in the financial capital of the country became victims of a senseless terror attack in which more than 250 people lost their lives.
law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said terrorists and some others speak about the human rights of terrorists but what about the human rights of the victims of such attacks.
we need to understand that terrorists are equipped with most deadly weapons.
they also claim human rights and fair trial which we must give, he said.
terrorists claim human rights since our constitution provides it but what about the human rights of victims of terror attacks?
it is something which we need to discuss, prasad said.
scba president vikas singh said there was need to have a law to outsmart the terrorists by ensuring that by legislation, media is restrained from publishing the names of organisation and perpetrators of terror attacks because the whole purpose such an attack is to gain publicity.
by ptinew delhi: cash-strapped bharat sanchar nigam ltd (bsnl) has said austerity measures guidelines have been issued to its circles to reduce costs, parliament was informed on wednesday.
due to fall in revenue, payment of salary of employees and statutory payments are the first priority.
thereafter, bills of contractors, etc.
, are taken into consideration for payment, communications minister ravishankarprasad prasad said in a written reply to the lok sabha.
at this point, no shortage of contractual labour is anticipated, he said.
bsnl has informed that austerity measures guidelines have been issued to circles for reducing costs, the minister noted.
new delhi: amid the controversy regarding tampering of evms, chief election commissioner nasim zaidi has written a fresh letter to law minister ravishankarprasad prasad seeking release of `3,100 crore for procurement of paper-trail voting machines to be used in the 2019 general elections.
this is the 13th letter the election commission has sent to the centre seeking funds to buy over 16 lakh machines to cover all polling stations.
the latest one, sent on march 22, stated that procurement of evms with voter-verified paper audit trails (vvpats) cannot be delayed any longer given the prevailing environment.
the commission stands fully committed to deploy vvpats along with evms in all future elections so that transparency of electoral process is enhanced, integrity of the voting preserved and the voters confidence in the process is further strengthened, zaidi wrote in his letter to prasad.
the bsp, sp, congress and aap have accused the government of not releasing funds for vvpats and allege that evms were tampered with during the recent assembly elections in five states.
the opposition has demanded that ec revert to the paper ballot system as evms can be tampered with.
the government has repeatedly said it is considering the viability of manufacturing vvpats as only two government companies make them.
according to official figures, in 2015, 67,000 vvpats were ordered, but only 33,000 were received.
zaidi said an order for the machines should be placed immediately as it would take 30 months from the date of release of funds for bharat electronics ltd and electronics corporation of india ltd to manufacture them.
new delhi: now, no need to carry around physical copies of the vehicle registration certificate or the driving licence -- it can all be stored digitally - courtesy the digilocker, a secured cloud-based platform.
the government on wednesday launched the integration of vehicle registration and driving licenses with the digilocker.
with digilocker, people can instead access digital copies of the documents on their mobile phones through the digilocker mobile app.
driving licenses and vehicle registration documents can now be issued directly to the digilockers of individuals in digital formats, according to a statement, which added that the digital copies can be shared with other departments as identity and address proof.
the service was jointly launched by information and telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad and road, transport, highways and shipping minister nitin gadkari at the transport bhawan.
the service will also be used for on-the-spot verification through the person's mobile, by law enforcement authorities like traffic police.
besides being convenient for people, it will also result in assured authenticity of such documents and reduction of administrative overhead.
this platform is a major step forward towards ensuring greater transparency and cutting down corruption and red-tapism.
the move will benefit a large number of people by facilitating ease of access to the documents, said gadkari.
stating that the launch will bring a paradigm shift towards the vision of paperless governance, prasad said: it will serve to bring agility and efficiency to the entire process of issuance of driving licenses and vehicle registration certificates through it enablement.
digilocker is an application which aims at transforming india into a digitally empowered society and knowledge economy.
it is a platform for issuance and verification of documents and certificates digitally.
as per the government, when a person signs up for a digilocker he gets access to a dedicated cloud storage space for his important documents.
digilocker currently has 21,26,332 registered users with 24,11,702 uploaded documents and has issued over 4,26,73,232 documents as on sep 1, 2016.
according to government, with the launch of the service national register system has got integrated with digilocker, making over 19 crore vehicle registration certificates and over 9 crore driving licenses available in the citizens' lockers.
once the data from the remaining rtos is updated in the national register systems, the digital copies of those driving licenses and vehicle registration certificates will also be available through digilock, said a statement from the government.
instructions issued to use the digilocker says that in order to access the digital rc and dl a person needs to first sign up for a digilocker.
the person then needs to download the digilocker android app from google playstore.
in the mobile app the person will have to select the issued documents section and then the dl/rc.
field staff like the traffic police can do off line verification of rc/dl using qr code.
apart from the mobile view version, digitally signed documents can also be accessed electronically, and these will be at par with the physical issued documents as per it act 2000.
abhay damle, joint secretary at ministry of road transport and highway said that the, ministry is working towards integrating even documents like vehicle insurance and fitness certificates to digilocker.
such intelligence is also important to ensure that the documents of one person are not used by another person.
this will halt such malpractices, debabrata naik, project director of digilocker told ians.
new delhi: comparing congress leader p chidambarams language used in his recent statement with that of a separatist, union minister ravishankarprasad prasad has questioned congress president sonia gandhi if chidambarams stance represents the stance of the congress.
as far as p. chidambaram is concerned, i am amazed at the language he is using, almost akin to a separatist.
i would like to ask sonia gandhi, does the comment of p. chidambaram represent the views of congress party, prasad told ani.
defending the remarks made by finance minister arun jaitley at the london school of economics, prasad said that the former has always stood for freedom of speech and expression.
arun jaitley was the president of delhi university in 1974-75 and was opposing the emergency imposed by indira gandhi and the way freedom was completely compromised and people were put into jail.
mr. jaitley also went to jail, not for breaking india, but for the freedom of indians, he said.
i do not know where chidambaram was then, but i think he needs to understand that bjp has always stood for freedom and also for integrity of india, he added.
speaking at the london school of economics earlier, jaitley had said that freedom of speech does not allow anyone to challenge the sovereignty of the nation.
any idea which thinks in terms of disintegration of the country is something i abhor.
within the framework of upholding the sovereignty of the country, we can ideologically differ but free speech does not permit you to assault the sovereignty of the country, jaitley said.
responding to the statement, chidambaram had asked if jaitley was heading an alliance of subversion when he was the president of delhi university students union in 1975.
when mr jaitley was president of dusu in 1975, was he heading an 'alliance of subversion'?
he tweeted.
the above remarks came in the backdrop of the violence that has engulfed the delhi university following mass protest by the students against disruption of a cultural event at ramjas college by the akhil bharatiya vidyarthi parishad (abvp).
chandigarh: cricketer-turned-politician navjot singh sidhus insistence on continuing his tv career has set political circles abuzz with the debate on whether his appearance on tv shows would violate the office of profit law.
sidhu, however, reiterated his stance on wednesday and said he did not know why people were getting stomach aches over his decision.
in the past, arun jaitley and ravishankarprasad prasad had surrendered their licence to practice law after taking oath as a minister in the modi government in 2014.
singer babul supriyo too gave up commercial playback singing after becoming a union minister.
however, there is a provision where the person concerned can continue holding the extra office by adding it to the list of offices that are exempted under the act.
for example, when pranab mukherjee became the deputy chairperson of the planning commission in the narasimha rao government, the office was exempted by adding it to the list.
going by past precedents, it remains to be seen whether sidhu has to give up his much-loved role on the kapil sharma show, or if an amendment is on the cards.
punjab chief minister captain amarinder singh said sidhus tourism and culture portfolio could be changed subject to legal opinion.
we have no objection if someone is earning his own money by his own means.
people have their own professions and some have their businesses.
but we have asked the punjab ag for an opinion and i may change sidhus portfolio as culture and tourism minister if we are advised to do so.
if the opinion states that it is constitutionally fine, then we have no objections, said the cm.
new delhi: highlighting the steps taken by ministry of law and justice during the three years after coming into power, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said all necessary steps have been taken to make judiciary accessible for everyone.
hailing prime minister narendra modi, prasad said, our government perform, reform and transform.
since the time we came to power, we have done many positive steps for the improvement of the judiciary.
despite our reservations in the national judicial appointments commission (njac), we did not stop the appointments process and will continue doing the same.
the strength of high court judges increased from 906 in may 2014 to 1079 in may 2017 which is an increase of 173 posts.
on the question of mop (memorandum of procedure) prasad said, there is more working required in finalising the mop.
but we need greater scrutiny in judges appointments (while referring to retired calcutta high court justice c s karnan).
appreciating the role of senior advocate harish salve at the international court of justice, prasad said, he has done excellent work for india in the kulbhushan jadhav case.
not only me but finance minister arun jaitely, mea minister sushma swaraj and pmo agreed on having salve our representation.
on the question of issuing notification of cattle ban, prasad said, our govt doesn't want to control people's food habit but its a reality large section of indian population reverse cow.
the notification has other intentions but we will review after taking account of all stakeholders.
we have taken note of the attorney general mukul rohtagi resignation and will take a decision at the right time, he has cited personal reasons for not continuing with the post, prasad said on ag's letter to relieve him from post.
he also informed that legislative department has approved election commission's proposal for procuring 16,15,000 vvpat machines for 2019 general election.
i will convene the conference of all chief justices of high courts to expedite the hearing of cases pending for more than 10 years, said prasad.
on national litigation policy, prasad said, law commission has given its report, we are examining the same.
new delhi: prime minister narendra modi powered the onset of the saffron wave, as the bjp reaped electoral dividends in the crucial hindi heartland of uttar pradesh.
the saffron breeze swept the bjp to power in uttar pradesh after a gap of 15 years with a majority that stunned the bsp supremo mayawati to cast aspersions on the electronic voting machines (evms).
by the time sun set on saturday, the principal players of up  akhilesh yadav and mayawati  were left shell-shocked, and the bjp jubilant at the unexpected scale of victory.
the near two-third majority in uttarakhand turned to be the icing on the cake for the bjp on super saturday.
with the bjp emerging strong enough to take shots at the formation of government in goa and manipur where the people gave fractured mandate, the political rivals too rushed to acknowledge the sheer superiority of the popularity of the prime minister, with the former jammu and kashmir chief minister omar abdullah declaring a walk over to the bjp in the 2019 lok sabha elections, while advising the opposition to think about the 2024 general elections.
the scale of verdict in up also left the bjp leaders stunned.
the union ministers lined up at the party headquarter to explain the verdict.
some sought to draw a parallel with the sweeping congress victory in 1984 after the assassination of the then prime minister indira gandhi.
its for the first time in many decades that a political party on its own has won more than 300 seats in up.
the verdict is historical.
in 1984 there was a sympathy wave.
but in the 2017 up polls, there was just one factor and that was narendra modi who eclipsed the political outfits having enjoyed hegemony on the basis of caste and religious identities, said a senior bjp leader.
but union minister ravishankarprasad prasad, besides lauding the prime minister, showered praise on the bjp chief amit shah for the hard work done in the state in the recent years to create robust party infrastructure.
if the brand modi lifted the strength of the bjp by several notches, the rss and team amit shah had been working on the ground tirelessly for the past four years to build a formidable social base for the saffron outfit.
the rss leader sunil bansal loaned to the bjp spearheaded the social engineering around the upper caste and non-yadav obcs to give the winning combination to the saffron outfit.
the same model was replicated in uttarakhand by shiv prakash, who has also been loaned to the bjp from the rss.
the team of rss leader turned bjp national general secretary ram madhav has been spearheading the saffron penetration in the north-east, which again gave dividends to the bjp in manipur.
while the bihar and delhi state poll verdicts had apparently instilled doubts within the ranks of the bjp about the intensity of the modi wave, up and uttarakhand results are being seen within the party as affirmation that the prime minister is only becoming more popular.
the bjp now has strong ownership of the pro-poor constituency, which indira gandhi had cultivated during early 1980s, added a bjp leader.
mumbai: the government has saved rs 36,000 crore in subsidies and benefits provided to the poor, during the last one year by plugging leakages through jan dhan-aadhar-mobile trinity, commonly known as jam, said union minister ravishankarprasad prasad on monday.
we linked their (jan dhan) account with their aadhar, mobile number and bank.
by giving them all the pro-poor subsidies and benefits we have saved rs 36,000 crore in the last one year because of application of digital technologies, prasad said addressing the inauguration of india international trade fair in new delhi.
observing that the government wishes to bridge the digital divide, prasad said, india is very soon going to have 50 crore internet landline and wireless connections.
he further said, the government plans to connect 2,50,000 gram panchayats of india through optical fibre network.
we are also going with a mass digital literacy programme of making 6 crore indians digitally literate, he said.
by ptinew delhi: lok sabha friday passed a bill to amend the aadhaar act and two related laws which will allow individuals to offer voluntarily biometric id as a means of identity verification for obtaining services such as opening bank account and procuring mobile phone connection.
the aadhaar and other laws (amendment) bill proposes changes in the aadhaar act, indian telegraph act and the prevention of money laundering act to comply with a supreme court judgement pronounced on september 26 last year, in which it upheld the constitutional validity of unique identification project with certain restrictions and changes.
also read | govt introduces aadhaar amendment bill in lok sabhathe compulsory use of aadhaar-based kyc for mobile connections and bank accounts was prohibited by the apex court.
speaking on the bill, union electronics and it minister ravishankarprasad prasad said, aadhaar being a digital identity has removed the role of a middleman in a substantial measure whose basic role was cutting, fitting and setting.
in an emotive speech in the lower house of parliament, prasad displayed his aadhaar card and said, it doesn't tell about my caste, religion and medical condition.
it is safe and secured and is for india and indians.
what does my aadhaar number have?
it has my name, my patna address, and my father's name.
we are so open-minded that we are following everything court said.
the supreme court held section 57 unconstitutional, we did the same, prasad said.
the bill also gives a minor the option to opt out of the 12-digit identity scheme on attaining the age of 18 years.
it also provides for stiff penalties for violation of norms set for the use of aadhaar.
out of 130 crore people in the country as many as 123 crore people have reposed faith in aadhaar.
prime minister narendra modi strengthened it with aadhaar act.
we have issued a circular that nobody should be denied benefits for the want of aadhaar.
we have also said that nobody will be denied medical services for the want of aadhaar, prasad said.
he further said that through aadhaar, technology is being used to transform india, poor are feeling empowered and rs 90,000 crore has been saved.
prasad also informed the house if people don't want to show their aadhaar number, so, we gave them a provision of 12 digit number which masks there aadhaar number.
the aadhaar and other laws (amendment) bill 2018, moved by prasad in the lok sabha on wednesday, bans storing of core biometric information as well as aadhaar number by service providers in cases of individuals who have voluntarily offered the national id as a means of authentication.
it also makes it clear that anyone not offering aadhaar cannot be denied any service, be it a bank account or a sim card.
the bill seeks to amend the aadhaar (targeted delivery of financial and other subsidies, benefits and services) act, 2016, the indian telegraph act, 1885 and the prevention of money-laundering act, 2002.
the legislation proposes telecom service providers, apart from using aadhaar for authentication, can also leverage off-line verification, use of passport, or any other officially valid document or modes of identification as notified by the central government.
by express news servicenew delhi: the bjp on saturday hit out at the congress following the delhi high court verdict on the herald house case, asking how a rs 5,000-crore real asset could be converted into the personal property of the gandhi family.
the delhi high court has put a stamp of approval on the manner in which the public asset worth rs 5,000 crore has been misused by taking the route of a trust to transfer the property on rs 50 lakh as personal properties of one family.
the high court has substantiated the charges that the likes of sonia gandhi, rahul gandhi, and others in the family have misused the provisions to usurp a public asset for personal gains, said union minister ravishankarprasad prasad, while speaking to reporters at the bjp headquarters.
the minister wondered why the lease should continue when no newspaper was being published from herald house and it was being used only for rental gains.
there is a new business model of scams indulged in by the members of the gandhi family.
while the son-in-law of the gandhi family becomes owner of lands worth hundreds of crores by paying just a few lakhs, sonia-rahul gandhi have become owners of property worth thousands or crores by paying just a few lakh rupees, charged prasad.
the minister further alleged that the national herald case had shown the contradictory statements of congress leaders, besides their attempts to hide facts.
first, the gandhi family told the court following an income tax notice that publications seized in herald house in 2008 after laying off all the employees.
after the eviction notice, they say that the publishing has begun in the last few months.
its evident that the gandhi family wants to usurp the herald house property by any means even while physical inspection showed that there is no publishing activity taking place in the property, added prasad.
new delhi: attacking delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal for his remarks seeking proof of the anti-terror surgical strike in pok, bjp today asked him not to belittle the armed forces by getting influenced by pakistani propaganda.
at a press conference, union minister ravishankarprasad prasad said the aap leader should answer whether he believed in the indian army or not.
kejriwal should not belittle the great leadership, courage and sacrifice of armed forced under the garb of seeking proof, prasad said, and alleged that he has give the neighbouring country a chance to question the army's assertion.
it was most painful and unfortunate that the aap leader was in pakistani media headlines today as his remarks yesterday gave it a chance to question india army's claim, the bjp leader said, wondering why he was being swayed by pakistani propaganda.
the question being asked in a way raises question over the action of indian army.
i must say that.
if pakistani media is saying something, then why an india chief minister is being influenced and seeking proof.
arvind kejriwal, you are in the headlines of pakistani newspapers.
do you know it?
at a time when the whole nation is speaking in one voice, a chief minister has said something that has given pakistani media and people a chance to question india army action.
there cannot be more painful and unfortunate thing, he said.
politics is different but nothing should be said that demoralises our army and makes it feel humiliated, he said.
india has been successful in isolating pakistan politically and diplomatically but kejriwal is being guided by pakistani media reports, prasad said.
in a televised speech yesterday, kejriwal had saluted prime minister narendra modi for ordering the surgical strike but also referred to some international media reports and an un group observations, both of which appear to question its authenticity, as he asked the prime minister to unmask the pakistani propaganda.
prasad said the government does not take seriously reports of sponsored-media, apparently referring to pakistan army's decision to ferry reporters to the loc to bolster its claim that no surgical strike by the india army occurred there.
india, he said, had briefed ambassadors of many countries and they have taken note of the indian army's operation.
new delhi: congress today hit out at the modi government, accusing it of hatching a venal conspiracy of muckraking to slander, malign and defame the party over rs 50 lakh donation received by the rajiv gandhi charitable trust from controversial preacher zakir naik's ngo.
it said the money was returned when the facts came to light about the organization.
modi government is running its usual diabolical agenda to slander, malign and defame through goebbelsian lies meted out by home ministry in shape of mischievous and selective news plants.
to top this venal conspiracy of muckraking, modi government and bjp fielded union cabinet minister, ravishankarprasad prasad, party's chief spokesman randeep surjewala said in a statement.
he said what is utterly shocking is the fact that a union cabinet minister, who has sworn by the constitution, is asking questions about documents and facts, which are in possession of the government and are being leaked by them mischievously.
truth is that rajiv gandhi charitable trust (rgct) received a donation in conformity with law and norms and same was returned by the trust out of its volition in view of the controversy surrounding islamic research foundation/zakir naik.
, he said.
targeting the modi government, he said it must stop its web of vengeful deceit and lies.
despite the extremities of vindictive malintent, they will never be able to cloud the truth, surjewala said.
talking to reporters, party spokesman abhishek singhvi spoke on similar lines and targeted the government and bjp of sensationalizing matters without showing the least degree of responsibility.
former indian cricket team skipper ms dhoni's wife sakshi was not pleased with the personal information of her husband being put on display on twitter by csc e- governance, an agency that renders the service of aadhaar registration.
earlier in the day, information and broadcasting minister ravishankarprasad prasad tweeted out that aadhaar service has been delivered to legendary cricketer dhoni.
vle of @cscegov_ delivers #aadhaar service to @msdhoni.
legendary cricketer's #digital hook (shot).
pic.
twitter.com/xe62ta63an  ravishankarprasad prasad (@rsprasad) march 28, 2017csc e-governance in their official twitter page put a picture containing the application form of ms dhoni.
sakshi dhoni, who came across the tweet, immediately tweeted to ravishankarprasad prasad.
sakshi's tweet reads, is there any privacy left ?
information of aadhaar card including application is made public property.
disappointed.
i&b minister was confused about the whole situation replied stating, no it is not a public property.
does this tweet (the one he had tweeted) divulge any personal information?
to make things clear sakshi dhoni sent a screenshot of the photo put up by csc e- governance which consists of information of ms dhoni's aadhaar card information.
even ravishankarprasad prasad had re-tweeted csc e-governance without noticing it.
ravi shankar prasad immediately realised the gravity of the situation, and thanked her for bringing it to his notice.
he said, thanks for bringing this to my notice.
sharing personal information is illegal.
serious action will be taken against this.
by ptinew delhi: the government expressed hope friday that the triple talaq bill, which criminalises the practice of instant divorce by muslim men, will find support in the rajya sabha, whose approval is necessary for the bill to become law.
the contentious triple talaq bill was passed by the lok sabha for the second time in less than a year after a heated debate thursday.
i appreciate the maturity of the rajya sabha and also the sensitivity of the issue.
we believe that we will get support in the rajya sabha, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad told reporters during a cabinet briefing.
the bill should not be about political opposition as it talks about justice for woman victims of triple talaq, he said.
the passage of the bill in the upper house is likely to be a difficult task for the government as it lacks a majority there unlike in the lok sabha.
opposition parties, including the congress, and some regional parties such as the aiadmk, which has often supported the government in parliament, have already expressed their reservations against the bill.
prasad rejected arguments made by opposition parties against the muslim women (protection of rights on marriage) bill.
everybody said that triple talaq is wrong but they (opposition) also added that don't make it a criminal offence, he said, terming this a strange logic.
prasad noted when women file for divorce against their husbands, they at times also slap a case of cruelty which, he added, is a criminal case.
it was also said that this does not happen in other religions.
but the fact is that the practice of triple talaq is not in any other religion, he said.
the lok sabha thursday passed the bill with 245 voting in its favour and 11 opposing the legislation.
most opposition parties staged a walkout.
rajesh kumar thakur byexpress news servicepatna: patna's conjoined young twins-sabah and farah (23), exercised their electoral franchise for the first time in samanpura locality as two separate voters.
in 2015, the twins were inscribed on a single electorate identity card treating them as a single entity.
the twins are enrolled for voting in the digha assembly segment under the patna sahib lok sabha constituency.
each of them polled their votes and expressed happiness thereafter.
in the high profile parliamentary seat, congress candidate actor-turned-politician shatrughan sinha is pitted against union minister and bjp leader ravishankarprasad prasad.
by ptinew delhi: congress president rahul gandhi on tuesday accused prime minister narendra modi of treason and violating the official secrets act by acting as anil ambani's middleman in the rafale jet contract, citing an email to claim the businessman was aware of the deal days before india and france signed it.
bjp, however, rejected the charge, saying the email purportedly by an airbus executive referred to a helicopter deal and not rafale.
gandhi released to the media an email dated march 28, 2015, purportedly written by airbus executive nicolas chamussy to three recipients with the subject line ambani.
he claimed the email showed ambani visited then french defence minister jean-yves le drian's office and mentioned a mou in preparation and the intention to sign during the pm visit (to france).
the congress president asked how ambani knew about the deal and mentioned it in the french defence minister's office when even then foreign secretary s jaishankar and then defence minister manohar parrikar had no information on it.
also read: rajiv mehrishi never dealt with defence ministry proposals on rafale: finance ministrythis is a breach of the official secrets act.
the prime minister who is the only other person who knows about the deal has informed anil ambani about the deal.
the prime minister is acting as anil ambani's middleman, gandhi alleged and called for a criminal investigation into the matter.
the government and ambani have repeatedly denied all allegations related to the rafale deal.
according to gandhi, it was earlier an issue of corruption, of procedural inconsistencies but was now a matter related to the official secrets act which he said was much more serious'.
this is now treason, nothing less.
mr narendra modi is doing what spies do.
he is informing somebody of defence matters, he is under oath to protect these secrets.
he has now given this secret to mr anil ambani who knows that the biggest defence deal in the world is going to him 10 days before the deal.
this itself is criminal, this itself will put the prime minister in jail, the congress chief said.
rebutting gandhi's allegations, union minister ravishankarprasad prasad said his party had serious differences with former prime ministers, who came from the gandhi family, over several murky defence deals signed during their term but had never accused them of treason.
he (rahul gandhi) has thrown muck at his own face by abusing our honest prime minister.
we will expose his lies before the public, he said.
addressing a press conference, gandhi reiterated that there will no doubt in anybody's mind that the prime minister is a corrupt man and he has helped anil ambani, gandhi alleged.
he read out the email at the press conference, quoting it as saying that ambani visited the defence minister's office and told them he intends to work with ah (airbus helicopters) on commercial helos and then on defence.
mentioned (an) mou in preparation and the intention to sign during the pm visit.
this is literally handing over a defence secret.
the prime minister has compromised national security.
he has done what a spy does.
he has given defence information to a person who is not supposed to have it, gandhi alleged.
why don't you allow a jpc.
you can investigate us as much as you want, he said in response to a question.
the congress president also rejected the comptroller and auditor general report on the rafale deal, and dubbed it chowkidar auditor general report.
udupi: union law and information technology minister ravishankarprasad prasad on tuesday said that the centre would fully support the state, if it introduces a legislation to legalise kambala, a buffalo-racing sport banned in karnataka.
responding to questions from the media, he said that the narendra modi government respected the local tradition, culture and the diversity of india, be it in tamil nadu or in karnataka.
''if the government of karnataka undertakes any legislation like ordinance or a bill and if it comes to us, then we will fully support the cause'' he said.
all these cultures are part of our land, he added.
he said that the union government's view on the triple talaq issue is based on the principles of assuring gender justice, gender dignity and gender equality and same was what was explained in the affidavit submitted to the supreme court by the union government.
he was speaking to reporters on the sidelines of his visit to sri krishna mutt here on wednesday.
the minister speaking further said that the constitution of india respects the right of women' dignity and triple talaq in that way is unconstitutional.
kambala is a traditional sport, mainly held in rural karnataka between two pairs of buffaloes controlled by their farmer in wet rice fields filled with slush and mud.
the victory of jallikattu in tamil nadu has now brought back with great fervour the demand for the sport, which was banned in november 2014 in karnataka.
by ptinew delhi: digital transactions in the country surpassed the target set by the government, clocking a total volume of 3,133.
58 crore in 2018-19 and is showing a positive trend for the current financial year, parliament was informed on wednesday.
fy data for 2018-19 shows that the government surpassed the target set for digital payments and data for 2019-20 also shows a positive trend, electronics and information technology minister ravishankarprasad prasad said in a written reply to the lok sabha.
he added that the target for digital transactions for 2018-19 was set at 3,013 crore, and the total digital transactions registered were 3,133.
58 crore.
the minister said 313.
05 crore digital transactions were registered till april 30, 2019, and the government has set a target of over 4,000 crore digital transactions in the ongoing financial year.
prasad said the reserve bank of india has undertaken an exercise of benchmarking india's payment systems vis--vis those in comparable asian economies and brics nations.
the analysis was attempted under 41 indicators covering 21 broad areas including regulation, oversight, payment systems, government payments, customer protection and grievance redressal, among others.
the study found that india has a strong regulatory system and robust large value and retail payment systems which have contributed to the rapid growth in the volume of transactions in these payment systems, he said.
there has been substantial growth in e-payments by the government and also in digital infrastructure in terms of mobile networks, prasad added.
the minister said there has been a significant increase in the use of digital payments in the country since demonetisation.
total digital transactions grew 104.
38 per cent from 1,013 crore (fy17) to 2,070.
39 crore (fy18), and by another 51.
35 per cent to 3,133.
58 crore in fy19, he added.
by ptinew delhi: state-owned telecom firm bsnl's loss is estimated to be around rs 14,000 crore with a decline in revenue to rs 19,308 crore during 2018-19, parliament was informed on wednesday.
the public sector firm's provisional loss was rs 4,859 crore in 2015-16, rs 4,793 crore in 2016-17, rs 7,993 crore in 2017-18 and is estimated to widen to rs 14,202 crore in 2018-19, telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad said in a written reply to the lok sabha.
low tariffs due to fierce competition in the mobile segment, high staff cost and absence of 4g services (except in few places) in the data-centric telecom market are the main reasons for losses of bsnl, prasad said.
in line with the sector, bsnl has also seen a dip in its revenue after the entry of reliance jio in the market in 2016.
the company's revenue is pegged at around rs 19,308 crore for 2018-19, compared with rs 25,071 crore in 2017-18 and rs 31,533 crore in 2016-17.
in 2018-19, salary expenditure accounted for 75 per cent of the firm's total revenue at rs 14,488 crore, according to the data shared by prasad.
new delhi: in a move to tackle the rising pendency of cases, the government and judiciary have agreed to invoke an extraordinary provision of the constitution to appoint retired judges with a proven track record to high courts across the country.
as per the minutes of the meeting held between chief ministers and chief justices in april, which was approved after a long gap of nearly six months, it has been resolved that provisions of the article 224a can be invoked to deal with extraordinary situation involving the large pendency in civil and criminal cases in high courts.
the appointments would be subject to integrity, suitability and performance of the person.
as per the provision, the chief justice of a high court, with the previous consent of the president, can request any person who has held the office of a judge of that court or any other high court to act as a judge of the high court for that state.
when the conference was held in april, d v sadananda gowda was the law minister and he kept the matter pending due to disagreement over certain points.
the issue was then brought to the knowledge of the current minister ravishankarprasad prasad who cleared the matter a few days ago.
new delhi: commanding 111 crore enumerations, the aadhaar card service is now catching the fancy of global corporate biggies.
while some domestic telecom companies have already shifted to the aadhaar-based verification, the government claims that a number of us majors also want to use the unique identification platform for their indian operations.
chief executive of microsoft satya nadella has informed the government that the skype platform would be completely banking on aadhaar for user verification in india, sources close to the union minister for information and technology ravishankarprasad prasad told express.
with the union cabinet having recently approved the scheme for promotion of digital villages, the government is keen to rope in top global it giants.
nadella explained one of the initiatives by the company in villages in maharashtra to the it minister.
they have been leveraging aadhaar to link educational and health initiatives which has been a success, added sources.
nadella has also informed the minister that its social networking platform, linkedin, would bring employees and employers together on the platform while using aadhaar number to verify credentials of the job-seekers.
however, privacy activists are skeptical about the potential fallouts of corporate companies tapping into the database.
we have a robust law in place to protect the privacy of the aadhaar subscribers and the data could only be used for the intended purposes.
if there is any violation, it will amount to a criminal breach liable with jail term for the offender.
the centre will swiftly and strictly punish those who violate the secrecy clause of the aadhar act, claimed sources.
the government, however, is enthusiastic about the response of global biggies to the power and appeal of aadhaar.
in the recent times, senior ministers in the modi government have held a number of interactions with the chiefs of the global corporate giants.
prime minister narendra modi has also asked the ministers to impress upon the global corporate giants to look at india as a huge databank, which could offer great business opportunity to them, sources added.
aadhaar has emerged as the principal tool of the modi government in disbursing welfare schemes.
the centre does direct benefit transfer to the tune of rs 55,000 crore through the aadhar platform.
bhubaneswar: laying out the bjps road map for the future, the partys national president amit shah outlined a 95-day programme to connect with party workers at the voting booth level across the country.
i will be meeting booth workers across the country in 95 days, which will take me to kerala and even the andaman and nicobar islands, he was quoted as saying at the bjp national executive meeting here.
even ministers would have to go the booths.
he asserted that even if all the opposition parties had come together for the uttar pradesh assembly elections, the bjp would still have bested them.
political analysts had claimed that the bjp winning 73 out of 80 lok sabha seats in the 2014 elections was a one-off affair.
but by winning 325 out of 403 assembly seats, the bjp has not only rejected the analysis of the pundits but also redefined the explanation of a big victory, union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad quoted shah as saying.
coming heavily down on navin patnaiks led biju janata dal [bjd] government in odisha, shah claimed that 42 per cent of the population of the state are below the poverty line, enduring poor health indices.
he claimed that 41 per cent of the habitations in the rural areas of the state still don't have electricity, while 12 percent are deprived of the potable drinking water facilities.
the garib kalyan agenda of the modi government has to be delivered to the people of odisha for which the party has to win the 2019 state elections, shah said, making a case for expansion of the party into the east.
in a clear indication that the bjp will go after the states being ruled by regional outfits, shah asserted that the party has convincingly trounced the congress and it's time to go after other rivals.
the victory in up was proof that the bjp can wrest power from regional parties in states.
the bjp has defeated political rivals headed by dynasties, besides the politics of appeasement.
the politics of performance will now be victorious, shah added.
by ptinew delhi: a united opposition in the lok sabha thursday pitched for referring the triple talaq bill to a 'joint select committee' of parliament, claiming its provisions were unconstitutional and that there was a need for a greater scrutiny of the draft law.
as soon as the house met at 2 pm after an adjournment to take up the muslim women (protection of rights on marriage) bill, congress leader in the lok sabha, mallikarjun kharge, demanded it be referred to a joint select committee of both houses for greater scrutiny.
he said several provisions of the bill were unconstitutional.
aiadmk leader p venugopal, tmc's sudip bandhopadhyay, aimim's assaduddin owaisi and supriya sule (ncp) also made similar demands.
speaker sumitra mahajan said a similar bill was discussed and passed by the lok sabha and therefore members can flag issues during the debate.
she said all of a sudden a demand cannot be made to send it to a committee.
speaking in the house before moving the resolution, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said the triple talaq bill, which seeks imprisonment for muslim men accused of instant divorce, is not about politics but empowerment and justice for women.
responding to the demand of opposition parties, including the congress and the trinamool congress, that the bill is sent to a select committee for study, prasad said the government has already taken note of concerns expressed by members earlier and amended the bill accordingly.
prasad told the lok sabha that the bill has made the offence compoundable, meaning that the case can be withdrawn if the man and his estranged wife reach a compromise and that only the wife and her close relatives can file an fir, ruling out the law's misuse.
don't weigh the bill on the scales of politics.
this bill is not about any specific religion and community.
the bill is about humanity and justice, he said, urging lawmakers of different parties to speak in one voice to support the legislation.
he said as many as 477 cases of triple talaq have been reported since january 2017 and cited a case where a professor gave talaq to his wife over whatsapp.
whereas another muslim man gave talaq to his wife for attending the prime minister narendra modi's rally, the union law minister said, urging if the house unitedly can pass a bill for capital punishment for alleged rape with girls below the age of 12 years, then why not this legislation.
moving his statutory resolution opposing an ordinance issued earlier (which the bill seeks to replace), n k premchandran (revolutionary socialist party) said the bill is bad in law as it seeks to criminalise a civil wrong and hence it should be referred to a select committee.
opposing the triple talaq bill in its current form, congress mp sushmita dev thursday said in the real purpose of the bill was not to empower muslim women but to penalise muslim men.
demanding that the bill be referred to the joint select committee of parliament, dev said criminalisation of triple talaq goes against the supreme court verdict.
in the name of empowerment you (the government) have given nothing but a criminal case to women the aim of the bill is not to empower muslim women but to penalise muslim men, she said.
the fresh bill to make the practice of triple talaq among muslims a penal offence was introduced in the lok sabha on december 17 to replace an ordinance issued in september.
under the proposed law, giving instant triple talaq will be illegal and void, and will attract a jail term of three years for the husband.
the fresh bill will supersede an earlier bill passed in the lok sabha and pending in the rajya sabha.
the earlier bill was approved by the lower house.
but amid opposition by some parties in the upper house, the government had then cleared some amendments, including introduction of a provision of bail, to make it more acceptable.
however, as the bill continued to face resistance in the rajya sabha, the government issued an ordinance in september, incorporating the amendments.
an ordinance has a life of six months.
but from the day a session begins, it has to be replaced by a bill which should be passed by parliament within 42 days (six weeks), else it lapses.
the government is at liberty to re-promulgate the ordinance if the bill fails to get through parliament.
citing details of instant triple talaq cases, the government had last week informed the lok sabha that till now 430 incidents of triple talaq have come to the notice of the government through the media.
of these, 229 were reported before the supreme court declared triple talaq as unconstitutional, while another 201 came to the notice after it.
these cases were reported between the period january 2017 and september 13, 2018.
four hours have been allocated to discuss the bill.
new delhi: prime minister narendra modi is all set to reach out to citizens through his first-ever 'townhall' style event on august 6.
a new pmo app to enable mobile users to connect with the indian prime minister's website will also be launched at the mega event, which is being organised by mygov - the government's citizen engagement platform - to mark its second anniversary.
the townhall to be held at the indira gandhi stadium complex in new delhi will be preceded by a series of panel discussions and sessions in keeping with the 'do, discuss and disseminate' theme of mygov and will culminate in the first ever townhall address by the prime minister.
the prime minister will talk about the concept of citizen engagement, mygov, the response to this participative governance initiative and how he sees the platform evolving, mygov chief executive officer (ceo) gaurav dwivedi said.
he said a process is already on to short-list those who will get to interact with modi.
they would be selected from among the regular users of mygov, based on their ideas, level of engagement, questions and suggestions, he added.
the townhall address will also see launch of new mygov initiatives and distribution of awards to winners of mygov contests - ek bharat shrestha bharat, duties of a citizen, governance quiz and india africa quiz.
the event is expected to see participation of various ministers and senior government officials, which will be inaugurated by it minister ravishankarprasad prasad and will have four sessions.
the first session 'do' will cover contests on design innovation, egreetings as also volunteering, poll and survey functionalities of mygov while the second one 'discuss' will see officials and mygov contributors in an interactive discussion on brainstorming ideas and sharing experiences.
the third session will invite fresh ideas for improving user experience, introducing new features for the platform and the panel for this includes social media representatives, mygov users, members of parliament who have contributed to mygov, and senior officials of the ministry of electronics and it, and nic.
the fourth session will cover the 'disseminate' theme and focus on #transformingindia website, esampark portal and mygov live events as the channel of government communication with citizens.
manish anand & richa sharma byexpress news servicenew delhi: turning the jammu & kashmir narrative on its head, the narendra modi government on monday took away the special status accorded to the state, which, it said, was the root cause of all ills including terrorism.
rescinding the provisions of article 370 will also mark the end of j&ks seven decades of detachment from the rest of the country.
with the lok sabha also set to pass the resolution on tuesday night, all central laws will come in force in jammu and kashmir as well.
after days of speculation triggered by the unprecedented security mobilisation in the state, the union cabinet met on monday morning at 7, lok kalyan marg  the residence of the prime minister  to approve a parliamentary resolution to adopt a presidential order on article 370.
it was also decided to move a state reorganisation bill to carve two union territories out of j&k  jammu and kashmir with an assembly and ladakh without a legislature.
the cabinet meeting was preceded by two key meetings.
first, union minister for law and justice ravishankarprasad prasad briefed home minister amit shah on the legal aspects of the decisions.
thereafter, shah went into a huddle with prime minister narendra modi for about an hour to give final shape to the plan.
with the script in place, union ministers rajnath singh, s jaishankar and nirmala sitharaman were called for a brief meeting of the cabinet committee on security.
parliamentary action then began in the rajya sabha with shah spelling out the finer points of the big legislative move, which invited instant emotional outbursts from leader of the opposition ghulam nabi azad.
after realisation dawned on what it was all about, non-nda parties decided to take part in a short duration discussion, with the likes of the bsp, tdp, ysr congress, bjd, and aap supporting the move.
bjp mp swapan dasgupta, sources said, was instructed to seek clarifications from shah on the constitutional validity and longevity of the union territory status for j&k.
shah, in his reply, clarified: theres absolutely no question on the constitutional validity of the resolution abrogating article 370.
the government will consider restoring the statehood to j&k, but that would be incumbent upon total purge of militancy.
former home minister and senior congress leader p chidambaram made a forceful intervention during the discussion, calling the government actions a monumental blunder.
dont commit the cardinal sin of dismembering the state.
you have made a legal error and you will discover that in due time, chidambaram said.
shah singled out chidambaram in his combative defence of the big moves, while squarely blaming article 370 for all the problems of j&k  militancy, corruption, unemployment and political monopoly.
right to education is not applicable in j&k.
hospital infrastructure couldnt come up due to article 370.
despite much higher per capita fund flow in the state, there is no development in the state, the home minister pointed out.
explaining why it makes sense to do away with article 370, shah said, because of article 370, democracy has never percolated in jammu and kashmir, corruption grew to its peak and poverty increased in the area.
there are people of different religions in the valley and we are not politicising on the basis of religion.
the people of jammu and kashmir want democracy and if you see clearly, you will know how much article 370 has harmed j&k.
shah highlighted that political reservation for obcs and dalits could not be implemented in j&k because of its special status.
also, no hospitals could be set up there owing to the rule prohibiting purchase of land by outsiders.
that was also the reason why no industry could be set up, leading to unemployment, he explained.
what have articles 370 and 35(a) given other than death and destruction?
he asked.
he mocked that those who are saying there will be bloodshed in kashmir have sent their children to london and other countries to study.
i want to assure them when the situation gets normal and the right time comes, we are ready to make jammu and kashmir a state again.
it may take a little longer, but it will become a state once again, one day, he added.
later, the rajya sabha adopted the reorganisation bill with 125 ayes and 61 noes, with the congress, dmk, tmc and left opposing, and jd(u) staging a walkout.
by ptinew delhi: the choice for voters in the lok sabha polls will be between 'stability' and 'instability' with an honest and courageous leader in prime minister narendra modi challenged by an opportunist alliance whose leader is unknown, says the bjp political resolution passed saturday.
the resolution, which was passed at the party's national convention held here, noted that party workers should draw the right lessons from the recent results of state assembly elections.
briefing reporters about the resolution, union minister ravishankarprasad prasad said the only glue binding the likely alliance of opposition parties was their hatred for modi.
also read: pm modi mocks anti-bjp alliance, says opposition wants helpless government to promote corruptionthe resolution speaks of instability that the opposition alliance may usher at the centre if it is elected to power, he said referring to short tenures of prime ministers, from four months to a year, in the 1990s, such as that of chandra shekhar, h d deve gowda and i k gujral.
the country has to decide where it has to go, prasad said, adding the modi government had ushered in stability, development and growth with india now seen as an emerging global power and the prime minister as a global leader.
the resolution also said people have to chose between stability and instability.
choice is between stability or instability, between an honest and courageous leader, and a leaderless opportunistic alliance, 'majboot' (strong) government or a 'majboor' (helpless) government, the party said in the document.
also read: don't lose hope by results in three states, lok sabha polls very important: amit shah tells bjp workerson the outcome of the assembly polls in chhattisgarh, rajasthan and madhya pradesh, the political resolution said the party saw the same with a mixed feeling, and that the national council compliments the hard work of party workers in each state.
all the bjp state governments have given exemplary record of development and good governance.
we shall surely draw the right lessons, but surely this will serve as an inspiration for the party workers and cadres to work with renewed vigour in the lok saha elections, the resolution said.
describing the 'mahagathbandhan' (opposition alliance) as a comical alliance, the saffron party said it was a grand alliance of desperate, contradictory and opportunistic political formations which were being raised to take on the prime minister, bjp and nda.
they neither have any agenda for india and its people nor any leader.
the only glue is the hatred against narendra modi.
this in many ways also exposes the limitations of the constituents of this opportunistic alliance, the resolution stated.
exuding confidence that the people of the country will re-elect prime minister narendra modi, the bharatiya janata party (bjp) appealed the voters, especially the first timers, to participate in the coming elections with full enthusiasm and support the vision of the prime minister to make india a great country.
udupi: union law and information technology minister ravishankarprasad prasad said the centres view on the triple talaq issue is based on the principles of assuring gender justice, dignity and equality and it was explained in the affidavit submitted to the supreme court by the government.
he was speaking to reporters on the sidelines of his visit to sri krishna mutt here on wednesday.
we respect the freedom of religious sentiments, provided they are constitutional.
moreover, in 20 islamic countries, triple talaq has been regulated, including in pakistan.
if islamic countries can regulate the practice of triple talaq, how can such an argument be made in india as it is a secular country?
he asked.
to a query on restarting kambala in coastal districts in the backdrop of successful battle in tamil nadu to restart jallikattu, the minister said the narendra modi government respects local traditions, culture and the diversity of india, be it in tamil nadu or in karnataka.
if the government of karnataka undertakes any legislative move, like ordinance or formation of law, and if it comes to us, then we will fully support the cause, he said.
all these cultures are part of our land, he said.
new delhi: the longest-ever independence day speech of prime minister narendra modi from the ramparts of the red fort on monday came under severe criticism from not only the opposition but also chief justice of india t s thakur, who expressed disappointment over the delay in judicial appointments.
speaking at an independence day event organised by the supreme court bar association, thakur used a urdu couplet to send the message to the government as well as law minister ravishankarprasad prasad, present on the occasion.
gul fenke auron par, samar bhi, e abr-e-karam, e-behr-e-sakha, kuch to idhar bhi (you gave fruits and flowers to others, but o cloud of beneficence, wave of friendship, do bestow something on us too).
i was hoping he (modi) will speak about issues plaguing the justice delivery system.
however, he did not.
i request the government to pay attention to our judiciary, especially appointment of judges, the cji said.
you may make roads, schools, hospitals but please also do say something about justice delivery to people.
you have something to say on every sector and also have promises.
throw something at us too, cji said, adding, i have reached the peak of my career and from here i have nowhere to go.
so i will not hesitate to say anything.
cji thakurs remarks come days after he threatened to pass orders if the centre didnt clear the logjam on judges appointments soon.
the cjis remarks came after prasad assured that the government was committed to the cause of judicial independence and said, our government is led by ministers who fought against the emergency.
it feels that effective judicial delivery is integral to good governance and appointment is part of it.
he affirmed that the government was committed to the cause of judicial independence and very soon a memorandum of procedure will be finalised after harmonious consultation with the collegium.
i want to clarify that regardless of that, judicial appointments are going on.
the government and the collegium have to work in harmony.
i know the problems.
.
we will work together, prasad said.
but the cji appeared unimpressed, saying if the government remained stubborn, so would the judiciary.
during the british era, a verdict in a case used to come out in 10 years.
today, even 100 years are not enough due to lack of numbers of judges, the cji said.
raipur: the union ministry of electronics and information technology and the director general, national information centre selected the 'citizen cop', an app devised by chhattisgarh police, as the best user-friendly mobile application.
the smart policing and comprehensive app covering the five districts of raipur zone was launched by the chhattisgarh chief minister dr raman singh in september 2015.
it meets all the security needs of the citizens who can conveniently access the police services through it and read the status reports of their complaints.
with this app the citizen is relieved from unnecessary hassles of visiting the police station and it enables them to report the incident or crime instantly.
the inspector general of police g p singh who pioneered the concept, will be receiving the award from the union minister for electronic and information technology ravishankarprasad prasad at vigyan bhawan in new delhi on december 19.
the app has enabled the police to establish a relationship of trust and gained confidence of the citizens, singh claimed.
the multipurpose features of the mobile app, which has received ficcis special jury award in may this year, have added distinct functions when compared to similar apps operating in other metro cities of the country.
for instance, a family or a group of four can create a geo-fencing through flagging the geographical limits (points) on the google map as safe zone.
it enables the device to send sms alerts to contacts already configured (group of four) if the fenced boundary is traversed by any of the four.
for example, the parents will get an alert on their mobile through citizen cop the moment their child crosses the fenced limits flagged by them.
one can easily access the detail of any vehicle (suspected or otherwise) through the registration number search.
fare calculation (auto/taxi) on the given route by entering the source and destination points.
residents can search their vehicle in case it has been towed by traffic police.
the mobile phone numbers of the police officers from inspector general to the station house officer of the corresponding police station are also made available for any emergency services.
the numbers of administrative officials of concerned districts also provided there.
the app features options to create one's own close group in the app, where one can keep track of group members' location, besides latest news update at hand about police department/traffic.
additionally, it has features to report an incident or to report about a lost article.
on december 2, nearly a dozen people who lost their mobile phones received the phones back after they lodged their complaint on citizen cop.
previous month, four teenage girls were timely rescued along with the three others from getting lured by swindlers into becoming actresses and models in mumbai.
by ptinew delhi: lok sabha on thursday took up for consideration the contentious bill to make the practice of instant triple talaq illegal with up to three years in jail for the husband.
moving the bill for consideration, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said the legislation was a must for gender equality and justice as despite an august 2017 supreme court verdict striking down the practice of instant triple talaq, women are being divorced by 'talaq-e-biddat'.
he said, since january 2017, as many as 574 triple talaq cases and since the supreme court order, more than 300 such cases were reported by the media.
under these circumstances, what should we do?
should we allow muslim women to be continued to be exploited, he said.
the law minister said 20 muslim countries in the world, including pakistan and malaysia, have banned the triple talaq.
why can't a secular india do it?
he asked.
prasad said there were three different judgements of the five-judge bench of the court and in one of the judgements, the court said triple talaq is part of the 'shariah' and a law should be enacted to end the practice.
the core philosophy of our constitution is gender justice, irrespective of religion.
we want to give honour and justice to the women, he said.
the law minister asked the mps not to see the proposed legislation through the prism of politics or religion.
read here | modi government will make same mistake as rajiv gandhi if triple talaq not criminalised, says arif mohammad khanprasad said to allay fears that the proposed law could be misused, three new provisions have been incorporated in the bill, which are: only a close relative of the victim can file a case, there is an option of compromise and a magistrate can give bail to the accused after hearing the victim.
opposing the bill, rsp member n k premachandra said the bill has been brought with an ulterior political motive to target the muslim community and specific political agenda of the bjp.
you are bringing the bill on the basis of the minority judgement of the court.
if you have so much of concern, why don't you bring a legislation to end the incidents of mob lynching.
what is your stand on sarbarimala temple, he asked.
premachandran said the ordinance on the subject was a fraud on the constitution as a civil matter is being converted into a criminal matter.
how can a jailed husband give compensation to the wife, he said.
he also said there is no provision of imprisonment for divorce in hindu and christian communities.
this is not a move to protect muslim women but to harass muslim husbands, he said.
three ordinances have so been promulgated as a similar bill moved by the previous government could not get parliamentary nod.
a fresh bill was introduced by the new government in june during the ongoing parliament session.
under the muslim women (protection of rights on marriage) bill, 2019, divorcing through instant triple talaq will be illegal, void and would attract a jail term of three years for the husband.
union minister for finance and corporate affairs arun jaitley with minister for electronics information technology and law justice ravishankarprasad prasad and vice chairman niti aayog arvind panagariya at the launching ceremony of the digidhan mela.
| ptinew delhi: in a bid to calm the jangled nerves of stock market players, finance minister arun jaitley on sunday clarified that there is no move to impose long-term capital gains tax on share transactions, an issue investors are hugely touchy about.
the statement came a day after prime minister narendra modi reportedly dropped a hint on increasing taxes on capital markets and the need for all sections, including market players, to contribute to the national exchequer.
on saturday, the prime minister had said those who profit from financial markets must make a fair contribution to nation-building through taxes.
.
.
we should consider methods for increasing it in a fair, and transparent way.
jaitley went on to blame some sections of the media for misinterpreting prime minister narendra modis speech.
he said such an interpretation was absolutely erroneous,, adding that the prime minister had made no such statement directly or indirectly.
.
.
and therefore i wish to absolutely clarify that there is no occasion or opportunity for anybody to reach such a conclusion because this is not what the prime minister said, nor is the intention of the government as has been reported.
currently, long-term capital gains on the sale of listed securities are exempt from taxes.
these are profits on sale of shares on a stock exchange platform after a holding period of one year or more.
.
.
.
now it is time to re-think and come up with a good design which is simple and transparent, but also fair and progressive, modi had said, adding that for various reasons, contribution of tax from those who make money on the markets has been low due to illegal activities and frauds or due to the structure of our tax laws that offer low or zero tax rate on certain types of financial income.
profit gained from share transaction in less than one year is called short-term capital gains, which are taxed at a flat rate of 15 per cent at present.
at the same time, all stock market transactions attract securities transaction tax (stt) in a range between 0.
017 per cent and 0.
125 per cent.
by ptinew delhi: some familiar faces, who were not part of the previous lok sabha, returned to the house taking oath as new members on monday.
these include former uttar pradesh chief minister akhilesh yadav, dmk's top guns dayanidhi maran, a raja and t r balu, senior congress leader from goa francisco sardinha and former union minister manish tewari.
union ministers amit shah, ravishankarprasad prasad, smriti irani and dmk leader kanizmohi, who were members of rajya sabha, became lok sabha members for the first time and attended the session on the opening day.
union ministers ram vilas paswan and s jaishankar, who are not members of either house, were also present in the house while akhilesh was seen sitting in one of the last rows, his father mulayam singh was seated in the first row.
read here | jai shri ram chants echo in parliament as bjp's bengal mps take oathncp leader supriya sule, who was also a rajya sabha member till 2014, was seen giving a hug to kanizmohi.
before the house met for the day, prime minister narendra modi was seen greeting senior opposition leaders upa chairperson sonia gandhi and mulayam singh yadav, tmc leaders sudip bandyopadhyay and kalyan banerjee besides maran and others.
sule was also seen introducing two other ncp mps to some of the union ministers besides congress leader sonia gandhi, national conference leader farooq abdullah and others.
by express news servicenew delhi: in what may come as a relief to the loss-making public sector telecom company bsnl, the central government on wednesday said that the institute of management, ahmedabad, and private consulting firm deloitte have been engaged to prepare a revival/restructuring plan for bsnl and mtnl.
on steps taken to improve bsnls position, union telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad spoke about upgrading infrastructure, which includes the introduction of 4g services.
pursuant to their (iim and deloitte) recommendations and approval of respective boards, a comprehensive revival plan for bsnl and mtnl is under preparation, prasad said in a written reply in the lok sabha.
also read| bsnl and mtnl staff in desperate straitsthe financial health of the two psus have worsened so much in last few years that bsnl doesnt have enough funds to clear the monthly salaries of its employees.
many have blamed the government for the crises at the psus.
prasad said stiff competition in mobile segment, high employee cost and absence of 4g services (except in few places for bsnl) are eroding the competitive strength of bsnl and mtnl.
by ptinew delhi: bjp mp udit raj wednesday demanded the setting up of the all india judicial service to ensure adequate representation of the scheduled castes (sc) and scheduled tribes (st) in the judiciary.
raj, who belongs to the dalit community, said he supported union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad's proposal advocating reservation for scs and sts in the judiciary, through the judicial service to help people from the deprived sections.
representation of scheduled castes, tribes and minorities in the judiciary is necessary.
law minister's statement in this context is highly relevant, the lawmaker, who is also the president of the all india confederation of sc/st organisations said at a press conference.
the provision of such a service is there in the constitution but it has not been implemented so far, he added.
the bharatiya janata party (bjp) mp representing delhi's northwest constituency also expressed concern that some advocates were charging exorbitant fee due to their face value which was restricting poor people's access to higher courts.
anand s t das byexpress news servicepatna: bihar chief minister nitish kumar and leaders of his party jd(u) stayed off celebrations of international yoga day organised by the state government departments on thursday while leaders of other parties in the ruling nda - bjp, ljp and rlsp - attended the events.
the main event of the day, organised at pataliputra sports complex in patna, was attended by governor satya pal malik, deputy chief minister sushil kumar modi and several state and union ministers, including ravishankarprasad prasad and ram kripal yadav, from bjp.
leaders of jd(u), the main ruliy in bihar, were conspicuous by their absence.
this is the fourth consecutive international yoga day celebrations that nitish kumar, who is also jd(u) national president, and his party colleagues shunned in an apparent snub to ally bjp.
relations between the two parties, who realigned in july last year after a three-year break, are going through a crisis in recent months.
even though the mass yoga session at pataliputra sports complex was organisthe state health department, headed by bjp leader mangal pandey, in association with the state art, culture and youth affairs department, jd(u) leaders said they had no idea about the government's participation in the event.
people have also been practising yoga in their homes.
what is the need to do it (yoga) in public?
anyone's participation or absence (in public events) should not be an issue.
yoga has been a part of india's culture, and the pm's appeal is also appreciable.
however, yoga can be practiced anywhere, said jd(u) state chief bashishtha narayan singh when asked about nitish kumar and senior jd(u) leaders skipping the yoga events.
last year, when jd(u) was a part of the grand alliance that included rjd and congress, the state government had celebrated the day as world music day, which coincides with international yoga day.
nitish kumar had termed the yoga day celebrations as a publicity stunt last year and said he also practiced yoga, but never advertised it.
but this year, with jd(u) and bjp being allies and the state government departments organising the yoga day events, it was widely expected that nitish kumar and jd(u) leaders would attend the events.
deputy cm sushil kumar modi, however, said dozens of people from jd(unded the yoga day celebrations.
do not people from rjd and jd(u) practise yoga?
it is not necessary that everyone comes out to participate, he said, explaining away the absence of nitish kumar and other jd(u) leaders in the events.
bihar's political corridors were abuzz with speculation that jd(u) deliberately shunned the international yoga day celebrations to accentuate its distance with bjp.
the opposition rjd and congress leaders dubbed jd(u)'s stance as evidence of bitterness between the two top nda allies.
what more can be on display than this to prove that there are severe tensions between jd(u) and bjp?
this was not un expected at all, said bihar congress chief kaukab quadri.
new delhi: the usd 208 million jet deal with brazilian aircraft maker embraer during the upa regime has kicked up dust with us authorities going into alleged payment of kickbacks while india has sought information from the company within 15 days.
after defence research and development organisation (drdo) receives information, further steps may be initiated, the defence ministry said today after reports emerged that the 2008 deal has come under the scanner of the us justice department which has been probing embraer for alleged payment of bribes to secure contracts.
also read: upa's usd 208mn embraer deal under scanner for alleged corruptiondrdo has sought information from manufacture of embraer aircraft within 15 days on media reports on aircraft deal signed in 2008, defence ministry sources said.
on receipt of information by the drdo, further steps may be initiated, they said.
the deal was signed in 2008 between embraer and the drdo for three aircraft equipped with indigenous radars for aew&c (airborne early warning and control systems).
the bjp attacked the congress on the issue.
union minister ravishankarprasad prasad said they thought that the stories of congress corruption would be less heard since change of power in 2014.
however, every deal is giving signal of taint.
the past of upa always keeps on appearing with alarming regularity, he said at a press conference at the bjp office.
the company has been under investigation by the us justice department since 2010 when a contract with the dominican republic raised the americans' suspicions.
since then, the investigation has widened to examine business dealings with eight more countries.
investigations that have been opened by the government of the united states to establish whether embraer paid bribes in order to obtain contracts abroad have affected deals that the brazilian company closed with saudi arabia and india, brazilian newspaper folha de so paulo reported.
it is suspected that a leading indian middleman based in uk was roped in for the deal.
drdo chief s christopher, who headed the aew&s programme earlier, did not pick up calls or respond to messages.
embraer is cooperating with the investigations and announced in july that it was expecting to reach a deal soon with american authorities, the paper said.
the company has put usd 200 million aside to pay any eventual fines that come about as a result of the process.
the company has not released details regarding the state of the investigations, but three people who have been following the case have confirmed to folha that the deals concluded in saudi arabia and india are being examined, the paper reported.
in both cases, suspicions were underlined in may this year when an employee with more than 30 years at the company reached a plea-bargain agreement in investigations being conducted by the federal public prosecutor's office in brazil.
albert phillip close, manager of embraer's defence area, told prosecutor marcello miller that he had heard a former sales director who worked in europe admit to american investigators the payment of commissions to facilitate the sale of aircraft to the saudis.
in november of 2010, the company announced the delivery of two embraer 170 executive jets to the saudi arabian state-owned oil company aramco.
the amount of the deal was not announced at the time.
by express news servicenew delhi: after morning intrigue, defence minister rajnath singh, who was made a member of two key cabinet committees including security, will also chair the cabinet committee on parliamentary affairs and be a part of the all-important panel on political affairs, headed by prime minister narendra modi.
singhs name was conspicuously missing from the key committees when the names were announced earlier on thursday.
the cabinet committee on political affairs takes all important political decisions.
singh was made a member of the cabinet committee on economic affairs and the cabinet committee on security earlier.
he is now a part of six key panels.
also read | after 17 hours of sulk, defence minister rajnath singh now part of six cabinet committeeson wednesday, singh was also made a member of two new panels set up by the government  the cabinet committee on investment and growth and the cabinet committee on employment and skill development.
singh headed the cabinet committee on parliamentary affairs in the last government.
the panel takes all decisions pertaining to parliament matters.
the newly-constituted cabinet committee on political affairs comprises, besides singh, senior nda members such as amit shah, nitin gadkari, nirmala sitharaman, narendra tomar, ravishankarprasad prasad, harsh vardhan, piyush goyal, pralhad joshi and allies ram vilas paswan, harsimrat kaur badal and arvind sawant.
other members of the parliamentary affairs panel are shah, sitharaman, tomar, prasad, paswan, thawar chand gehlot, environment minister prakash javadekar and joshi.
late entryin the list announced earlier on thursday, singhs name did not figure in the cabinet committees for political & parliamentary affairs.
by express news servicenew delhi: union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad on monday said constitutional morality must be defined with clarity and that it cannot change from judge to judge.
speaking at a function organised by the supreme court to celebrate constitution day, prasad said, we hear about constitutional morality, we appreciate innovations but nuances of constitutional morality should be outlined with clarity and should not differ from judge to judge and there must be a consensus.
echoing the similar sentiments, legal luminary fali s nariman said, the issue of sabarimala has become a very difficult problem.
ultimately, it is social structures which decide how far we are able to move and at what pace.
not mere law.
stressing the importance of collegiality amongst judges, he said it is lacking in india.
the difficulty is when supreme court judges sit in benches of three, five and seven.
but they dont sit and discuss as to what is to happen.
or that you write for the majority and you write for the minority.
while that happens everywhere in the world, it does not happen here.
they (supreme court judges) all come on the same day and pronounce the judgment.
nobody knows which judge has dissented (until then), nariman said while urging that supreme court judges address this problem.
renowned legal educationist prof dr n r madhava menon cited the example of germany where legislature and executive get enough time to implement court orders so that no unrest arises even in sensitive cases.
had the judges given enough time to the government to find ways to implement the sabarimala order, what is happening in kerala could have been avoided, menon observed.
chief justice of india ranjan gogoi said the constitution is not a document frozen in time and today is not an occasion to celebrate but to test constitutional promises.
prasad also said stressed governance is executives domain, adding the judiciary has to decide how far it needs to go.
by ptinew delhi: electronics and it minister ravishankarprasad prasad today met japan's minister of economy trade and industry hiroshige seko and discussed wide ranging issues including creation of start-up hub, cooperation in the field of cyber security and exchange of it professionals.
there is a great convergence between the two countries.
the minister has expressed a keen desire to work more into the field of cyber security.
as he rightly puts it, japan is the centre of hardware and india is the center of software how can we work together more and more, prasad said after the meeting.
during the talks, prasad called for a mutually complimentary relationship between two countries leveraging the hardware potential of japan and india's digital prowess.
the high level delegation dwelled on creation of a start-up hub in bengaluru to boost the start-up india scheme.
elaborating on the growing digital clout of india, prasad said that the country now represents a huge digital market.
the current digital ecosystem has seen 21 japanese companies investing over rs 3,800 crore in electronics manufacturing incentive scheme.
the japanese side assured about the creation of joint working groups for exchanges between it professionals, a source privy to the dvelopment said.
by express news servicenew delhi: the bjp took a potshot at the united opposition rally, organised by tmc supremo mamata banerjee, and called it a rally of self-interest and of conflicting ideologies, and exuded the confidence of forming the next government.
they also asked, who is their pm face.
read | 2019 polls will be india's second freedom struggle: mk stalin at mega opposition rallythe bjp claimed that the opposition outfits only agenda is to remove prime minister narendra modi from office.
they have no future road-map for the country, said union minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
he stressed that the leaders, who are part of the alliance, also harbour the ambition of becoming the prime minister.
the bjp termed the kolkata rally as a demonstration of a divided opposition, which lacked a common agenda.
bjp spokesperson rajiv pratap rudy too wondered who is the leader of this gathbandhan (alliance).
read | modi and shah have mixed the poison of hatred in india: arvind kejriwalthese leaders have been fighting each other.
.
.
they have come together with selfish motives, said rudy, while illustrating his claims with the sp-bsp alliance keeping out the congress in up.
yet, their leaders shared the dais in kolkata.
people are watching the political drama in karnataka, where the mlas are being meted out the third category of citizen treatment.
those who were present at the rally havent made their agenda clear for the country.
this is a gathering of people with selfish interest and desire to become the pm, claimed rudy.
read | modi has disappointed india, name another pm candidate: akhilesh yadavthe bjp leader claimed that pm modi has delivered on all fronts and people are supporting him now.
union minister ram vilas paswan attacked the opposition jamboree in kolkata and said that leaders of outfits with one mp in the lok sabha are nursing the ambition to become the pm.
by express news servicenew delhi: amid the ongoing controversies and political reactions over the authenticity of electronic voting machines (evms), the election commission has written to the delhi police to lodge an fir and to investigate the statement made by syed shuja, a self-proclaimed us-based cyber expert, claiming that the evms could be hacked.
the ec asked the police to investigate the matter promptly for violation of certain sections of the ipc dealing with spreading a rumour to cause public alarm and under other provisions of related laws.
through media reports, it has come to the notice of the commission that allegedly one syed shuja, on january 21 in london.
.
.
claimed that he was part of the evm design team and he can hack the evm used in elections in india.
the act of shuja is violative of ipc, particularly its section 505(1)(b), the ec said.
the political slugfest over the hackathon also heated up, with the bjp claiming the congress had already started looking for an excuse for its impending loss in the lok sabha polls.
questioning the presence of congress leader kapil sibal at the london event, union minister ravishankarprasad prasad said, what was sibal doing there?
in what capacity was he present?
my charge is that he was there to monitor the event for the congress.
it was a congress-sponsored conspiracy designed to defame indian democracy and the countrys election commission.
the bjp leader dismissed sibals claim that he was present in his personal capacity, saying he was intelligent enough to know the implications of his being there.
prasad claimed that sibal was there by deliberate design.
he claimed the indian journalists association, which had organised the london event, is headed by ashis ray, a committed congressman.
the electronic corporation of india ltd (ecil) which designed and developed the evms, has said that shuja has neither been on the companys rolls as a regular employee nor was he in any way associated in the design and development of evms at ecil.
by ptinew delhi: union home minister rajnath singh today condemned the killing of rising kashmir editor shujaat bukhari in srinagar and termed it an act of cowardice.
the veteran journalist and his pso were shot dead by unidentified gunmen outside the newspaper's office in press enclave near lal chowk in srinagar today.
expressing shock at the journalist's death, the home minister tweeted, the killing of @risingkashmir editor, shujaat bukhari is an act of cowardice.
it is an attempt to silence the saner voices of kashmir.
he was a courageous and fearless journalist.
extremely shocked & pained at his death.
my thoughts and prayers are with his bereaved family, he said on twitter.
the killing of @risingkashmir editor, shujaat bukhari is an act of cowardice.
it is an attempt to silence the saner voices of kashmir.
he was a courageous and fearless journalist.
extremely shocked & pained at his death.
my thoughts and prayers are with his bereaved family.
rajnath singh (@rajnathsingh) june 14, 2018congress president rahul gandhi too expressed grief over the death of the journalist and said bukhari was fearlessly fighting for peace in jammu and kashmir.
i'm anguished to hear about the killing of shujaat bukhari, editor of @risingkashmir.
he was a brave heart who fought fearlessly for justice and peace in jammu & kashmir.
my condolences to his family.
he will be missed (sic), gandhi said.
im anguished to hear about the killing of shujaat bukhari, editor of @risingkashmir.
he was a brave heart who fought fearlessly for justice and peace in jammu & kashmir.
my condolences to his family.
he will be missed.
rahul gandhi (@rahulgandhi) june 14, 2018bjp national general secretary ram madhav also termed the senior journalist's killing a cowardly act by the terrorists.
in a tweet, he said, shocked to hear about d attack on d editor-in-chief of rising kashmir shujaat bukhari in srinagar.
reprehensible n condemnable cowardly act of d terrorists (sic).
my last dm exchange with #shujaatbukhari.
i cant believe the mulaqat we were going to fix will never take place now.
life is just too uncertain & often too unkind.
pic.
twitter.com/8yed2izkzl  omar abdullah (@omarabdullah) june 14, 2018leader of opposition in the rajya sabha and former jammu and kashmir chief minister ghulam nabi azad said he (bukhari) did extremely good work during the floods in 2014.
he was a nice person.
in his death we have not only lost a good journalist but also a brilliant social worker.
former jammu and kashmir chief minister and national conference (nc) leader omar abdullah said, shocked beyond words.
may shujaat find place in jannat & may his loved ones find strength at this difficult time.
abdullah also posted a screenshot of his last conversation with bukhari on twitter.
union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad tweeted, deeply saddened to learn about the dastardly killing of @risingkashmir editor #shujaatbukhari.
such an attempt to suppress the sane voices by terrorists will never succeed.
deeply saddened to learn about the dastardly killing of @risingkashmir editor #shujaatbukhari.
such an attempt to suppress the sane voices by terrorists will never succeed.
ravi shankar prasad (@rsprasad) june 14, 2018union minister of state for information and broadcasting rajyavardhan singh rathore called bukhari's killing an attack on the freedom of press.
assassination of #shujaatbukhari is a brutal attack on freedom of press.
a cowardly and deplorable act of terror.
our fearless media is one of the greatest strength of our democracy and we are committed to provide a safe and conducive working environment to media persons, he said on twitter.
this is a shameful act.
media is free in india.
the state govt & the central govt are committed for the freedom of press in the country & the state: rajyavardhan singh rathore, union minister on the killing of editor of rising kashmir newspaper shujaat bukhari.
pic.
twitter.com/roypesv1ok  ani (@ani) june 14, 2018the editors guild of india tweeted, the editors guild of india unequivocally condemns the assassination of rising kashmir editor shujaat bukhari.
this is a grave attack on press freedom and democratic voices.
we will be issuing a more detailed statement soon.
by ptinew delhi: the industry estimates that manufacturing capacity of personal computers in india is underutilised to the tune of about 80 per cent due to cheaper imports and certain disabilities, parliament was informed on wednesday.
according to the manufacturers association for information technology (mait), the manufacturing capacity of personal computers in the country is underutilised to the extent of about 80 per cent on account of cheaper imports and certain disabilities which render domestic personal computer manufacturing uncompetitive on account of lack of level playing field vis--vis competing nations, minister for electronics and it ravishankarprasad prasad said in a written reply in the lok sabha.
the hurdles include lack of adequate infrastructure, domestic supply chain and logistics, high cost of finance, inadequate components manufacturing base and limited focus on research and development by the industry, the minister added.
india has implemented zero import duty regime on 217 tariff lines, including personal computers, as a signatory to the information technology agreement of the world trade organization (wto), he said.
prasad, however, pointed out that with various initiatives including phased manufacturing programme (pmp) and more-recently national policy on electronics 2019, india has rapidly started attracting investments into this sector and mobile phone manufacturing has emerged as a flagship sector in the electronics manufacturing space.
the minister also outlined steps initiated by the government for promotion of domestic electronics manufacturing industry and exports from the country, including infrastructure facility for electronics sector.
in 2018-19, the production of cellular mobile phones reached approximately rs 1,70,000 crore, compared to rs 18,900 crore in 2014-15.
the production of mobile phones in volume terms reached 29 crore units in 2018-19, as compared to production of 6 crore units in 2014-15, he said.
to another question, prasad said that the imports of mobile phones attract basic customs duty (bcd) of 20 per cent and there is no proposal under consideration of the government to levy additional duty on import of mobile phones.
however, bcd is being imposed on the specified sub-assemblies and parts of mobile phones, in accordance with the phased manufacturing programme (pmp).
the notification of pmp has enabled the mobile phones and related sub-assemblies/ parts manufacturing industry to plan their investments in the sector, the minister said.
by express news servicenew delhi: despite having a very aggressive road ahead for a faster adaptation of electrical vehicles, india is yet to see the segments most glamourous player, tesla, making its mark in the country.
and, according to tesla chief executive officer (ceo) elon musk, some tough government regulations were the cause for the delay in the carmakers india entry.
would love to be in india.
some challenging government regulations, unfortunately, musk responded to a twitter user on wednesday who had noted that tesla was not yet present in india.
while the carmaker hasnt entered the indian market yet, china is fast becoming a company favourite with reports stating that tesla is on its way to set up a factory for its vehicle in china.
this is set to be its first production facility outside the united states.
musk said the companys cfo deepak ahuja, who is from india, believes the company should enter the country soon.
deepak ahuja, our cfo, is from india.
tesla will be there as soon as he believes we should, musk said.
would love to be in india.
some challenging government regulations, unfortunately.
deepak ahuja, our cfo, is from india.
tesla will be there as soon as he believes we should.
elon musk (@elonmusk) may 30, 2018ahuja, a seasoned auto industry finance executive with 15 years experience at ford motor company, joined tesla motors as chief financial officer in 2010.
he holds bachelors' and masters' degrees in materials engineering from banaras hindu university and northwestern university, respectively and an mba from carnegie mellon university.
ahuja works out of tesla's san carlos headquarters.
he quit tesla in 2015, only to join it back in 2017.
this is not the first time that the billionaire tech boss has hinted that the company might put its india plans on hold because of regulatory hurdles, even though last year in february he had announced that tesla cars could possibly be cruising down indian roads in the summer of 2017.
for instance, in may last year musk had tweeted that local sourcing norms and supply issues are delaying teslas india plans.
back then, the governments make in india twitter handle had responded quickly stating that the foreign direct investment (fdi) policy does not mandate any such minimum sourcing of components by manufacturers.
however, musk had again in june 2017 said that the company is pushing for import tax waivers to launch the vehicle in the country until a factory is built.
post this twitter exchange, not much has been divulged in public.
tesla is not the first global technology major that has had regulatory problems.
while apple inc is looking to expand contract manufacturing operations in india after witnessing a new first-half record, the way might be open for direct manufacturing with union minister ravishankarprasad prasad stating on wednesday said that india is open and flexible on negotiating terms the company.
musk has revealed plans to install 10,000 supercharger stations for his company's electric vehicles around the world by 2019 end.
he tweeted a global map of the upcoming supercharger stations, mainly in europe, north america and china but not in india.
there are at present 1,229 supercharger stations across the world, with 9,623 superchargers installed which can charge an electric vehicle in just 30 minutes (nearly 80 per cent capacity).
tesla recently confirmed that it has produced its 300,000th vehicle.
there are now 212,821 model s vehicles, 71,927 model x vehicles, and 1,770 model 3 vehicles.
wipro chairman azim premji had yesterday criticised the government for complete absence of decision making.
(file photo: pti)new delhi: wipro chairman azim premji today met it minister ravishankarprasad prasad amid growing concerns over proposed changes in the h-1b visa norms in the us.
he was here to discuss visa and their involvement in domestic it market, an official source said after the meeting of prasad and premji.
the minister told premji that india has taken up this issue at senior level in the us administration, the source added.
in the past few weeks, there have been proposals to overhaul the popular h-1b visa regime through various legislations, which have added to the worries of the indian it sector that is battling slower growth, currency fluctuation and cautious client spending.
last week, the uscis temporarily suspended premium processing of h-1b visas -- often used by indian it firms -- that could lead to process delays.
the us administration, under president donald trump, hassought 60 days from an american appeals court to consider its response in a case challenging the previous government's decision to allow spouses of h-1b visa holders to work in the us.
such a move could put jobs of thousands of indians atstake.
the us accounts for over 60 per cent of the indian it export revenues.
for wipro, the us contributes over 55 per cent to its revenues.
the indian government has been pressing for a fair and rational approach on the matter from a trade and business perspective.
industry body nasscom, too, had taken a delegation to washington dc (february 27-march 2) to discuss issues like clampdown on work visas and flow of skilled manpower between the two nations.
by iansnew delhi: union it minister ravishankarprasad prasad and puducherry lt governor kiran bedi are among india's top 25 most-influential voices on linkedin, the microsoft-owned professional networking platform said on tuesday.
linkedin's annual top voices list celebrates and spotlights the contributors who have shaped industry opinion, analysed key trends, and inspired other professionals to join the conversation and share their voice on the platform.
this year's india list sees new entrants such as government dignitaries kiran bedi and ravishankarprasad prasad, and inspiring industry leaders such as sairee chahal, kunal shah, and ankur warikoo, who have used the platform in innovative ways to share articles, updates and videos that spark discussions on a host of topics, adith charlie, india managing editor, linkedin, said in a statement.
sairee chahal is the founder and ceo of sheroes, an online platform for women to discuss health, career, and other life stories.
also read | linkedin partners with oracle to help hr teams attract right talentkunal shah is advisor to the board, bennett coleman and co. ltd. (times group).
ankur warikoo is the co-founder and ceo of nearbuy.com, an e-commerce company.
besides bedi and prasad, other new entrants to the list include debjani ghosh, president at it industry's apex body nasscomm and pooja kapur, ambassador of india to bulgaria and macedonia.
these top voices have written engaging posts and articles, created linkedin-first video series, and forecasted trends on topics such as entrepreneurship, women in leadership roles, developments in technology, and the startup ecosystem that have kickstarted engaging industry discussions, linkedin said.
the third edition continues to see popular names vartika kashyap, marketing manager at proofhub; hari t. n, head of human resources at bigbasket; tamal bandyopadhyay, consulting editor at business standard; annesha dutta, consultant and corporate trainer; and ester martinez, ceo and editor-in-chief at people matters, who are renowned industry leaders and opinion-makers on linkedin.
according to linkedin data, top voices in india are three times more likely to respond to comments or reply to another member's post.
and compared to all members sharing in 2018, the top voices received an average 11 times more comments, 34 times more likes and seven times more shares on their posts, articles and videos.
new delhi: in an attempt to reduce the pendency of cases, the narendra modiled nda government, which has decided to appoint former judges in high courts, has so far received the names of 18 judges for the positions.
the 18 names have been received from the high courts of andhra pradesh/telangana, madhya pradesh, allahabad and calcutta.
the names are under the consideration of the ministry of law and justice, headed by ravishankarprasad prasad.
the the government and the judiciary have agreed that an extraordinary provision of the constitution can be invoked to appoint retired judges with proven integrity and track record as judges of high courts to tackle the rising pendency.
after the chief justices and chief ministers conference in april this year, chief justice of india t s thakur announced that the conference adopted a resolution that article 224a of the constitution would be invoked to allow chief justices of high courts to appoint retired judicial officers as ad hoc judges.
article 224a of the constitution states that the chief justice of a high court, with the prior consent of the president, can request any person who has held the office of a judge of that court or any other high court to sit and act as a judge of the high court for that state.
there are nearly three crore cases pending before the judiciary, including the supreme court, the 24 high courts and various subordinate courts.
he said these ad hoc judges will tackle criminal cases where appeals have not been heard for the past five years.
these judges will be appointed for a period of two years or up to the time they attain the age of 65.
judges who have retired in past two years will be considered first for the ad-hoc appointment.
chief justice of india t s thakur said these judges could also preside over holiday courts on saturdays and sundays.
the proposal has the backing of the law commissions 125th report, which had made the recommendations in this regard and stated, these retired judges constitute a pool of rich talent which requires to be fully utilised.
they have sharpened decision-making process which is an asset.
the art of adjudication is in their blood.
court processes and court procedure are handy to them.
they have acquired a certain expertise in dealing with matters civil, criminal, tax, labour and constitutional, coming before them.
recently, cji t s thakur had criticised the centre for not clearing appointments to high courts.
he had said there were 500 vacant posts in high courts across the country.
according to supreme court data, of the sanctioned strength of 1,041 judges in high courts, 442 posts (42 per cent ) were vacant on march 31.
by ptinew delhi: the congress monday alleged a scam by the modi government in the allocation of microwave spectrum in 2015 and demanded a supreme court-monitored probe into the matter.
the party also alleged that it had caused losses of crores to the exchequer.
congress spokesperson pawan khera cited a comptroller and auditor general (cag) report that said the government allotted the spectrum in 2015 on first-cum-first-service basis in contradiction of rules.
this caused losses to the state treasury, he claimed.
on thursday, union minister ravishankarprasad prasad said every spectrum was allocated through auction during his tenure as telecom minister and will look into the anomalies pointed out by the cag in spectrum allocation of 2015.
the cag report, tabled in parliament on january 8, said a set of microwave access (mwa) spectrum was allocated to a telecom operator in 2015 on the first-cum-first-service (fcfs) basis in contravention to the recommendations of a committee, while 101 applications for microwave (mw) spectrum were pending with the government.
the national auditor neither mentioned the name of the company to which the microwave spectrum was allocated and nor the loss estimates.
khera, alleging it to be a big scam, claimed that the decision taken by the government was also in violation of the supreme court judgment that spectrum would be made available only through a market driven process.
he claimed that the total loss caused by the government to the state exchequer was rs 69,381 crore, including non-recovery of charges of rs 45,000 crore from private telecom companies for spectrum used for defence.
recently, pm (prime minister narendra modi) modi shouted from rooftops that there is not a single allegation of corruption against his government, khera said.
this is a ludicrous and laughable claim by prime minister modi, he is once again today exposed by a cag report on telecom spectrum scam, the congress leader said.
the report reveals how the modi government allotted precious microwave spectrum to its private businesses on first come, first serve basis', rather than an auction, thereby flagrantly violating the 2012 supreme court judgment in the 2g case, he told reporters.
we demand a free and fair time-bound inquiry into these charges.
we feel that there should be a supreme court-monitored probe for the truth to come out as the government does not have confidence in on our national institutions, the spokesperson said.
khera alleged that modi-nomics had become the synonym of 'crony-nomics' where the interests of 'suit-boot' is writ large.
the modi government has indulged in 3 major spectrum scams in the last 4.
8 years.
he said the 125-page cag report, conclusively proves that the modi dispensation allotted a set of spectrum in 2015 on the first-cum-first-service basis, in contradiction to the recommendations of a 2012 committee even as 101 applications for microwave spectrum were pending with the government.
this caused a massive loss of rs 560 crore to the public exchequer, he alleged.
khera also accused the government of brazenly violating and claimed the 2012 supreme court judgement stated that while transferring or alienating the natural resources, the state is duty-bound to adopt the method of auction by giving wide publicity so that all eligible persons can participate in the process the modi government acted as a willful collaborator with its select cronies and artfully violated this judgment.
the bjp, which had supported the cancellation of spectrum allotment and had staunchly batted for an 'allocation', has now shown its true colours.
today, the bjp government stands guilty of violating the same principle and causing huge losses to people, he said.
the congress leader also alleged that the cag's observations on huge revenue loss due to the government's flawed spectrum management are a testimony to their crony policies.
for the last five years they squandered the nation's wealth to favour a select few.
though the people of india have already made up their mind to show the exit door to the modi government, an independent investigation into the findings of the latest cag report is the need of the hour, he said.
citing some of the observations of the cag report, he said, further by allowing initial incumbent telecom spectrum providers (tsps) to hold administratively allotted excess mwa carriers and allotment of mwa to one applicant in december 2015, the principle of providing level playing field to all tsps was not being followed.
considering above facts and dot's (department of telecommunications) committee recommendations, the allotment of mwa spectrum should have been made only through auctions, khera said.
he alleged that the cag had also found that the telecom department had used an old method to collect some of the spectrum charges instead of the new method, which is based on revenue-sharing.
besides, the congress leader alleged that no waiver of spectrum charges was given to defence forces by the government.
the cag, he said, found that 'notification of defence band and defence interest zone' was approved by the cabinet on january 21, 2015, and a separate proposal for waiver of spectrum charges payable by the defence department was to be submitted for approval of the cabinet.
new delhi: calling the recent scrapping of rs 500 and rs 1000 notes as a natural corollary of steps taken to combat black money by prime minister narendra modi-led government, a senior cabinet minister today said the demonetised notes were impacting the transparency of the indian economy.
union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad, while speaking at an anti-corruption conference hosted by cbi here, said the step taken by modi government was a transformative game changer exercise.
the present decision of our government to put rs 500 and rs 1000 out of legal tender is being debated but if you see the part of architecture our government has done over the years then you will find that this was a natural corollary of initiatives taken by the narendra modi government.
.
.
why this decision of taking out rs 500 and rs 1000?
.
.
.
it's a very simple reply.
15 per cent of india's gdp is cash, very high unlike other countries and out of that 15 per cent, 85-86 per cent is in the tender of rs 500 and rs 1000.
we don't say every indian is corrupt, no.
we don't say cash of every indian is bad tender, no.
but the hard fact remains that such a huge tender of rs 500 and rs 1000 is impacting the probity, propriety and transparency of economy.
therefore, this decision has been taken, he said.
prasad, also the minister for electronics and it, said while he agrees that there will be some inconvenience for a week or ten days to the masses, such a step is a transformative game changer exercise and i am very proud of my prime minister that he has chosen to do so.
he said the modi government, soon after taking over in 2014, has taken a number of steps like notifying of a special investigation team on black money, renegotiating tax treaties, enactment of the benami transactions act and launching a one-time black money compliance window among other steps to enforce accountability, bring probity and tell the people of india that this government means business.
prasad said the biggest legacy for the central bureau of investigation, the premier probe agency of the country, is the trust and confidence it invokes in the people as he asked them never to spare the offenders.
prasad said his government has brought in transparency in a number of spheres of governance including the two most talked about corruption issues during the previous government - the 2g spectrum allocation and the coal blocks allotment.
we got rs 3 lakh crore in the coal auctions that we did in a transparent manner and also collected rs 1,10000 crore in the spectrum auctions held sometime back, he said.
talking about the 'digital india' initiative of the government, the minister said his government wants to make india an empowered society.
he said due to initiatives taken by the government for financial inclusion, the poor have deposited rs 42,000 crore in their bank accounts till now.
prasad added an amount of rs 36,000 crore has been saved by these initiatives of using digital technology and using aadhaar else it would have been pilfered by middlemen.
lauding the cbi, prasad said the clamour for any crime to be investigated by cbi is on the rise and this asset of trust and confidence in its capabilities needs to safeguarded by the agency.
there have been aberrations.
.
.
but they have been largely officer-centric.
cbi is an important tool of trust, he said.
the minister asked the officials participating in the '22nd conference of cbi, state anti-corruption bureaux and vigilance bureaux and economic offences wings' to deal with the menace of ponzi crimes in a stringent manner.
he also asked the cbi to enhance capacity building for itself and enhance digitisation of its work.
keerthana sankaran byonline deskwhile last week's government order on snooping caused an uproar, the centre's plans for a far-reaching monitoring system have been in the making for almost a decade -- with the groundwork being done by the previous upa regime.
the recently released 2017-18 annual report of the centre for development of telematics (c-dot) says that indias central monitoring system (cms) is practically complete, confirming that the orwellian big brother is here.
the report says that surveillance equipment is being rolled out in 21 service areas across the country and operations have commenced in 12 service areas.
the system will monitor and intercept calls and messages.
read | government authorises 10 agencies to snoop on your computerthe government claims the cms is based on the telegraph act of 1885 which states that the central or state government may intercept messages if the government is satisfied that it is necessary or expedient to do so in the interests of the sovereignty and integrity of india, the security of the state, friendly relations with foreign states or public order or for preventing incitement to the commission of an offence.
even though the surveillance system was publicly announced in 2009, c-dots annual report of 2007-2008 had hinted at a testing phase for a lawful interception, monitoring system.
a post from the website of the centre for internet and society describes how the cms could work.
network providers are all required to give the interconnected regional monitoring centres access to their network servers.
the article also points out that there is no law that describes the cms.
mha: competent authority hereby authorizes the following security and intelligence agencies (in attached statement) for purposes of interception, monitoring and decryption of any information generated, transmitted, received or stored in any computer resource under the said act pic.
twitter.com/3oh9e7vv6t  ani (@ani) december 21, 2018the cms was approved by the cabinet committee on security during the upa government in 2011, receiving flak from experts and the press for not safeguarding the citizens right to privacy.
however, in a lok sabha session in may 2016, telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad said that the system is for the process of lawful interception, adding that regional monitoring centres in delhi and mumbai had been operationalised.
the latest c-dot report also talks about a centre of excellence for lawful interception being set up, which would use high-end technologies - such as open source intelligence, image processing and search engine tools to scan twitter and facebook - for surveillance.
on thursday, the ministry of home affairs released a notification, authorising 10 central agencies to intercept, monitor and decrypt any information generated, transmitted, received or stored in any computer.
while the public and opposition parties expressed alarm over the new order, the c-dot report clearly shows that state surveillance plans are already in an advanced stage.
these government moves are taking place despite the august 2017 landmark judgement by the supreme court, which declared the right to privacy as a fundamental right which will protect citizens from intrusive activities by the state.
hazare is a veteran of 1965 indo-pak war and was posted in the northeast.
| (file | ap)new delhi: social activist anna hazare today expressed disagreement with his one-time protege and delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal, saying it is not right to ask for proof of surgical strikes by the army on terror camps in pok.
it is unfair to ask for proof of surgical strikes.
i condemn this.
the matter is related to the army, country, and the border.
at this time, it is wrong to mistrust (the army).
there was a lot of planning done for the operation.
in a such a case, how can we mistrust people, hazare said.
he was speaking at the launch of the trailer of his biopic 'anna'.
hazare is a veteran of 1965 indo-pak war and was posted in the northeast at a time when the insurgency was flaring in the region.
in a televised speech yesterday, kejriwal had saluted prime minister narendra modi for ordering the surgical strike but also referred to some international media reports and a un group observations, both of which appear to question its authenticity, as he asked the prime minister to unmask the pakistani propaganda.
claiming that kejriwal sought proof on the anti-terror operation, the bjp asked him not to belittle the armed forces by getting influenced by pakistani propaganda.
at a press conference today, union minister ravishankarprasad prasad said the aap leader should answer whether he believed in the indian army or not.
kejriwal rejected bjp's criticism and accused it of playing politics over the anti-terror surgical strike and said why was the party scared when he had only asked the prime minister narendra modi to counter the propaganda by pakistan.
hazare also warned the union government that if it does not implement the lokpal bill then he will again resort to protests in ram lila maidan.
by ptinew delhi: chinese telecom gear maker huawei monday said it is ready to sign no back door agreement with the indian government to discourage espionage, and other companies should also follow suit.
huawei's business engagement in india is under scrutiny by the government after the us restricted hardware as well as software supplies to it.
we are proposing to the indian government that we are ready to sign 'no back door' agreement.
we encourage other oems (original equipment manufacturers) also to sign this kind of agreement with the government and telecom operators, huawei india chief executive officer jay chen told pti.
back door in technology products refers to arrangement with government or with any third party to share customers' data in an unauthorised manner with mala fide intention.
the telecom department had come up with security guidelines in 2011 that mandated telecom operators to install certified equipment and devices in their network to ensure they are free from malicious softwares or bug.
it proposed hefty penalties on telecom companies for failing to ensure compliance to the law.
however, the government is yet to set up labs to examine security issues in telecom gears and products.
the us government has alleged that law in china warrants its companies to share data with country's intelligence for national security.
chen said that huawei has conducted research on chinese law on its own and with the help of big legal firms based in the us, uk and australia.
they did some comparison.
the chinese intelligence law says that citizens and companies are supposed to cooperate if there is some national security threat but they never asked to share data or cooperate for state spying.
similar laws exist in the us, uk, australia and india too, chen said.
huawei at present has most of its equipment installed in the network of bharti airtel and vodafone idea.
the previous security guidelines issued in 2011 was limited up to 4g networks.
now, it should be upgraded for 5g networks as well, chen said.
huawei has teamed up with vodafone idea in india to conduct trials for the 5g services but is yet to receive approval for the same.
we want a level playing field.
i firmly believe that the indian government will allocate spectrum for trials to everyone at one go and not differentiate based on vendors.
india can't afford to work with select vendors for another 10 years when it is aspiring to become the third largest economy of the world, chen said.
telecom and it minister ravishankarprasad prasad has said that india's digital economy is likely to hit usd 1 trillion in next 4-5 years.
according to swedish telecom gear maker ericsson, 5g mobile services are expected to create an over usd 27 billion business opportunity for india by 2026, while huawei has estimated india to be the largest 5g market after china in the coming 10 years.
chen said that huawei is ready to further invest in india, work with indian startups to develop solutions for the world, set up labs, work on skill development after it gets positive reply from india on its engagement.
european vendors say that their prices will remain competitive to huawei because we are present in india, chen said.
he also said the us ban on hardware and software supplies has not adversely impacted the company's operations and it has already started sourcing components from non-us countries.
many european companies have come forward because it is a business opportunity for them.
after the us ban, our employees across board have started working at a very high efficiency level.
the spirit is now very high.
they are working on alternatives, chen said.
when asked about huawei plan around its operating system hongmeng for smartphones, chen said it is an alternative but the company will prefer to work with google's android ecosystem.
an open source android ecosystem will remain our first choice.
if possible, we will continue to prioritize using android.
technically, developing an os is not difficult, the difficult part is the ecosystem.
apple and google have done very well in building their ecosystem.
in the past, we have always supported the ecosystems of apple, google, and microsoft.
huawei's own os is a backup plan.
if we have no other choice, we have to find a way to survive, chen said.
rajesh kumar thakur byexpress news servicepatna: in a bid to make phir ek baar modi sarkar, the nda through its modi magic with a patriotic call on nationalism and development call-'sab ka saath, sab ka vikas', finally did a miracle in bihar politics on thursday when it decimated the opposition including the rjd to nowhere in parliamentary politics and won 38 out of 40 seats.
the ljp, led by ram vilas paswan , remained the most benefited in the nda with the party'a conquering all its contested six seats comfortably.
yes.
modi magic and development works done by the nda in state and centre have done a wonder in the results, said chirag paswan, who won the seat of jamui besides his two uncles namely pashupatinath paras from hajipur and ram chandra paswan from samastipur getting elected.
also read| lok sabha elections 2019 results livechandan kumar singh, younger brother of a muscleman politician and former munger mp suraj bhan singh, was fielded first time on nawada ls seat and despite being a novice in politics,he won the seat on the ticket of ljp again thanks to modi magic.
choudhary mehboob kaiser ali, fielded on khagaria seat and veena devi fielded against rjd candidate and veteran politician dr raghuvansh prasad singh on vaishali ls seat by the ljp, also came out with flying colours.
i had been predicting that all seats but kishanganj would be won .
the nda has won 38 out of 40 the seats due to pm narendra modi's magic of development and nationalism, said ram vilas.
vashisth narayan singh of jdu hailed the victory of nda in state as well as nationwide, as the 'victory of virtuous politics', with a clear cut intention for doing development to all and sundry.
the most important seats like siwan, patliputra, patna sahib, ara, sasaram, ujiyarpur, hajipur, muzaffarpur, vaishali, madhepura, buxar and motihari among others have been won by the nda.
besides, all the five union ministers of central government and three ministers of nitish kumar-led nda goverment in the state have also won their seats.
nda union ministers namely rk singh, ashwani choubey, radha mohan singh, ram kripal yadav and ravishankarprasad prasad have won the seats while ministers in the state government such as pashupatinath paras from hajipur, dinesh chandra yadav from madhepura and rajiv ranajan alias lallan singh from munger have also won their seats.
commenting over the unbelievable victory of nda candidates, rjd mlc subodh kumar rai said the opposition was surprised at the ratio of defeat.
we will discuss over the defeats minutely later and try to check out deficiencies for next elections, rai said.
for the mahagathbandhan, defeat of rlsp chief upendra kushwaha, ham's jitan ram manjhi and vip's mukesh sahani came as a bolt from blue to the alliance.
their defeat has demoralised us more than others.
rjd's dr misa bharti was also defeated.
it has added salt to ours wound, some senior leaders of mahagathbandhan said anonymously.
by iansnew delhi: dismissing the centres defence of its order putting all computers under surveillance, the congress on friday demanded to know the reasons including what was the threat to the nation behind giving a blanket authority to central agencies to snoop on all computers.
expressing alarm over the ministry of home affairs (mha) order giving 10 central agencies and the delhi police powers to intercept, monitor and decrypt any information in any computer source, the congress accused prime minister narendra modi of turning india into a police state and a surveillance state.
taking to twitter, congress president rahul gandhi called modi an insecure dictator.
converting india into a police state isnt going to solve your problems, modi ji.
its only going to prove to over 1 billion indians, what an insecure dictator you really are.
https://t.
co/kjhvqqwiv7 rahul gandhi (@rahulgandhi) december 21, 2018converting india into a police state isn't going to solve your problems, modi ji.
it's only going to prove to over 1 billion indians what an insecure dictator you really are, said gandhi.
after union finance minister arun jaitley and union it minister ravishankarprasad prasad came strongly in defence of the order saying it was a mere repetition of rules passed during the upa regime in 2009, congress leader jaiveer shergill accused both the ministers of lying and asserted that the latest order was vastly different from the 2009 rules.
also read: previous upa government made authorisation rules says arun jaitleyhe also said the order was unconstitutional, illegal and in contravention of the supreme court's 2016 verdict making right to privacy a fundamental right.
this order is nothing but a way to replace democracy in the country with modicracy.
both jaitley are prasad are lying and misleading the nation because unlike this order, the 2009 rules neither specify 10 investigating and intelligence agencies nor give them any blanket powers to snoop, shergill told the media here.
when the 2009 rules are existing, then what is the need of passing a new order?
the need is not in public interest.
the modi government has grown paranoid after losing the recent assembly elections and wants to intimidate citizens, snoop and steal data and try to change the narrative that is emerging against them, he said.
notified in october 2009, the information technology (procedure and safeguards for interception, monitoring and decryption of information rules) provide that an order of interception or monitoring of any computer can be issued only by the secretary of the mha at the centre and in case of emergency such an order can be issued by an officer, not below the rank of joint secretary in the government of india.
shergill also contested the mha order and its subsequent statement citing the information and technology (it) act, to clarify that the december 20 notification did not confer any new powers.
the it act clearly states interception and monitoring of computers can be ordered only when it is expedient to do so in the interest of the sovereignty, integrity, security of india, friendly relations with foreign countries or public order or for preventing crime.
the mha order states none of these reasons.
we demand the modi to the government to answer as to what is the threat to the nation or public order that it had to give a blanket order, said shergill.
the modi government must come out explaining as to what is the public interest it wants to serve with this order, added shergill.
earlier in the day, congress leader anand sharma said the government's move aimed at turning india into a surveillance state and asserted the opposition will collectively raise the issue in parliament.
he also claimed that a host of people including supreme court and high court judges and politicians' phones were being tapped.
the latest order of putting all computers under surveillance is unacceptable in any democracy and we collectively oppose it.
the opposition will unitedly raise this issue in parliament, said the former union minister.
rajesh kumar thakur byexpress news servicepatna: in what appears to a reply to the recent roadshow of bjp chief amit shah, congress president rahul gandhi will do a mega road show in patna sahib constituency on may 16 in favour of party candidate shatrughan sinha alias shotgun.
sinha is locked in battle against bjps candidate and union minister of law and it ravishankarprasad prasad, who is contesting first time ls elections.
the polling is due on may 19 in this constituency.
follow our full election coverage hereprem chandra mishra of congress party here said that rahul gandhi will also address a poll rally in patliputra ls constituency prior to roadshow in patna-sahib ls constituency.
mishra said that the nda will not win even a single seat in 2019 and the road show of rahul gandhi will be more impressive and impacting than a road show done earlier.
rjds misa bharti is locked against bjps sitting mp ram kripal yadav on the patliputra seat.
in 2014, misa bharti had lost the election and second time seeking votes for herself.
on the other hand, prime minister narendra modi will address two election rallies on may 14 in sasaram and buxar ls constituencies in favour of the party candidates.
by ptinew delhi: several union ministers, including vijay goel, prakash javadekar, nirmala sitaraman, and sushma swaraj, have not cleared dues on their official bungalows till february, the housing and urban affairs ministry said.
replying to an rti query, the ministry said union minority affairs minister mukhtar abbas naqvi and union minister of state for development of north eastern region jitendra singh also have outstanding payments on their bungalows.
these dues concern furniture and other things provided at the bungalows, an official of the ministry said.
the amounts for naqvi and singh are around rs 1.
46 lakh and rs 3.
18 lakh respectively for the same period, according to the ministry.
the reply, dated april 26, came on an rti application filed by ajit kumar singh.
the directorate of estates, which comes under the union housing and urban affairs ministry, allots bungalows to union ministers and mps in the national capital.
defence minister nirmala sitaraman had pending dues of rs 53, 276 while dues of rs 86,923 was not cleared by javadekar till february.
goel, who is a minister of state for parliamentary affairs, also did not clear dues running into nearly rs 3 lakh while minister of state for agriculture gajendra singh had dues of rs 2,88,269 till february, it stated.
responding to the rti query, the directorate said external affairs minister swaraj had pending dues of rs 98,890 on her official bungalow till the same period.
the directorate of estates issues a 'no demand certificate (ndc)' to those ministers and mps who have cleared their dues.
according to the rti reply, there were only rs 14,627 dues pending on union social justice and empowerment minister thawar chand gehlot after he paid rs 1,23,215 out of rs 1,37,842 accessed from august 2014 to february 2019.
there are also several union ministers who have cleared their dues.
rajnath singh, nitin gadkari, giriraj singh, babul supriyo, harsh vardhan, manoj sinha, narendra singh tomar, mahesh sharma, jayant sinha, ravishankarprasad prasad, uma bharti, and smriti irani are among the union ministers who have cleared their dues.
prime minister narendra modi waves at supporters at raj bhawan square, bhubaneswar, where he arrived for the bjp national executive meeting, on saturday | shamim qureshybhubaneswar: the bjp made no secret of its desire to capture power from panchayat to parliament as it began its two-day national executive meeting in the odisha capital on saturday.
while prime minister narendra modi revelled in the triumphal mood of the party by leading a high-octane road show through the main street of bhubaneswar, the bjps national president gave glimpses of the partys current horizon.
shah spoke of a golden age for the party which would come when power is won in states like odisha, west bengal and kerala.
towards that goal, he indicated to party leaders, nothing is impossible with modiji as the mascot of the party.
modi played that role to the hilt during his roadshow leading upto the conclave inaugural.
from the biju patnaik airport to janata maidan, the venue, it was a 20-minute ride of splendour, marked by lotus-waving fans on the sidewalks, a rock star riding a range rover and occasionally wading into the crowd for warm howdy thank yous.
it was an intensity  both the pms and the crowds  last seen in varanasi before the sweeping victory in uttar pradesh.
while modi did the atmospherics, shah laid out the agenda.
in his inaugural address to the conclave, shah did the peremptory nod to the poor, crediting the partys garib kalyan programme for the bjp wins in four out of the five states that had elections last month.
there was self-congratulation: the nda government had done in three years what would be beyond the capacity of other dispensations in two or three terms.
and there was hyperbole: the prime minister is the most popular leader since independence, shah was quoted as saying by union minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
but the thrust of the bjps messaging to the party faithful was that the peak was yet to come, and that would come when peaks unconquered are scaled.
we have 13 chief ministers with us now, shah said.
but the peak will come when the bjp comes to power in kerala, tamil nadu, odisha and west bengal.
and there was god.
shah announced that he was making a vow at the feet of lord jagannath, as he had done in prayag when the last national executive was held in allahabad.
the partys next goal, he said, was to win the assembly elections coming up in himachal pradesh, gujarat and karnataka, and then odisha in 2019.
all the 13 chief ministers were not in bhubaneswar in fact.
assams sarbananda sonowal stayed home because it was bihu.
but the partys latest star, yogi adityanath was very much there, hogging all the attention.
by ptinew delhi: lok sabha on tuesday passed a resolution to set up a joint committee on offices of profit which will have members from both the houses.
the main function of the committee is to recommend what constitutes an 'office of profit'.
holding an office of profit may lead to disqualification of a member of parliament.
a legislator is disqualified for holding an office of profit under the government as he or she might be susceptible to government influence, and may not discharge the constitutional mandate fairly, explains legislative think tank prs india.
the joint committee on offices of profit is constituted for the duration of the lok sabha and consists of 15 members -- ten from lok sabha and five from rajya sabha.
the motion was moved by law minister ravishankarprasad prasad and passed by a voice vote.
lok sabha passed another motion to elect two members to the all india institute of medical sciences.
the motion was moved by minister of state for health ashwini chaubey.
as per aiims act, two mps from the lower house serve as members of the institute.
by ptinew delhi: union minister piyush goyal was wednesday appointed as the deputy leader of the house in rajya sabha, sources said.
the two-time rajya sabha mp will be succeeding union minister ravishankarprasad prasad, who has been elected to the lok sabha.
goyal, the minister of railways and commerce & industry in the narendra modi government, will be deputy to senior bjp leader thawarchand gehlot, the minister for social justice and empowerment.
gehlot has been chosen as the leader of the house in the rajya sabha.
goyal is currently a rajya sabha member from of maharashtra.
he was formerly the national treasurer of the bjp.
new delhi: the indian government has conveyed its concerns at a 'very senior level' in the us administration on the move to curb h-1b visa processing, law and it minister ravishankarprasad prasad today said.
i think our concerns at a very senior level has already been conveyed to the government of usa.
i would not like to get into the details except that indian it companies are giving good value addition to us companies, prasad told reporters on the sidelines of icegov conference in response to a question on recent developments.
the us had last week said it will be temporarily suspending premium processing of h-1b visas from april 3, eliminating the option of shorter waiting period for the programme that helps highly skilled foreigners work at american firms.
under the current system, companies submitting applications for h-1b visas for potential employees can pay an additional sum for expedited service, which is known as premium processing.
the temporary suspension could last up to six months, according to the us citizenship and immigration services (uscis).
h-1b visas are widely used by indian it majors.
premium processing costs an additional usd 1,225 and ensures a response from the uscis within 15 days or the fee is refunded.
processing of standard h-1b applications takes between 3 and 6 months.
prasad said that the indian it companies are servicing more than 75 per cent of fortune 500 companies.
they are making them more competitive and giving them extraordinary value addition.
i am given to understand that they have paid around usd 20 billion tax revenue in last 5 years.
they have created 4,00,000 jobs, not only in america but other parts of the world.
indian it companies and it professionals are giving lot of opening to american companies in india, prasad said.
he also said that the whole it movement in the world is based on sharing and reciprocity.
on recent reports of misuse of aadhaar data, prasad said that the unique id is completely safe and secure and that some people were trying to play mischief in a sponsored manner against whom police have taken action.
new delhi: stung by rahul gandhi's sensational charge of having information about prime minister narendra modi's personal corruption, top ministers in the government today dismissed the allegation as false and baseless, insisting there cannot be a bigger lie than it.
senior ministers including manohar parrikar, ananth kumar, ravishankarprasad prasad and prakash javadekar went ballistic at the congress vice president, calling the charge a result of his desperation and frustration and demanding an apology.
rahul gandhi tells lies.
he speaks baseless.
come to parliament, discuss and also listen to our reply.
he is the same person who kept quiet during the 10 years when the country, under manmohan singh government, was being looted, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said.
earlier, addressing a press conference after the lok sabha was adjourned for the day, gandhi alleged that he had information about personal corruption involving the prime minister and that he was not being allowed to speak in the house because of it.
prasad said gandhi has become restless because of the steps taken by the government against black money and corruption, adding because of restlessness he is speaking such things.
ridiculing gandhi for making unsubstantiated charges, parliamentary affairs minister kumar said the congress vice president has been exposed, adding the charges were made out of desperation and frustration.
had he (gandhi) got any information, he would have said it by now.
it is a baseless allegation.
he is saying this out of frustration.
today they are saying they are not being allowed to speak.
it is wrong because every day congress members are coming to the well of the house.
now they are trying to spread rumour and baseless allegations, kumar said.
rejecting gandhi's claim that he is not being allowed to speak in the lok sabha, defence minister parrikar said the question as to who has stalled parliament should be put to him.
addressing a press conference at the bjp headquarters, javadekar said only congress and not the government will be exposed when gandhi speeks even as he dismissed the charge that the government was not letting the congress leader speak in parliament.
there cannot be a bigger lie than this, the union environment minister said.
by express news servicebhubaneswar: even as the demand for setting up of permanent bench of the orissa high court in western and southern regions of odisha remains unfulfilled, the state government has reconstituted the committee formed by it in march this year to consider all aspects of the issue.
as per a notification issued by the home department, the development commissioner will head the six-member committee while special secretary, home in charge of the high court will be its convenor.
the committee comprises secretaries in home, finance, revenue and law departments as members.
a home department notification said, in partial modification of the department notification no 10783 dated 8th march, 2018, the committee constituted for consideration of various aspects for establishment of permanent bench of orissa high court in western & southern regions of the state other than the principal seat is hereby reconstituted.
the state government had constituted the committee after agitation by members of sambalpur district bar association over demand for a permanent bench of the high court, which reached 187 days in march this year crippling the judicial process in the area.
subsequently, the committee headed by the additional chief secretary in home department was constituted to consult with the union law ministry and chief justice of the orissa high court.
lawyers of sambalpur, who have been demanding a bench in western odisha, had met chief minister naveen patnaik and requested him to make budget provision and form a committee to negotiate with the union law ministry.
the state government had made a provision of `5 crore in this regard in the 2019-20 budget.
the lawyers of southern odisha had also intensified their demand for establishment of a bench of the high court in the region during the period.
in a letter to the then union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad in january this year, the chief minister had requested the centre to take a call on the issue of establishment of benches of the high court in western and southern odisha regions in view of the unrelenting agitation by people.
new delhi: the government has received names of 18 former judges for appointment in four high courts, days after the executive and the judiciary agreed to invoke an extraordinary provision of the constitution to post retired judges to fight rising pendency.
the 18 names have been received from the high courts of andhra pradesh/telangana, madhya pradesh, allahabad and calcutta.
the names are under process, highly-placed sources said.
an extraordinary provision of the constitution can now be invoked to appoint retired judges with proven integrity and track record as judges of high courts to tackle rising pendency, the government and the judiciary have agreed.
as per the minutes of the meeting of the chief ministers- chief justices conference held in april, approved after a gap of nearly six months, it has been resolved that subject to integrity, suitability and performance of a person who has held the office as a judge of the high court, the provisions of article 224 a can be invoked to deal with the extraordinary situation involving the large pendency of civil and criminal cases in the high courts.
.
.
as per the provision, the chief justice of a high court, with the previous consent of the president (centre), can request any person who has held the office of a judge of that court or any other high court to sit and act as a judge of the high court for that state.
the minutes were prepared by the supreme court.
but the law ministry said some of the points drafted by the apex court were definitive in nature, whereas talks on those issues remained inconclusive in the meeting.
when the conference was held in april, d v sadananda gowda was the law minister and he kept the matter pending due to disagreement over certain points.
the issue was brought to the knowledge of present incumbent ravishankarprasad prasad who took over in july.
the ministry has now cleared the minutes last month.
according to the minutes of the meeting, appointment of retired judges in high courts can also help achieve the goal 'five plus zero' pendency.
'five plus zero' is an initiative to ensure that cases pending for more than five years are taken up on priority basis and pendency of such cases is brought down to zero level.
the 24 high courts face a shortage of nearly 450 judges.
nearly three crore cases are pending in courts across india.
by ptinew delhi: the bjp alleged tuesday that dassault aviation ceo eric trappier's claims on the rafale deal had exposed the lies of congress chief rahul gandhi whose behaviour had become increasingly irresponsible and oblivious to india's security needs.
union minister and senior bjp leader ravishankarprasad prasad told pti that trappier's interview had particularly exposed the lie about the company's offset obligation.
the ceo, he added, made it clear that such an obligation with anil ambani's reliance and 30 other firms would be undertaken solely by dassault and that government of india had no role whatsoever.
gandhi had frequently alleged corruption in the rafale deal and claimed that it was tweaked to favour ambani, a charge denied by the government and also reliance.
also read: dictated interviews, manufactured lies can't suppress rafale scam: congress on dassault ceo's defencethe interview exposed all the lies of the congress and its president, prasad said, adding the rafale fighter aircraft was inducted to subserve the security needs of the indian air force.
attacking gandhi, he alleged, increasingly, as the congress president, his behaviour is quite irresponsible and completely oblivious to the security needs of india.
it is no surprise that the language of rahul gandhi and and his friends in pakistan are the same.
in jabalpur, bjp spokesperson sambit patra told reporters that the lies of rahul gandhi had been caught again.
the politics of lies, deceit and conspiracy promoted by rahul gandhi has yet again been exposed.
he has become shameless to an extent which is unimaginable, patra alleged.
in a media interview, trappier had defended the contract and claimed no wrongdoing in the rs 58,000 crore deal, asserting it was a clean deal.
he claimed his company chose reliance as an offset partner.
the congress dismissed his claims as manufactured lies.
by ianslos angeles: verified facebook pages of spacex and tesla disappeared on friday, minutes after elon musk responded to a comment on twitter calling for him to take down his rocket company spacex, electric carmaker tesla and his own official pages in support of the #deletefacebook movement.
what's facebook?
musk on friday morning sarcastically replied to a tweet from whatsapp co-founder brian acton urging his followers to delete facebook by tweeting it is time.
musk, ceo of both spacex and tesla, inc, replied to a comment on twitter calling for him to take down the spacex, tesla and musk official pages in support of the #deletefacebook movement by saying i didn't realize there was one.
will do.
less than half an hour, the verified facebook pages of spacex and tesla, inc are no longer accessible, xinhua reported.
read: strong action will be taken if social media sites like facebook sway electoral process, says union minister ravishankarprasad prasadprior to the deletion, both the two pages had over 2.
6 million likes and follows, and super high engagement rates.
the boycott #deletefacebook started after the us and british media reported that the data of more than 50 million facebook users were inappropriately used by a british data analysis company, cambridge analytica, in activities allegedly connected with us president donald trump during his 2016 presidential campaign.
i didnt realize there was one.
will do.
elon musk (@elonmusk) march 23, 2018facebook ceo mark zuckerberg admitted on wednesday that his company had made mistakes in a data leak that caused grave concern about user privacy possibly abused for political purposes.
by aninew delhi: union minister ravishankarprasad prasad on wednesday said that there is no shortage of judges in the supreme court.
there is no shortage of judges in the supreme court of india.
the supreme court has reached its full strength of 31 judges for the first time since 2009, said prasad, in a response to a starred question in the lok sabha.
the union minister, however, asserted that there are 403 vacancies in the high courts.
while every effort is made to fill up the existing vacancies expeditiously, vacancies do keep on arising on account of retirement, resignation or elevation of judges and increase in judge strength.
prasad said that the delay in disposal of cases in the higher judiciary is not only due to shortage of judges, but due to other reasons such as increasing number of state and central legislation, accumulation of first appeals, number of revision or appeals, frequent adjournments, indiscriminate use of writ jurisdiction and long duration of vacation period of court.
he said that the chief justice has sent proposals for augmenting the judge-strength in supreme court so that it can function more efficiently and effectively.
the cji has also proposed to increase the retirement age of high court judges for ensuring continued availability of more experienced judges for a longer tenure and for improving the vacancy position and reducing the pendency of cases, the union minister added.
shankar said that the matter of augmenting the judge-strength of the supreme court and increase in the retirement age of high court judges needs to be considered along with other measures to ensure transparency, accountability in the appointment of judges and court and case management for the reduction in pendency of cases in the higher judiciary.
rajesh kumar thakur byexpress news servicepatna: with the sixth phase of polling, passing off with average performance of the nda allies on sunday, as per reports, the seventh and last is shaping up as a do or die phase for all contesting parties in bihar.
the final phase would see four union ministers of bjp seeking a second term from their respective constituencies, including at patna sahib and the patliputra ls constituencies, where the mahagatvandhan has also fielded the best of their candidates.
underling the electoral characteristics of constituencies going for polling on may 19, bk panday, a retired professor of political science said, development was not an issue after the fourth phase.
caste equations have bluntly sidelined all issues.
caste arithmetic will be the key factor now.
union minister of law and it ravishankarprasad prasad, fighting his maiden lok sabha battle is locked in a fierce fight with actor turn politician and sitting mp shatrughan sinha, who changed parties from bjp to congress.
follow our election coverage herepatna sahib is dominated by kayastha community with 4.
5 lakh voters and both prasad and sinha are kayasthas.
sensing the going to be tough for prasad,bjp chief amit shah led a mega road show in the patna on saturday evening.
ram kripal yadav, a minister for state in the union cabinet and the sitting mp of patliputra has taken on rjd chief lalu prasads daughter misa bharti who ran him close in a constituency dominated by yadav, koeri, muslim, sc and bhumihar voters.
bureaucrat-turned-politician raj kumar singh, who is currently union minister of state for power and renewable energy, is facing a tough challenge on the ara ls seat from cpi (ml) candidate raju yadav.
raju yadav is one of the influential leaders of the left party and ara in bhojpur region has been a strong bastion of the red party.
yadavs candidature was declared much earlier than the mahagathbandhan and the nda came up with their lists.
it is another thing that singh graduated from saint stephens college, is an ex-ias officer and had served as home secretary of india.
but he is not comfortable in this caste dominated constituency this time as there is no modi wave, manoj kumar, a youth of ara said, adding that caste-equation has emerged as thekey factor.
by ptinew delhi: the lok sabha thursday passed a bill to allow voluntary use of aadhaar as proof of identity for opening bank accounts and procuring mobile phone.
the aadhaar and other laws (amendment) bill, 2019, was passed by a voice vote after information technology minister ravishankarprasad prasad assured the house that aadhaar is voluntary and informed consent of the biometric identity holder has to be obtained before it is used.
the amendments address privacy and security concerns.
it provides that no service or benefit of any scheme will be denied for lack of aadhaar, prasad said.
the amended bill also provides for a stiff rs 1 crore penalty and a jail term for private entities for storing aadhaar data.
as many as 123 crore people are currently using aadhaar.
all safeguards are in place to prohibit misuse of aadhaar biometrics.
iris and fingerprint data is stored in indian machinery and it is safe and secure, prasad said.
displaying his personal aadhaar card in the house, the minister said the card only discloses his name, father's name, date of birth, residential address and does not give out any information on medical records or details of caste, religion and community.
he said aadhaar data can only be shared when there is a threat to national security or there is court order.
even if i, as an, information technology minister, seek aadhaar data, i will be subject to 3 years of punishment, prasad said.
he said the government has saved rs 1.
41 lakh crore due to aadhaar and removed 4.
23 crore and 2.
98 crore bogus lpg connection and ration cards respectively.
prasad said the bill is a wholesome amendment following the supreme court order.
also read | jaipur teens faked age on aadhaar cards to watch 'kabir singh'since crores of poor people are benefiting by using aadhaar, hence in an emergency we brought the ordinance, he said.
the minister further said the government would soon bring a data protection legislation in the house as it believes that india's data sovereignty has to be respected and the country should have a data analytics centre.
the data protection law is work in progress.
we have the justice srikrishna committee report.
some more inter-ministerial consultation is going on, prasad said.
justice srikrishna panel had submitted its report in july 2018.
the aadhaar and other laws (amendment) bill, 2019, was introduced in the lok sabha on june 24, and once passed by the rajya sabha will replace an ordinance issued in march 2019.
the amendments provide for use of aadhaar number for kyc authentication on voluntary basis under the telegraph act, 1885, and the prevention of money laundering act, 2002.
put simply, this means it will allow voluntary use of aadhaar number for authentication and identity proof in opening bank accounts and procuring mobile phone connections.
also read | banks can use aadhaar for kyc with customer's consent: rbiit also gives option to children to exit from the biometric id programme on attaining 18 years of age, while stipulating stiff penalties for violation of norms set for the use of aadhaar and violation of privacy.
participating in the debate on the bill, ritesh pandey (bsp) said there is a need to improve it.
supporting the bill, ajay kumar mishra (bjp) said that five years back the challenge before us was to work in a mission mode.
and we are seeing the results now.
aadhaar, he said, will play an important role in making available the facilities.
supriya sule (ncp) said that you are cheating common man.
what privacy we are talking about?
hitting out at the bjp, she said that they are only growing on the programmes which upa started.
why is aadhaar card compulsory?
what is it?
what is voter card then?
we all have voter id, she said.
pk kunhalikutty (iuml) said that you should have brought data protection bill along with this bill.
stating aadhaar as the biggest enemy of corruption, manoj tiwari (bjp) that more the aadhaar is strong, more are the benefits.
r natarajan of cpi (m) said he strongly opposed the bill on the ground that it was in contravention to the supreme court judgement.
opposing the bill, adhir ranjan chowdhury, leader of the congress in the lok sabha, said the government used the ordinance route to bring in the legislation.
he said the ordinance was issued by the last government (from 2014-19) and the current government has brought it as legislation.
the government is resorting to the ordinance route without any rhyme and reason.
chowdhury said it was the upa government, which brought in the law, to which law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said the nda government gave legal status to aadhaar.
you have loaned the concept of aadhaar from us (aapne aadhaar udhaar liya hain), chowdhury said.
he said the supreme court had also rapped the government for violating privacy in aadhaar.
prasad said, under you (the upa), aadhaar lacked any backing (aadhaar niradhar tha).
we made a law for it.
the minister said rs 7.
84 lakh crore was sent through direct benefit transfer (dbt) to beneficiaries under different schemes.
nearly 1.
41 lakh crore have been saved from middlemen.
he said 123.
81 crore people have aadhaar cards and nearly 6.
91 crore bank accounts have been linked to it.
opposing the bill, manish tewari said an individual should be given the right to involuntarily delete his aaadhar number.
slamming the government, asaduddin owaisi (aimim), rammohan naidu (tdp) and k premachandran (rsp) alleged the government was seeking to benefit private entities from the legislation.
premachandran also demanded that the bill be sent to standing committee or select committees of parliament.
he said the bill also gives greater power to uiadi but has little accountability.
owaisi said the bill will not stand in the court of law.
you could pass this bill with a brute majority, but be rest assured that it will be struck down by the courts, owaisi said.
chandigarh: as there is no conflict of interest cricketer-turn-politician navjot singh sidhu who is punjab local bodies, tourism, cultural affairs, archives and museums minister can carry on doing his television shows states the report of punjab advocate general submitted to punjab chief minister capt amarinder singh.
in his legal opinion, ag atul nanda has clarified that there is no conflict of interest in navjot sidhu continuing with the work on tv while simultaneously carrying on his responsibility as a minister.
nanda has not found any conflict of interest between sidhus office as state cabinet minister and his work on television shows.
there is no conflict of interest between his work on the show and his office and discharge of duties as the minister of local government, tourism, cultural affairs, archives and museums for the state of punjab, the report states.
but sidhus doing the tv shows will be in direct violation of code of conduct for ministers.
as in the past, arun jaitley, ravishankarprasad prasad had surrendered their licence to practice law after becoming ministers in the modi government.
also singer babul supriyo too gave up commercial playback singing after becoming a minister.
it would be in violation of code of conduct for the ministers which has always to be strictly followed to keep the healthy traditions of democracy alive.
the code of conduct states that no minister shall undertake a business activity, says former punjab advocate general ashok aggarwal.
in the opinion of the advocate general, no violation of the constitution of india, the representation of the people act, 1951, or the code of conduct in this case.
he further states that sidhu faces no legal bar in continuing with his work on the show.
the four-page report of the advocate general further concludes, precluding the need for any change in the culture portfolio of sidhu.
citing the constitution, the report concluded that the role and function of celebrity judge on the show is not an office of profit under the government of india/ the state government.
it is not even an office under the government of india or state government, it further said, adding, hence the continuation of such work would not invite the disqualification of holding of an office of profit within the meaning of article 191(1).
the advocate general has further opined that there is no impediment to the minister continuing with his work on the show in terms of the representation of the peoples act, 1951, which sets out various disqualifications under sections 8, 8-a, 9, 9-a, 10, 10-a, 11-a.
the ministers continuation of work on the show also does not violate clause 1(b) of the minsters code of code, the advocate general has stated in his report.
meanwhile, punjab chief minister capt amarinder singh has confirmed that he has received the report of the advocate general on the issue.
he said that there was no hindrance now to sidhus continuation on tv shows, nor any need to change his culture portfolio.
the advocate general was entrusted by the chief minister with the task of giving his legal opinion on whether there was any prohibition or restriction in the continuation of sidhus work as celebrity guest on a comedy show - the kapil sharma show, as such work may amount to a conflict of interest.
new delhi: delhi university student gurmehar kaur, whose campaign against the abvp has gone viral, found herself at the centre of a major row on monday as the ruling bjp and the opposition traded charges over the ramjas college clashes, re-igniting the intolerance debate.
facing death and rape threats after her social media campaign against the rss student wing, kaur, daughter of an army officer killed in the kargil war, was compared to underworld don dawood ibrahim by a bjp mp while union minister kiren rijiju wondered who was polluting her mind.
but kaur got the endorsement of congress vice president rahul gandhi, delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal and many others for her stand against the abvp and violence on the campus.
the delhi commission for women (dcw) urged the police to act against those threatening her.
kaur, a student of the prestigious lady shri ram college, insisted she won't be intimidated.
i am not afraid because i am fighting for the right thing, she said, adding she was getting numerous threats on phone and social media besides filthy comments.
it would be very nice if i get protection.
fear is not in my blood.
my father took a bullet for the country and i am also ready to do that, she added.
kaur, 20, told the media that nobody had the right to threaten any woman with rape.
kaur took on the akhil bharatiya vidyarthi parishad, which controls the delhi university students union, after abvp activists were blamed for the attacks on students, teachers and journalists in the campus.
students opposed to the ramjas college violence of february 22 and the online threats against kaur have decided to take out a march in the delhi university on tuesday.
the issue triggered a war of words between the bjp and the congress.
criticise the government but don't abuse the motherland, rijiju said, after kaur also posted: pakistan did not kill my father.
war killed him.
bjp mp pratap simha from mysuru posted an image of dawood on twitter with the words i didn't kill people in 1993, bombs killed them.
the mp added: at least dawood did not use the crutches of his father's name to justify his anti-national stand.
both rijiju and simha faced widespread flak.
rahul gandhi tweeted: against the tyranny of fear we stand with our students.
for every voice raised in anger, intolerance and ignorance there will be a gurmehar kaur.
said congress spokesperson manish tewari: an atmosphere is being created to protect those who support violence or are fascist in nature.
but those who try to express something within the limits of the constitution, they face violence.
the congress also targeted finance minister arun jaitley for his remark in london that there is an alliance of subversion on indian campuses.
delhi's ruling aam aadmi party blamed the modi government for the threats to kaur and accused the abvp of unleashing violence both in the real and the online world.
union ministers m. venkaiah naidu and ravishankarprasad prasad hit back at the opposition for its narrative of attack on freedom of expression.
everybody has freedom but that does not mean that you raise slogans to weaken the country?
does freedom of expression mean raising slogans like azadi for kashmir, azadi for bastar?
asked prasad.
naidu accused leftists of trying to turn universities into laboratories for separatist experiments.
he called the abvp a nationalist organisation.
meanwhile, union home minister rajnath singh said in varanasi: i have told delhi police to practice restraint so that nothing goes wrong.
i am constantly in touch with the police commissioner.
by ptinew delhi: the bjp monday accused rahul gandhi of lying on the rafale issue, claiming that the congress chief's campaign on the fighter jet deal was based on pure commercial interest and influenced by middlemen.
the congress has unleashed an entire campaign of canard over the rafale deal, senior bjp leader and union minister ravishankarprasad prasad said.
citing a report, he said, a media house has come up with documents which reveal that the same middlemen who were pushing for the case for agustawestland, one of them being under arrest, were also pushing the case for eurofighter, which was in competition with rafale.
several companies including those from the us, russia and sweden, were also in contention before the deal for fighter jets to be procured the indian air force went in favour of french aircraft major dassault, which makes the rafale plane.
read: government weakening hal to benefit anil ambani: rahul gandhi on rafale dealthe papers seized from italian middleman guido haschke during a raid reveal that he and christian michel worked on a plan to place rafale's prime competitor in the win zone, the union law minister claimed.
michel, the alleged middleman in the agustawestland vvip chopper case who was extradited from dubai recently, was on saturday sent to judicial custody by a court here.
he was arrested by the ed on december 22 in a money-laundering charges in a scam.
michel was earlier lodged in the tihar jail here in a related cbi case.
michel is among the three alleged middlemen being probed in the case by the ed and the cbi.
the others are guido haschke and carlo gerosa.
referring to the documents cited in the report, prasad asked why the name of a leading family, namely the gandhis, appeared in documents related to agustawestland or the air force's fighter planes.
the available documents in the public domain raise serious suspicion of intention of rahul gandhi and the congress.
it is too well known that the congress is never happy unless there is a deal in a defence deal, he said.
the minister alleged that it is evident that there was a close proximity of a middleman who was pushing the case for eurofighter against rafale.
in this light, the entire bogie of falsehood, entire campaign of canard unleashed by rahul gandhi is completely false and based upon pure commercial interest, he said.
prasad asked the congress chief to explain what proximity he and his family had with michel and how a middleman was sure that with his influence the deal will be tilted in the favour of eurofighter.
by express news servicenew delhi: with lok sabha proceedings disrupted for the seventh consecutive day, on thursday, speaker sumitra mahajan has told the leaders of political parties that she would call a meeting of the rules committee to look into the unruly behaviours of mps, who rushed to the well of the house with placards.
her tough stand seemingly had a desired impact, as mallikarjuna kharge, the leader of opposition in the house, promised to participate in the discussion on the bill against the practice of triple talaq on december 27.
amid the din over the rafale deal and other issues raised by the opposition, the lower house passed two bills following brief discussion in the latter half of thursday.
the speaker called a meeting of the leaders of all political parties with an aim to end the deadlock.
while the congress members disrupted the proceedings of the house with demands for the constitution of joint parliamentary committee (jpc) on rafale fighter jet deal, the bjp mps, too, had come to the house with placards seeking an apology from congress president rahul gandhi for spearheading a misinformation campaign.
the speaker told the leaders of the parties that the image of the lok sabha is being dented with unabated unruly behaviour of the mps.
she said that she would call the meeting of the rules committee to look into the prospects of bringing changes to ensure that the members dont indulge in unruly behaviour, a source close to the speaker said.
afterwards, kharge requested the speaker to defer discussions on the bill against the practice of triple talaq to december 27 to allow the opposition members to prepare for the debate.
rsp mp n k premchandran and congress mp shashi tharoor had listed statutory resolutions for withdrawal of the muslim women (protection of rights on marriage) bill from the house.
the union minister for law and justice ravishankarprasad prasad and union minister for parliamentary affairs narendra singh tomar agreed to take up discussions on the bill on december 27.
meanwhile, lok sabha passed the consumer protection bill, 2018, which seeks to protect rights of consumers and redress their grievances.
two bills passed in lower house amid dinspeaker sumitra mahajans tough stand on frequent disruptions seemingly had the desired impact, as mallikarjuna kharge, the leader of opposition in the house, promised to participate in the discussion on the bill against the practice of triple talaq on december 27.
amid the din over the rafale deal and other issues raised by the opposition, the lower house passed two bills following brief discussion in the latter half of thursday.
new delhi: worried about the high number of pending cases in courts, union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad has appealed to his cabinet colleagues to ensure that court cases are filed after taking a careful and considered view since the government is party in nearly 46 per cent of the cases.
prasad, in his letter, said the government must cease to be a compulsive litigant and the judiciary has to spend lot of time in tackling cases where the government is a party.
urging ministries to take steps to separate frivolous matters on the basis of merit, prasad said, burden on judiciary can only be reduced if cases are filed after taking a careful and considered view.
take quick steps to either withdraw or dispose of them speedily.
he noted that steps should be taken to discourage government staff from going for litigation in frivolous matters.
prasad has written a similar letter to all chief ministers and asked them to take measures to reduce the burden on the judiciary.
the law ministry is also working on a national litigation policy to address the issue.
the law minister has also asked all ministries and states to submit compliance reports on a quarterly basis on reducing pendency.
i am directing the secretary justice to hold meetings with all ministries/departments to review this matter regularly, he added.
new delhi: union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad on tuesday asserted that the supreme court has permitted delivery of many pro-poor benefits through the application of adhaar card adding that though it is important to have adhaar, it is not mandatory for the receipt of any governments benefit.
i would not make any comment on the pending challenge on the adhaar in the supreme court.
but this is required to be clarified that the supreme court itself has permitted delivery of many pro-poor benefits to the poor by the application of adhaar.
but adhaar is not meant to be mandatory for the receipt of this mandate, said prasad.
he further said that if adhaar is not available, other identity proofs like a driving license or the ration card can be used to avail government benefits.
we have taken care of the peoples privacy and security through the law passed by parliament, he said.
on monday, union human resource and development (hrd) minister prakash javadekar said the use of adhaar for mid-day meal schemes in school has been initiated to check malpractices and ensure in transparency.
javadekar said the motive is to ensure that children are not denied mid-day meals.
the hrd minsiter said we want to bring transparency and want children to get mid-day meal.
but we don't want fraudulent activities to take place under its garb.
as far as mid-day meal and aadhaar link is concerned, i have made clear in parliament that no genuine student will be denied mid-day meal in any case, only on the ground that they don't have aadhaar.
we will give mid-day meal scheme to all students and also aadhaar card to all students, he added.
the hrd ministry made the unique identification number mandatory earlier this month for the students in order to avail mid-day meal scheme.
new delhi: following attorney general mukul rohatgis statement that everybody, including the judiciary, must recognise there is a lakshman rekha that ought not to be crossed, bharatiya janata party (bjp) leader subramanian swamy on sunday demanded the top lawyer be sacked immediately for his inane remark.
sack the attorney general for his inane remark on lakshman rekha.
not only he is crass in court craft but does not know why sita crossed it, swamy tweeted.
after chief justice of india ts thakur pointed out that there are 500 judges posts lying vacant in high courts, rohatgi yesterday said that everybody, including the judiciary, must recognise that there is a boundary that should not to be crossed.
all including judiciary must recognise there is lakshman rekha and be ready for introspection.
self-restraint is important, he said.
earlier in the day, cji thakur emphasised that the prime minister narendra modi-led government's attitude was lackadaisical from the very issue of filling vacancies to providing adequate infrastructure.
stating that there are 500 judges' posts lying vacant in high courts, thakur said that courtrooms are lying vacant without judges.
he further said that in principle, the judiciary was not against the formation of tribunals because it would relieve court duties, but the problem arose from the lack of adequate infrastructure provided to the tribunals.
tribunals are not equipped and are lying empty.
today a situation has come that when no retired supreme court judge wants to head the tribunal.
i am pained to send my retired colleagues there.
government is not ready to give proper facilities.
vacancy apart from infrastructure is a major concern for the tribunal, thakur said.
meanwhile, stating he respectfully disagrees with thakur, union law and justice minister ravishankarprasad prasad said the government has so far appointed 120 high court judges, adding this is the second highest number of appointments in the history of the country's judicial system.
we have got the highest regard for the cji, but we respectfully disagree with him.
this year we have made 120 appointments.
this is the second highest after 121 were appointed in 2013.
since 1990 there had only been 80 appointments, prasad, who was also present at the event, told the media later.
prasad also said that the supreme court has failed to make the memorandum of procedure (mop), a document to guide appointment of judges to higher judiciary, more transparent and reasonable despite repeated requests from the government.
but for the larger issue of appointment is concerned, there is a supreme court decision of making the mop more transparent, objective, reasonable, fair and the government's stand is pending for more than three months and we are yet to hear from the supreme court, he said.
responding to justice thakur's claim that there is a lack of adequate infrastructure provided to the tribunals, prasad said, as far as infrastructure is concerned, it is a continuous process.
so many tribunal courts are there.
but we need to understand that every retired supreme court judge cannot be given the same bungalow of the same size, there is land constraint also.
the centre and the top court have been at war since the supreme court struck down the national judicial appointments commission (njac) act, which was brought in to end more than 20-year-old practice of judges appointing judges under the collegium system, with government having no say in the process.
prime minister narendra modi with chief justice of india justice j s khehar lighting the lamp at the closing ceremony of the sesquicentennial celebrations of allahabad high court, in uttar pradesh on sunday.
(pti)allahabad: prime minister narendra modi today assured chief justice j s khehar that his government will make all efforts to back his resolve to reduce burden on the judiciary and pendency of cases.
i assure the chief justice that government will back his 'sankalp' (resolve) to bring down the burden on the judiciary and reduce pendency of cases, he said in his address at the sesquicentennial celebrations marking 150 years of the allahabad high court.
noting that he felt that there was an element of pain in the speech of justice khehar, modi said the government had done away with 1200 old laws to find a way out of the maze of the statues and also help the judiciary in modernising the system.
he asked the people working on startups to bring about innovations to strengthen the judicial system.
the prime minister lauded the steps being taken by the chief justice to make use of technology in simplifying the working in the courts and bring about qualitative change.
watch below:modi also said video conferencing should be used for deposition made in courts by those facing trial, the witnesses and officials to prevent wastage of time and money.
he appealed to the judiciary, the government and the people to make 2022, the 75th year of independence, a target year to take the country to greater heights.
earlier addressing the gathering, justice khehar raise the issue of pendency of cases in courts including the supreme court and said he was taking steps to reduce the burden on the judiciary.
he asked the judges to consider sitting in courts for five days during vacation to clear at least 10 cases each day and bring down the pendency.
this way thousands of small matters like matrimonial disputes and mediation cases can be settled and arrears of cases brought down he said and referred to a system of court management under which pendency of cases in malaysia had been brought down to one-fifth.
he said he proposes to have three constitution benches during this summer vacation to help reduce the arrears in the apex court.
on the issue of simplification of procedure, justice khehar said he is making efforts to make the system paperless in the supreme court in a month or so.
the gathering was attended by up and west bengal governors ram naik and k n tripathi, union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad, up chief minister yogi adtiyanath, allahabad high court cji dilip b bhosale and members from the legal fraternity.
by online deskthe three-member election commission on wednesday rejected the demand from 22 opposition parties to first verify voter paper trail (vvpat) slips before counting of votes for the lok sabha elections 2019 on thursday.
the poll body held the crucial meeting after the parties approached it on tuesday over reports of alleged evm tampering and calling for transparency in the counting process.
also, protests erupted in uttar pradesh on tuesday after videos of alleged movement and tampering of evms went viral on social media.
former president pranab mukherjee also stepped in to say that the onus is on the ec to put all speculation around these machines to rest.
the congress also said the ec should take immediate and effective steps to address the complaints of movement of evms from strongrooms in various parts of the country.
dismissing as frivolous and unfounded the allegations of evm tampering, the ec said the voting machines used for the seven-phase polls that began on april 11 and ended on may 19 are absolutely safe in strongrooms.
amid allegations and complaints that fresh evms were being switched with those used in elections ahead of counting of votes on thursday, the commission came out with a statement to emphatically and unambiguously clarify that all such reports and allegations are absolutely false, and factually incorrect.
it said the visuals available on tv and social media do not pertain to any evms used during the polls.
exit polls on sunday projected that the nda will retain power at the centre.
follow our full election coverage herealready locked in a battle with the ec over the reliability of the evms, the opposition also got fresh ammunition to press for their demand of increasing the tallying the paper trail of votes (vvpats) with evm figures and submitted a memorandum to the poll panel.
in the memorandum, leaders of 22 opposition parties including from the congress, the dmk, the tdp and the bsp demanded that the verification of vvpat slips of randomly identified five polling stations in an assembly segment should be done prior to the initiation of counting of votes and not after the completion of last round of counting.
if any discrepancy is found anywhere during the vvpat verification, 100  counting of paper slips of vvpats of all polling stations of that assembly segment should be done, the memorandum stated.
the meeting came on a day the supreme court dismissed a pil seeking 100 per cent matching of vvpat slips with the evms.we are asking the ec to respect the mandate of people.
it cannot be manipulated, telugu desam party (tdp) chief n chandrababu naidu told reporters.
wading into the controversy over the evms, mukherjee, in a rare intervention after demitting office in 2017, said there can be no room for speculation that challenges the very basis of indian democracy.
he expressed concern over the alleged tampering of voters' verdict, saying the onus of ensuring institutional integrity lies with the election commission, which should put all speculation to rest.
i am concerned at reports of alleged tampering of voters' verdict.
the safety and security of evms which are in the custody of eci is the responsibility of the commission, mukherjee, a former congress stalwart, said in a statement posted on his twitter handle.
as political parties directed their leaders, candidates and workers to remain extra vigilant in all districts where evms have been stored, mukherjee said people's mandate is sacrosanct and has to be above any iota of reasonable doubt.
the onus of ensuring institutional integrity, in this case, lies with the election commission of india.
they must do so and put all speculation to rest, he said.
mukherjee on monday had lauded the ec for conducting the lok sabha polls perfectly.
the bjp on its part condemned the opposition parties for questioning the credibility of the evms and asked them to accept their defeat with grace if people vote prime minister narendra modi-led government to power again.
bjp leader and law minister ravishankarprasad prasad took a swipe at the opposition, saying evms were fine when its leaders like mamata banerjee, n chandrababu naidu, amarinder singh and arvind kejriwal win elections and come to power but they turn unreliable when it appears that modi will come back to power.
bsp leader satish chandra mishra alleged there is large-scale bungling relating to evms in uttar pradesh.
we demand deployment of central forces.
the opposition parties also raised concerns over the transportation of evms ahead of counting of votes and urged the ec to probe the issue.
as the videos of alleged movement and tampering of evms went viral on social media, workers of various parties held protests in ghazipur, chandauli and dumariyaganj, alleging that evms were being moved around outside strongrooms.
congress spokesperson rajeev shukla said complaints about the movement of evms are coming from various parts of the country.
in uttar pradesh, bihar, haryana, punjab -- there are complaints of taking out the evms from strongrooms from various places.
people's suspicion and anger are increasing, he said.
the reason that was being given was these were the reserve machines, but even then, the evms should be shown to the candidates' representatives, he added.
up's chief electoral officer venkateshwarlu allayed fears of tampering of evms.there are cctv cameras installed in strong rooms.
candidates are allowed to keep a watch on strong rooms through their representatives.
all apprehensions are unfounded, he said.
by ptinew delhi: former delhi chief minister madan lal khurana's mortal remains were consigned to the flames sunday evening, with several top politicians paying homage to the veteran bjp leader.
the delhi government, as mark of respect, has declared a two-day state-mourning following his death.
khurana (82) is survived by his wife, a son and two daughters.
one of his sons had died last month.
a bharatiya janata party (bjp) veteran, khurana was the chief minister of delhi from 1993 to 1996 and was appointed the governor of rajasthan in 2004.
his son, harish khurana, said his father breathed his last at his kirti nagar residence around 11 pm saturday.
vice president m venkaiah naidu, union finance minister arun jaitley, home minister rajnath singh, external affairs minister sushma swaraj, delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal paid tributes to khurana.
union ministers ravishankarprasad prasad, harsh vardhan, kalraj mishra and vijay goel, and delhi bjp chief manoj tiwari also paid their respects to former chief minister.
later, the last journey of khurana was carried out from the delhi bjp office to nigambodh ghat where last rites were performed in the evening.
early in the day, president ram nath kovind, vice president m venkaiah naidu and prime minister narendra modi were among those who expressed grief on the demise of khurana.
sad to hear of the passing of shri madan lal khurana.
as chief minister of delhi, governor of rajasthan and union minister, he contributed immensely to public life and particularly to the well-being of the national capital and its people (sic), kovind said in a tweet.
vice president naidu also condoled the death of khurana.
deeply saddened by demise of former chief minister of delhi, shri madan lal khurana.
he will be remembered for his immense contribution for growth & development of delhi.
my heartfelt condolences to his bereaved family members and pray for his soul rest in peace.
#madanlalkhurana, he tweeted.
modi said khurana worked tirelessly for the progress of delhi.
anguished by the passing away of shri madan lal khurana ji.
he worked tirelessly for the progress of delhi, particularly towards ensuring better infrastructure.
he distinguished himself as a hardworking and people-friendly administrator, both in the delhi government and centre, the prime minister tweeted.
in another tweet, he said, shri madan lal khurana ji will always be remembered for the manner in which he strengthened the bjp in delhi.
he made unwavering efforts towards serving the post-partition refugees in delhi.
my thoughts and solidarity with his family and supporters.
learnt of the unfortunate demise of former delhi chief minister and bjp leader madan lal khurana.
he will be remembered as an ideal swayamsevak and a dedicated vidyarthi parishad worker and a strong pillar of the jan sangh and the bjp, bjp chief amit shah tweeted in hindi.
lt governor anil baijal and delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal also expressed grief on khurana's death.
in a tweet, union minister dharmendra pradhan said, deeply pained to hear about the demise of former chief minister of delhi and veteran leader madan lal khurana ji.
my condolences to the bereaved family and prayers for the departed soul.
defence minister nirmala sitharaman too condoled the demise of the former delhi chief minister.
condolences on the passing away of shri.
madanlal khurana, former cm of delhi.
may god give strength to his family, @harishkhuranna and all party workers to bear with this loss, she tweeted.
by ptichennai: amid reports of talks between aiadmk and bjp for a tie-up to fight the lok sabha polls in tamil nadu, the state ruling party on friday said a decision on finalising an alliance with various parties will be taken soon.
a good, cordial decision will be taken in a day or two, aiadmk coordinator o panneerselvam told reporters here when asked whether an alliance between his party and the bjp was being firmed up.
separately, union minister and senior bjp leader ravishankarprasad prasad and the party's state unit chief tamilisai soundararajan expressed confidence of stitching a powerful combine in the state.
panneerselvam, who is also the deputy chief minister, said the aiadmk was continuing talks with national and state parties on stitching an alliance for the parliamentary polls, but did not name any party.
their remarks came a day after union minister piyush goyal, party election in-charge for tamil nadu, said, all possibilities are under consideration and discussions.
at the right time, we will give you the good news.
he had held talks late thursday night with senior aiadmk leader and minister p thangamani, considered close to chief minister edappadi k palaniswami.
when asked if his party will seek support from top actor rajinikanth, panneerselvam evaded a direct reply and merely said, the election victory will prove that people are with the aiadmk.
speaking to reporters in madurai, prasad said, it is going to be a powerful alliance of nda in tamil nadu.
bjp would be finalising its 'strategic partner' very soon and it is a very 'strong, effective, and resurgent' nda which will take on the congress and dmk.
also read| will go alone in lok sabha elections if congress, others also do so: aiadmksoundararajan claimed parties that were not part of the dmk-congress combine will be joining hands with the bjp and other potential allies to form a robust alliance.
very soon, in two to three days the decision on coalition will be announced, she said adding that talks were going on smoothly and in the 'right direction,' and a 'sweet news' could be expected soon.
prasad, union minister for law and justice, said people of tamil nadu too, like the rest of the country wanted narendra modi to be prime minister again.
i am sure the bjp by itself will cross 300 seats and along with nda it is going to be 350 plus minimum, he claimed.
the minister termed the opposition's proposed 'mahagathbhandhan' (grand alliance) a spurious opportunistic alliance saying, their only agenda was to remove modi.
who is their leader?
not known.
what is their programme?
not known.
but they have only one agenda that is to remove narendra modi (from office), he said.
by ptinew delhi: the digital communications commission (dcc) -- the apex decision-making body of the telecom department -- thursday cleared norms for 5g trials in india, even as the government mulls a calibrated view on the question of chinese giant huawei's participation.
a decision on the contentious issue of the use of huawei equipment in telecom infrastructure, particularly for futuristic 5g networks, is expected to be taken soon, said a senior government official who did not wish to be named.
the official asserted that india will take a considered view on the matter maximising its self-interest.
when contacted, telecom secretary aruna sundararajan said: .
.
it will be a calibrated decision.
we will ensure all security certifications, and there will be no compromise on security and equally, we will drive a hard bargain to ensure that there is space for indian intellectual property rights (iprs) in new 5g rollouts.
india is engaged with global original equipment manufacturers (oems) and india is also keeping track of global developments.
we believe this is a huge opportunity to create a platform for 5g with indian capabilities.
so whichever oem we partner with, one of the key considerations will be to see who will give us the best deal for indian start-ups, indian iprs and indian standards, she told reporters.
sources said a final decision will be taken soon keeping in view india's interest, capabilities, commercial and strategic requirements as well as overall geopolitical considerations.
last month, the trump administration had placed huawei and its affiliates on a blacklist, a move that barred the chinese telecom equipment major from purchasing parts and components from american firms without the us government's approval.
the us had subsequently relaxed some of the restrictions to reduce disruption for customers.
it minister ravishankarprasad prasad recently alluded to the issue, saying it was a complex matter and will be looked at seriously by india including security aspects.
huawei has maintained that its engagement with the indian government for 5g trials has been positive and hoped that the country will make its own independent decision on the issue.
meanwhile, the dcc has approved norms for spectrum allocation for 5g trials based on the recommendations of a dot-constituted committee chaired by iit kanpur director abhay karandikar.
the panel was tasked to give recommendations on the scope of 5g trials, as well as size, quantum, pricing and other aspects for offering experimental/trial spectrum.
the thrust of that is to ensure that in india, we are able to develop our own hardware devices and make available experimental spectrum on extremely liberal terms.
.
.
.
so it is being given for a period of one year, which is extendible as compared to 3 months which was the maximum period earlier, a source said.
there will be experimental and technology trial licences, applicable to all indian entities involved in research and development, incubation, experimentation, as also telecom service providers.
the licence fee has been pegged at rs 5,000 with the simplified clearance process.
it also entails a provision for 'deemed licence', aimed at promoting startups and facilitating ease of doing business.
asked when the allotment of spectrum for 5g trials will take place, the source said it will happen soon.
also, it was decided that common services centres (cscs) will leverage the fibre network in one lakh gram panchayats -- under bharatnet -- and start delivering services including maintaining wi-fi hotspots and connecting development institutions.
the dcc also approved a proposal pertaining to the implementation of bharatnet in public-private partnership (ppp) mode.
linking up to homes, linking up to development institutions and linking up to towers will be a focus on bharatnet in ppp mode, the source added.
new delhi: microsoft ceo satya nadella on wednesday announced the integration of skype and aadhaar to launch the skype lite for low speed mobile internet connections, which will be supported by aadhaar and will enable technology that can empower people and organisations.
at a keynote address on day two of future decoded event, nadella said that one can chat with 'aadhaar verified' users on both the regular skype app and the new skype lite app while interacting for job interviews, government services and other services.
your next skype job interview might need aadhaar verification.
you can soon enter your aadhaar number over skype to verify yourself for an interview.
the service can be extended for government services as well, said nadella.
the aadhaar data will be deleted automatically from the device once the aadhaar verified skype chat is over, he added.
talking about the phenomenal entrepreneurial energy in india, which is transforming very rapidly, nadella said, it is phenomenal and exciting to see state bank of india wanting to move to hybrid cloud infrastructure.
he added that the finance sector is also undergoing digital transformation which is why the state bank of india (sbi) has opted for the cloud, and will be adopting office 365.
he also applauded the efforts of andhra pradesh, cm n. chandrababu naidu who has taken bold decisions to make the state a first cloud state.
they will use cloud services to help service citizens of the state, added nadella.
giving example of automobile industry and how some of these firms are relying on the microsoft cloud to change their business, he applauded tata motors who will be joining microsoft on the cloud.
they will build the ability to collect data, rendezvous with the cloud, reshape the maintenance, warranty and more importantly the experience of the driver, he said.
i had a chance to meet an entrepreneur who is reshaping healthcare.
this entrepreneur is using data to reshape diagnostic capabilities.
the fact that diabetes can be monitored in a more effective manner can reshape healthcare, he added.
however, on tuesday, nadella and flipkart announced their partnership on the cloud as flipkart will be exclusively using microsoft azure as its public cloud.
nadella also met with prime minister narendra modi and it minister ravishankarprasad prasad, assuring the government of its initiatives in healthcare and education.
nadella also participated in a round table at niti aayog, tapping into cloud computing for good governance in the country.
by ptinew delhi: it minister ravishankarprasad prasad today came out in strong defence of aadhaar, saying the world's largest biometric identification programme has already established its usefulness and benefit for over 121-crore unique id number holders.
refusing to be drawn into a hypothetical question on government's action plan in case supreme court (sc) decision did not go in favour of aadhaar, prasad - also the minister for law and justice - said the team of aadhaar lawyers has made arguments with proof and that benefits of the programme were for everyone to see.
the question is hypothetical the judgement (on the case) is reserved but i believe our aadhaar team lawyers have argued it with proof, and aadhaar has already established its benefits for the public, prasad said at a conference to highlight the four years' achievement of his ministry.
the comments come at a time when the supreme court has reserved its verdict on a batch of pleas challenging the aadhaar act and the use of biometric identifier in various government and non-government services.
seeking to draw a distinction between aadhaar initiative of the modi government and the previous manmohan singh-led upa government, prasad said aadhaar today has a robust law backing it.
let us see the difference between narendra modi government's aadhaar and that of manmohan singh.
the old aadhaar was niradhar (without basis) there was no legislative support to that platform.
today, aadhaar has a robust parliamentary law, prasad said.
while only 61 crore aadhaar had been generated up to 2014, the number jumped to over 121 crore as on june 16, 2018.
as many as 59.
15 crore indians have linked 87.
79 crore bank accounts with the aadhaar, the it minister said.
nearly rs 4 lakh crore has been disbursed as direct benefit transfer to poor people which has led to savings of rs 90,000 crore by removing fictitious beneficiaries in the last four years, he asserted.
we will make aadhaar robust, the minister pointed out.
by aninew delhi: union minister ravishankarprasad prasad introduced the aadhaar and other laws (amendment) bill, 2019 in lok sabha on monday.
the bill proposes the voluntary use of aadhaar as an identity proof for opening bank accounts as well as procuring mobile phone connections.
also, union home minister amit shah will table the jammu and kashmir reservation (amendment) bill, 2019 which proposes to give reservation in government jobs and educational institutions to those living within 10 km of the international border in jammu on a par with people living along the line of control in kashmir.
on the first day of the lok sabha session on june 21, the modi government, in its second tenure, introduced the controversial triple talaq bill, amidst stiff opposition from congress and muslim majlis after a division was pressed opposing the tabling of the measure.
the parliament's budget session, which began on june 17, will continue till july 26.
the economic survey will be presented on july 4 followed by the union budget for 2019-20 on july 5.
new delhi: amid blowing of conch and beatings of drums, the bjp headquarter has turned into a sea of festivities, with saffron flag of the outfit fluttering in scores of party workers.
union ministers are making a beeline to give bytes and also lauded the hard work of party chief amit shah, besides stating firmly that the development agenda of the prime minister narendra modi has been endorsed by the people.
the unprecedented victory of the bjp as indicated by the early trends appears to have electrified the mood of the party workers.
union ministers and a number of supporters of amit shah seem struggling to control their jubilation.
the victory belongs to the poor people of the country who have shown faith in prime minister narendra modi and his development agenda.
dalits have also shown with the verdict that the bjp is the only party which could fulfil their aspirations.
the modi government will firmly stay on path of development, said union minister piyush goyal, who struggled to make himself audible amidst sloganeering and fire-crackers drowning his soft voice.
union minister ravishankarprasad prasad termed the impending verdict historical, saying even in punjab people don't seem to have rejected the nda in the manner as had been projected.
in all states, the people have backed the bjp in an unprecedented manner.
even people in manipur have shown faith in the bjp.
this verdict is against the negative politics of the opposition parties and their campaign against prime minister narendra modi.
the time has come for them to introspect, said prasad.
bjp chief's key aide and party general secretary bhupinder yadav claimed that the people have endorsed the modi government's decision on demonetization and rejected the opposition parties for campaigning against action against black money.
by express news servicenew delhi: amid opposition protests in the lok sabha, the government on friday introduced the contentious triple talaq bill, which proposes to criminalise the practice of instant divorce among muslims.
the opposition contested its introduction, suggesting it be first referred to a committee for wider consultations.
with the opposition refusing to yield, lok sabha speaker om birla put the question of introduction to vote.
after 186 ayes and 74 nays decided the matter, birla allowed union minister of law and justice ravishankarprasad prasad to present the legislation.
speaking in its favour, prasad said the bill aims to ensure justice to women belonging to the muslim community.
however, congress member shashi tharoor claimed it was a textbook case of class discrimination against muslims, adding he was opposed to making triple talaq a crime.
abandoning the spouse is not restricted to the muslim community alone, he reasoned.
so, why shouldnt it be universal law, which could provide total protection to women belonging to all communities, tharoor reasoned.
aimim mp from hyderabad asaduddin owaisi said the bill violates articles 14 and 15 of the constitution.
if a muslim man is arrested for allegedly practising triple talaq, how would he be able to provide allowance to his wife, which is mandated by the bill, he asked.
owaisi also sought a level playing field, saying the bill prescribes jailing erring muslim men for up to three years, though non-muslim men committing a similar offence would get only one year in jail.
during narendra modis first tenure as prime minister, the government steamrolled the talaq bill in the lok sabha but failed to introduce it in the rajya sabha despite softening its initial version.
another casea 32-year-old man from bhiwandi in thane district was booked on friday for giving triple talaq.
the police also filed firs against his family members for allegedly harassing his wife for dowry.
by express news servicebjp on sunday hit out at the congress lawmaker shashi tharoor as his statement stirred up a controversy with a new analogy on prime minister narendra modi -- one that he attributed to an rss source of a journalist.
reacting over tharoors remarks on prime minister narendra modi and shiv linga, the bjp asked congress chief rahul gandhi whether he supports his party leader's comments.
the party, seeking a response from gandhi, said he should apologise to hindus if he does not support the statements made by his party mp tharoor.
the bjp's reaction came a day after tharoor reportedly claimed an unnamed rss source had told a journalist that prime minister modi was like a scorpion sitting on a shiv linga who cannot be removed by hand or hit with a chappal (slipper).
the congress claims to represent the heritage of mahatma gandhi, jawaharlal nehru and indira gandhi.
today, under the presidentship of rahul gandhi it has been reduced to hurling abuses and the worst form of civil discourse, union minister ravishankarprasad prasad said.
prasad said while he would not like to comment on tharoor's remarks against whom a charge sheet has been filed in a murder case, but he would like to know where rahul gandhi, who claims to be a shiv bhakt, stands on the issue.
gandhi claims to be a shiv bhakt now he should make it clear whether he supports tharoor's remarks which are an insult to lord shiva.
if he does not support the remarks he should apologise to hindus, prasad said.
the whole nation is watching .
.
.
while rahul gandhi who claims himself to be a shiv bhakt, one of his small leader has almost abused the sanctity of shiv linga and lord mahadev by referring to chappal attack through named sources.
please reply to this very horrific denunciation of lord mahadev, he said.
earlier, hinting that the prime minister has reached beyond the limits of the right-wing organisation, shashi tharoor said that the change in pm modis personality over the years has not gone down well with the ruling partys parent organisation.
by iansnew delhi: with ram jethmalani, an accomplished criminal lawyer and politician with an illustrious inning passing away in delhi on sunday, condolences poured in from all quarters.
not just the prime minister and bjp president amit shah, but former prime minister dr manmohan singh too expressed his condolences.
deep condolences on the demise of shri ram jethmalani.
in his death india has lost an eminent jurist, an able administrator and a seasoned parliamentarian, said the senior congress leader in a statement.
congress president sonia gandhi too has extended condolences to jethmalani's family and friends.
paying rich tribute, union defence minister rajnath singh said in a tweet: deeply saddened by the demise of former union minister and eminent lawyer, shri ram jethmalani ji.
blessed with knowledge and intelligence he made noteworthy contribution to lawmaking and pubic life.
my heartfelt condolences to his bereaved family.
also read: ram jethmalani - doyen of criminal law and politician with colourin a series of tweet, vice president venkaiah naidu said: deeply saddened to learn about the demise of shri ram jethmalani, former union minister, a legal luminary & one of the brilliant minds of bharat.
in his passing away the nation has lost a distinguished jurist, a great intellectual & a patriot, who was active till his last breath.
calling him a 'dear friend', naidu recounted his long association with him.
bjp's working president jp nadda called it irreparable loss to the society.
meanwhile, delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal tweeted, saddened to hear the news of passing away of eminent lawyer & former union law minister shri ram jethmalani.
he was a legend of bar and inspiration for many lawyers.
his vast experience and knowledge will be missed.
interestingly, jethmalani made news for having sent the delhi government a bill of over 1.
5 crore for appearing for chief minister arvind kejriwal in a defamation suit.
union minister for law and justice, communications and electronics and information technology, ravishankarprasad prasad also took to micro-blogging site and said: deeply condole the passing away of the veteran lawyer and former law minister ram jethmalani.
his brilliance, eloquence, powerful advocacy and sound understanding of law will remain a worthy example in legal profession.
my profound condolences.
also read: when ram jethmalani explained article 370 to pm narendra modi in 2014the legal fraternity too was forthcoming in its expression of grief and sorrow.
indira jaising tweeted: ram jethmalani is no more , we belonged to the same town shikurpur sind.
we had a common dream, to see india and pakistan friends, that was his unfinished agenda, he was there for everyone who needed him including afzal guru.
our politics differed but we loved each other rip.
another legal luminary and congress leader kapil sibal said, ram jethmalani is no more.
a crusader in both law and politics he stood steadfastly for the causes he took up.
his knowledge in criminal law was matched by none.
he was also a bundle of affection.
the nation has lost a great son.
may his soul rest in peace.
abhishek manu singhvi, another top legal eagle tweeted: ram jethamalani was also very fond of music.
attended many of my wife's concerts.
she would end most by singing damadam mast kalandar, a song with a special affinity for sindhis.
at one concert in kamani, ram got up & started dancing to this song, roping in many more from the audience to do so!
view gallery: here are 10 high profile cases handled by eminent lawyer ram jethmalanibjp's rajya sabha mp, the very outspoken subramanian swamy said, my friend turned foe turned very good friend ram jethmalani passed away today at 95 years age.
farewell friend.
ram jethmalani passed away on sunday at his residence at the age of 96.
he made many friends, angered many and also patched up with some.
but he left a mark on whoever he met.
the overwhelming condolence messages full of personal anecdotes is only reminiscent of the life ram jethmalani lived.
by ptinew delhi: political leaders often switch parties before major polls in a bid to remain on the winning side, but that strategy does not appear to have worked in this lok sabha election as most turncoats failed to make it to parliament, election commission data showed friday.
over 75 candidates had switched sides before the election, hoping to push their chance to become members of parliament, but at least 47 of them lost.
actor-politician shatrughan sinha, who joined congress in april, lost by over 2.
84 lakh votes to bjp's ravishankarprasad prasad from the patna sahib constituency in bihar.
former jd(u) president sharad yadav, who contested on rjd ticket from madhepura, lost to dinesh chandra yadav of his former party by over 3 lakh votes.
tariq anwar, who switched from sharad pawar's nationalist congress party to congress, lost by over 57,000 votes from katihar.
cricketer-turned-politician kirti azad lost dhanbad, jharkhand, by over 4.
8 lakh votes.
he had joined the congress after quitting the bjp.
son of former union minister and veteran bjp leader jaswant singh, manvendra contested on congress ticket from the border district of barmer in rajasthan and lost by 3.
23 lakh votes from kailash choudhary of his previous party.
baijayant panda, a former bjd leader who contested this election as a bjp candidate, lost from kendrapara in odisha by over 1.
52 lakh votes.
former union minister panabaka lakshmi who switched to tdp from congress lost from tirupati in tamil nadu by 2.
28 lakh votes.
some turncoats, however, managed to win the general election.
bhojpuri actor ravi kishan shukla, who had contested on congress ticket in the last general election but joined the bjp in 2017, won from gorakhpur seat with a margin of over 3 lakh votes.
the seat was last represented in parliament by up chief minister yogi adityanath.
kunwar danish ali, who won the amroha seat as a bsp candidate, had switched from the jd(s).
ali won this seat by a margin of 63,248 votes.
in karnataka, three political leaders changed affiliations from congress to bjp, and two of them won the electoral battle.
umesh yadav defeated senior congress leader mallikarjun kharge in gulbarga while y devendrappa won bellary.
but from hassan, a manju lost by over 1.
41 lakh votes from prajwal revanna, grandson of former prime minister h d deve gowda.
in maharashtra, sujay vikhe patil, son of senior congress leader radhakrishna vikhe patil, had switched to bjp from congress.
he won with 2.
81 lakh votes in ahmednagar constituency of maharashtra.
suresh dhanorkar, who joined congress leaving shiv sena, defeated former union minister of state for home hansraj gangaram ahir by over 44,000 votes from chandrapur.
in nanded, pratap chikhalikar, a turncoat, defeated state congress chief and former chief minister ashok chavan by about 40,000 votes.
other major turncoat candidates who lost are aap candidate dharamvir gandhi from patiala in punjab, congress candidate naseemuddin siddiqui from bijnor up, savitri bai phule from bahraich in uttar pradesh and babu katara of congress from dahod in gujarat.
in west bengal, manas bhunia, apurba sarkar, kanialal agarwal, all former congress mlas who contested on tmc tickets, lost.
paresh adhikary and mafuja khatun, former mlas of forward bloc and cpi(m), contested as tmc and bjp candidates, respectively, lost.
anupam hazra and mausam noor, former mps of tmc and congress, fought the polls on bjp and tmc tickets, respectively.
they lost from jadavpur and malda north lok sabha seats, respectively.
by online deskin a sight that warmed that everyone's hearts, prominent women politicians on friday whirled in gay abandon.
usually seen making fiery speeches inside the parliament, these women netas let their hair down and had fun, proving that they know how to balance both work and fun!
in a video on twitter, union ministers harsimrat kaur badal, smriti irani, anupriya patel and mps kirron kher, kanimozhi, supriya sule can be seen holding hands and moving around in a circle.
the step is called 'kikkli'.
harmsimrat and irani then separate from the group and break into a giddying spin, which is a part of 'giddha' -- a popular punjabi folk dance.
life worked its magic on us yesterday afternoon, when a routine lunch became a trip to childhood.
@smritiirani @kirronkherbjp @anupriyaspatel @kanimozhidmk @supriya_sule pic.
twitter.com/peyjmezl7r  harsimrat kaur badal (@harsimratbadal_) february 1, 2019this candid moment was from an annual lunch thrown by union minister for food processing harsimrat, and her husband, former deputy chief minister of punjab, sukhbir singh badal on friday.
the lunch was hosted at the badals' residence in new delhi on the first day of the budget session.
union home minister rajnath singh, defence minister nirmala sitharaman, union ministers kiren rijiju, rajyavardhan singh rathore, ravishankarprasad prasad, lok sabha speaker sumitra mahajan, delhi bjp chief manoj tiwari, minister ram vilas paswan and ncp chief sharad pawar, were among the several leaders who attended the lunch.
harmsimrat kaur shared the video via her twitter handle: life worked its magic on us yesterday afternoon, when a routine lunch became a trip to childhood, wrote the minister.
twitterati were quick to respond, with many sharing their love and cheers for the ladies!
there were naysayers too who critiqued them for having fun while pressing issues were raging on in the country.
so cute!
what's the ocassion?
@smritiirani graduating again, this time from harvard .
abrar hussain (@abrarhu) february 1, 2019let there be more women in politics who work hard and play hard  badri partha (@narainnri) february 1, 2019wonderful.
eishwer bless all ladies.
(@bvsindhu) february 1, 2019wish you all show this camaraderie in addressing challenges faced by the nation!
!
you women can do it ma'me!
!
charkhastick (@charkhastick) february 1, 2019proudly called a democratic & incredible india !
!
different parties leaders are enjoyed together.
dr. swapnil patel (@swap7patel) february 2, 2019and you just happened to have 10 photographers on your random lunch?
sari duniya nu bewkoof samjya tusi?
progressive liberal (@ssandhu21) february 2, 2019we lost two of our young pilots today.
do you have any feelings for those mothers.
please call them once your fun, play is over respected mps.
mi.
.
.
ni (@monicanitin) february 1, 2019the politicians seemed to have had a gala time playing dhols, listening to gurdas maan songs and having authentic punjabi food.
makki di roti and sarson da saag was among the fare they were treated to.
it sure is refreshing to see our politicians bond and make merry.
a sight we want more of, wouldn't you agree?
new delhi: attorney general mukul rohatgi has urged the government to junk a rule which bars him from giving legal advice to various ministries without involving the law ministry, saying it delays decision-making on important matters.
rohatgi has also said the rule which requires law officers to give legal opinion to various central ministries and departments only when the issue is referred to them by the law ministry runs contrary to constitutional provisions.
in a recent letter to law minister ravishankarprasad prasad, the top law officer said various ministries, departments and even ministers have declined to route their requests for his legal opinion through the law ministry due to urgency of the matter.
copies of the letter have been sent to finance minister arun jaitley and nripendra mishra, the principal secretary to the prime minister.
he said if every such proposal was routed through the law ministry, the entire work would come to a grinding halt and no urgent remedial measure could be taken since the law ministry takes it own time.
rohatgi made it clear that while he is not blaming ministry officials for the delay, the procedure is such that it is bound to take time.
referring to rule 8(e) of the law officers (condition of services) rules, 1972, he said it provides that unless a reference is received from the law ministry, no advice will be given to any ministry or department.
rohatgi said the rule runs contrary to article 76 of the constitution which states that it shall be the duty of the attorney general to give advice to the government of india upon such legal matters, and to perform such other duties of a legal character, as may from time to time be referred or assigned to him by the president.
he urged the government to revoke the rule at the earliest.
by express news servicenew delhi: the bjp has constituted its parliamentary executive with defence minister rajnath singh staying as the partys deputy leader in the lok sabha even while the baton of leadership in the rajya sabha has been handed over to union ministers thawarchand gehlot and piyush goyal.
the first meeting of the bjp parliamentary executive will be held on sunday, a day before the first session of the 17th lok sabha convenes.
prime minister narendra modi will be the leader of the house in the lok sabha.
with senior leader arun jaitley keeping away from parliament proceedings due to health reasons, the leadership of the party in the upper house has been handed over to union minister for social justice and empowerment gehlot, with goyal as his deputy.
law minister ravishankarprasad prasad was the deputy leader in the rajya sabha earlier, but he is now a member of the lok sabha.
the bjp parliamentary party has also appointed 18 whips in the lok sabha, including two women members.
the whips have been assigned mps for specific states for closer coordination.
there will be six whips for the rajya sabha.
the 16th lok sabha proceedings had, on a number of occasions, seen lukewarm participation of mps.
eleven union ministers are special invitees to the parliamentary party executive.
six special invitee ministers for the lok sabha include nitin gadkari, ravishankarprasad prasad, arjun munda, narendra singh tomar, smriti irani and jual oram.
j p nadda, om prakash mathur, nirmala sitharaman, dharmendra pradhan and prakash javadekar are special invitees from the rajya sabha.
by express news servicenew delhi: the union cabinet on wednesday gave its nod for the constitution of a high-level steering committee to review and monitor the progress on sustainable developmental goals (sdgs).
it also approved proposal for the setting up of institutes of skilling under the public private partnership (ppp) mode.
india along with other countries signed the declaration on the 2030 agenda for sustainable development, comprising of 17 sdgs at the sustainable development summit of the united nations in september 2015.
ending poverty, providing quality education, gender equality, climate action, and clean water and sanitation are some of the sdgs.
the cabinet decision to constitute the steering committee on sdgs would formalise the monitoring of the work progress with the involvement of the chief statistician, besides other officials.
currently, the niti aayog coordinates work of various departments in taking steps to achieve the targets set for the millennial sustainable development goals spearheaded by the united nations.
in another decision, the cabinet approved the proposal for setting up of indian institute of skills (iiss) at different locations across the country in ppp mode, union minister ravishankarprasad prasad told reporters about the cabinet decisions.
the setting up of iiss shall augment the global competitiveness of key sectors of indian economy by providing high quality skill training, applied research education and a direct and meaningful connection with industry, the government said in a media statement.
the move aims to provide opportunity to youth across the country to have access to skilled training, besides enhancing the scope of accountability through its linkage with industry.
by leveraging advantages of private sector enterprise and public capital in terms of government land, the iiss would create new institutes of expertise, knowledge and competitiveness.
new delhi:as a donation of `50 lakh made by islamic preacher zakir naik to the rajiv gandhi foundation, a body headed by congress chief sonia gandhi, came to light, the bjp attacked the party saying it was a bribe paid by the controversial figure to shelter his anti-national activities.
senior cabinet minister, ravishankarprasad prasad questioned the congress as to why it did not return the donation, received in 2011 when its own government had expressed security concerns with regard to naiks channel, the peace tv.
prasad also raised doubts over the congress claim that it had been returned, saying the ngo has denied having received the money.
he noted that besides sonia being the rgfs chairperson, her son rahul gandhi, daughter priyanka gandhi, former prime minister manmohan singh and finance minister p chidambaram were among its members.
to buttress his charges, prasad quoted then minority affairs minister k rahman khans letter to i&b minister manish tewari in february 2013 in which he termed naik a renowned islamic scholar and sought government protection for him from campaigns run by a regional channel and a hindu group.
those lobbying for him were at high positions in congress.
why should not this apprehension be raised that this `50 lakh was a bribe to powers that be to shelter its illegal, anti-national activities, prasad said.
he added that a proper enquiry will be conducted.
there cannot be a more shameful thing for the congress to say that it had received money and returned.
.
.
whether the money has been returned or not is a matter between them.
but what is the source of money?
is there a violation of law?
it amounts to playing with national security.
he also sought to know if the gandhi family-run rgf was duly registered under the foreign contribution (regulation) act (fcra) and if it was allowed to accept contributions from another ngo.
by iansnew delhi: union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad on tuesday said the congress was running away from a debate on rafale as its party chief rahul gandhi cannot look the bjp in the eye and tell the truth if such a debate was to be held in parliament on the defence deal.
mr rahul gandhi, we are willing to have a debate in parliament on rafale deal.
don't run away from the debate.
the congress party today squandered a debate in lok sabha and rajya sabha, prasad told reporters outside parliament.
you owe an apology to the country as the supreme court today, after detailed analysis, has exposed the lies that were attempted to be spread in the country on the rafale jet deal.
i know why the congress is running away from the debate.
it is because if the debate happens, many skeletons in the cupboard of the congress party will come out in defence deals, he said.
the minister was responding to the congress chief's remarks who earlier said the government was scared of a probe in the rafale deal.
the congress and other opposition parties have been demanding a probe by a joint parliamentary committee (jpc) into the rs 59,000 crore rafale fighter jet deal with france.
prasad said a jpc cannot be formed to satisfy the ego of a half-learned leader.
moreover, they must come for a debate even for a jpc, he added.
he also took strong exception to gandhi's remarks who said he would not let prime minister narendra modi sleep.
this is a new low in the public discourse.
but nothing better is expected from rahul gandhi whose party ensured that people of the country did not sleep for 60 years due to corruption, malgovernance and patronage of selected people.
the entire saga of suffering of farmers is too well known, prasad said.
he also alleged that vijay mallya's loans were restructured during the congress-led upa government.
by ptibengaluru: the mortal remains of union parliamentary affairs minister ananth kumar were consigned to flames with full state honours here tuesday.
the funeral pyre was lit by kumar's younger brother nanda kumar, who performed the last rites according to smartha brahmin traditions, amidst chanting of vedic hymns by priests at the chamarajapete cremation ground.
chants of amar rahe, amar rahe, ananth kumar amar rahe and bharat mata ki jai rent the air as leaders paid homage and the mortal remains were consigned to flames.
read| ananth kumar's condition diagnosed only five months agoveteran bjp leader and former deputy prime minister l k advani, home minister rajnath singh, bjp chief amit shah, and state party chief b s yeddyurappa were present.
also in attendance were union ministers nirmala sitharaman, ravishankarprasad prasad, piyush goyal, dharmendra pradhan, mahesh sharma, vijay goel and sadananda gowda.
the 59-year old bangalore south mp, breathed his last during the early hours on monday at the sri shankara cancer hospital and research centre.
he was under care at the hospital after returning home in october following treatment in the us and britain.
by express news servicechennai: about 100 players in the age group of four to 25 years took part in sdat-akg 36th summer table tennis camp at the jawaharlal nehru stadium that ended on sunday.
they were trained by dronacharya awardee a srinivasa rao and nis, former india coach a muralidhara rao.
the duo were assisted by eight other coaches.
coaching was imparted to beginners, mid-level players and professionals.
this year, rahul, a professional coach from bengal, joined as a participant to learn and improve his skills.
mental fitness, yoga and psychological sessions were also held.
kalari and silambam sessions were taught by saravanan to improve the speed, dynamics and balance of the players.
av vidyasagar, secretary of tamil nadu table tennis association, was the chief guest at the valedictory function.
janakiraman shinestk janakiramans 5/26 helped garnet cc beat gurunanak combines by 17 runs in a second division match of the kancheepuram dca league.
brief scores: garnet cc 136 in 26 ovs (adithya 49; r ravishankarprasad 3/29, d muthu kumaran 3/33) bt gurunanak combines 119 in 26 ovs (g manikandan 48; tk janakiraman 5/26).
fine star cc 77 in 27.
2 ovs (s harish 4/22, k ganesh aravind 3/18) lost to venugopal rc 81/4 in 15.
5 ovs.
aadesh advancesaadesh kothari of q-lounge defeated the experienced rafath habib of railways 4-3 (57-32, 74-8, 42-55, 65-35, 9-72, 21-81, 41-34) in a thrilling round of 32 match of the svs club open snooker tournament on sunday.
results: rd of 32: shalouf (kerala) bt r girish (railways) 4-3; nitesh madan (railways) bt prabhu (gymkhana) 4-1; anuj uppal (delhi) bt saranraj (coimbatore) 4-0; s shrikrishna (svs club) bt sree deepadarshan (tnbsa) 4-0; daksh reddy (mcc) bt peter paul (railways) 4-1; varun kumar (mcc) bt sundarraj (towers club) 4-0; r loganathan (tnbsa) bt naveen (coimbatore) 4-3; bc karthik bt a arvind (railways) 4-2; adesh kothari (q-lounge) bt rafath habib (railways) 4-3; prem prakash (svs club) bt venkatesham (railways) 4-1; pandurangaiah (railways) bt abhinav (buddys) 3-1; hanish sharma (delhi) bt sa saleem 4-0; faisal khan (railways) bt kankan shamsi (up) 4-2.
rahul starsrahuls 4/38 came in handy for servion global solutions as they beat ashok leyland by four wickets in the gr kuppuswamy memorial league-cum-knockout tournament.
brief scores: ashok leyland 160/8 in 30 ovs (moinudeen 60, mukesh 30; rahul 4/38, kiran 3/34) lost to servion global solutions 161/6 in 25.
4 ovs (rajan 33).
mom: rahul.
ysca 113 in 28.
3 ovs (alfred sam jones 36; sriram 3/12, sachin 3/29) lost to accenture 114/4 in 17 ovs (ashok 37; g aravind 3/30).
mom: sachin sudhakartt umpire examthe tamil nadu table tennis association will be conducting a seminar on umpiring which will be followed by a written examination to identify candidates for umpiring, at the conference hall, jn stadium on may 26.
those who are interested can enroll by submitting the form with a demand draft for `500 in favour of tamil nadu table tennis association payable at chennai, before may 23.
by ptinew delhi: blockbuster movie 'uri' and its catchy dialogue how is the josh made its way to finance minister piyush goyal's budget speech friday.
during the presentation, goyal said he watched the movie and liked it very much.
also read | india to become usd 5-trillion economy in 5 years, usd 10 trillion in 8 years thereafter: fm piyush goyalthe movie 'uri: the surgical strike' is based on the 2016 surgical strikes carried out by the indian army on terror launch pads across the border after the attack on an army camp in uri in jammu and kashmir.
it was fun watching uri.
there was a lot of josh (energy) in the movie (uri movie mein jo maza aaya.
jo josh tha), he said.
this prompted many members, including law minister ravishankarprasad prasad to deliver the movie's dialogue how is the josh.
goyal used the word 'josh' twice in the budget.
several bjp leader and ministers have watched the movie.
prime minister narendra modi has also referred to the film's dialogue in his public speeches in recent days.
by express news servicenew delhi: the bharatiya janata party (bjp) on friday approached the supreme court seeking contempt action against congress president rahul gandhi alleging that he had misquoted the top courts order on the rafale fighter jet deal matter to create prejudice.
bjp mp meenakshi lekhi sought action against rahul for attributing his personal remarks on the recent verdict to the apex court.
a bench headed by chief justice ranjan gogoi will hear the plea on april 15.
senior advocate mukul rohatgi, appearing for lekhi, told the bench that rahul made a remark that the supreme court has said, chowkidaar chor hai in the verdict.
earlier, the bjp had accused rahul of gross contempt of court, saying that he attributed something to the sc, which it had never said.
the congress president probably doesnt read even half a paragraph of the courts order, but here, by saying that the court has said chowkidaar chor hai, it is verging on contempt of court, defence minister nirmala sitharaman had said in a press conference.
a day later, on thursday, the congress demanded resignations of sitharaman and law minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
by ianspatna: uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath has sought votes for union minister ravishankarprasad prasad, the bjp candidate from the patna sahib lok sabha constituency in bihar, in the name of ram temple and triple talaq.
ravi shankar prasad is the best advocate of ram temple and it was he who should be credited for the triple talaq bill.
give him your support and votes, yogi told an election meeting here on wednesday night.
yogi said lakhs of ram 'bhakts' needed a leader like prasad who had been fighting legally for the construction of a grand ram temple in ayodhya.
the chief minister urged muslim voters to support the bharatiya janata party (bjp) for the cause of triple talaq.
prasad is contesting the election after the bjp denied ticket to incumbent mp shatrughan sinha, who is now the congress candidate.
since 2012, prasad has been a rajya sabha member of the bjp from bihar.
new delhi: with controversy around tampering of evms, chief election commissioner nasim zaidi has written a fresh letter to law minister ravishankarprasad prasad seeking release of rs 3100 crore for procurement of paper trail voting machines so these can be used in general elections 2019.
the is the 13th letter that has gone from election commission to centre seeking release of funds for procurement of over 16 lakh machines needed to cover all polling stations during general elections.
the latest being sent on march 22 says that the process of procurement of evms with voter-verified paper audit trails (vvpats) cannot be delayed any longer given the prevailing environment.
the commission stands fully committed to deploy vvpats along with evms in all future elections so that transparency of electoral process is enhanced, integrity of the voting preserved and the voters' confidence in the process is further strengthened, said zaidi in his letter to prasad.
the bsp, sp, congress and aap have targeted the government over not releasing funds for vvpats and alleged that evms were tempered with during five state assembly elections.
the opposition has demanded that ec should revert to paper ballot system as evms can be tempered.
the government has repeatedly said that it is still considering the implementation parts of manufacturing vvpats as only two government companies manufacture it.
according to official figures, in 2015, 67000 vvpats were ordered but only 33000 have been received as there are only two psus which manufacture it.
citing the supreme court order of having vvpats, zaidi said that the order for supply of machines needs to be placed immediately as it will take 30 months from the date of release of funds for bharat electronics ltd and electronics corporation of india ltd to manufacture machines before 2019 general elections.
aadhaar is not becoming an instrument of identity but it is actually becoming an instrument of exclusion, said congress leader jairam ramesh.
| ptinew delhi: the opposition on monday attacked the government over making aadhaar mandatory saying it has lead to exclusion in society and people are being devoid of their entitlement under rural employment guarantee scheme, pension and ration under public distribution system.
speaking during short duration discussion, congress leader jairam ramesh said government is making aadhaar compulsorily mandatory voluntarily as they say that it is not mandatory but also added that benefits of social schemes will only be given if the benefactor has enrolled for aadhaar.
aadhaar is not becoming an instrument of identity but it is actually becoming an instrument of exclusion.
it is leading to significant exclusion in pds, in mahatama gandhi nrega and in old-age pension scheme, he said while citing examples of people being affected by it.
the former union minister said because of the pressure of targets that 100 percent seeding must be met, what is happening is that workers are being denied their wages on time.
it is a target-oriented approach, 100 percent seeding in every programme.
what sterilisation was to the emergency, aadhaar seeding is becoming to your government, he said.
trinamool leader derek obrien said that it is an issue of mental torture of the poorest of the poor and it breaches upon privacy of people and invades federal structure.
emphasising that data can be misued, brien said: the worlds largest data base is the us social security number.
they are asking you just the number.
here, face, hands, everything is open.
even the worlds biggest system wont share this biometrics.
and, who has this data?
some of them fly- by-night companies.
many other members raised privacy issues and why government wants to link all services to aadhar.
replying on the discussion, minister for information technology ravishankarprasad prasad said that if anyone does an unauthorized use, the law clearly provides that he can be prosecuted and convicted for three years.
aadhaar is linked with the jan dhan to provide direct subsidy to the account, direct benefit transfer.
we have saved rs.50,000 crores on this front, said prasad while ramesh said that the figure are misleading.
by ptinew delhi: law minister ravishankarprasad prasad thursday said the triple talaq bill, which seeks imprisonment for muslim men accused of instant divorce, is not about politics but empowerment and justice for women, as the lok sabha began a discussion on the contentious legislation.
amid a demand by opposition parties, including the congress and the trinamool congress, that the bill be sent to a select committee for study, prasad said the government has already taken note of concerns expressed by members earlier and amended the bill accordingly.
prasad told the lok sabha that the bill has made the offence compoundable, meaning that the case can be withdrawn if the man and his estranged wife reach a compromise and that only the wife and her close relatives can file an fri, ruling out the law's misuse.
don't weigh the bill on the scales of politics.
the bill is about humanity and justice, he said, urging lawmakers of different parties to speak in one voice to support the legislation.
parliament had earlier unanimously supported laws, including the one prescribing death in rape cases, aimed at giving justice to women, and the triple talaq bill is also a step towards justice for women, he said.
the speaker has given four hours for the debate on the bill.
rajesh kumar thakur byexpress news servicepatna: bihar's nda allies are hoping that they may get prominent berths in modi's next powerful cabinet and it is being speculated that the railway ministry might be allotted to one of them.
the state has the credit of having three successful railway ministers, including nitish kumar and ram vilas paswan,chief minister nitish kumar replying to a media query after thursday's landslide nda victory, replying to a media query, said that if pm narendra modi feels the need of accommodating allies in his cabinet, the party will discharge it's responsibility.
in the same way, ljp's chief of party's parliamentary board and jamui mp, chirag paswan, also reposed his faith in the pm and said the matter of ministry allocation will be decided by the pm.
meanwhile, speculation is high in the circle of nda's allies that railway ministry may come into the kitty of jdu.
it is almost sure that both jdu and ljp will get berths in the cabinet as pm narendra modi follows alliance-dharma honestly.
munger mp rajiv ranjan singh and jdu senior leader rcp singh may becme part of the modi cabinet and chirag paswan may get a ministry after his father ram vilas paswan, said some reliable nda sources.
the ljp has set a record of winning all the seats this time in bihar that gives the party a high claim of a cabinet berth.
sources hinted that the hrd ministry with independent charge may come to chirag paswan as he is a well educated young generation politician with a vision to improve education for mass empowerment of downtrodden people.
earlier, rlsp chief upendra kushwaha had been heading this ministry till he switched over to mahagathbandhan from the nda.
in the old cabinet, nine leaders of bihar namely ravishankarprasad prasad, giriraj singh, rk singh, radhamohan singh, ram kripal yadav, ashwani choubey, ram vilas paswan (all continued till next election) upendra kushwaha(quit and switched over in pre-poll alliance with mahagathbandhan) and rajiv pratap rudy (who left the ministry citing personal reason but continues in party and now retained his seat) were part of the central cabinet.
fortunately, all of them, except upendra kushwaha, have won their seats again under the modi's magic and have been elected to the parliament from their respective seats.
but bouyed over the record performance of bihar nda in the elections for 17th lok sabha with 39 seats out of 40, pm narendra modi may induct more mps from bihar in central cabinets from his own party, a senior bjp leader anticipated.
by ptinew delhi: indian entities that will supply us-origin technology components to chinese telecom major huawei may face penal action under american regulations, union minister ravishankarprasad prasad said in parliament wednesday.
any indian company which will act as a supplier of us-origin equipment, software, technology to huawei and its affiliates in entity list could be subject to penal action/sanction under us regulations, telecom minister prasad said in a written reply to the lok sabha.
he said that as per the information available till now, the department of commerce, usa, has added huawei technologies to the entity list on may 16, 2019, by amending the us export administration regulations.
huawei's inclusion in the entity list implies that us companies require prior export licence for sale of any equipment/software/technology to huawei, prasad said.
also read: huawei 5g marketing ban will continue, says trump's advisorthe us government has directed its companies, including google, not to supply software and hardware to huawei, alleging security risk from the company.
huawei has teamed up with vodafone idea to conduct 5g trials in india.
so far six proposals have been received which include proposals from china's zte and huawei.
also read: caught between us ban and china pleas, india in a quandary over huaweiany field trial in respect of 5g is to be carried out only through licensed telecom service providers in a restrictive, limited geographical area and for specific use case, prasad said.
he said a committee under principal scientific adviser (psa) has been constituted to give recommendations on various issues, including security, relating to 5g and technology trials in india.
india has offered to allow apple inc to import mobile handset components intended for use in local manufacturing tax free, a top government official said on tuesday.
the tax concessions will be subject to the condition of increasing local value addition over a period of time.
apple inc wants to expand its contract manufacturer's facility in the indian tech hub of bengaluru, ravishankarprasad prasad, the union minister for electronics and it, said on tuesday, as the iphone maker seeks a bigger share in one of the world's biggest smartphone markets.
cupertino, california-based apple last week started making iphone se at its taiwanese contract manufacturer wistron's plant in bengaluru.
apple, which sold over 50 million iphones in the march quarter, down 1 percent year-on-year, is looking for new markets as its sales in china have weakened.
among a set of tax concessions, apple had initially sought a 15-years tax holiday for all components that it would import for setting up a manufacturing facility in india.
a panel of ministries rejected that demand and has offered a phased programme to increase the share of local production in the manufacturing, aruna sundararajan, secretary at the ministry of electronics and it said.
we have offered them tax exemptions on those components which could not be manufactured in india, sundararajan told reuters, adding that local manufacturing component would have to be increased gradually.
apple has agreed to increase local share in production over a period of time, but there was a difference between the plans of the two sides, she said.
apple was not immediately available for comment.
india wants apple to raise value addition share in phases of 3,5,7 and 10 years as the local capacity builds up, part of prime minister narendra modi's plans to boost manufacturing.
industry estimates the phased manufacturing programme could increase local value addition in mobile phones manufacturing to 40-50 percent in the next three years.
earlier, ravishankarprasad prasad said government officials were in touch with apple and other mobile phone manufacturers about expanding facilities and setting up new plants.
it will be a little early to say that india and apple have agreed on the common ground, said the official, adding india was ready to work out a roadmap to encourage manufacturing.
industry estimates total value of mobile phones produced in india touched near 900 billion indian rupees ($13.
90 billion) compared with 540 billion rupees in the previous year.
we are waiting for apple to come back, said sundararajan.
new delhi: opposition congress today pressed for expeditiously taking up of its substantive motion on the conduct of the governors of goa and manipur in not calling the single largest party to form government after the assembly elections.
raising the issue, digvijaya singh (cong) said he has moved a substantive motion under rule 168 on the conduct of governors and wanted to know when it will be taken up.
deputy chairman p j kurien said the notice has been received and it is under consideration.
as and when chairman decides on the admissibility, you will be intimated, he said.
he said democracy is murdered as the governors called bjp, the second largest party, to form governments.
the conduct of the governors, he said, has gone against the established practice and constitutional propriety and urged that his motion be taken up expdeditiously, otherwise the urgency is lost.
the congress was the single largest party in both goa and manipur and had the first right of refusal in forming the government, he said.
singh had on friday moved a notice under rule 267 seeking suspension of business to discuss the happenings in goa but the chair had ruled that the conduct of governor can only be discussed under a substantive motion.
anand sharma (cong) charged the bjp of committing theft (of mandate) by deceit.
law and it minister ravishankarprasad prasad however said the phrase murder of democracy should not go on record, a plea which was vehemently opposed by the congress and other opposition parties including left.
murder of democracy is not an unparliamentary phrase and it cannot be expunged, said tapan sen (cpi-m).
prasad said the in-house problems of congress party should not be shifted to the governor.
sharad yadav (jd-u) also supported the demand for early consideration of the motion saying an impression has been given that when the issue first figured in the house on thursday and friday, it would be taken up on monday.
if a notice is given, there is a procedure.
chairman has to examine its admissibility, kurien said adding he will convey the feelings of the members about the urgency for a discussion to the chairman.
minister of state for parliamentary affairs mukhtar abbas naqvi said the chairman will have to decide if such a motion is to be admitted and, if admitted, under what rule.
jairman ramesh (cong) gave an acronym of modi, which was immediately expunged from the records.
when leader of the opposition ghulam nabi azad said the motion should be taken up for discussion at 2 pm today, kurien said a decision on the admissibility of the motion will be conveyed as early as possible.
by iansnew delhi: the 20-member manifesto committee of the bharatiya janata party (bjp) headed by home minister rajanth singh met here on sunday and decided to constitute 15 sub-committees to work on the 2019 sankalp patra, or manifesto.
in today's meeting, we have discussed about the structure of 'sankalp patra'.
a decision has been taken to constitute 15 sub-committees that will include stakeholders from various fields to establish direct communication with the public, singh told reporters after the meeting.
the meeting was attended among others by bjp president amit shah and party general secretary ram madhav.
also read: 2019 lok sabha polls: voters must choose between bjp's stability and opposition's instability, says pmthe 20-member manifesto committee has several union ministers in it, including arun jaitley, ravishankarprasad prasad, nirmala sitharaman, thaawarchand gehlot, piyush goyal and mukhtar abbas naqvi.
other heavyweights figuring in the manifesto panel are former madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan, bihar deputy chief minister sushil modi, uttar pradesh deputy chief minister keshav prasad maurya and lok sabha member meenakshi lekhi.
the party had constituted the manifesto committee on january 6 this year.
by ptinew delhi: it was the contribution of men like swami vivekananda and rabindranath tagore that helped the country's cultural heritage remain unaffected by years of colonialism and external attacks, prime minister narendra modi said on monday.
speaking at the tagore award for cultural harmony event here, modi said india's multi-dimensional heritage was well reflected in the works of the first indian nobel laureate.
india has thousands of years of cultural heritage, which has remained unaffected by a long period of subjugation and attacks by external forces.
it has been possible because of the contribution of learned men like swami vivekananda and gurudev rabindranath tagore.
gurudev recognised this strength of india and absorbed its diversity in his rabindra sangeet.
rabindra sangeet has all the colours of our country and it is not bound by a language.
he recognised the folk arts and traditional dances as indicative of indian culture, modi said.
tagore was the first indian to receive the nobel prize in 1913.
president ram nath kovind conferred the tagore award for cultural harmony on manipuri dancer-choreographer rajkumar singhajit singh, bangladeshi cultural organisation chhayanaut and eminent sculptor ram vanji sutar -- known for the statue of unity -- for the years 2014, 2015 and 2016 respectively.
the awardees, selected by a committee headed by the prime minister, received an amount of rs one crore each, a plaque and an exquisite traditional handicraft item.
the first tagore award for cultural harmony was conferred on sitar maestro ravishankarprasad in 2012, followed by conductor of western and indian classical music zubin mehta in 2013.
by ptinew delhi: it minister ravishankarprasad prasad on friday said the government will insist on whatsapp developing a mechanism to trace the origin of messages in cases where the platform is misused by terrorists and 'rogue' elements.
the minister, who met whatsapp global head will cathcart, said the top official had assured him of prompt action in these issues of concern.
on the issue of traceability, i have conveyed to them traceability shall be their job.
but in the event whatsapp platform is sought to be abused by rogue, terrorists and extremist elements by repeating, recirculation of messages, then there must be a mechanism where those could be traced to enforce law and order, safety and security of the country, prasad said after the meeting.
also read: facebook, whatsapp cite harm to privacy for rejecting tns pleacathcart told reporters that whatsapp had reiterated its support for encryption and how important it is for its product.
the facebook-owned company, which has over 400 million users in india, has so far resisted demands from the indian government for identifying message originators stating that doing so will undermine end-to-end encryption and affect privacy protection for users.
this i have told them clearly the mechanism shall be developed by them.
and request for that will also come from appropriately high level, so that there is no tinkering in between.
i am happy to note that the ceo has assured me that he will take prompt action in these matters and address it, prasad said.
the minister said he has also asked the company to appoint a grievance officer for india, who is based in the country.
whatsapp currently has a grievance officer for india who is based out of the us.
prasad noted that the company has already set up an india office, which was one of the key demands by the indian government.
cathcart, who was accompanied by facebook india managing director ajit mohan and facebook public policy director (india, south and central asia) ankhi das for the meeting, is learnt to have also met stakeholder in the payments sector during his visit.
cathcart said whatsapp is focussed on making changes to its product to deal with 'virality', such as placing limits on the number of forwards.
we talked about the work we are doing to cooperate with law enforcement, put in place training, and handle requests, he said.
last year, fake news circulated on whatsapp incited mob fury that led to several instances of lynching across india.
the it ministry had said that digital platforms cannot escape their responsibility for such rampant abuse and needed to find originators of provocative messages.
it had also warned that in the absence of adequate checks, it will treat the messaging platform as 'abettor' of rumour propagation and legal consequences will follow.
whatsapp, on its part, has also undertaken campaigns in newspapers, television and radio to provide users with easy tips to spot fake news.
most recently, whatsapp has partnered with indian school of public policy to help future policy makers understand importance of privacy-centric design in product development.
on whatsapp's proposed payments service, prasad noted that the platform is also going into payments service in accordance with the reserve bank of india and npci requirements.
i have heard them and have instructed my department that in the event that their platform is complying with these two regulatory requirements, they must be encouraged, he said.
he also asked whatsapp to participate in india's trillion-dollar digital economy vision and said the company is welcome to explore india-specific products because of their wide reach.
cathcart said: we have talked about our excitement about payments built on upi standard, npci and excited about receiving approvals to launch once we have demonstrated that we have done that properly.
whatsapp has been testing its payments service in the country since last year with about a million users, but could not launch full-fledged services as it has been awaiting regulatory approvals.
on thursday, cathcart said the company plans to roll out its much-awaited payments service in the country later this year and that its vision is to make sending money as easy as sending messages on the platform.
in a recent investor call, facebook ceo mark zuckerberg said the test in india went better than we even expected it would.
whatsapp's ambitious payment services' blueprint in india has been caught in a bind over concerns around authentication and its data storage practices.
in the past, its home-grown rivals have alleged that whatsapp's payment platform has security risks for consumers and is not in compliance with the guidelines.
in october last year, whatsapp had said it had developed a system to store payments-related data in india as part of compliance with the regulator reserve bank of india's policy on storing such data locally.
by iansnew delhi: the government is likely to take triple talaq bill for consideration and passage in the lok sabha on thursday.
congress is all set to oppose the bill in the current form saying it should consult with the community to codify it holistically.
the bjp sources said that the party has issued whip to its mps to be present in house when the bill is brought for passage.
following the government's move to bring the bill to ban triple talaq, the congress hit back saying the community should be consulted first.
triple talaq bill makes a dramatic appearance in lok sabha today.
a deflection from modi's invite to trump to intervene in kashmir?
if nda/bjp is keen to intervene in muslim personal law why does it not consult community and codify it holistically like hindu code bill in 1950's?
congress lok sabha mp manish tewari tweeted.
the muslim women (protection of rights on marriage) bill, 2019 was tabled in lok sabha on june 21 by union minister ravishankarprasad prasad amid opposition members have demanded that wider consultations involving the entire spectrum of political parties should take place before its introduction.
the opposition is against the bill in its current form, contending that it would end up victimising muslims.
even nda ally janata dal-united (jdu) is against the bill.
while the bill is expected to have a smooth passage through lok sabha as the government has a clear majority there, it is, however, set to face roadblocks in the upper house where it is still short of the majority.
the bill, which proposes to make the practice of instant triple talaq (talaq-e-biddat) a penal offence, was introduced in december 2017 but was pending in the rajya sabha and had lapsed owing to dissolution of the 16th lok sabha last month.
the government had promulgated the ordinance on triple talaq twice -- in september 2018 and in january 2019 -- as the contentious bill remained pending in the rajya sabha.
the bill makes declaration of talaq, including in written or electronic form, to be void and illegal.
it defines talaq as talaq-e-biddat or any other similar form of talaq as the practice under muslim personal laws where pronouncement of the word talaq thrice in one sitting by a muslim man to his wife results in an instant and irrevocable divorce.
it makes declaration of such talaq a cognizable offence -- where the accused can be arrested without a warrant, and liable to a punishment of three years imprisonment and fine.
by aninew delhi: biju janata dal (bjd) has extended its support to the prime minister narendra modi-led government in the upper house on the triple talaq bill, bjd leader prasanna acharya told ani.
meanwhile, expressing objection over the bill, ysr congress party leader vijay sai reddy on tuesday said that the party will vote against the bill.
ysr congress party will oppose triple talaq bill and vote against it, reddy told ani.
earlier today, the muslim women (protection of rights on marriage) bill, 2019, popularly known as the triple talaq bill, was introduced in rajya sabha by union minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
the bill that proposes to protect the rights of married muslim women by prohibiting the practice of divorce by pronouncing talaq by their husbands has been passed by the lok sabha.
the bill proposes to make the triple talaq as a cognizable offence.
it also provides allowance to victim women and their dependent children.
by ptipatna/kolkata: bihar chief minister nitish kumar, a key bjp ally, today stayed away from the international yoga day event in patna, which was a low-key affair in west bengal where his counterpart mamata banerjee also gave it a miss, in moves marked by possible political overtones.
as millions of yoga enthusiasts stretched and twisted their bodies, kerala chief minister pinarayi vijayan said yoga should not be seen as part of any religious practice.
speaking at the state-level celebrations in thiruvananthapuram, vijayan, a cpi-m veteran, however lauded the greatness and benefits of yoga.
in bihar, nitish kumar did not participate in the main yoga day event in patna which set tongues wagging.
the event was inaugurated by governor satya pal malik and attended by top bjp leaders including union minister ravishankarprasad prasad and deputy chief minister sushil kumar modi.
however, both the ruling allies--jd(u) and bjp-- sought to downplay kumar's absence.
the jd(u) said kumar has been practising yoga daily even before it was declared as an international day by the united nations in 2015 and it would be wrong to attach any political meaning to personal decisions.
when asked about kumar's absence at the event, both prasad and modi insisted that what was important was that people practised yoga regularly, wherever they chose, and that the presence or absence of a public figure must not be politicized.
nitish kumar, who himself is a regular yoga practitioner and is said to have learnt the ancient practice from noted exponents at the renowned bihar school of yoga at munger, has been critical of the mass yoga drill organized on june 21 every year since 2015.
speculation was rife that kumar might take part in the celebrations this year following his return to the bjp-led nda in august last which he had left in 2013.
but, he was conspicuous by his absence at the mega event held at patliputra sports complex.
we know that nitish kumar is a yoga enthusiast.
and that is what is important.
please do not politicize the issue, union law minister ravishankar prasad, who had arrived from new delhi to attend the celebrations, told reporters in patna.
sushil modi on his part asked, why do you want to make an issue out of nitish kumar's absence?
there are many bjp leaders who could not make it to the function.
there may be many leaders, not just in jd(u) but even in opposition parties like the rjd, who practice yoga regularly.
would you try to derive a political meaning out of that?
jd(u) spokesman rajiv ranjan prasad said the party leaders including nitish kumar begin their day with yoga.
we did so today also.
we have been practicing yoga since much before the international yoga day came into being.
.
.
there is no party stand, as such, with regard to taking part in the celebrations.
hence, it would be wrong to attach any political meaning to personal decisions.
opposition rjd latched on to kumar's absence to take a dig at him.
in a statement, rjd national vice-president shivanand tiwary said it was part of the old strategy of nitish to appear different from his allies and then make a volte face.
tiwary is a former associate of the chief minister.
in west bengal, neither chief minister banerjee nor any of her ministers participated in any yoga session anywhere in the state.
union minister mahesh sharma and other bjp leaders performed yoga asanas in public in kolkata.
when contacted, trinamool congress (tmc) secretary general and state parliamentary affairs minister partha chatterjee said the party observed the international yoga day every year and this year was no exception.
international yoga day was observed in moulali today.
in the districts also, it was observed in schools.
last year, we had observed the international yoga day in kolkata, he said.
bjp national secretary kailash vijayvargiya when asked by newsmen if there is lack of enthusiasm in celebrating the yoga day in west bengal said it was a matter of regret that the mamata banerjee government was finding politics in everything.
yoga day is also being celebrated in islamic countries of the world, but the west bengal government is politicising everything, he said.
in kerala, vijayan said yoga can be practised by all, irrespective of caste and religion, adding it should be done with a 'free and secular' mind.
he said the ldf government has taken steps to set up a yoga and naturopathy centre of international standards in the state.
stating that yoga was an exercise and not part of any ritual, vijayan lamented that attempts were being made by some groups to hijack it in the name of religion.
this kind of false propaganda will only keep common people away from yoga and reduce its popularity, he said.
terming yoga as a 'good exercise' for the body and mind, the chief minister said, though there may be many other forms of exercises in the world, there is nothing as good as yoga especially for the mental health and well-being.
by ptinew delhi: finance minister nirmala sitharman monday said the offset contract of rafale fighter jet deal will help to train and skill youth in india, and no money was given to any 'bhai'.
speaking at an event on the world youth skill day, she made indirect reference to the congress leader rahul gandhi's charge of offset contract of the multi-billion dollar rafale fighter jet deal going to anil ambani, saying an agreement has been signed in front of everyone to detail what the jet maker-dassault will do as part of the contract.
during the event dassault aviation signed an agreement with iti nagpur for aerostrcuture fitter programme.
you all know about the discussion on rafale.
no money was given to any 'bhai', the minister said.
she said the money from offset is for training purposes and an agreement in this regard has now been signed with dassault.
also read vote for bjp for development of delhi, urges fm nirmala sitharamandassault is manufacturer of rafale fighter jets.
sitharaman also said that during the recently concluded general elections, a campaign was that modi has given the offset money to someone.
to whom he gave the money.
the money is being given to you for training, she said.
the first rafale fighter jet will be delivered to the indian air force in september 2019 as per schedule, a top government official has said on saturday.
rafale fighter jets, manufactured by france-based dassault aviation, are twin-engine multi-role fighter aircraft.
these are nuclear capable and can engage both air-to-air and air-to-ground attacks.
speaking on the occassion, secretary, ministry of skill development and entrepreneurship, k p krishnan said the focus in the coming days would be on skilling for the unorganised and the informal sector to ensure greater productivity gains for the enterprises.
also read: budget backed with plan, estimates realistic, says nirmala sitharaman in rajya sabhaunion minister for electronics and it ravishankarprasad prasad said rs 7.
55 lakh crore have been transferred to the accounts of beneficiaries through direct benefits transfer, thereby leading to savings worth rs 1.
44 lakh crore, which earlier used to be usurped by middlemen.
he said there are as many as 268 mobile phone manufacturing units in the country at present, as against only two such factories when the narendra modi-led government first came to power in 2014, making india the world's second biggest mobile phone manufacturer.
prasad said the government plans to transform india into a major export hub for electronic manufacturing in the coming years and the government was willing to provide incentives to achieve this objective.
human resource development minister ramesh pokhriyal nishank said there are 903 universities and 40,000 degree colleges in the country at present and his department is working to improve coordination between them.
besides, national skill development corporation (nsdc) and urbanclap entered into a partnership to collaborate for mobilisation, training and certification of service professionals across india.
the mou signed between the two organisations also recognise urbanclap as a key strategic partner of the skill india mission.
as a part of the mou, nsdc will support urbanclap to become a 100 per cent skill india certified organisation under rpl (recognition of prior learning) component of pradhan mantri kaushal vikas yojana (pmkvy).
urbanclap will also create micro-entrepreneurship opportunities for candidates already certified under pmkvy 2.
0 and additionally train 30,000 new partners over next one year under short-term skilling and upskilling programmes.
nsdc has also partnered with tiktok to leverage the platform to educate tiktok's over 200 million users, including first-time internet users in india about the ongoing government-driven skill development programmes and vocational training opportunities in the country through an in-app campaign called skills4all.
manish anand byexpress news servicenew delhi: the bjp has vowed to seize electoral narrative and set agenda for the lok sabha elections, with the national convention of the saffron outfit adopting a political resolution which singled out leadership to be the top plank for the polls.
the resolution moved by union minister nitin gadkari stressed on electoral choice for people between mazboot or mazboor (strong or weak) government at the centre.
moving the political resolution in the concluding session of the national convention of the bjp at the ramlila ground, union minister nitin gadkari argued that samajwadi party (sp) and bahujan samajwadi party (bsp) are coming together in uttar pradesh due to fears of bjp's might.
even after their alliance, we will trounce them on the ground, gadkari asserted while arguing that the bjp should be credited for old enemies joining hands.
taking part in the discussion on the political resolution, union finance minister spelt out six planks for the bjp workers to hit the ground in the elections.
it's to the advantage of the bjp if lok sabha election is held on the plank of leadership.
in narendra modi, the bjp has a decisive leadership against unknowns in the opposition camp, jaitely stressed while adding that the workers should take the statistics to engage people in conversations on the performance of the nda government.
additionally, jaitley said, the election time gives an opportunity to the bjp workers to raise core issue of the party, including measures against the practice of triple talaq and ram temple, besides the party's ideology.
you (bjp workers) should set the electoral narrative and election agenda and struggle on the ground with statistics against grand-alliance, while reminding the deeds of governments headed by choudhary charan singh, v p singh, h d deve gowda, and i k gujaral, said jaitley.
lastly, the minister said that lok sabha elections would be a test of organisational strength.
union minister ravishankarprasad prasad, who drafted the political resolution, stressed on mazboot versus mazboor government at the centre while noting that the people have rejected weak choices.
the political resolution also summed up the report card of the modi government at the centre, while listing out achievements in all sectors, including employment generation.
a total of 15.
26 crore small and very small businesses have got rs 7.
29 lakh crore of loans, including 50 per cent first-timers, which created employment opportunities for crores of people, the resolution noted.
taking part in the discussion, uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath claimed that opportunistic and casteist parties are forming alliances to stop the good work being done by the bjp government in the state.
by ptipatna: as congress circles are abuzz with speculation about his appointment as the next chief of the party's delhi unit, actor-politician shatrughan sinha said on wednesday he is willing to shoulder the responsibility with sincerity but personally i have no demands.
sinha had switched over to the congress from the bjp on the eve of the 2019 general elections.
personally i have no demand, command or expectations.
whatever (responsibility) comes to me, i will perform it with all sincerity, he told pti.
sinha's name is doing the rounds in congress circles as the successor to the party's veteran leader sheila dikshit, who died recently.
delhi will have assembly elections early next year.
sinha is being seen as a strong counter to the bjp's delhi unit president manoj tiwari, a popular bhojpuri film actor-singer and a fellow bihari.
tiwari is the bjp mp from north east delhi where he had defeated dikshit by a huge margin of over 3 lakh votes.
the national capital also has a sizeable 'purvanchali' population--settlers from bihar and eastern uttar pradesh-- and this could tilt the balance in his favour.
sinha, who represented patna saheb constituency in the lok sabha for two successive terms, quit the bjp and joined the congress after he was denied ticket to contest the 2019 elections.
union minister ravishankarprasad prasad of bjp humbled sinha on his turf.
patna: rjd chief lalu prasad yadav on wednesday said the supreme court ruling restoring criminal conspiracy charges against lk advani and other senior bjp leaders in the babri masjid demolition case was a ploy by prime minister narendra modi to keep advani out of the race for the countrys next president.
cbi is under the control of prime minister narendra modi.
it prayed before the supreme court to conduct a trial against advani and others in the babri masjid demolition case.
since advanis name was in circulation as a probable candidate for the next president, now nobody will take his name.
modi got his name removed by this plan, lalu prasad yadav told journalists.
priding himself for having ordered advanis arrest in bihar during the latters rathyatra in the days before the disputed mosques demolition, yadav welcomed the apex courts verdict and said the trial should be conducted against all those bjp leaders whose names figured in the case.
bjp, rss and vishwa hindu parishad are organisations of dangerous people, and they see no difference between themselves and others, anyone considered opposed to modi, said lalu prasad yadav.
in a series of attacks on the bjp, yadav raised the issue of uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanaths statement on triple talaq and said: why did yogi not marry?
no one has any right to interfere in other peoples personal matters.
hitting out at bollywood singer sonu nigam for opposing morning aazans from mosques, yadav said: aazan wakes people up from kumbhkarna sleep.
these people (nigam) are not singers.
they are bjps snakes.
he also demanded a probe into why bjp veteran atal behari vajpayee had become physically incapacitated.
the rjd chief, currently facing a number of allegations of having amassed huge benami property owned by his wife and sons, appeared annoyed when asked about senior bjp leader sushil kumar modis allegations.
do not raise these light issues.
i have houses in london, america and benaras.
go and keep looking for them if you ask me such questions, my answers will be like this, said yadav.
union minister ravishankarprasad prasad, who was in patna on wednesday, declined to comment on the apex courts ruling, saying the party would study the judgment before making any formal statement.
advani remains a highly respected bjp leader.
instead of talking about him, lalu should answer the questions raised about his familys ownership of benami properties, said prasad.
by express news servicebengaluru: congress leader shashi tharoor kicked up a storm on sunday after quoting an rss source who is believed to have described pm modi as a scorpion sitting on a shivling.
this analogy immediately drew a sharp reaction from the bjp whose leaders hit out at tharoor for his horrific denunciation of lord shiva.
tharoor made this remark while discussing the alleged strife between prime minister narendra modi and rss.
he said, there is an extraordinarily striking metaphor expressed by an unnamed rss source with journalist vinod jose of (the) caravan, which i quote here, in which they express their frustration with their inability to curb mr modi.
mr modi, he says, is like a scorpion sitting on a shivling.
you cant remove him with your hand and you cannot hit it with a chappal either.
he was speaking to a packed audience at the bangalore literature festival, on his book, the paradoxical prime minister: narendra modi and his india.
moditva, which is modi plus hindutva, has been a concern among the rss ranks, as it has allowed modi to rise above the organisation.
though modi is from the rss, he is not confined to it, he said.
tharoors remarks drew the ire of the bjp, with union minister for law and justice ravishankarprasad prasad demanding an apology from rahul gandhi.
also read | bjp slams tharoor on his controversial 'scorpion' remark about pm narendra modi(sic) shashi tharoor who is accused in a murder case has attempted to disrespect lord shiva.
i seek a reply from rahul gandhi who claims himself to be a bhakt of lord shiva on this horrific denunciation of hindu gods by a congress mp.
rahul gandhi must apologize to all hindus, he tweeted.
the congress claims to represent the heritage of mahatma gandhi, jawaharlal nehru and indira gandhi.
today, under the presidentship of rahul gandhi it has been reduced to hurling abuses and the worst form of civil discourse, he said in new delhi.
tharoor, in response to the union minister, shared an article where the metaphor was first used in 2012, on twitter.
in view of unseemly demonisation of an out-of-context remark today involving a scorpion metaphor, my book #theparadoxicalprimeminister cites & footnotes this article  please see the last paragraph of this article.
in another tweet, tharoor wrote, (sic) this comment (not by me) has been in the public domain for six years.
rs prasad making an issue of a 6-yr- old quote shows how little new the bjp has to offer the nation.
as for media subserving the bjp desire for controversy, when will this profession develop any self-respect?
also read | 'good' hindus won't want ram temple by demolishing others' place of worship: shashi tharoorbjp spokesperson shahnawaz hussain told a tv channel: he (tharoor) has crossed all the levels, his comments are unacceptable, what kind of a language he is using.
another congress mla says he (modi) is a mosquito.
congress leaders are using foul language against the pm.
union minister giriraj singh claimed tharoor was able to make such a statement because this was india and not pakistan.
tharoor would have been silenced if he said such things in pakistan, he claimed.
tharoor has not insulted the pm, he has insulted crores of hindus and shiv devotees, he said.
i will only say this: congress is now crossing the line.
tharoor waded into another controversy when he likened the ongoing crisis at the cbi to a 1920s black and white comedy with characters running from one end of the screen to another.
all institutions in the country, such as the sc, central vigilance commission, rbi and others, have been sidelined, he said.
the current government, he said, was the most centralised and top heavy government in recent memory.
previously empowered secretaries of various departments have been reduced to subordinates of officials at the pmo.
as a result, the home minister doesnt know that the cbi director is changed, the foreign minister doesnt know about change in foreign policy and the defence minister wasnt aware about changes in rafale deal, he said.
pakistan policyclaiming that modi had no foreign policy when it came to pakistan, tharoor said the relationship between the two nations has witnessed ridiculous ups and downs.
shortly after modi made an impromptu landing in lahore to meet nawaz sharif, pathankot air force station was attacked.
shockingly, inter-services intelligence agents were allowed to come and inspect the spot by modi, who had been critical of upa government approach to hold talks, he claimed.
by ptinew delhi: the government plans to amend the it rules wherein social media platforms and messaging apps will be required to deploy tools to identify and curb unlawful content as well as follow stricter due diligence practices, as per draft amendments.
it ministry officials held a meeting last week with senior executives of google, facebook, whatsapp, twitter and other companies to discuss the proposed changes in the information technology (it) rules.
against the backdrop of mob lynching incidents triggered by rumours circulated on whatsapp and other social media sites, the government has been exploring ways to curb misuse of such platforms.
besides, the effort is to tackle spreading of fake messages on social media ahead of the general elections in 2019.
on monday, the government said it is committed to freedom of speech and expression and privacy of its citizens, amid criticism from certain quarters over larger implications of the amendments.
the government last week had authorised ten central agencies to intercept data on any computer, a move that had triggered a political storm with opposition accusing the centre of trying to create a surveillance state.
also read | big brother is here: amid snooping row, govt report says monitoring system 'practically complete'according to the draft amendment proposed to the it rules, which pertain to social media and other online platforms with respect to content, automated tools will have to be deployed to identify and disable unlawful content.
the intermediary (social media platform) shall deploy technology-based automated tools or appropriate mechanisms, with appropriate controls for proactively identifying and removing or disabling public access to unlawful information or content, said the draft that has been placed on it ministry's website on monday.
another change proposed is that the platforms would have to inform its users to refrain from hosting, uploading or sharing any content that is blasphemous, obscene, defamatory, hateful or racially, ethnically objectionable.
users would be asked to guard against hosting or sharing information that violates any law, deceives or misleads receivers about the origin of messages that are grossly offensive or menacing in nature, or those which threaten national security.
the it ministry is seeking feedback from the public on the draft amendments by january 15 before taking a final decision.
e-mails sent by pti to social media platforms, including google, facebook and whatsapp seeking comments on their discussions with the government remained unanswered.
in its statement on monday, the it ministry asserted that the government does not regulate content appearing on social network platforms, although these companies are required to ensure that their platforms are not used to commit and provoke terrorism, extremism, violence and crime.
it also cited recent instances of misuse of social media by criminals and anti-national elements that have brought new challenges to law enforcement agencies.
these include inducement for recruitment of terrorists, circulation of obscene content, spread of disharmony, incitement of violence, public order, fake news etc.
a number of lynching incidents were reported in 2018 mostly alleged to be because of fake news/ rumours being circulated through whatsapp and other social media sites, the ministry said.
another proposed amendment is that platforms or intermediaries with over 50 lakh users in the country will be required to have a permanent registered office in india with physical address.
this is likely to impact most international social media platforms given that india is a key market for them.
besides, these platforms will have to appoint a nodal officer in india for round-the-clock coordination with law enforcement agencies to ensure compliance with the rules, the draft said.
as per the proposals, the intermediary -- after a court order is communicated or being alerted by a government agency -- will have to remove or disable access as far as possible immediately, but in no case later than 24 hours.
when required by lawful order, the intermediary shall within 72 hours of communication, provide such information or assistance as asked for by any government agency or assistance concerning security of state or cyber security as per the draft.
among others, it has been proposed that the platforms will inform their users at least once a month that if the rules are violated, access and user rights of consumers can be terminated.
these internet companies will also have to preserve relevant records for 180 days for investigation purposes or longer periods, if required.
in a detailed statement made in july in the parliament, it minister ravishankarprasad prasad had emphasised the government's resolve to strengthen the legal framework and make social media platforms more accountable under law.
whatsapp had drawn flak from the government after fake messages circulating on its platform had triggered incidents of mob violence in various parts of the country.
fake news has been an issue globally for social media giants.
whatsapp, on its part, has taken a number of steps including introduction of a forward label to help identify such content.
lucknow: with battle of ballots for the uttar pradesh assembly entering the last phase, the focus of all political parties has shifted to the holy city of varanasi, the lok sabha constitunecy of prime minister narendra modi.
the saffron party which has a lot at stake in the last two phases of polling scheduled for march 4 and 8 has moved its war room to varanasi, entrusting union ministers and senior leaders with the task of strengthening the campaign with the prime minister in the vanguard.
the bjp is also faced with the target of quelling resentment in certain quarters over senior leaders being denied party ticket in these elections.
the importance of the area comprising 89 constituencies, which go to polls in 14 districts of on march 4 and 8, is strengthened by the fact that the prime minister is scheduled to address public meetings in jaunpur, mirzapur and varanasi on march 3, 4 and 5, respectively.
following in the footsteps of the bjp is the sp-congress combine which has also shifted its focus to varanasi and its campaign strategist prashant kishor and his team members are busy crafting varanasi area-specific strategy.
taking the bjp and pm head on, the sp-congress has launched a dard-e-banaras campaign highlighting the disillusionment among the electorate over modi's false promises and no delivery.
team pk has launched three videos of less than two-minute each which are played from the campaign raths or video vans around varanasi.
kishor claims that till date they have reached about 2,00,000 facebook and whatsapp users around varanasi within a span of just a couple of days.
the volunteers of the team are also holding door-to-door campaign armed with publicity materials and personal letters from chief minister akhilesh yadav and street plays.
central leaders are holding press conferences to keep the pot boiling till the d-day.
the team of akhilesh and rahul are also likely to hold a road show in varanasi on march 4 and senior leaders of both the parties are camping there to oversee their strategy in the face of the moves by the saffron party.
bjp president amit shah has been in constant touch with partymen, making frequent trips and over the past week, he stayed back in varanasi for five nights meeting finetuning the strategy with union ministers and party leaders.
according to bjp, this is the first time that the party has set up a new media centre near chawka ghat in varanasi, where at least one union minister addressed mediapersons every day to highlight achievements of the modi government, the party's manifesto.
the minister also targets the akhilesh government, its alliance with congress, and the bsp.
moreover, the party has set up a war room at its headquarters in kashi region in gulab bagh area, where party workers have been assigned the task of publicising bjp programmes through social media.
a protocol cell has been set up to look after arrangements for union ministers visiting varanasi, while a separate awas vibhag (housing cell) has been formed to manage accommodation for visiting bjp leaders.
over the past week, union ministers who have visited varanasi include rajnath singh, j p nadda, ravishankarprasad prasad, kalraj mishra, uma bharti, ananth kumar, smriti irani, narendra singh tomar, piyush goyal, mahendra nath pandey, santosh gangwar, krishna raj and anupriya patel.
bsp chief mayawati is also touring these constituencies addressing three to four election rallies a day while leaders of her party have been assigned the task of staying in contact with the electorate at the grassroots level.
by express news servicenew delhi: looking for additional sources of revenue to pump up the economy in the election year, the union cabinet on thursday decided to sell enemy shares valued at rs 3,000 crore which are spread out in scores of bluechip companies of the country.
according to enemy property act, 1968, enemy property refers to any property belonging to, held or managed on behalf of an enemy, an enemy subject or an enemy firm.
under the act, the government is the custodian of the moveable and immovable properties left behind by the people who left india before or after partition.
there are over 6.
5 crores of enemy shares in 996 public listed companies of the country.
the valuation of these shares stands at `3,000 crore at the current prices, union minister ravishankarprasad prasad told reporters during a briefing.
the minister stated that the government would utilise the revenue from outright disinvestment of the enemy shares for building roads, generation of electricity and other public assets in the country.
the centre had brought in an amendment in 2017 in the enemy property act to enable the government to liquidate the moveable and immovable properties owned earlier by the people who left the country during partition.
the cabinet also gave in-principle approval for adopting the public-private partnership mode of the development of six airports at lucknow, ahmedabad, mangalore, guwahati, jaipur and thiruvananthapuram.
the development of airports under the ppp mode in delhi, kolkata and mumbai has been a huge success, which also helped the country in attracting a large number of tourists.
the cabinet has taken the decision as part of the reform measure to allow management, operation and development of these six airports, said prasad.
the cabinet has also given its nod for setting up a tribal university in andhra pradesh.
richa sharma byexpress news servicenew delhi: parliament on monday passed the contentious triple talaq bill with 99 votes in its favour and 84 against it in the rajya sabha.
what paved the way for its smooth passage was nda allies and foes choosing to walk out or abstain after registering their opposition to the criminality clause in the bill.
the muslim women (protection of rights on marriage) bill, 2019 that prohibits divorce by pronouncing talaq thrice in one go and makes it a criminal offence, was put to vote after a five-hour debate.
the oppositions motions for vetted by a select committee were rejected during voting.
nda allies jd (u) and aiadmk staged a walkout but trs, bsp and tdp abstained from voting, thus bringing down the majority mark.
the opposition failed to keep its flock together and some of its lawmakers failed to turn up for voting.
among those who abstained were five congress mps, including vivek tanka and pratap bajwa, ncps sharad pawar and praful patel and two from sp.
read more | aimim chief asaduddin owaisi slams triple talaq bill, calls it anti-islamduring the term of the last lok sabha, the bill had been blocked twice in the rajya sabha as the nda didnt have the numbers.
deft floor management this time helped the bjp see it through.
lauding the passage of the bill, prime minister narendra modi tweeted: an archaic and medieval practice has finally been confined to dustbin of history!
parliament abolishes triple talaq and corrects a historical wrong done to muslim women.
this is a victory of gender justice and will further equality in society.
india rejoices today!
the discussion to pass the bill saw the opposition and the treasury benches attacking each other.
while the opposition accused the government of targeting the muslim community, the government said the opposition was pandering to vote bank politics.
leader of opposition ghulam nabi azad said they were all for women empowerment but opposed the provision to criminalise triple talaq.
the cat has come out of the bag.
there is no provision of protection of muslim women, subsistence and provisions to take care of minors.
the only idea is to put them (muslim men) behind the bars so that the family is stuck in legal tussle, azad charged.
in his reply to the debate, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said the government tried to keep the legislation as straight as possible with provisions of getting bail.
this issue should not be seen through a political prism, said prasad while citing jail terms in anti-dowry law and for hindu men marrying for the second time without divorcing the first wife to justify the jail term of three years in the case of triple talaq.
new delhi: the bjps central leaders were touched to the quick again on tuesday by demands for proof that surgical strikes were indeed carried out by the indian army against pakistan-supported terror launch pads across the line of conrol [loc] in pakistan-occupied kashmir [pok] on sept.
29.
after delhi chief minister arvind kejriwals clever dig on monday that evidence of the strike may kindly be furnished to scotch international skepticism, it was mumbai congress chief sanjay nirupam who went a step further and called the strikes fake.
every indian wants surgical strikes against pakistan but not a fake one to extract just political benefit by bjp.
politics over national interest [sic], nirupam tweeted.
the tweet provoked stinging criticism from the bjp and his own party hastened to totally dissociate itself from his remarks.
union minister uma bharti hit back at nirupam and suggested the congress leader might consider taking pakistani citizenship.
those leaders who say that if pakistan is demanding evidence about the surgical strike they should be given the evidence, such people should take the citizenship of pakistan, bharti told reporters in pune.
every indian wants #surgicalstrikesagainstpak but not a fake one to extract just political benefit by #bjp.
politics over national interest pic.
twitter.com/4kn6idqdo5  sanjay nirupam (@sanjaynirupam) october 4, 2016in new delhi, congress spokesman randeep surjewala said the party has taken serious note of nirupam's tweet and distanced the party from it.
the indian national congress disagrees completely with the statement of sanjay nirupam, surjewala said, adding that the party has full faith in the indian armed forces.
another union minister, ravishankarprasad prasad trained his guns at arvind kejriwal, the delhi chief minister, who lauded the prime minister for ordering the decisive action, but also added the rider that evidence of the action should be furnished to convince naysayers internationally.
if he believes in the exemplary valor of the armed forces, then why is kejriwal getting swayed by pakistan to ask for proof of the operation?
asked prasad.
it was very unfortunate that kejriwals insinuation made headlines in pakistan, prasad added.
if the pakistani media is saying something, why is an indian chief minister being influenced?
as for chidambarams remarks, also seeking proof of the surgical action, the minister asked whether congress president sonia gandhi - who had herself issued a statement congratulating the prime minister narendra modi - subscribed to the skepticism.
now that chidambaram is suggesting that its up to the government to provide proof, soniaji should clarify if his statement is the official line of the congress, asked ravishankarprasad prasad.
here are the top reactions:uma bhartis retortthose leaders who say that if pakistan is demanding evidence about the surgical strike they should be given the evidence, such people should take the citizenship of pakistan.
randeep surjewalas retreatthe indian national congress disagrees completely with the statement of sanjay nirupam.
the congress has full faith in the indian armed forces.
kejriwals praisei have supported the prime minister, applauded the army.
i only said pakistan is spreading false propaganda in the world that surgical strikes did not happen.
we all believe that surgical strikes took place.
ravi shankar prasads reactionif he believes in the exemplary valour of the armed forces, then why is kejriwal getting swayed by pakistan to ask for proof of the operation?
anna hazares criticismi condemn it [kejriwals statement].
this concerns the country, its people.
we must trust the army's words.
we should not doubt what the army has said.
by express news servicenew delhi: technology partners  cisco, nokia, samsung, ericsson, huawei and zte  which have submitted their proposals to participate in the 5g field trials, may get spectrum allocation for a year that will be extendable for a one-time fee of rs 5,000 per location.
the government, however, is in a quandary on huaweis participation in the trials and eventual deployments.
it will take a call based on the recommendation of a panel looking into the 5g security issues.
in the run-up, it is decided that the duration of the trial would be for at least 12 months that will be extendable, for a one-time fee of rs 5,000 per geographical area, excluding the time required for all preparations and clearances, said a senior government official, adding that the telecom ministry is committed to roll-out 5g trials in the next 100 days.
telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad recently told lok sabha that 5g trials would be undertaken only through licensed telcos in a respective, limited geographical area for specific use cases.
the committee headed by the principal scientific advisor has been constituted to give recommendations on security relating to 5g technology and trials in india and is likely to send its report to the ministry of communications in a week.
even as the government takes baby steps to initiate 5g operations, anshul prakash, additional secretary in the department of telecom, sounded skeptical of the highly leveraged telecom industrys ability to invest in the new-age networks.
the appetite of the industry for investments, raise capital and the ability to navigate the way forward will have to be gauged going forward, he said speaking at an event.
however, the sale of spectrum, analysts say, is unlikely in 2019, given the telcos request to the government to restructure their existing spectrum debt in light of their stretched balance sheet.
indian regulators are still initiating consultations with operators and are likely to schedule auctions only in the second half of 2020 or later, said analysts at moodys in a report.
earlier in march, the standing committee set up on spectrum policy for 5g said that trials would happen towards the end of this year with early deployments in the second or third quarter of 2020.
chennai: india will set up the national cybersecurity coordination centre (nccc) to fully secure the countrys cyber space and strengthen its cybersecurity posture, according to union minister for information and communication technology and law and justice ravishankarprasad prasad.
speaking at the regional editors conference here on wednesday, prasad said that the nccc would ensure near real-time threat assessment and situational awareness that would help in analysis and generation of timely alerts and periodic reports.
the minister said that the nccc project had been approved for implementation and a technical approach and implementation plan has been prepared.
prasad said that a massive training programme would be undertaken to train police officers and personnel across the country.
important organs of the government including judicial officers would also be sensitisd adequately to this issue.
on the omnibus bill by the united states, which introduces hefty bill h1b visas and l1 visas, he said the issue was being taken up with us officials.
nasscom has predicted that the hike in visa bills would result in a loss of `400 crore.
the minister also said the consumption of electronic goods in india was worth $80 billion.
by 2020, the consumption would increase to $400 million.
he also said that during the current financial year, mobile phones worth `94,000 crore would be manufactured when compared to `54,000 crore worth mobile devices manufactured last year.
he said linking aaadhar with bank accounts had saved the country `36,500 crore in the last two years, which could have gone to middlemen.
giving a digital profile of india, he said that the country boasts of 104 crore aadhaar users, 103 crore mobile phones and 40 crore internet users, and this figure might soon touch the 50-crore mark.
ravi shankar prasad said that 50 financial institutions including barclays, citibank and others had shown keen interest in the postal departments payment bank branches to reach out to rural india.
he said the government was planning to strengthen 2.
50 lakh village panchayats through optical fibre network, which was started in 2011.
for three years, the total network laid was 358 km, but in the last two years, 1,39,000 km was covered and around 57,000-plus village panchayats were covered.
states such as kerala are covered fully.
by next year the government plans to cover the entire panchayat.
the second step would be common service centres and extending them to have internet service centres to offer entire service through internet.
by anipatna: union minister ravishankarprasad prasad on sunday expressed confidence that bharatiya janata party (bjp) will be able to secure victory in the lok sabha elections and also cast his vote in the ongoing seventh phase of the elections.
i cast my vote just now, the public are with us (bjp).
the mood of patna sahib is the same as that of the rest of the country, people want to make modi ji the prime minister again, prasad told reporters outside his polling booth after casting his vote.
prior to casting his vote prasad, who was accompanied by his 88-year old mother, expressed the confidence that he will win.
follow our full election coverage herei am going to cast my vote, which is my democratic right.
the country will achieve new levels of growth in the coming days.
i am confident of my victory as always, prasad told reporters at the time of leaving his house.
the bjp fielded prasad against congress leader and sitting mp from patna sahib shatrughan sinha.
sinha, a two time mp from the same seat is seeking re-election for the third time from the seat.
bihar is seeing polling on 8 seats in the seventh and the final phase of the lok sabha polls.
the counting of votes will take place on may 23.
new delhi: sunil mittal, chairman of bharti enterprises, blamed the high price of the premium 700 mhz band for the lower than expected number of bids during the just concluded spectrum auction.
however, he credited the government for having harmonised the spectrum and correcting the woeful inadequacy of spectrum availability in india.
pointing out that a lot of spectrum had been put on the table, but parts of those were very highly priced, he said, missing out on the 700 mhz spectrum, which i think is a very high quality spectrum, should have been put to good use.
three to four good networks working around the 700 mhz would have helped build rural broadband network.
this is a missed opportunity, said mittal.
but a lot of spectrum has been made available, which should improve the broadband speed, massive improvements should be expected in the next few months mittal conceded.
data prices, he pointed out, will come down and that will also help companies become become financially viable.
he also warned that india has to ensure that its knowledge workers are not blocked from getting jobs abroad.
artificial intelligence, augmented and virtual reality, robotics  put all that in a cloud and we are looking at a massive disruption.
bots will take over jobs in law firms, hospitals and research firms we are looking at displacement of jobs.
politicians need to worry about this, said mittal.
meanwhile, ravishankarprasad prasad, minister of law and justice, electronics and information technology, said during his address that the digital ecosystem in india has gone into auto pilot mode  over 40 mobile manufacturing companies have set shop in india and more are in the pipeline.
four million documents, he pointed out, are in the digital locker which has over two million people users.
a study needs to be done on how many people are using digital systems in agriculture, said prasad, pointing out that this would prove the benefits that people can get from technology in the future.
prasad also highlighted the governments thrust toward providing internet to every indian.
prime minister narendra modi has been a advocate of digital use and supports it at all levels, said prasad, stating that every indian has the right to access the internet.
new delhi: following the november 8 demonetisation, cyber security solutions provider tac security received more than 50 hacking incidents in a month's time, the company revealed on tuesday.
the incidents included ransomware, financial frauds and website hacking in various indian enterprises.
tac security's specially designed service -- cyber emergency response team (tac-cert) -- received hacking complaints that included seven distributed denial of service (ddos) attacks, 12 e-mail hacks, 24 ransomware attacks, four financial frauds through email and six website hackings across verticals such as export companies, pharmaceutical companies, it companies, manufacturers of electrical parts and a hospital.
while the hospital experienced data breach, export companies encountered ransomware and financial loss while it companies faced ddos attacks.
this shows how vulnerable we are.
the risks are not confined to banks or financial institutions but rather every industry and domain that you can think of.
myriad reports confirm this fact, said trishneet arora, ceo of tac security.
in a move to help the organisations reduce the risk of hacking, information technology minister ravishankarprasad prasad has ordered a review of the entire it infrastructure in the country.
the government recently announced to set up the national cyber coordination centre (nccc) to provide near real-time situational awareness and rapid response to cyber attacks.
the centre is expected to be operational by march 2017.
the ministry of electronics and it has also ordered review of the it act, 2000, and set up a crack team to respond to cyber security incidents quickly.
tac cert helps organisations in quick recovery by patching the loopholes and within hours, your service will be back to normal and function smoothly, arora added.
by ptibarauni: prime minister narendra modi sunday asserted that he was filled with grief and outrage, just like the people of the country, in the wake of the terrorist attack in pulwama which claimed the lives of 40 crpf personnel.
in this north bihar town to launch a number of development projects, modi began his speech with a few lines in the local dialect 'angika' before paying tributes to two of the slain jawans who hailed from the state.
i salute and pay my tributes to sanjay kumar sinha and ratan kumar thakur, the prime minister said.
also read | sacrifices of crpf jawans will not go in vain: amit shahthe two martyred crpf personnel hailed from patna and bhagalpur districts, respectively.
i condole the bereaved families.
and to the large number of people who have gathered here, i would like to say the fire that is raging in your bosoms, is in my heart as well, modi said, evoking a thunderous response from the crowd.
bihar chief minister nitish kumar and deputy cm sushil kumar modi also expressed hopes of a strong response from india in the wake of the pulwama attack.
after the evocative beginning, the prime minister concentrated his nearly 30-minute speech on various projects, worth more than rs 33,000 crore, which were launched at the function here.
modi explained how each of these projects will bring all-round development in the lives of people.
he said the national democratic alliance's strategy of development was two-pronged one was development of infrastructure and the other uplift of deprived sections of society.
also read | pakistan patronising terrorism, pulwama attack an act of frustration: rajnath singhhe said all this has been possible because you had elected a strong and stable government which can take quick decisions, work on them and translate them into reality on the ground.
he also mentioned the scheme for giving rs 6,000 to poor farmers and said it would bring significant change in the lives of people.
on the 10-per cent reservation in jobs and education to the poor from the general category, he said this was being done without affecting the existing quotas of scs, sts and obcs.
in his speech, chief minister nitish kumar said begusarai-barauni area had been developed as an industrial hub under the guidance of bihar's first chief minister shri krishna sinha and it was heartening to see that renewed efforts were being made to restore and further develop its pre-eminence in the economic life of the state.
at the barauni programme, the dignitaries present included governor lalji tandon, union ministers ravishankarprasad prasad, ram vilas paswan, ram kripal yadav and giriraj singh.
by express news servicepatna: actor-turned-politician and congress candidate shatrughan sinha has been booked for breach of model code of conduct during his roadshow in patna on monday.
the gandhi maidan police of patna has instituted the case under relevant sections of the representation of people act following the written complaint by local patna district administration.
sinha had used the vehicle of patna police escort party on monday during his road show after filing his nomination papers for patna sahib ls seat.
disgruntled with bjp, sinha switched his loyalty from the bjp and joined the congress party this year after the dates of 17th lok sabha were announced.
he is locked in a direct battle with bjps candidate and union it and law minister ravishankarprasad prasad and is seeking a second term from patna sahib, which is dominated by kayastha caste.
by ptinew delhi: actor-politician shatrughan sinha, who has announced that he is quitting the bjp, on sunday said he decided to go with the congress as it was a national party in the true sense and family friend lalu prasad also advised him to do so.
he said leaders such as trinamool congress chief mamata banerjee, samajwadi party supremo akhilesh yadav and aam aadmi party (aap) national convener arvind kejriwal, among others, wanted him to join their respective parties, but he had made it clear that whatever be the situation, the constituency he would be contesting in the lok sabha polls would be patna sahib.
the actor-turned-politician, who has been criticising the modi government for long, said it was painful for him to leave the bjp with which he has had such a long association, but was disturbed at the treatment meted out by the party to stalwarts such as l k advani, murli manohar joshi, arun shourie and yashwant sinha.
follow our election coverage herethe bjp has not fielded party veterans advani and joshi in the lok sabha polls.
in an exclusive interview to pti, sinha said he had won from patna sahib in 2014 on his own merit, without support from the party and feels that this time he could break his previous records in terms of victory.
he slammed the bjp's leadership of prime minister narendra modi and party chief amit shah saying earlier there was lokshahi (democracy) and now there is tanashahi (dictatorship) in the party.
there used to be collective decision during atalji's (bihari vajpayee)time.
there was democracy in the true sense.
but now, there is the case of one-man show and two-man army, said the 73-year-old leader, who is in muscat where he is being honoured as a cinematic legend.
asked why he decided to go with the congress, sinha said there were several reasons such as it is the grand old party which has had great leaders like mahatma gandhi, vallabhbhai patel, jawaharlal nehru, and those of the nehru-gandhi family.
the party also has a great contribution to the country's freedom movement, the sitting mp from patna sahib said, adding another reason was that it is a national party in the true sense.
our family friend (rjd chief) lalu prasad also suggested 'you go there (to the congress).
we are there with you and will be together politically also'.
it was done with his (lalu prasad's) permission and in agreement with him, said sinha, who won the patna sahib seat back to back in 2009 and 2014 parliamentary polls.
he said an important factor is that the patna sahib seat has gone to the congress quota in the mahagathbandhan (grand alliance) seat sharing and he had said that whatever be the situation, the constituency for him fighting the polls would be the same.
read here | sonakshi sinha says her father shatrughan should have quit bjp long backmany people like (tmc chief) mamata banerjee, (sp president) akhilesh yadav, and (delhi chief minister) arvind kejriwal among others, wanted me to be in their party.
but i had to come to this place because i had said that whatever be the situation, the location will be the same, sinha said, adding that the congress was a great party.
on claims by bjp leaders that he got votes in patna due to the party, the former union minister said, i would like to say that in the last election it was not just modi 'leher' (wave) but modi 'qahar' (destruction) on certain seats like we saw shahnawaz hussain losing from bhagalpur.
arun jaitley had a humiliating defeat.
sinha said he purposely did not call top bjp leaders such as friend, philosopher, guide advani, joshi, yashwant sinha, sushma swaraj, rajnath singh in the 2014 polls for campaigning.
i did not even call my own daughter sonakshi sinha so that people don't get to say things.
i won on merit, on principles, without anybody's support or help.
they (the bjp) did not give me the help they were giving to other candidates, they did not give me any help, he alleged.
despite the modi leher or qahar in the entire country, by the grace of the people of patna, in my victory, i had the highest vote share percentage in the country, sinha said.
asked how he sees the impending clash with senior bjp leader ravishankarprasad prasad on the patna sahib seat, sinha said the union minister is like a family friend and he has respect for him.
asserting that he doesn't want to comment on personalities as he has only spoken about issues, sinha said, for ravishankarprasad prasad i can only convey my best wishes.
after all, the people of patna will decide.
we will accept the verdict.
i have a feeling that by the grace of god and with great support from the people, i could be breaking my previous records also in terms of victory.
also read | shatrughan sinha to join congress in new delhi on march 28, to contest from patna sahibhe also hailed rahul gandhi's leadership qualities, saying the congress president is a man to be watched for his vision and dynamism.
the way he has taken up issues boldly, he has proved himself and in one year as congress president, he has won three states despite evms and many hurdles.
he is the originator of the most popular slogan -- 'chowkidar chor hai', sinha said.
on whether gandhi could be the next prime minister, sinha said it all depends on the blessings of the people the number of seats congress gets.
rahul gandhi has all the capabilities, he added.
sinha alleged that the bjp had been threatening him for long that it will take action against him.
i kept on reminding them that every action has an equal and opposite reaction.
they have taken so-called action (of not giving ticket), so it is high time for an appropriate reaction, sinha said.
sinha met rahul gandhi here last week and is set to join the congress on april 6.
by ptinew delhi: second time in less than one year, the contentious triple talaq bill criminalising instant divorce by muslim men was passed by lok sabha after a heated debate on thursday, with the government projecting it as a matter of insaaniyat aur insaaf for muslim women, and rejecting the contention that it was aimed at targeting a particular community.
the opposition, including the congress, objected to many of its provisions as unconstitutional and claimed that its real purpose was not to empower muslim women but to penalise muslim men, as it demanded the revised legislation to be sent to a joint select committee of parliament for greater scrutiny.
with the government rejecting their demand, the bill was put to vote and passed after an over five-hour debate with 245 members voting in its favour and 11 against it.
highlights | lok sabha passes historic triple talaq billprime minister narendra modi was not present during the debate.
the muslim women (protection of rights on marriage) bill was passed by ls in december 28 last year but got stuck in the upper house amid protest by opposition parties.
the government had then cleared some amendments, including introduction of a provision of bail, to make it more acceptable.
however, as the bill continued to face resistance in the rajya sabha, the government issued an ordinance in september, incorporating the amendments.
the fresh bill to make the practice of triple talaq among muslims a penal offence was introduced in lok sabha on december 17 to replace the ordinance.
under the proposed law, giving instant triple talaq will be illegal and void, and will attract a jail term of three years for the husband.
read | bjp seeking political gains: aap leader after lok sabha passes triple talaq billkey opposition parties, including the congress and trinamool congress as also aiadmk, which has often been an ally of the government in parliament, staged a walkout soon after law minister ravishankarprasad prasad concluded his reply.
the bjp is set to use today's passage of the bill as a major talking point ahead of the 2019 lok sabha polls.
the saffron party and its ideological affiliates, including the rss, have long railed against the practice of instant divorce, projecting it as an evidence of its congress-led secular rivals' vote bank politics.
however, the bill's fate remains uncertain as it will now go to rajya sabha, where the government lacks numbers and it cannot become a law unless passed by both houses.
piloting the bill, prasad rejected the contention of some opposition members that it was aimed at targeting any community.
also read | women groups raise 10 concerns in triple talaq billit is about insaaniyat aur insaaf (humanity and justice), he said, adding that it should not be weighed on the scales of politics.
over 20 islamic countries have also barred the practice, he said, adding that over 477 cases of triple talaq have been reported since january 2017.
it has continued despite the supreme court declaring the practise unconstitutional, he added.
leader of congress party in lok sabha, mallikarjun kharge said the bill was against the spirit of the constitution and has violated several articles dealing with the rights of individuals.
congress mp sushmita dev said the real purpose of the bill was not to empower muslim women but to penalise muslim men.
demanding that the bill be referred to the parliamentary panel, dev said criminalisation of triple talaq goes against the supreme court verdict.
aiadmk leader p venugopal, tmc's sudip bandhopadhyay, aimim's assaduddin owaisi and supriya sule (ncp) also made similar demands.
prasad said the bill has made the offence compoundable, meaning that the case can be withdrawn if the man and his estranged wife reach a compromise, and that only the wife and her close relatives can file an fir, ruling out the law's misuse.
union minister smriti irani said if parliament can enact laws to ban dowry and the practice of sati, it can also approve the bill to ban instant triple talaq.
supporting the penal provisions in the bill, union minister mukhtar abbas naqvi said it was important to instil fear in the minds of those still practising it and rejected suggestions that it was against any religion.
several women activists criticised the passage of the bill, saying it was a political move aimed at polarising the country before the 2019 general polls.
secretary, all india progressive women's association (aipwa), kavita krishnan said,why such an offence (abandoning wives) when committed by a non-muslim man is considered to be a civil offence and the same is being criminalised when committed by a muslim man?
she asked.
i think the fundamental objection that my organisation, aipwa, and other women groups had on this bill stands.
we had objected to the offence of instant triple talaq being criminalised.
our position is that there is no basis to make this a criminal offence, krishnan said.
however, the passage of the bill drew mixed reactions from muslim bodies with some terming it very dangerous, while others welcoming it.
while s q r ilayas, member of working committee of the all india muslim personal law board (aimplb), termed the bill as dangerous and said it has been brought keeping in mind the lok sabha elections, maulana mahmood daryabadi, general secretary of the all india ulema council, said when the supreme court has declared triple talaq unconstitutional, why is it even being discussed.
arshad khan byexpress news servicenew delhi: the upcoming budget should focus on bringing down the current gst rate and a host of indirect taxes, said rajan mathews, director general of telecom lobby group cellular operators association of india (coai).
the government, he said, should reduce the license fees and reduce reserve prices for 5g spectrum set by regulator trai when it goes for auction later this year.
last year, the sector hasnt got anything.
they have been seen as the sector to extract money.
were hoping this year the government reviews the financial situation of the industry and push for a revival, mathew said.
he added that given the huge burden of taxes and regulatory levies on the operators and considering the fragile state of their finances, special benefit should be provided by way of exemption on reverse charge for regulatory payments of license fees, spectrum usage charges and the spectrum auction.
union telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad, too, has acknowledged the financial burden of the sector and has pitched for a series of relief measures, including lower licence fee in the budget.
he has also sought a cut in gst rate from 18 per cent to 12 per cent.
mathew said that for every one rupee of earning, 30 paise goes to the government in the form of taxes, which is very high.
while average revenue per user (arpu) for major telcos has improved in recent quarters, the sector's debt and competition among telcos is still too high to improve financials, he added.
on the crucial 5g spectrum auction, mathew noted that it is very important to set the prices the spectrum right and offer enough spectrum to make it financially viable for telcos.
trai has mandated that an operator would need to pay at least `9,840 crore to buy 5g spectrum on a pan-india basis.
it had said that the 3,300-3,600 mhz band, expected to be the primary band for 5g services, should be auctioned as a single band and in blocks of 20 megahertz.
commenting on the loss-making telecom operator bsnl, mathews said that making it a public-private venture would eliminate much of the woes of the state-run operator.
government feels both bsnl and mtnl should exist and has its own reason for it, primarily being the safety concern.
it also feels that a public enterprise should be there to balance the market dynamics.
referring to videsh sanchar niger ltd, which got acquired by tata communications, mathews said the government can do a similar exercise.
by giving it to professionals, cutting down its manpower bsnl can become a viable business venture, he pointed out.
by ptinew delhi: the government on saturday made it clear to the telecom industry that it wants fair competition and will not encourage monopoly as it asked telcos to keep a razor-sharp focus on improving service quality to consumers and ensure robust participation in india's 5g blueprint and usd 5 trillion economy goal.
also read: regulations in last 2 yrs against every telcom company except jio - vodafone ceo nick readtelecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad met ceos of telecom companies including bharti airtel, reliance jio, vodafone idea and state-owned bharat sanchar nigam ltd to listen to their business concerns and has, in turn, assured telecom department's full support in resolving outstanding issues through cut in levies and release of input tax credit that is locked up.
the meeting, which went on for over one hour, was attended by bharti airtel ceo gopal vittal, vodafone idea ceo balesh sharma, reliance jio board member mahendra nahata and bsnl chairman p k purwar.
speaking to reporters after the meeting, prasad said, i highlighted to them, the need for a robust involvement of the industry in 5g innovation, startups and creation of 5g products that can create india-specific patents.
i said that in the usd 5 trillion economy target, 25 per cent should be telecom's sector's contribution.
prasad's first interaction with the industry after he took charge of the telecom portfolio comes at a time when the sector is reeling under severe financial stress with cumulative debt of over rs 7 lakh crore.
prasad said that he has already taken up with finance ministry some of the outstanding issues such as release of input tax credit that is pending and lowering of gst rate and added that a proposal pertaining to reduction of universal service obligation (uso) levy is also under the telecom department's consideration.
from our side, we have conveyed what we have done for them.
.
.
in particular you are aware i have written that inputs tax credit set off is pending and i have written to ministry of finance.
i have also written to them for reduction of gst to 12 per cent from 18 per cent.
on usof reduction, trai has given recommendation and a committee will take a call, prasad said.
prasad has also asked telecom companies to prioritise quality of telecom services.
also read: telcos hope new government will lift burdensome leviesalso 43,000 villages are unconnected at present.
i have told the industry to pool in their resources so that in one year, we can reach all the uncovered villages and they have agreed.
department of telecom (dot) will provide all assistance, prasad promised.
asked if spectrum prices - considered to be exorbitant by most players - came up for discussion, the minister said that while the industry did talk about it there is a committee which is looking into the matter.
the minister also asked the companies to look at improving connectivity and digital ecosystem in religious sites like kedarnath and badrinath.
these locations get millions of visitors and need improvement in connectivity and digital solutions, he pointed out.
the minister assured the industry of government support on the issue of installation of telecom towers and directed department officials to ensure a fair system that would enable optimum use of government buildings to improve telephony services.
the industry flagged the issue of lapsed bank guarantees which they want returned and the ministry has asked the dot to urgently look into the matter.
i have assured the industry three things.
.
.
we want a fair competition.
the government will not encourage any monopoly and will do its best for ease of doing business, prasad said.
the minister also asked players to sort out disputes and litigations.
the telecom sector is burdened with staggering debt levels and cut-throat competition.
competition has only intensified since 2016, when reliance jio, owned by richest indian mukesh ambani, stormed into the market and offered lifetime free calls and dirt cheap data.
jio's offerings forced rivals to slash rates, affecting profit margins.
since the launch, rivals have either teamed up via merger, resorted to acquisitions or folded up.
the financially stressed industry has been asking for a breather in the form of cut in levies including licence fee, spectrum usage charges.
after the meeting with the telecom minister, india's largest mobile operator vodafone idea ceo balesh sharma told reporters that the company favours 35 per cent cap for 5g spectrum bands to ensure fair competition.
on 5g, our specific request has been there has to be a fair playing field.
therefore with four operators in the country, we should look at a cap of 35 per cent maximum on every band so there is a fair competition and everybody plays fair, sharma said.
by ptinew delhi: the lok sabha on monday passed a bill which seeks to increase the number of supreme court judges from the present 30 to 33 with a view to reduce pendency of cases.
law minister ravishankarprasad prasad used the opportunity to urge the judiciary against making sweeping commentary while hearing cases.
they should have the courage to write it in judgements and give reasons, he said while responding to the debate on the supreme court (number of judges) amendment bill, 2019.
a bill which sought to bar judges from making sweeping remarks against another constitutional authority was brought by the previous upa government, but lapsed following the dissolution of the 15th lok sabha.
responding on concerns raised by members over differences within the supreme court judges, prasad said differences within the judiciary should not come out in the open and they should be settled within and the government should not have any role in it.
responding to a question on the request made by the chief justice of india to increase the retirement age of high court judges, he said the matter has to be looked into its totality as others including the three service chiefs and bureaucrats could also demand the same.
a constitutional amendment bill brought by the upa government to increase the retirement age of high court judges from 62 to 65 lapsed and it never came up for discussion in the 15th lok sabha.
with several members raising questions over the supreme court striking down the national judicial appointments law, he said while the government accepts the verdict, he has never agreed on the reasoning given in the order.
through the national judicial appointments commission, the government had sought to have a bigger say in appointment of supreme court and high court judges.
he said as per the judgement, the law minister, who was part of the commission and nominated by the prime minister could not act in fairness in appointing judges.
but the prime minister, who holds the nuclear button can be trusted for the security of the country and appointment of other constitutional authorities.
we are accountable to parliament and the judiciary should also think of their accountability, he said adding the government is committed to the independence of the judiciary.
the minister also said that he always urged the judiciary to expedite the process of filling vacancies in subordinate judiciary.
he added that appointments get delayed sometimes as the government applied its mind on the recommendations made by the collegium.
i am a minister of narendra modi government and i will apply my mind, he said.
he said that one of the reasons for higher pendency is pil as people read newspaper in morning and file case at 11 am.
as of now, the supreme court has a sanctioned strength of 30 judges, plus the chief justice of india -- 31 judges.
once the bill gets parliamentary approval, its sanctioned strength will go up to 33, plus the cji, according to the supreme court (number of judges) amendment bill piloted by law minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
abvp students shouting slogans during their protest against delhi police, at police hq in new delhi.
(shekhar yadav | eps)student protests in delhi, which started with clashes at ramjas college, continue to ragel as politicians and prominent personalities take sides over the students right to protest peacefully.
what started as a scuffle between two warring student union parties has now turned into a full-fledged political fight.
the fight originally broke out between members of all india students association (aisa) and akhil bharatiya vidyarthi parishad (abvp) on february 22 after jawaharlal nehru (jnu) student umar khalid was not allowed to speak inside ramjas college campus at an event.
the incident worsened after a tiranga march was organised by the abvp on monday, in a bid to invoke nationalist sentiments on the campus.
meanwhile, the spotlight fell on a kargil martyrs daughter and delhi university student, gurmehar kaur, who was trolled and threatened with rape by alleged abvp members after she raised her voice against the clashes.
here are the highlights so far:- amid a raging controversy over free speech, defence minister manohar parrikar today said he supports freedom of expression, but within the legal framework.
i believe in freedom of expression but it has to be within reasonable legal framework, he said.
watch video of abvp's march below:- union sports minister vijay goel today jumped to the defence of sportspersons under fire for their comments criticising du student gurmehar kaur, saying the country is proud of them and they shouldn't be treated as illiterates.
-pti- a plea seeking action against the policemen who had allegedly assaulted students and journalists during the violence at ramjas college last week has been moved in the delhi high court.
the plea seeks direction to constitute an independent committee of senior cops of delhi police to probe the incident.
- delhi university student gurmehar kaur was provided police protection after she complained about receiving online threats (death and rape) after her placard protest went viral.
kaur was a part of a campaign where she had put out a message on her facebook profile picture, not afraid of abvp.
two women constables of the punjab police were deployed to provide security to kaur.
- filmmaker anurag kashyap reacted on the controversy and said that the social media platforms are being used to create polarisation in the nation.
social media is being used to do that and we are all participating in it and perpetuating it, he said.
vidya balan, swara bhaskar, minister anil vij, virender sehwag, kiren rijiju, ravishankarprasad prasad, randeep hooda and babita phogat are few other prominent personalities who spoke about the incident.
- gurmehar eventually withdrew from her social media campaign against the abvp on tuesday after the threats refused to subside.
- the janata dal (united) (jdu) reacted on the ongoing controversy and said it is a complete breakdown of democratic constitutional structure which spilled campus politics hijacking students cause.
- security has been tightened outside the du campus in the wake of protest march that was taken out by different factions of the college.
students and teachers from du and jnu held marches today, while abvp on the other side has called for a protest rally tomorrow.
new delhi: infosys is likely to hire 20,000 people in 2017.
infosys chief operating officer pravin rao assured it minister ravishankarprasad prasad of creating more jobs during a meeting with him on friday.
talking to reporters after the meeting, he said, i think all the news about job losses is overstated.
infosys itself last year recruited over 20,000 people and this year again, we are likely to repeat similar numbers.
rao also clarified that the layoffs being reported in the media were nothing but regular performance things that infosys does every year.
he said even that the number is only 300-400, which is consistent with what the it major has done every year.
we are creating more jobs, adding more people and letting go of only minuscule number of people, purely from a performance-related perspective, said rao, who met the minister for 30 minutes along with infosys co-chairman ravi venkatesan.
the duo informed the minister that infosys would recruit over 10,000 people in the first half of the current financial year.
the recent spate of reported layoffs in the it sector was clarified by tech majors like wipro, infosys, cognizant and tech mahindra as part of their annual performance reviews, a process that weeds out bottom performers or non-performers.
the fear of job loss was compounded by the challenges faced by it sectors with stricter work permit regime in countries like the us, singapore, australia and new zealand.
bhubaneswar: chaos marred the national convention of lawyers organised to discuss the proposed advocates (amendment) bill 2017 on saturday as a large number of lawyers staged a protest against chairman of bar council of india (bci) manan kumar mishra for allegedly supporting the recommendations of law commission of india (lci).
as mishra stood up to deliver his speech on fresh amendments to the advocates act 1961, the protesting lawyers climbed to the dais and prevented him from addressing the gathering.
the agitators also forced him to leave the venue.
sources said bar association of the states across the country are against the amendment of advocates act with the lawyers alleging that the fresh provisions would destroy their independence and autonomy.
as per the recommendations of lci, stringent action would be imposed against lawyers for their misconduct and agitations.
discarding the recommendations and suggestions, the lawyers criticised the chairman of bci for not taking stakeholders into confidence while supporting the recommendations.
chairman of odisha state bar council manas ranjan mohapatra said the suggestion made by the bci chairman does not reflect the democratic opinion of elected bodies of the state and other stakeholders.
the recommendations are illegal.
each of the suggestions seeking amendment of the advocates act and the final recommendations of law commission are against the lawyer community.
it was decided that supreme court bar association will constitute a committee and make proposals, he said.
the lawyers requested union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad to reject the proposal of the law commission stating it as anti-lawyer, draconian and undemocratic.
later talking to reporters, mishra said the bci will never allow any kind of hooliganism.
the council has not suggested anything which will go against the interest of lawyers.
there is no point in agitating as the union law minister has already made it clear that the government would not take any decision on implementing the recommendations without holding consultations, he added.
more than 300 lawyers and other delegates from 17 states attended the national convention organised by odisha state bar council.
by ptinew delhi: the union government wednesday said it is not seeking decryption of messages on whatsapp but rather the location and identity of those spreading misinformation that provokes violence and heinous offences.
after meeting with whatsapp vice president chris daniels, it minister ravishankarprasad prasad said: on the issue of traceability, i emphasised that when we talk of traceability, we don't talk of decrypting messages.
we insist rather on location and identification of the sender of whatsapp messages when such messages lead to provocation of violence, heinous offences and other serious crimes, he said.
also read: it ministry mulls third notice to whatsapp; may insist on message traceabilityprasad added that he has been assured by the whatsapp team that they will look into the matter and revert.
the facebook-owned company has been under pressure for months now to put in place a mechanism to clamp down on fake messages on its platform.
i met chris daniels, along with his team, and discussed various issues of the past.
they have assured us that they have appointed a grievance officer for india.
i have suggested that we will appreciate if grievance officer is also located in india, prasad said.
the minister said during the meeting, he also emphasised that whatsapp is an important instrument of message circulation, especially during elections.
it is appropriate and desirable that the institutional integrity of this platform is maintained, so that abusers cannot abuse it.
they (whatsapp) have also assured that they will work with my department in preventing circulation of spam farms, he said.
prime minister narendra modi addressing at the launch of a new mobile app 'bhim' to encourage e-transactions.
| pti file photonew delhi: the central government has made the bharat interface for mobile (bhim) app aadhaar-enabled and it will launch the biometric based aadhaar pay payment module in the coming weeks, union minister for electronics & information technology and law & justice ravishankarprasad prasad said on friday.
aadhaar pay service will enable people to make and receive payments using their aadhaar number and biometrics.
we are going to start aadhaar pay.
with this, people will not need to carry their phone for payments.
they can visit any merchant, share their aadhaar number and verify themselves using biometrics to pay and receive money, prasad said.
as of now, 14 banks have come on board for aadhaar pay and the government is in talks with other banks, too, prasad added.
aadhaar has already given unique numbers to around 111 crore people in the country and almost 49 crore bank accounts are linked to aadhaar.
every month, 2 crore accounts are being seeded with aadhaar, the minister added.
transactions, where aadhaar is listed as a payment id on the bhim app, will not require any biometric authentication or prior registration with the bank or unified payment interface (upi).
aadhaar enrolment is carried out by 135 registrars and 612 agencies working at 47,192 enrolment centres.
post demonetiation, aadhaar enrolment jumped to 7-8 lakh requests from 5-6 lakh requests a day.
however, there are some aadhaar enrolment centres which are charging fees in the range of rs 100-rs 300 despite repeated clarification from unique identification authority of india that it is meant to be provided free.
earlier, ajay bhushan pandey, ceo of uidai, had said he would favour incentives for shopkeepers using the biometric mode for digital transactions, in line with commission given by banks to business correspondents.
doing this would be a win-win for banks too, pandey had said.
new delhi: political parties would not be able to raise doubts on the functioning of evms in the 2019 lok sabha polls as the government on wednesday cleared rs 3174 for the poll panels plan to go for paper trail machines for the 2019 general elections.
according to the ecs plan, a total of 16,15,000 voter verifiable paper audit trail (vvpat) machines would be purchased to cover all polling stations.
union finance minister arun jaitley said, if the order has to be placed in april this year all the new machines will be procured by september 2018.
any election after september, 2018 will have the paper trail machines.
the cabinet decision chaired by the pm narendra modi on wednesday came in the backdrop of demands raised by several political parties for the use of these machines to dispel doubts that the evms are not tampered with.
sixteen parties had recently petitioned the ec to revert to paper ballot system for greater transparency.
the bsp, aap and congress had attacked the poll panel for allegedly using tampered evms.since september, 2013, the election commission has given many reminders to the government seeking funds for vvpat machines.
the chief election commissioner nasim zaidi had recently written to the law minister ravishankarprasad prasad drawing his attention to the funds needed for the machines.
earlier, in october last year, he had also written to the pm on the issue.
reacting on the cabinet decision on wednesday, the ec said it will closely monitor the production of vvpats for timely delivery well before the 2019 lok sabha polls.
with this, the commission will ensure the total compliance of the orders of the supreme court (on use of vvpats) and its commitment to use vvpats with every evm at all polling stations in the country in general elections 2019, the ec said.
according to the ec officials, the new machines will be add more transparency in the conduct of polls as the paper trail machines leave a paper trail which helps an elector confirm whether the evm has faithfully registered the vote has has cast to a particular candidate.
the funds would be given to the commission in two instalments -- the first of rs 1,600 crore in this fiscal and the rest in the next fiscal.
the supreme court has asked the commission to give a tentative timeframe by which it can use vvpat machines in all polling stations.
the supreme court, in 2013, to a petition filed by the now bjp rajya sabha mp subramanian swamy, had asked the ec to introduce in a phased manner the paper trail in evms for the 2014 lok sabha elections, saying it is an indispensable requirement of free, fair and transparent polls which will restore confidence of the voters.
by express news servicenew delhi: barely three days after it was unveiled, a bill to provide 10 per cent reservation in education and jobs to the poor in the general category got parliaments approval on wednesday, with 165 ayes and 7 nays in the rajya sabha.
the constitution (124th amendment) bill is now a step away from becoming law, as it awaits president ram nath kovinds approval.
the lok sabha had passed it on tuesday.
prime minister narandra modi described the passage of the bill  that came all of a sudden and sailed over the ropes like a slog over six  as a victory for social justice.
the near- eight-hour debate began with an opposition uproar when union minister thawar chand gehlot sought to introduce the bill.
they accused the centre of bringing it for political benefit ahead of the general elections.
watch video:however, union minister ravishankarprasad prasad hit back, claiming the upa ii had a similar proposal but failed to take it to its logical conclusion.
the new quota will be valid for central and state government jobs, though states would be free to define their cut-off, he said.
congress leader anand sharma said the bill was brought in haste to beat the model code of conduct, thinking if not two crore (jobs), then lets dangle a carrot in front of the public, show them another dream that modiji made arrangements for their childrens employment.
he and other congress leaders accused the government of not taking the opposition into confidence.
there is no consent.
the situation is such that there is no dialogue between the opposition and the government, sharma added.
the bill was approved after the house rejected a motion moved by kanimozhi (dmk) and supported by left parties for sending it to a parliamentary select committee for scrutiny.
delighted the rajya sabha has passed the constitution (one hundred and twenty-fourth amendment) bill, 2019.
glad to see such widespread support for the bill.
the house also witnessed a vibrant debate, where several members expressed their insightful opinions.
narendra modi (@narendramodi) january 9, 2019against 18 members supporting, 155 opposed it and one member abstained.
the bill was approved after the house rejected 5 amendments moved by opposition members.
editorial | timing of new quota bill gives away its real intentwhile the opposition criticised the government for extending the session to take up the bill, finance minister arun jaitley reminded them that the house was adjourned on most working days, when the country expected parliament to function.
dmk member kanimozhi moved a motion to send the bill to a select committee.
her motion was backed by the left, tdp, rjd, aap and jd(s), but not by sp and bsp, exposing fracture in opposition unity.
in the end, her motion was voted out as it had just 18 ayes.
the house was briefly adjourned during the first half as the congress, too, sought to send it to a select committee.
it was mgr who first mooted thisin 1979, tamil nadu chief minister m g ramachandran announced that his government intended to bring reservations for the economically backward among forward communitiesclaiming that it would be implemented from 1981, mgr assured that the move would not affect the quota reserved for backward classes.
by express news servicenew delhi: top members of the narendra modi cabinet, including defence minister rajnath singh, finance minister nirmala sitharaman, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad, railway minister and women, child development minister smriti irani and bjp working president jagat prakash nadda, among others, would take part in the 5th international yoga day celebrations across the national capital on friday.
union ministers and mps, will also be part of the event organised to mark international yoga day.
our party has lined up events at 300 places across the national capital to celebrate yoga, neelkant bakshi, co-in-charge media, social media and it, delhi bjp, said.
in events organised by the party, about 3 lakh workers will perform yoga at the same time, while the main event in the capital will see around 10 lakh turning up to bend and twist for fitness and good health.
while the defence minister will grace the celebration at rajpath, the finance minister would feature at a similar event at yamuna sports complex.
irani and prasad will lead similar celebrations at dada dev ground, raj nagar and hauz khas respectively.
their other cabinet colleagues, including petroleum minister dharmendra pradhan, goyal, health minister dr. harsh vardhan and mukhtar abbas naqvi will oversee similar events at talkatora garden, lodhi garden, kudesta park, civil lines and ramjas sports ground at patel nagar respectively.
tiwari, bjps yoga mascot in the capitaldelhi bjp president manoj tiwari and west delhi mp parvesh verma would oversee celebrations at kartar nagar and dichaon kalan.
mps ramesh bidhuri and gautam gambhir will join sitharaman.
by ptinew delhi: the bjp sunday hit out at west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee and her tmc saying the state government denying permission to uttar pradesh cm yogi adityanath's chopper to land in the state was a glaring case of undemocratic and fascist behaviour.
senior bjp leader and union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said his party would urge the election commission to take notice of this issue since adityanath, being the chief minister of one the largest state of the country in terms of population, was not allowed to hold public meetings in west bengal.
it is deeply regrettable and condemnable and true to the undemocratic record of mamata ji and tmc.
it is a glaring case of undemocratic and fascist behaviour.
the only reason behind preventing yogi adityanath's chopper from landing is panic and a sense of fear as bengalis are yearning for change, he said.
we would urge the election commission to take due notice of it as a popular chief minister of country's largest state (in terms of population) was not allowed to hold a public meeting, he said.
prasad mentioned that bjp president amit shah was also not allowed to hold a rally in west bengal and there were attempts to disrupt the prime minister's rally there as well.
bjp sources said they would make the west bengal government's attack on the saffron party's democratic rights a big issue and will approach various institutions.
a bjp delegation will meet the election commission monday, they said, adding the party will also raise the issue in the state through several media conferences.
adityanath and west bengal bjp president dilip ghosh were scheduled to address ganatantra bacaho rallies at balurghat in south dinajpur district and raiganj in north dinajpur district.
adityanath addressed the rallies there telephonically and lashed out at the anti-people trinamool congress (tmc) government in the state, saying the days of chief minister mamata banerjee's rule are numbered.
though the bjp had been allowed to organise the rallies, the district administration denied permission for adityanath's chopper to land at both the places, party leaders said.
following denial of permission to land his chopper, adityanath decided not to attend either of the rallies and instead addressed them telephonically.
this is nothing new.
whenever we try to organise any rally, they create hurdles.
this is shameful.
but the tmc is mistaken if it thinks it can stop us by not giving us permission for holding rallies or landing chopper, ghosh told pti.
addressing both the rallies through audio link, the uttar pradesh chief minister said, the tmc government didn't allow me to come and meet you all.
that is why i had to resort to the digital india of modi ji to address you.
lashing out at the mamata banerjee government, the up chief minister said, this tmc government is anti-people and anti-democratic and has compromised with the national security.
the tmc government is afraid of the bjp as it very well knows its days in the state are numbered, he said.
alleging that the banerjee government had tried to stop durga puja in west bengal to pursue its appeasement policy, adityanath urged bjp workers to fight vigorously and ensure that the party forms the next government in the state.
mamata banerjee should remember that she cannot misuse the government and its agencies in the state.
it is shameful that the government officials are acting as tmc cadres in the state, he said.
by ptinew delhi: manoj sinha, a dhoti-clad civil engineer from the prestigious banaras hindu university and three-time mp, seems to have fallen victim to caste equation as he lost from the ghazipur constituency in eastern uttar pradesh by a margin of 1.
19 lakh votes.
sinha, who was telecom minister in the narendra modi government, lost to afzal ansari, the brother of don-turned-politician mukhtar ansari.
ansari was the joint candidate of the 'mahagathbandhan' (bsp-sp-rld alliance).
sinha got 4.
46 lakh votes as compared to bsp's ansari who received 5.
66 lakh votes.
sinha had won this seat in 2014 by a margin of 32,452 votes.
fondly called vikas purush by his followers, this reserved and introvert member of the modi government, took charge of the high-profile telecom portfolio from ravishankarprasad prasad in 2016 at a time when the industry was rolling up its sleeves for a mega spectrum sale.
sinha spent the next almost three years steering the hyper-competitive industry that was hemorrhaging on financial stress.
read here | bihar's nda allies may get prominent berths in modi's next powerful cabinetduring his stint as telecom minister, sinha made focused interventions to stabilise the industry including a crackdown on call drops (service quality issues are a pain point for consumers), measures for ease of doing business, and finalising a revival package for the debt-ridden telecom sector.
sinha, a three-time bjp member of parliament (mp), was elected to the lok sabha for the first time in 1996, a feat that he repeated in 1999.
in 2014, sinha was elected to the lok sabha for the third time.
a 'bhumihar' by birth, sinha was, at one point, seen as the frontrunner for up chief minister's post following bjp's stunning victory in the 2017 assembly polls.
sinha began his political career after being elected the president of banaras hindu university students' union in 1982.
by ptinew delhi: the mortal remains of george fernandes were thursday cremated here amid chants of 'george sahab amar rahe' as family, friends and admirers gathered to bid an emotional goodbye to the socialist leader.
former prime minister manmohan singh, bihar chief minister nitish kumar, bjp veteran l k advani, union ministers ram vilas paswan and ravishankarprasad prasad, senior leaders sharad yadav and upendra kushwaha were among those who attended the cremation at the lodhi electric crematorium.
the mortal remains of the former defence minister were brought from his home in a wooden casket on a military truck.
read: iconic emergency-era image of george fernandes adorns his living roomchants of 'george sahab amar rahe' (long live george sahab), 'jab tak suraj chand rahega, goerge tera naam rahega' (your name will be as immortal as the sun and the moon) also rent the air at the crematorium as his body was placed at a platform there for people to pay respect.
besides family members, including wife leila kabir, son sean and fernandes's brothers, the leader's close associate jaya jaitly and former cricketer ajay jadeja also were present during the cremation.
an hour-long prayer service was held in the morning at fernandes's residence -- shanti niwas -- at panchsheel park with the bihar chief minister visiting the family again before the cremation that took place at 3 pm.
fernandes died tuesday at the age of 88 at his residence after prolonged illness.
he was suffering from alzheimer's disorder that had left him debilitated.
read | better jail than rail: george fernandes' slogan that led to asia's biggest railway strike in 1974his body had been preserved in a glass casket earlier and kept in the living room, with the family awaiting his son's arrival from the us to attend the last rites.
sean, who arrived here wednesday night from new york, said, for others, he may have been a minister or a political stalwart, but for me, he was just dad.
everyone's trying to claim a part of his legacy and that makes me feel proud.
he may have physically left us, but his values and ideals live on in others.
and he was a very good man, who worked for the downtrodden, he told pti.
the ashes from the cremation will be buried at the prithviraj road christian cemetery on friday, kabir said.
senior leaders, veteran politicians and admirers from various parts of the country had been making a beeline to shanti niwas here to pay their last respect to fernandes in the last three days.
former defence minister a k antony also visited this morning, a family friend said.
prime minister narendra modi, bjp chief amit shah, rajnath singh, among others had visited fernades's bereaved family on tuesday to pay respect to the departed leader.
kumar had also visited the socialist leader's family on tuesday and recounted fernandes's role in shaping his political career.
the burial is slated to be held at 11 am at colonial-era cemetery located in the heart of the city in lutyens' delhi.
new delhi: unable to break the parliament logjam, the bjp is bracing to battle the political slugfest over demonetisation on the streets.
in a bid to counter the call for bharat bandh given by the opposition for monday, ministers and bjp mps will take out marches over the weekend across the country in support of demonetisation.
another group of ministers has been tasked by pm narendra modi to migrate their respective domains to digital mode of payment within a fortnight.
minister for science and technology and earth sciences harsh vardhan will take out a march in delhi to sensitise people on the demonetisation move.
minister of state for power and renewal energy piyush goyal will take out public march of farmers and workers of the unorganised sector in indore.
bjp national general secretary kailash vijayvargiya will join goyal in indore.
minister of state for railways and telecommunications manoj sinha will camp in poll-bound uttar pradesh to spread awareness on demonetisation.
union ministers and bjp mps have been given instructions to call the bluff of the opposition and mobilise public opinion against its agitation opposing demonetisation.
a group of ministers, including ravishankarprasad prasad, ram vilas paswan and radha mohan singh, have been asked to completely transfer transactions of various departments under their ministries to the digital mode within a fortnight, sources said.
paswan said payments for procurement of kharif crops are being done through the digital medium and departments under his ministry will achieve 100 per cent digital transfers in a fortnight.
lucknow & new delhi: bsp president and former uttar pradesh chief minister mayawati asserted that the money detected in the two bank accounts  one her partys and other her brother anand kumars  were accounted for to the last rupee.
it belongs to the party and was deposited in the bank as a routine exercise strictly under the rules, she said.
addressing a press conference here on tuesday, the bsp supremo accused the bjp-led centre of misusing state machinery to tarnish the image of her party.
the bjp is misusing state machinery to malign the bsps name.
the party has followed its own rules and has deposited all its funds into the bank as a routine exercise, the bsp chief claimed.
accusing the bjp of a political vendetta, mayawati said many other political parties too had deposited huge amounts of money after the november 8 note ban announcement, but the bjp government was targeting only bsp, owing to its anti-dalit mentality.
and the saffron party retorted to the backward-caste leaders charge, saying dalit empowerment and corruption are not synonymous with each other.
law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said the bjp rejected the allegations with the contempt they deserve as they actually insult the scheduled castes.
if the enforcement directorate does a routine exercise, why is she so rattled?
will your corruption be hidden in the name of dalits, he asked.
the money was not deposited in august, september and october but soon after the demonetisation decision.
now we are getting signals of why she has been opposing the note ban so strongly from the first day, he added.
party workers bring money in high-value currency notes as it is easy to carry.
this money is donated by the party cadre before demonetisation.
it does not belong to any capitalist or corporate house, she said.
the enforcement directorate had found cash deposits of over rs 100 crores in the account belonging to the bsp and `1.
43 crore in the account of bsp chief mayawatis brother in a branch of united bank of india in new delhi late on monday.
the amount was deposited after the november 8 announcement of demonetisation.
they (the bjp) are afraid of our popularity and they know that in up we will from the next government.
so they want to stop us at any cost, she said.
as i exposed the bjp plot of putting pressure on the sp forge an alliance with the congress yesterday, the bjp, in a state of shock and frustration, started targeting the bsp and family members of the party chief.
launching an attack on the media, mayawati alleged that bjp-managed news tv channels and dailies had blown up the issue of cash deposits out of proportion.
she exhorted prime minister narendra modi to make public details of all bank accounts of the bjp as well as deposits by the party after demonetisation.
new delhi: the government today said it is planning to come out with a new electronics as well as a software product policy and will set up innovative zones for start-ups.
we will be shortly laying down the new electronics policy because between the old policy and (now), india under narendra modi has changed completely.
therefore, to boost electronics manufacturing, we will come up with a new policy, law and it minister ravishankarprasad prasad today said.
the first national policy on electronics was formulated in 2012 and approved by the cabinet in 2013.
prasad said the new policy will look at growth areas in electronics manufacturing segment.
there is a need to look at the inward software market.
therefore we will come with a new software product policy and we are going to have framework for data security and protection policy, prasad said.
he said there is consensus between the government and the industry to explore intersection between digital india and start-ups for which the government will set up an innovative zone.
new delhi: the case of controversial former calcutta high court judge cs karnan calls for greater scrutiny and screening of the judiciary, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said today.
as regards a specific case of a specific judge, i would not like to make any comment, except observe that may be there is a case for greater scrutiny and screening of judiciary.
the particular incident you have quoted only underscores the compelling need, he told reporters here.
the minister was asked to comment on the failure of state machinery to implement a supreme court order to send karnan behind bars for six months for contempt of court.
justice karnan had last week ended his tenure as a fugitive from law.
he has been evading arrest since may 9 after being sentenced to six months imprisonment for contempt of court by the supreme court.
he has the dubious distinction of being the first sitting high court judge to be awarded a jail term by the apex court.
a seven-judge bench headed by chief justice of india j s khehar had passed the unprecedented arrest order against karnan.
justice karnan was appointed a judge of the madras high court in 2009.
he was transferred to the calcutta high court on march 11, 2016.
he was transferred from the madras high court for his repeated allegations and run-ins with its then chief justice and fellow judges.
the high court judge had on february 15, 2016 stayed his transfer order, which was suspended by the supreme court.
the apex court had even asked the chief justice of the madras high court not to assign karnan any judicial work.
new delhi: the cabinet committee on political affairs (ccpa) in its meeting on tuesday recommended advancing the budget session from january 31.
the ccpa also gave its nod to the presentation of the union budget on february 1.
in a departure from the tradition of the presentation of the union budget in the last week of february, the ccpa gave its nod to the proposal of advancing the parliament session, with the inaugural presidential address to the joint sitting of both the houses and the tabling of the economic survey slated for january 31.
the ccpa also gave its nod for the recess of the budget session of the parliament from february 9.
sources said that with the mps of both the houses likely to be busy with the electioneering in five states heading for assembly elections, they would get a long window to spend times in their respective constituencies.
the ccpa meeting was chaired by the union minister for home affairs rajnath singh.
the meeting was also attended by the senior cabinet ministers, including ananth kumar, ravishankarprasad prasad and mukhtar abbas naqvi.
the government has stated that the objective of advancing the budget presentation is to allow completion of the whole budgetary exercise by march 31.
expenditure, as well as tax proposals, will come into effect right from the beginning of the new financial year, which will help the government achieve better implementation, said a senior official, who added that the past practices made it possible to complete the whole exercise only by mid-may.
with the monsoon setting in by may-june, most of the schemes and spendings by states did not take off until october.
the states were left with just about a six-month long window to spend the financial allocations earmarked by the centre for various schemes, added the official.
sana shakil byexpress news servicenew delhi: asserting that giving views was not a cardinal sin, union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad on monday backed his ministrys decision to reconsider some of the supreme court collegiums recommendations on the appointment of judges.
the minister also refuted the oppositions allegations that the government was stalling appointments to the higher judiciary.
a record number of appointments in the supreme court and 24 high courts were made under the narendra modi government, he said.
but, neither the law minister nor the law ministry was a post office which would only process the collegiums recommendations on the appointment of judges, he said, apparently referring to the controversy over the elevation of uttarakhand high court chief justice km joseph to the supreme court.
the government respects the apex courts verdict to quash the national judicial appointments commission act, he said.
but by seeking reconsideration, giving our views is no cardinal sin, he said.
we have a constitutional role.
.
.
we shall continue to respectfully and gently convey our views.
obviously, the collegium has to take a call.
prasad said, after launching nyaya vikas, an online monitoring system to ensure smooth and speedy justice.
the minister spoke at length about appointments of judges since 2014 when the nda government came to power.
he said the years 2014 and 2015 were lost in the njac battle when appointments were stalled due to a lack of procedure.
in 2016, we appointed 126 hc judges, which was the highest in last 30 years.
since 1989, an average of 79 to 82 judges were appointed (per annum).
in 2017, 117 hc judges were appointed and till now 30 judges were made additional judges in high courts.
and.
.
.
i am pretty sure, that the highest number of 126 appointments will be surpassed when 2018 ends, he said.
the law minister also made a veiled attack on the congress, claiming that parties which had lost in elections were using courts to hit out at the ruling party through sponsored litigation.
prasad also spoke at length on the differences between the chief justice of india and four seniormost sc judges which came out in the open.
the judiciary has enough foresight and statesmanship to settle differences within it, he said, urging the political class to remain immune.
judges will come and go but the institution of the judiciary will remain the same.
.
.
we must respect their institutional integrity.
.
.
the governments commitment for a robust judiciary is complete and total, he added.
by ianspatna: congress candidate and actor-turned-politician shatrughan sinha on monday filed his nomination papers from the patna sahib constituency in bihar which will head to the polls in the last phase of the lok sabha elections on may 19.
sinha, the incumbent mp who quit the bjp and joined the congress on april 6, was accompanied by senior congress leaders in patna, his hometown where he filed his nomination.
follow our full election coverage hereearlier, sinha took out a roadshow in the state capital which saw the participation of hundreds of residents and supporters.
the bjp has fielded union minister ravishankarprasad prasad from the seat.
new delhi: delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal created one his periodic flutters monday by disclosing to the audience at the delhi high courts 50th anniversary celebrations that he had overheard judges telling each other that they should not talk on phones because they could be tapped.
this, he said, showed that there is widespread fear in the judiciary that its phones are being tapped.
i don't know whether it is true or not but there is a widespread fear.
if it is true that phones are tapped then judges can be influenced, he said.
the chief minister added this counsel to the government functionaries in the audience: even if there has been a wrong-doing by a judge, then phone tapping should not be allowed.
there are many other ways to gather evidence for wrongdoing.
otherwise it will be the biggest assault on the independence of the judiciary.
union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad, who spoke after kejriwal, denied tapping vehemently: i deny with all authority at command the allegations that phones of judges have been tapped.
the ministry of home affairs (mha), which is the authority that authorizes any phone tapping, later issued a flat denial.
the ministry of home affairs strongly denies media reports alleging tapping of telephones of some judges.
there is no truth in these reports.
these reports are baseless and unfounded, mha spokesperson kuldeep singh dhatwalia said in a statement.
prime minister narendra modi and chief justice t s thakur were among those who participated in the delhi high court golden jubilee.
the pm made some remarks which have a bearing on the litigation logjam in the countrys courts.
he said government departments can aid the judiciary in clearing the backlog by making proper checks and balances before filing cases in court.
he signed off with some remarks in lighter vein: ive never had the privilege to be in a court but i'm told the atmosphere there is serious.
its influence is seen here too.
it's the golden jubilee.
smile a bit or it will lead to a wrong perception.
new delhi: the income tax department has issued summonses to rjd chief lalu prasad's mp daughter misa bharti and her husband in connection with its probe in rs 1,000 crore alleged benami land deals and a tax evasion case.
the development followed the arrest of chartered accountant rajesh kumar agrawal by the enforcement directorate on may 22.
agrawal is alleged to have aided in illegal transactions involving lalu's kin.
officials said the department has asked bharti, a rajya sabha member, and her husband shailesh kumar to appear before the investigating officer (io) here in the first week of june.
the department had on may 16 searched multiple premises of about two dozen entities connected to this case and seized documents and computer hardware.
they said the summonses to bharti and kumar are part of the investigation and their statements will be recorded.
the couple are alleged to have links with a firmms mishail packers and printers private limited-- which is suspected to have entered into benami deals for purchase of a farm house in delhi's bijwasan area.
certain other property deals are also under the scanner of the taxman, they said.
i-t department officials had said they will apply provisions of the newly enacted benami transactions act, 1988, which became operational from november 1 last year, in this case.
the law provides for a maximum punishment of seven years in jail and a fine.
the action under this new law will be over and above the legal proceedings under the income tax act, 1961, which relates to charges of domestic tax evasion.
tax department officials had said lalu's kin held some of the properties under their scanner in a 'benami' way.
benami properties are those in which the real beneficiary is not the one in whose name the property has been purchased.
the rjd chief, however, sought to put up a brave face after the raids, saying he was not scared at all and will continue to fight against fascist forces.
bjp mein himmat nahi hai ki lalu ki awaz ko daba sake.
.
.
lalu ki awaz dabayenge to desh bhar me karoron lalu khare ho jayenge.
.
.
main gidarbhabhki se nahi darne wala hoon (bjp does not have the courage to stifle my voice.
.
.
if it tries to silence one lalu, crores of lalu will come forward.
i am not scared of empty threats), he had said in a series of tweets after the search operation.
the bjp had also accused prasad, bharti and his two sons tejashwi and tej pratap, both bihar government ministers, of being involved in corrupt land deals worth over rs 1,000 crore, and asked the central government to probe one such transaction in delhi.
union minister ravishankarprasad prasad had alleged that these transactions were a case of quid pro quo, suggesting that money was paid in return for favour, as they dated back to the period when lalu was the railway minister and dared bihar chief minister nitish kumar to take action against him.
lalu's rjd is a constituent of bihar's ruling coalition led by kumar.
lalu's official residence was the address of the owners of the firms allegedly floated by his family members, ravishankarprasad prasad had said.
by ptinew delhi: the government is ready with draft personal data protection law, and it may allow data mobility overseas based upon reciprocity, it and telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad said friday.
he also said that people are not pleased with european data protection law, and are looking the way it will shape up in india.
india will uphold its data sovereignty.
that will not be negotiable.
india is a huge country, generating a lot of data.
i do acknowledge that some degree of data movement is important in a digital world but that will be based upon reciprocity and understanding, prasad said at a confederation of indian industries event.
the draft of personal data protection bill, 2018 - which is based on the recommendations of the government-constituted high-level panel headed by justice bn srikrishna - restricts and imposes conditions on the cross-border transfer of personal data, and suggests setting up of data protection authority of india to prevent any misuse of personal information.
data is going to become an important area of growth, commerce and vulnerable area of dispute.
data protection law we have finalised.
i will take it to the cabinet.
i feel data anonymity should also be kept in focus.
anybody, indian or international, seeking to indulge in data commerce will have to follow the rules of the game, prasad said.
in response to a question from former infosys executive vice-chairman kris gopalakrishnan, prasad said the world is now looking at proposed data protection regulation in india.
i went to stanford to give a lecture and all of them are waiting for india's data protection law.
all of them, because they are not happy with european product at all.
therefore, (the) world is looking at india.
what is important, is india's moment must be seized properly, the minister said.
the government started process on framing personal data protection law after the supreme court held that privacy is a fundamental right and asked the government to work around it.
the minister reiterated his aim to grow india's digital economy to usd 1 trillion in next 4-5 years.
kotak mahindra bank md and ceo uday kotak asked the minister about preparation of india to deal with trade war-like scenario between the us and china.
india is too big a country to be swayed by these momentary impulses of competition.
my take is very simple.
regardless of all the limitation, let us learn to trust ourselves.
and whenever and wherever we have trusted ourselves - you all have given results, prasad replied.
he said that the matter is very sensitive for him to make any off the line comment.
what i feel is we must observe it closely, properly.
something good will come for india because globally people trust india's human resource, india's open society, india as a country (has) great substance and sanctity, prasad said.
the us has barred its software and hardware companies from supplying products and services to chinese telecom major huawei alleging security threat from the company.
while many experts see it a trade war in the name of security.
huawei has alleged that the us has been lobbying against the company across the world to stop it from rolling out 5g technology products.
in india, too, huawei and vodafone idea have signed a pact to jointly conduct 5g trials.
i have ordered to start 5g trials in coming 100 days, prasad said.
by anipatna: congress leader shatrughan sinha on saturday took a u-turn on his muhammad ali jinnah statement, saying that the remark was a slip of tongue from his side.
sinha said he wanted to take maulana azad's name but instead, uttered the name of pakistan founder muhammad ali jinnah.
the actor-turned-politician's clarification came after he courted controversy for saying that from mahatma gandhi to muhammad ali jinnah, all are part of congress parivar.
whatever i said yesterday was slip of tongue.
i wanted to say maulana azad but uttered muhammad ali jinnah, he claimed.
also read: jinnah too played a role in india's freedom, development, says shatrughansinha, who recently left bjp and joined congress, lauded muhammad ali jinnah along with mahatma gandhi, sardar patel, and jawaharlal nehru, saying they all had a role to play for india's independence.
ye congress parivar mahatma gandhi se leke, sardar vallabhbhai patel se leke, muhammad ali jinnah se leke, jawaharlal nehru se leke, swargiya indira gandhi se leke, rajiv gandhi se leke aur rahul gandhi se leke.
.
.
inki party hai jinka desh ke vikas me, desh ki tarakki me, desh ki azadi me sabse mehatvapurna aur sabse bada yogdaan hua, isliye hum yaha aye, sinha said while addressing a rally here.
the above quote roughly translates to - congress family from mahatma gandhi to sardar patel to muhammad ali jinnah to jawaharlal nehru.
.
.
it is their party.
they had the most important role in development and freedom of the country.
this is the reason why i have come here (in congress).
follow our full election coverage heresinha was in madhya pradesh to campaign for the state chief minister kamal nath's son nakul nath, who is contesting from the chhindwara lok sabha parliamentary constituency against bjp's nathan shah.
both kamal nath and his son were present at the event.
meanwhile, sinha will be contesting the ongoing polls from bihar's patna sahib constituency against bjp's ravishankarprasad prasad.
by express news servicenew delhi: scotching rumours that lok jan shakti paty (ljp) patriarch and union minister ram vilas paswan would be given rajya sabha nomination from assam, the bharatiya janata party (bjp) on monday fielded former jorhat mp kamakhya prasad tasa for the biennial election for the upper house from the state.
the states second rajya sabha seat is likely to be contested by birendra p baishya of nda ally asom gan parishad.
the bjp had denied lok sabha ticket to tasa from jorhat, apparently apprehensive that the people wouldnt rally behind him in the wake of violent protests over the citizenship (amendment) bill.
it, instead, fielded topon gogoi in a bid to appeal to the ethnic assamese community.
also read | after five terms, manmohan singh will not be nominated to rajya sabha from assampaswan may be asked to fill the rajya sabha vacancy arising out of the election of outgoing union minister ravishankarprasad prasad from patna sahib lok sabha constituency.
the ljp chief would like to represent bihar in the upper house in a bid to remain attached to the state where he has spent his political career, said a close aide of the union minister.
tasa is seen as a formidable leader with a strong following in about 27  tea garden vote base in the state.
tasa remained committed to the party even after he was denied renomination in the lok sabha elections.
he had won the jorhat parliamentary constituency in 2014.
he is credited with bjps growing influence n various caste groups who have settled in assam over the years, having arrived in the quest of jobs in the states tea gardens, a senior bjp functionary said.
the two rajya sabha seats are deemed to be up for grabs next month for the bjp-agp alliance, with numerical strength strongly in favour of the ruling alliance in the state.
chennai: moving swiftly, the centre tonight cleared an ordinance on jallikattu, paving the way for tamil nadu government to promulgate it in an effort to end the protests that have paralysed the state for the last four days.
following up on prime minister narendra modi's assurance to the tamil nadu chief minister o panneerselvam, the ministries of home, law and environment vetted the state's draft ordinance and cleared the amendment that will denotify the bull from the list of performing animals.
this will ensure that provisions of prevention of cruelty to animals act will not apply to the bull.
the ordinance has been forwarded to the state government, a home ministry spokesman said.
it has been sent without the need of referring it to the president of india.
tamil nadu cabinet is expected to meet tomorrow morning to clear the ordinance and recommend it to the governor vidyasagar rao for promulgation.
rao, who is also governor of maharashtra, is reaching chennai tomorrow morning.
jallikattu bull-taming sport, an age-old annual event during pongal is very popular in tamil nadu.
the centre's move came as tamil nadu has been brought to a standstill by a shutdown and protests by students, youths and other sections demanding immediate staging of the traditional sport in alanganallur, epicentre of jallikattu, and other places.
the protesters have said they would not withdraw the agitation until the event is held.
earlier, panneerselvam, who stayed back in the national capital after his meeting with prime minister narendra modi yesterday, announced this morning that the state government would issue an ordinance in a day or two to allow jallikattu.
he said legal steps would be taken to remove all obstacles in the way of holding the sport.
home minister rajnath singh, on whom a large delegation of aiadmk mps called, as also environment minister anil dave and law minister ravishankarprasad prasad gave assurances of early steps by the centre to resolve the issue soon.
parallely, attorney general mukul rohatgi told the supreme court that the centre was in talks with tamil nadu to find a way out in the matter after which the court agreed not to pass judgement for a week on the jallikattu issue.
with the centre drawing flak, bjp sought to project that its government was actively engaged in resolving the issue.
the law minister said he has held discussions with bjp president amit shah on the issue, while union minister pon radhakrishnan and tamil nadu bjp chief tamilisai soundarajan flanked dave when he met the media.
though political parties have been kept away from the 'youth uprising', main opposition party dmk staged state-wide rail roko agitation, with its working president mk stalin leading the protests by squatting on tracks in mambalam.
stalin and kanimozhi besides many dmk workers were arrested.
stalin has also announced that he will observe a day long fast tomorrow.
the call for general strike by various trade unions including those affiliated to dmk and the left parties besides section of traders bodies led to a shutdown with shops and business establishments downing shutters and schools and colleges remaining closed across the state.
the tamil film industry expressed solidarity with jallikattu supporters, with top actors and actresses joining a silent protest.
film shootings were suspended for the day.
superstar rajinikanth, actors ajit kumar, surya, siva karthikeyan besides actress trisha, who had faced flak from the pro-jallikattu groups for her perceived opposition to the sport by reportedly being associated with peta, joined the silent protest.
autos and call taxis kept off the roads even as few government buses plied on the roads.
banking operations took a hit with workers taking part in protests.
employees of various it companies held placards and banners with slogans against ngo people for the ethical treatment of animals (peta).
many inter and intra-state trains were fully and partially cancelled while some others were diverted.
the suburban emu services ran late.
in chennai, all roads led to marina beach with men and women, clad in black, besides children joining the protest that has transcended political and other differences.
new delhi: the centre has decided to go aggressive as it fielded many senior ministers on thursday to counter the opposition charge on demonetisation.
highly placed sources in the bjp said that ministers and party lawmakers will be present in different parts of the country to reach out to people on december 31 as the first phase of the drive against black money will come to an end.
the bjp also warned the congress of legal action over its baseless and untrue allegations that prime minister narendra modi and party chief amit shah have links with gujarat businessman mahesh shah, who is being probed for declaring unaccounted income of rs 13,860 crore.
union minister ravishankarprasad prasad rejected congress charge against amit shah, who is one of the directors of a gujarat bank in which deposits of over rs 500 crore were made and asserted that the bank has over 200 branches and it will give an explanation on the matter.
we want to make it clear that our prime minister and party president have no links whatsoever with mahesh sharma, against whom action is going on.
if the congress has any proof, it should talk about it.
otherwise, we will consider taking legal action under the law dealing with levelling of baseless allegations, prasad said.
prasad was accompanied by power minister piyush goyal.
goyal refuted the allegations that crores of rupees have been sent to the bjp office in poll-bound uttar pradesh.
we are getting indication for an historic support for bjp in up, he said, claiming that people have supported note ban despite hardships.
finance minister arun jaitley mainly spoke on the benefits of demonetisation.
he said that tax and revenue collections have gone up showing clear results of the demonetisation.
a large portion of the currency wiped out by the notes ban has already been replaced and the reserve bank has adequate new currency and would release 500 rupee notes to remonetisethe people have supported this move significantly, and not a single incident of any form of unrest has been reported in the country since the notes ban, jaitley said.
union minister m venkaiah naidu accused the congress of trying to tar the governments image by calling demonetisation a scam.
he said the notes ban move was an anti-scam vaccine but the opposition party is rattled at the prospect of the government going after illegal money.
naidu said contrary to perceptions, rabi sowing increased by 6.
37 , the number of foreign tourist arrivals up by 9.
3  and foreign exchange earnings up by 14.
4  this year.
by ptinew delhi: the government on wednesday constituted a group of ministers (gom) to look into the issues concerning jammu and kashmir, which has been bifurcated into union territories after abrogation of provisions under article 370.
government sources said law minister ravishankarprasad prasad, social justice and empowerment minister thawar chand gehlot, agriculture minister narendra singh tomar and minister for the pmo jitendra singh are part of the group.
the gom will suggest various development, economic and social steps to be taken for the two uts which will come into existence on october 31, sources said.
mumbai: it minister ravishankarprasad prasad on friday said the government had voiced its concern regarding the h1-b visa issue to the us and added that indians do not steal but create jobs.
we have conveyed our concern at the highest level (us administration) and i hope the american administration should know indian companies don't steal jobs.
they create jobs for a better india and a better us, prasad said at the india today conclave here.
indian it companies are present in 200 cities in 80 countries, including the us.
particularly for the us, the indian it companies have given nearly $20 billion as tax in the last five years.
they have given jobs to 4 lakh people there.
they have given value addition to nearly 75 per cent of the fortune 500 companies.
indian it initiative is an asset for america, he added.
the indian government has said that indian technical professionals help the us economy become competitive.
talking about india's digital drive, prasad said new delhi was involved in a transformative programme in india with programmes like digital india and start-up india to bridge the digital divide.
digital india is more for the under priviledged, the minister said.
he stated that in a country of 1.
25 billion, 1.
08 billion indians have mobile connections.
regarding the the bharat interface for money (bhim) app launched by the government, prasad said it had already witnessed 1.
8 crore downloads.
asked how secure were online transactions in india, at a time when the government was asking people to transact more through digital payments platforms, the minister said all the cyber security mechanisms were in place.
india's digital economy will be $1 trillion in the next 5-7 years.
we have to trust the enormous opportunity for digital economy.
regarding the government's stand on pornography sites, the minister was very candid that the government was against sites showing child pornography and had taken all necessary steps to stop it.
but prasad threw a question to the audience asking whether it was feasible to stop all pornography sites in india.
if an adult wants to watch pornography site in the privacy of his room, who are you to stop it?
he asked.
by express news servicenew delhi: the bjp on monday slammed the leader of the congress in the lok sabha, mallikarjuna kharge, for comparing prime minister narendra modi with german dictator adolf hitler.
the bjp also claimed that congress leader and former union minister p chidambaram was mocking the sentiments of the people by charging that the saffron outfit was taking recourse to statues and temples after having promised jobs.
speaking to reporters, union minister ravishankarprasad prasad lamented that kharge had compared modi with hitler.
i am shocked.
it was former prime minister indira gandhi who used the language of hitler during emergency.
claiming that kharge's tirade stemmed from desperation in the congress, which was staring at defeat in elections, prasad said that the congress leader could not move a step without the permission of the gandhi family.
incidentally, kharge had remarked in mumbai on sunday that modi was trying to do what hitler had done in germany, besides stating that the constitution was in danger.
prasad also took a swipe at chidambaram, who had tweeted that in the beginning the bjp had promised jobs and money in the bank accounts of citizens, but after four and a half years the party was back to statues and grand temple talk.
prasad said that congress president rahul gandhi, who often visits temples, needed to clarify the statement of the party leaders.
the congress needs to clear the party stand.
frequent temple visits aren't in sync with criticism of ram temple (at ayodhya) by the congress leaders, added prasad.
the minister claimed that the congress leaders were not paying attention to the sentiments of the people.
prasad also took exception to criticism of the statue of sardar vallabhbhai patel, saying that the congress had ignored the legacy of the unifier of the country.
the minister noted that hundreds of schemes and public places were named after members of the gandhi family.
by anipatna: private security guards of jailed rjd chief lalu prasad's elder son tej pratap yadav on sunday roughed-up a cameraperson while he was covering yadav at a polling booth.
yadav later alleged that the entire incident was a conspiracy to 'murder him'.
the camera person who was beaten by yadav's security guards allegedly broke the windscreen of yadav's car.
the incident occurred when yadav was leaving after casting his vote.
yadav later went to a police station in the city and filed an fir in regard with the incident.
speaking to ani after the incident, tej pratap said, my bouncer did not beat anyone but has suffered an injury on his hand.
i was leaving a poll booth when some media persons surrounded my vehicle.
one of the camerapersons also hit the windscreen of my car.
also read: lok sabha elections: media persons assaulted by lalu's elder son tej pratap yadav's bodyguardshe further dubbed the entire episode as a conspiracy to murder him and said, i have registered an fir.
in past also i have received threats.
i am being attacked continuously.
this all is planted and there is a conspiracy to murder me.
interestingly, yadav had arrived in an e-rickshaw to cast his vote at the polling station and had said that because his vehicle was taking time to come, he boarded the 'common man's ride'.
patna is among the 59 constituencies which went to polls today.
congress leader shatrughan sinha is seeking to retain the seat for a third consecutive term this time and contesting against bjp leader and union minister ravishankarprasad prasad from the seat.
by aninew delhi: the bharatiya janata party (bjp) on monday said not a single loan given under prime minister narendra modis rule has become a non-performing asset (npa).
addressing a press conference here, union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said, these days the congress has been asking too many questions about the npas.
we have categorically said that not a single loan given under our rule has become npa.
presenting figures, the union minister further stated that the npas increased manifold under the congress-led united progressive alliance (upa) government.
in 2008, the total advance given by the banks was rs. 18.
6 lakh crore.
during the subsequent six-year rule of the upa till march 2014, it rose to rs. 52.
15 lakh crore.
out of these advances, 36 percent loans were identified as stressed assets.
now, the stressed asset has risen to 82 percent out of that advances made in the upa government, prasad said.
there was one economist prime minister (dr. manmohan singh) and one super economist was his finance minister (p.
chidambaram).
the truth is that on the one hand, there was no npa during prime minister modis rule; and on the other hand, advances increased but did not reflect in records under the upa rule.
as a result, the stressed asset of 36 percent actually became 82 percent, prasad added.
he also said that entire banking system in india went haywire under former prime minister dr manmohan singhs rule due to all kinds of interference in it.
the bjp would like to say with a full sense of responsibility that under the so-called economist prime minister dr manmohan singh, the entire banking system was completely sought to be derailed because of interventions, patronage, and pressure,  prasad said.
the union minister said since modi government came to power in 2014, the politics of confusion, fear and concoction is the basis of the congress campaign against it.
new delhi: the union cabinet today gave its nod to a law ministry proposal to bring the repealing and amending bill, 2017 to scrap 105 redundant laws which have been clogging the statute books.
the 105 laws, which would be repealed once the bill is passed, include the 2008 amendments to the unlawful activities (prevention) act, the president's emoluments and pension act and the vice-president's pension act.
after the meeting of the cabinet, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad told reporters that the two-member committee constituted by the pmo, the law commission and the legislative department had identified 1824 redundant and obsolete central acts for repeal.
four acts have so far been enacted to repeal 1175 central acts between may, 2014 and august, 2016 by the parliament.
he said out of the 1824 acts, 227 acts including appropriation acts enacted by parliament for the states under president's rule, have been identified for repeal by the respective state governments.
a list of remaining 422 central acts was circulated among all the ministries/ departments for their comments on the repeal of acts pertaining to their respective ministries/departments.
till date, 73 ministries/departments including legislative department have given their comments whereby they have agreed to repeal 105 acts and disagreed to repeal about 139 acts.
it is noteworthy that this is not the first time that redundant laws are being scrapped by the current government.
the narendra modi government had scrapped 1159 obsolete laws in a period of just two years.
some of them included recruitment of foreigners during pre-independence period, license to kill and capture wild elephants in certain circumstances and regulating the grant of titles to qualified persons in western medical science.
by express news servicenew delhi: with more than 8 lakh cases pending in district and subordinate courts, uttar pradesh tops the list of states with the highest number of decade-old-court cases.
as per the national judicial data grid, there are 2.
91 crore cases pending in district and subordinate courts, out of which 21.
90 lakh cases are pending for more than 10 years.
uttar pradesh is followed by bihar, with more than 3 lakh pending cases, and maharashtra with over 2 lakh cases.
sikkim and andaman and nicobar are at the bottom with two and no pending cases, respectively.
union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad, in a written reply on wednesday in the lok sabha, stated that the government had taken several initiatives to provide an ecosystem for faster disposal of cases by the judiciary.
in august 2018, the ministry wrote to chief justices of high courts to ensure filling up of vacant posts of judges.
by ptinew delhi: the congress on thursday said the bjp linking it with christian michel, the alleged middleman in the agustawestland chopper deal, on the basis of an expelled lawyer is a case of the pot calling the kettle black.
many top leaders of the ruling party have represented fraudsters in the past, congress spokesperson jaiveer shergill said at a press conference.
on wednesday, the congress expelled youth congress leader and lawyer aljo k joseph from the party after he appeared in a court here for michel, who was extradited from dubai on tuesday for allegedly being the middleman in the upa era rs 3,600 crore vvip helicopter deal.
shergill alleged that the bjp is a one stop shop which provides full service to fraudsters and scamsters by acting as their advisors, lawyers, boarding pass agents, ticket agents, establishing in london agents and police protection agents.
the bjp linking the congress party with agustawestland on the basis of an expelled congress lawyer is a classic case of pot calling the kettle black, he said.
according to shergill, if the bjp was linking the congress with michel on the basis of a lawyer, they should answer on finance minister arun jaitley's family members taking fees from pnb scam accused nirav modi, union minister ravishankarprasad prasad representing subrata roy and vasundhara raje giving an affidavit in favour of lalit modi in london.
he also said the bjp must give an answer on jaitley representing stock broker ketan parekh.
earlier in the day, bjp spokesperson sambit patra, to a question about lawyer kin of some top bjp leaders appearing for those accused of corruption, said they did not only recuse themselves but also returned the fee paid to them.
it showed the clean conscience of bjp leaders while the congress is married to corruption, he said.
british businessman michel was sent to cbi custody for five days by a delhi court on wednesday, a day after he was extradited to india from the uae.
the cbi's plea for custody was opposed by michel's counsel  joseph and vishnu shankaran  who said they have not yet received any documents from the agency and the accused may be remanded to judicial custody.
new delhi: accusing the congress of painting aadhaar as a curse, the government today asserted that no poor person would be deprived of the subsidy benefits by making the aadhaar mandatory and that privacy of individuals will be protected.
minister of it and law ravishankarprasad prasad stated this in the rajya sabha while replying to a discussion on aadhaar against the backdrop of concerns expressed by the opposition over making the biometric-based identification system mandatory for availing of government subsidies.
i want to make it very clear on the behalf of the govermment that no poor shall be denied his subsidy rights at all.
be very clear about that.
whether it is, a mid day meal or any other benefit, we have said that you come on aadhaar but no denial will be there, he assured the house.
the right of privacy of individual must be respected.
.
.
the question to be considered is, are we invading privacy through the aadhaar law, the answer is 'no', he said.
observing that at present, over 113 crore residents in india have aadhaar, prasad said that aadhaar is safe, let me say proudly that the data is secure.
he said that in the last six years, the government has cancelled and blacklisted 34,000 operators who tried to pollute the system or tried to make fake aadhaar cards.
since december 2016, we have taken action against 1,000 operators.
we have a proper oversight system available which we do at all the authority at our command, he said.
accusing the congress of trying to paint aadhaar as a curse, prasad outlined several benefits associated with it.
you need to come on aadhaar but the benefits will not be denied to you, you can come with alternative identity proof be it ration card, mnrega card, driving licnse or others.
but please apply for aadhaar, that is the whole essence, he said.
fake bank accounts is a known phenomena.
we cannot wish away that poor people have lost their savings.
so these realities are known, prasad said.
to back his assertion of aadhaar data being secure, the law minister reasoned that minimum data is collected by the authorities, and information related to an individual's religion, caste, language, medical history or ethinicity is not profiled.
let me outline minimum data is being taken for preparation of aadhaar card, the authorities are under strict instructions to maintain that secrecy and if they flout they can also suffer three years of imprisonment and prosecution,the law minister argued.
pointing out that national security is important, he said that even in cases of national security, a high-level mechanism has been put in place whereby a designated officer of the home ministry shall for reasons to be recorded in writing certify disclosure of a person's aadhaar data.
further, he said that a committee headed by the cabinet secretary will ascertain and confirm that a person's aadhaar data needs to be disclosed in such cases.
this is the kind of safeguards we have given that the biometrics of an ordinary person even in case of national security cannot be opened unless certified by this level of higher authorities, prasad said.
the law minister categorically denied claims of the natgrid (national intelligence grid) being linked to aadhaar.
referring to the two interim orders passed by the supreme court on august 11, 2015 and october 15, 2015, permitting a set of subsidies to be given through aadhaar, prasad outlined that there was no aadhaar legislation in place at the time.
legally speaking, the law is well settled that parliament can remove the lacuna which the court points out and if one of the arguments in the court is that there is no legal framework available, the parliament has come up with the aadhar act, he said.
referring to a recent cag report which had found that 92 per cent of the savings in lpg subsidy was due to fall in global crude oil prices and not due to aadhaar seeding, prasad termed it a sketchy report.
i very seriously respect the institution of cag but the cag has got no mechanism to make a comment that this saving is only due to the lowering of the international crude oil prices.
this is too judgemental, not factual, the minister said.
prasad said the government saved about rs 50,000 crore lpg subsidy due to the linking of aadhaar card with jhan dhan accounts.
the world bank and a un body have clearly stated that the extraordinary technological innovation of india needs to be followed by the world.
surely they (upa government) started it, but after improvements, it is showing results and the benefits have to be considered objectively, he said.
the aadhaar scheme was started by the upa government.
now there is a robust legisation that has laid down the entire format of how the biometric data will be collected, processed, stored and under what terms and conditions will it be used, prasad said.
if there is unauthorised use of aadhaar card details, the law provides for prosecution and punishment for up to 3 years, he added.
congress leader jairam ramesh attacked the government for making aadhaar mandatory, saying it is gross violation of the supreme court orders.
making aadhaar mandatory for availing subsidies was resulting in exclusion of beneficiaries and the government cannot claim to have saved huge subsidies by this, he said.
elaborating on implementation issues, ramesh said the government claims to have saved rs 49,000 crore lpg subsidies by linking with aadhaar but a cag report has debunked this in a recent report.
the cag has found that 92 per cent of the savings in lpg subsidy was due to fall in global crude oil prices and not due to aadhaar seeding, he said, adding that similar was the case with food subidy, old-age pension and mnrega.
initiating the debate, rajeev chandrashekar (ind) expressed concern over fake aadhaar cards, data integrity and privacy issues and also exclusion of subsidies by making it mandatory.
he said he was not against the aadhaar system but the risks and problems need to be addressed by the government.
the government should not take a rigid position.
on fake aadhaar cards, chandrashekar said the government has inherited 100 crore unverified database created prior to bringing the law in 2016.
when there is clear evidence of fake aadhaar, he sought to know what safeguards the uidai had taken before permitting aadhaar for use as an identification beyond delivering subsidies.
this needs to be answered, he said.
during his reply, prasad, the it minister, said while the past government added optical network of 358 km in three years starting 2011, the present government in the past 2.
5 years has added 1.
78 lakh kilometers.
he said curently 80,000 villages have been covered in the country and more would be added.
in the past government, only rs 11,000 crore investment came in the electronics sector.
in our government there has been an investment of over rs 1.
27 lakh crore, he said.
in their time there used to be a nokia company which shut down.
we in the last two years manufactured 12 crore mobiles through 72 factories across the country, he added.
we never said they (previous government) did not used to do good work.
they used to begin good work but it is our duty to make it better.
that is why the people have brought us to power, prasad said.
to improve infrastructure will be the governmt's priority, he added.
trinamool congress leader derek o'brien said demographic data of 5 lakh minors was leaked and government should look into the matter.
if you protect ms dhoni, it is good but at the same time, you should also protect small people, he said.
by ptinew delhi: a ruling bjp member in the lok sabha wednesday countered telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad's remarks that during calamities, only state-run telecom operators provide free services to subscribers.
responding to supplementaries during question hour, prasad said during natural calamities such as floods and cyclones, only state-run telecom companies bsnl and mtnl extend free services to subscribers.
rajiv pratap rudy (bjp) claimed that other private operators too extend free services.
at this prasad asserted that while private companies provide free services only for a couple of days, bsnl and mtnl provide free services till the calamity is over.
rudy also claimed that often bsnl/mtnl calls drop but they are charged for.
he said since the companies are state run, when people do not get network, they end up blaming the government.
some opposition members said rudy should be made the minister to improve the state of affairs.
he was a minister of state in the previous modi government.
prasad said it is important that state-run companies are in a good fiscal health.
by ptinew delhi: acceding to the demand by tamil parties led by aiadmk, the government on tuesday decided to cancel the examination for appointment of postmen held on july 14 to hold it in all local languages including tamil.
the examination will now be held in all local languages, as per the notification of 10-5-2019 of the department concerned (with) examination, including (in) tamil, union minister ravishankarprasad prasad told the rajya sabha.
tamil parties had been protesting that questions in the postal department's examination for appointments of postmen and assistants in rural areas held on sunday were only in hindi and english, and not tamil.
the aiadmk were joined in by dmk, cpi and cpi-m members in the protests.
proceedings of the upper house were adjourned thrice during the pre-lunch period and again for 30 minutes after the upper house re-assembled at 2 pm on the issue.
when the proceedings resumed, prasad, who is the union minister for law and justice, communications and electronics and it said he has examined the matter and it has been decided to cancel the examination held on july 14.
certain issues were raised in this house by members, including my friends from tamil nadu.
i have examined the matter today itself and it has been decided to cancel the examination held on 14-7-2019, prasad said.
the minister said he would like to assure the house and the entire nation that the government led by narendra modi has respect for all regional languages, including tamil.
i have myself seen the depth of language of tamil when i was (election) in-charge there, and all other languages.
therefore this government's commitment to respecting all languages is full and total, prasad said.
his assurance satisfied the agitating members.
v maitreyan of the aiadmk expressed gratitude to prasad and said due to the development in the last couple of days unfortunately we were forced to raise the issue in the morning today in our own way.
i am really thankful on behalf of my party members.
a navaneethakrishnan of aiadmk said: i really thank our minister ravishankarprasad prasad and prime minister narendra modi.
thank you thank you thank you.
t k rangarajan (cpi-m) suggested that all departments should hold examinations in regional languages.
deputy leader of opposition in the rajya sabha, anand sharma (congress) said the larger issue is to pre-empt and ensure that there is no recurrence.
therefore, will the government give a categorical assurance to this house, and through the house to the people of the country, that for all future recruitments, examinations, interviews, in all central government departments, the psus, paramilitary forces, the three-language formula, the assurance for which was given by india's first prime minister (jawaharlal nehru) shall be adhered to.
hyderabad: union information and broadcasting minister m.venkaiah naidu on saturday said that it is high time for india to abolish triple talaq and do away with the discriminatory practice which has been denying justice to muslim women.
it is time for the country to move forward and abolish triple talaq to end the discrimination and have gender justice and equality before law.
articles 14 and 16 assure these things.
it is time to move and go according to the constitution and end this practice, which discriminates muslim women, naidu told ani here.
on october 7, the centre had filed an affidavit in the supreme court saying that triple talaq is not an essential religious practice in islam.
gender equality and dignity of women are non-negotiable, overarching constitutional values and can brook no compromise, the government said in an affidavit filed in the top court.
the muslim law board claimed that triple talaq is a 'personal law', and hence, cannot be modified by the centre.
the government countered the claim of the muslim law board and said, practices of triple talaq, polygamy and nikah halala cannot be regarded as essential part of religion and hence get no protection under fundamental right to religion.
defending the centre's opposition to the triple talaq system, union minister ravishankarprasad prasad asserted that in a secular nation like india, women cannot be allowed to suffer such arbitrary and derogatory systems.
listing out the centre's three-fold stand which was given in response to the supreme court over certain petitions filed by muslim women, prasad told ani that firstly, the issue concerns only and only about the dignity, non-discrimination of women, respect to them and gender justice and india being a secular country governed by a constitution, the abiding values of its constitution about gender justice, dignity of women needs to be respected.
the second is, india is a secular country.
secularism is a basic structure of the constitution.
can we, where we have got a secular india, allow the women to suffer a kind of a system which is derogatory and arbitrary?
he said.
illuminating the third point, the union minister mentioned that in more than a dozen islamic countries, ranging from bangladesh to syria and even pakistan, matrimonial laws have been regulated by law, including triple talaq.
in august, the all india muslim personal law board (aimplb), in its reply to the petitions, had defended the validity of triple talaq, saying that if the practice is discontinued, a man could murder or burn his wife alive to get rid of her.
if there develops serious discord between the couple, and the husband does not at all want to live with her, the legal compulsions of time-consuming separation proceedings and expenses may deter him from taking the legal course.
in such instances, he may resort to illegal, criminal ways of murdering or burning her alive, the aimplb's affidavit had stated.
triple talaq is the act of giving divorce to ones spouse in one setting.
by ptinew delhi: the congress thursday sought to distance itself from its leader b k hariprasad's comments on ailing bjp chief amit shah, saying the party wished good health to leaders of opposition parties so that they contest elections soon.
congress spokesperson priyanka chaturvedi said their leader rahul gandhi has already wished good health to finance minister arun jaitley and there can be no doubt about the party's intent.
when the party president has very categorically wished good health to union minister arun jaitley and all the leaders of the bjp, then i think there can be no other question, doubt about the congress' intent and our good wishes to opposition leaders, she told reporters.
the congress leader said they might oppose opposition leaders over ideas but would never wish anything bad for them.
i wish good health to amit shah and bjp leaders ravishankarprasad prasad ji and arun jaitley ji and all their other leaders who may be getting treated in a hospital, chaturvedi said.
she said the congress wished them good health and speedy recovery so that they come back and contest elections.
when asked about the bjp's attack over hariprasad's remarks, she said, it reflects the mindset of bjp leaders who had made remarks about the ill-health of a leader of opposition when her health was not good.
whenever an opposition leader was unwell, we would not draw parallels of such mindset that bjp leaders displayed, chaturvedi said.
senior congress leader b k hariprasad thursday mocked bjp president amit shah over his health, saying he contracted swine flu since his party made an alleged bid to destabilise the congress-jds government in karnataka.
as a few legislators have already come back, amit shah is shaken and has got fever.
it is not a normal fever.
it is swine flu, hariprasad said in remarks made in kannada in bengaluru.
you should know that if you try to destabilise the karnataka government, not just swine flu, you will get vomiting and dysentery also, he added.
the remark by hariprasad, a rajya sabha mp and congress general secretary, sparked an angry reaction from the bjp with the party's karnataka unit calling him a rogue and describing his remarks as shameless that showed his party's culture and his mental stability.
the bjp also requested rahul gandhi to admit hariprasad to the national institute of mental health and neurosciences (nimhans) in bengaluru for treatment.
shah is down with swine flu and is admitted in aiims and he announced his sickness in a tweet.
bjp has announced details of its four 'parivartan yatras' which will start from various corners of uttar pradesh between november5-9.
union minister ravishankarprasad prasad along with bhupendra yadav and anil jain, senior party leaders announced the details of the yatra today.
prime minister narendra modi will address six regional meetings ending on december 24.
state leaders will play a key role in bjp's bid to capture power in up.
union ministers rajnath singh and kalraj mishra, two leading saffron faces from the state, will be the key speaker at 10 meetings each.
the party has planned 30 rallies of its national leaders.
bjp president amit shah will address 10 of them, followed by uma bharti attending six of them.
the four yatras will converge in lucknow on december 24 after traversing over 17,000 km, prasad said.
the first yatra will start from saharanpur on november 5, second from jhansi on november 6 and third and fourth from sonbhadra and balia on november 8 and 9, respectively.
shah and mishra will be present during the launch of all the four yatras, while singh will be present at three venues, except saharanpur.
people's participation and development will be central themes of the yatras, prasad said.
he added that it would see participation from panchayat to parliament members.
bjp has 71 lok sabha mps from the state which has 80 seats.
bjp allies ram vilas paswan and ramdas athawale, two dalit faces of the nda, and uprendra kushwaha will also be joining the yatras.
by ptinew delhi: samajwadi party(sp) leader azam khan on thursday courted a fresh controversy when he made a sexist remark against bjp mp rama devi who was in the chair in the lok sabha sparking an uproar and demands for his apology.
the national commission for women(ncw) and the delhi commission for women (dcw) condemned khan's comment, dubbing it lecherous and disgraceful.
participating in the debate on the triple talaq bill, khan referred to the intervention of union minister mukhtar abbas naqvi and read out a couplet tu idhar-udhar ki baat na kar.
(do not divert from the topic).
at this, rama devi, who was presiding over the proceedings, asked khan not to look here and there and address the chair.
to this, the sp member made a sexist remark at the chair, triggering acrimonious scenes.
rama devi later directed that khan's remark be removed from the records.
she, however, said she is like his (azam khan's) younger sister.
khan's remark infuriated union ministers ravishankarprasad prasad and arjun ram meghwal as they urged the chair to ask him to apologise.
when khan was asked to do so by rama devi, he said he meant no disrespect to her as she was like his dear sister.
during the lok sabha poll campaign, khan, who is known to making controversial statements, had made objectionable remarks against actor-turned-politician jaya prada who contested on a bjp ticket.
the police lodged an fir against khan for insulting the modesty of a woman.
habitual offender azam khan doing what he does best, this time in the parliament - passed cheap comments on bjp mp rama devi(in the chair) - he said 'aap mujhe itni acchi lagti hain ki mera mann karta hai ki aap ki aankhon mein aankhein dale rahoon'.
third class man!
!
pic.
twitter.com/ylppnekpcz  priti gandhi (@mrsgandhi) july 25, 2019sp chief akhilesh yadav rose to defend khan.
meanwhile, speaker om birla took over the proceedings.
yadav said there was no intention to malign the chair, sparking protests by the bjp members.
he then made a remark on the conduct of bjp members.
the speaker took objection to the remark reminding yadav that he had been a chief minister and should be mindful of words which were unparliamentary.
he also asked the sp chief, a former chief minister of uttar pradesh, to apologise.
yadav said the word he used was first used by the treasury benches.
the speaker asked him to point out the member who used the term and asked the sp leader to apologise.
khan said he has spent a long time in politics and if he has used any unparliamentary language, he is ready to resign immediately.
as the speaker listened to both sides, danish ali (bsp) walked out of the house, saying he was not allowed to speak.
khan joined him in the walkout, saying he cannot speak when he was being insulted.
later, members of the sp and bsp walked out.
saugata roy(tmc) said what happened in parliament now was not good.
adhir ranjan chowdhury, leader of the congress in the lok sabha, said it is not good if if members of the minority community leave the house when the triple talaq bill is being discussed.
birla said maintaining the dignity of the house is the responsibility of all members.
a party may have more numbers, but the house runs on consensus.
members want remarks to be expunged.
but we should not make statements which have to be expunged.
when people hear such statements, they form an opinion about mps, he said.
.
.
.
: @swatijaihind @sandhyatimes4u @lalitsohan#azamkhan pic.
twitter.com/3az74vkv3p  suraj sing (@surajsolanki_st) july 25, 2019earlier, participating in the debate, danish ali said something about bjp members not giving rights to women.
but his remarks were expunged by rama devi.
bjp mps protested against ali's remark, saying he was making personal allegations.
national commission for women (ncw) chairperson rekha sharma said khan should be disqualified from parliament.
#azamkhan again did what he is good at.
misbehaving and using inappropriate language for women and this time with none other than woman sitting on speaker's chair in parliament.
i strongly condemn his disgraceful and sexist remark.
he must get disqualified from parliament, shah posted on twitter.
delhi commission for women (dcw) chief swati maliwal also hit out at the former uttar pradesh minister and said he should be sent to jail for his lecherous comment.
shame on azam khan.
such lecherous comment against mp sitting on speaker chair.
a man with such notorious reputation of vile speech against women has no right to be in parliament.
when will centre create law to arrest such politicians?
send this man 2 mental asylum and then jail!
she tweeted.
by iansnew delhi: the union cabinet has cleared a proposal to amend the protection of children from sexual offences (pocso) act, 2012 which recommends death penalty for aggravated penetrative sexual assault on children.
briefing the media on the decisions taken at the cabinet meeting held on thursday, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said the cabinet had cleared far-reaching amendments.
it is a very wholesome initiative by the government to strengthen and enlarge the scope of pocso.
he said apart from providing for the death penalty in aggravated offences, the amendments also provide for stringent punishment for the offence of administering hormones for making children artificially major.
the proposed amendments also provide for a jail term for propagating child pornography and fine for not reporting it.
the pocso act defines a child as any person below eighteen years of age.
earlier in april, the government had issued an ordinance to provide for the death penalty for those convicted of raping girls below 12 years of age and life term for raping a girl below 16 following the outrage over the rape and murder of an eight-year-old girl in kathua in jammu and kashmir and similar crimes in other parts of the country.
the modification is made to address the need for stringent measures required to deter the rising trend of child sex abuse in the country, an official statement said.
to discourage the trend of child sexual abuse by acting as a deterrent, section-4, section-5 and section-6 are proposed to be amended to provide option of stringent punishment, including death penalty, for committing aggravated penetrative sexual assault crime on a child, to protect the children from sexual abuse, the statement said.
the amendments are also proposed in section-9 to protect children from sexual offences in times of natural calamities and disasters and in cases where children are administered, in any way, any hormone or any chemical substance, to attain early sexual maturity for the purpose of penetrative sexual assault, it added.
the government said that amendments to sections 14 and 15 are also proposed to address the menace of child pornography.
it is proposed to levy fine for not destroying or deleting, or (not) reporting the pornographic material involving a child.
the person can be further penalized with jail term or fine or both for transmitting, propagating, administrating such material in any manner except for the purpose of reporting as may be prescribed and for use as evidence in court, it said.
penal provisions have been made more stringent for storing or possessing any pornographic material in any form involving a child for commercial purpose.
the government said the amendment is expected to discourage the trend of child sexual abuse by acting as a deterrent due to the strong penal provisions incorporated in the act.
it may protect the interest of vulnerable children in times of distress and ensure their safety and dignity, it added.
new delhi: lawyers have decided to abstain from judicial work in all courts across the country tomorrow in protest against a proposed bill that bars advocates from holding agitation and makes them liable to compensate litigants if they go on strike.
the bar council of india (bci), the apex body of advocates, has given a call for the strike across the country, saying the recommendations were against their interests.
bci chairman manan kumar mishra said lawyers practising in the supreme court have been kept out of the strike, but they will show their solidarity with the striking lawyers by wearing white band on their arms.
advocate neeraj, general secretary of coordination committee of bar associations of all delhi district courts, said that a group of lawyers today met union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad who assured them that the bill would not be passed without consulting them.
according to the bci website, there were some 12 lakh lawyers all over the country as of 2013.
lawyers are opposing the advocates (amendment) bill, 2017 proposed by the law commission of india to the government which, among others, lays down the definition of misconduct which according to the bci has only been defined in its rules.
the bci has claimed that misconduct has been defined in a provocative manner and would make it difficult and risky for a lawyer to accept the brief of any client.
negligence, not showing due diligence, misbehaviour, dishonourable conduct (towards the client or towards the court or anybody) amounts to misconduct under the definition of law commission of india, as per a bci release.
the proposed changes in the advocates act also include removal of a lawyer's name from the rolls if he or she abstains from court work.
the bci has claimed that this will lead to usurping of their right to protest.
the law commission has further proposed to impose a fine which may extend up to rs 3 lakh and the cost of proceedings and also award compensation of such an amount, subject to a maximum of rs 5 lakh as it may deem fit, payable to the person aggrieved by the misconduct of the advocate.
lawyers would also be liable to pay compensation to litigants if they abstain from work even if the client has not paid the advocate.
the non-payment of fees either in full or part by a person to his advocate shall not be a defence available for the lawyer against whom claim for compensation due to alleged misconduct or participation in strike or otherwise is made by the client.
by iansnew delhi: of the bjp's 303 lok sabha members who got elected in the just-concluded elections, 131 are first timers and include party president amit shah.
the list also includes former union minister ravishankarprasad prasad and celebrities from sports to film fraternity like sunny deol, ravi kishan, gautam gambhir and hans raj hans.
there are many in the list like pratap singh sarangi (balasore), tejasvi surya (banglore south), rajdeep roy, jyotirmoy singh mahato (purulia) who have emerged from humble backgrounds and have won unexpected victories in the elections.
some seers like balak nath (alwar) and jai siddheshwar shivacharya swami (solapur) also made it to the lower house of parliament.
controversial pragya thakur, a hindutva hardliner and an accused in the 2008 malegaon bomb blasts case, also became a lawmaker.
among the first-timers, most are from uttar pradesh (20) where the bjp won 62 of the 80 seats.
bhojpuri film star ravi kishan won from gorakhpur, the seats represented by chief minister yogi adityanath.
he won with a margin of over 3 lakh vote against the sp-bsp alliance candidate ram bhuwal nishad, who belongs to the dominant fishermen caste.
rita bahuguna joshi, a minister in the yogi government won from allahabad and endured her first entry to lok sabha.
ramapati ram tripathi, the former state unit president won from deoria, the seat earlier represented by former union minister and bjp veteran kalraj mishra.
among others who registered their first lok sabha victory are sanghmitra maurya, daughter of up minister swami prasad maurya (badayun), jai prakash (hardoi), rajvir diler (hathras), anurag sharma, a well-known industrialists (jhansi), arun kumar sagar and pradeep kumar.
after uttar pradesh, maximum number of first time lok sabha members are from west bengal, which witnessed a fiercely fought battle between the bjp and the ruling trinamool congress.
barring babul supriyo, s.s. ahluwalia and saumitra khan, 15 are the first timers.
the bjp won for the first time a total 18 out of 42 seats in the state.
in madhya pradesh, the bjp won 28 of the 29 seats.
among the 28 winners, 12 are first timers including a giant killer k. p. yadav, who defeated congress' jyotiraditya scindia from guna.
guna has gone back to the bjp after two decades, even though the saffron party's candidate was an outsider.
the bjp had last won the seat in 1999, when rajmata vijaya raje scindia -- jyotiraditya's grandmother -- was the mp.
after that, her son madhavrao scindia won as a congress candidate.
thereafter, jyotiraditya became mp in 2002, after his father madhavrao's death in a plane crash in september 2001.
dhal singh bisen, durga das uike, sandhya rai, mahendra singh solanki, vivel narayan shelwalkar, himadri singh are the other prominent faces one who their seats and reached lok sabha.
pragya singh thakur, an accused in malegao blast case, remianed in controversy throughout the election but finally she defeated senior congress leader and former madhya pradesh chief minister digvijay singh from bhopal by a huge margin of over 3 lakh votes.
in gujarat, the home state of prime minister narendra modi and the bjp chief, 10 out of the total 26 elected mps are the first timers.
shah, a rajya sabha member who contested lok sabha polls for the first time, won from gandhinagar by a record margin.
the first-timers from the state also include hansmukh bhai patel, mitesh bhai patel, parbat bhai patel, gita ben rathava, sharda ben patel, ratan singh rathore, debhi bharat sinh, ramesh bhai dhadhuk and munjapara mahendra.
chhattisgarh, karnataka and maharastra, where the bjp did almost a sweep, elected nine first time mps each.
in chhattisgarh, the bjp had denied tickets to all its sitting mps.
out of the 11 seats, the bjp won nine.
all the nine are first timers.
they are arun sao, vijay baghel, mohan mandavi, chunni lal sahu, guharam ajgalley, sunil kumar soni, santosh pandey and renuka singh.
among the first timers, a prominent name is of siddheshwar shivacharya swami, who defeated congress heavyweight sushil kumar shinde in solapur.
sujay radhakrishna, sunil mendhe, bharti pravin pawar, unmesh patil, sudhakar tukaram, ranjit singh nimbalkar, manoj kotak and pratap rao chikhalikar are among others who registered their first lok sabha victory.
among those from karnataka, who won the polls for the first time, are tejashvi surya, y. devendrappa, v. srinivas prasad, b. n. bache gowda, anna saheb jolle, a. narayanswami, s. muniswamy and raja amareshwara naik.
assam sent seven first time mps while odisha six, haryana and telangana each sent four mps, bihar three and himachal pradesh, tripura, delhi and punjab each sent two first time mps.
among three new entrants from bihar, the most prominent name is of ravishankarprasad prasad.
fighting a high-stakes battle, prasad emerged victorious in his first lok sabha election, defeating his colleague-turned opponent shatrughan sinha by more than 2.
84 lakh votes.
a four-time rajya sabha mp, prasad has held various ministerial portfolios, including that of law and justice, under prime minister narendra modi as well as atal bihari vajpayee governments.
singer-turned-politician hans raj hans and cricketer-turned-politician gautam gambhir won north west delhi and east delhi repectively while cine star sunny deol won from gurdaspur in punjab.
he defeated sitting mp and state congress president sunil jakhar.
pratap chandra sarangi, a grassroots worker of bjp, defeated biju janata dal's incumbent rabindra jena by 12,956 votes.
except for 1998, 1999 and 2004, the seat had never been in the account of bjp.
sarangi had been elected as mla from the nilgiri seat in 2004 and 2009, but lost to jena in 2014.
by iansnew delhi: the election commission on saturday announced by-elections to six rajya sabha seats on july 5 which fell vacant as the sitting members were elected to the lok sabha and state assemblies in the april-may 2019 elections.
the seats include two from gujarat, that held by bjp president amit shah, who won the state's gandhinagar lok sabha seat, and union minister smriti irani who defeated congress president rahul gandhi in uttar pradesh's amethi lok sabha seat.
the other four seats have fallen vacant after union minister ravishankarprasad prasad from bihar and achyutananda samanta from odisha got elected to the lok sabha, while pratap keshari deb and soumya ranjan patnaik won the odisha assembly elections, held simultaneously with those of the lok sabha.
according to a press note from the election commission, the filing of nominations will begin on june 18 and go on to june 25.
the candidatures could be withdrawn up to june 28.
the polling will take place from 9 a.
m.
to 4 p.
m.
on july 5 and the counting will be conducted on the same day.
the election process shall be completed by july 9, the election commission saidd.
mehsana: rahul gandhi today alleged that narendra modi as gujarat chief minister had taken money from sahara and birla groups and demanded an independent inquiry into it, a charge bjp rejected as an attempt to divert attention from the agustawestland probe in which the names of congress leaders and the family were coming up.
addressing a rally here in the prime minister's home state, he alleged that in the i-t records there are notings of sahara officials' claims that they had paid 9 times to modi between october, 2013 and february, 2014.
gandhi said the documents in this regard were with it department which had raided the company when modi was gujarat chief minister.
similarly, as per documents with income tax department, the birla group also paid rs 12 crore to modi when he was chief minister.
wondering as to why there has been no probe in the matter so far, gandhi demanded an independent inquiry.
last week, gandhi claimed that he had evidence of personal corruption of prime minister but he was being prevented from speaking in the lok sabha because it would cause an earthquake.
reacting to gandhi's allegations, union minister ravishankarprasad prasad said in new delhi that the charges are baseless, false, shameful and mala fide and an attempt to divert attention from the agustawestland probe as names of congress leaders and the family are coming up.
party spokesperson g v l narasimha rao said gandhi was immature and was just indulging in bluff and bluster because people are not taking him seriously.
people of india have stopped taking him seriously.
rahul gandhi is just bluff and bluster.
there is no substance in what he says.
he is just showing his and his party's incompetence, he said.
gandhi said he was raising the issue on behalf of the country which needs answers over the questions raised against the prime minister.
pm modi takes bribes and then shamelessly foists demonetisation on indians under the garb of 'fighting black money, congress tweeted after the rally quoting its vice-president rahul gandhi.
rahulji asks if modiji received this money from sahara or not?
if this document is with income tax, will modi now investigate it?
, tweeted party chief spokesperson randeep surjewala.
by aninew delhi: two days before his swearing-in ceremony, prime minister narendra modi and bjp president amit shah on tuesday held an extensive meeting that lasted for around five hours.
according to sources, both the leaders are believed to have discussed the shape of the government, which will be sworn in on thursday, may 30 and the formation of the new council of ministers.
speculations are rife on the future role of shah inside and outside the bjp.
it is believed that shah, who played a crucial role in the bjp's return to power with a sweeping majority, may join the government.
however, shah himself has always evaded an answer to this stating that he is not in the know of the matter.
also read | modi's new cabinet to reflect youth, experience, to groom future bjp leadershipaccording to sources, around 60 to 66 new ministers could be sworn-in on may 30.
it will include some new faces and states like west bengal, telangana and odisha, in which the party has done well, and are expected to have a good number in the council of ministers.
sources also indicate that key members from the previous cabinet such as rajnath singh, nitin gadkari, nirmala sitharaman, ravishankarprasad prasad, piyush goyal and narendra singh tomar are expected to be retained in the new government.
there are also high chances that a few previous ministers may be dropped this time due to their low performance.
aiadmk, an ally of the nda, which managed to get only one seat in the recently concluded lok sabha elections, is expected to get one ministerial berth.
shiv sena and jd(u) are expected to get two berths while one berth each will be there for ljp and sad.
by ptinew delhi: the seven-phase lok sabha elections, one of the most bitterly fought in recent memory, will come to a close sunday when polling will be held in 59 constituencies including in varanasi where prime minister narendra modi is seeking to retain the seat.
polling will be held in all 13 seats in punjab and an equal number of seats in uttar pradesh, nine in west bengal, eight seats each in bihar and madhya pradesh, four in himachal pradesh, three in jharkhand and the lone seat chandigarh.
over 10.
01 crore voters are expected to decide the fate of 918 candidates.
the election commission has set up more than 1.
12 lakh polling stations for smooth conduct of polls.
on sunday, a bypoll will be held in panaji, necessitated due to the death of former chief minister manohar parrikar in march.
bye-elections will also be held in four assembly constituencies of tamil nadu -- sulur, aravakurichi, ottapidaram (sc) and thiruparankundram.
counting of votes will be taken up on may 23.
an average of 66.
88 per cent voters exercised their franchise in the last six phases.
the whole elections were spread over 38 days.
in uttar pradesh, all eyes will be on varanasi, where besides modi, 25 other candidates are in fray.
read| too close to call: gorakhpur battle befitting climax for lok sabha pollsmodi's main challengers are congress's ajay rai and sp-bsp grand alliance's nominee shalini yadav.
union minister manoj sinha, uttar pradesh bjp chief mahendra nath pandey are seeking re-election from ghazipur and chandauli, respectively.
the bjp is contesting 11 lok sabha seats in this phase, while its ally apna dal (sonelal) is contesting mirzapur, currently held by union minister anupriya patel, and robertsganj.
sad chief sukhbir singh badal and union ministers harsimrat kaur badal and hardeep singh puri are among the 278 candidates including 24 women whose fate will be decided in punjab on sunday.
besides punjab, more than 6 lakh voters in the union territory of chandigarh will choose between sitting mp and bjp candidate kirron kher and former railway minister and congress candidate pawan kumar bansal.
actor turned politician sunny deol, punjab congress chief sunil jakhar, aam aadmi party's punjab unit chief bhagwant mann are among other prominent candidates in the fray.
also read| punjab to seal fate of sukhbir badal, two union ministers on sundayon most of the 13 seats, the contest appears to be a direct fight between the congress and shiromani akali dal-bjp alliance.
a conglomeration of several political outfits, the punjab democratic alliance (pda) led by aap rebel sukhpal singh khaira, is also contesting on all 13 seats while sad (taksali), a breakaway faction of sad, has fielded one candidate from anandpur sahib.
in 2014, the aap and the sad had won four seats each, the congress three and the bjp two.
an electorate of 1,49,63,064 will decide the fate of 111 candidates in nine seats of west bengal -- kolkata north and kolkata south, dum dum, barasat, basirhat, jadavpur, diamond harbour, jayanagar (sc) and mathurapur (sc).
also read| can mimi chakraborty do a mamata of 1984 in jadavpur?
eight seats, barring jadavpur, will witness a contest among the trinamool congress, the bjp, the congress and the left front.
the congress has given the jadavpur seat a miss.
the nine constituencies are spread across the three districts of kolkata, south and north 24 parganas.
the high-voltage campaign for the final phase saw poll meetings by prime minister narendra modi, bjp president amit shah, uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath, congress leader sachin pilot and west bengal chief minister and tmc chief mamata banerjee.
shah's roadshow in the city on tuesday was marred by violence and destruction of social reformer ishwar chandra vidyasagar's bust in a college in north kolkata.
in a first such action in india's electoral history, the election commission ordered campaigning in the nine west bengal constituencies to end at 10 pm on thursday, instead of 6 pm on friday, in the wake of the violence between the bjp and the tmc during shah's roadshow.
as many as four union ministers - ravishankarprasad prasad, ram kripal yadav, rk singh and ashwini kumar choubey - are among the 157 candidates in bihar.
seven of these seats were won by the nda last time, five by the bjp and two by the rlsp, which is now with the mahagathbandhan.
follow our full election coverage hereone was bagged by the jd(u) headed by chief minister nitish kumar, which then fought separately but is now back with the nda.
by-poll will also be held for the dehri assembly seat.
the most keenly-watched contest is in patna sahib where prasad, one of the most prominent members of the narendra modi cabinet, is seeking entry into the lok sabha.
he is pitted against shatrughan sinha - the actor-turned-politician, who won it on both occasions for the bjp and is now in the fray as the congress candidate.
the electoral fortunes of 42 candidates including that of former chief minister and union minister shibu soren will be decided on sunday in jharkhand.
soren, the chief of jharkhand mukti morcha and eighth term sitting mp is in the fray from dumka seat once again.
he is crossing swords with bjp's sunil soren.
the jmm leader had defeated his bjp challenger twice in 2009 and 2014.
dewas, ujjain, mandsaur, ratlam, dhar, indore, khargone and khandwa seats in madhya pradesh, all currently held by the bjp, will go to polls in madhya pradesh.
former union ministers kantilal bhuria, arun yadav are in the fray from ratlam and khandwa, the latter seeing a tough fight between yadav and ex-mp bjp chief nandkumar singh chauhan.
polling will also be held in all four lok sabha constituencies in himachal pradesh where as many as 45 candidates, including five legislators, are in the fray.
by uninew delhi: the bjp on thursday sought to mount pressure on the congress president rahul gandhi vis-a-vis possibilities of elevation of kamal nath as new chief minister of madhya pradesh and said if 1984 sikh massacre tainted kamal nath is appointed to the post than punjab chief minister capt amarinder singh should resign.
when rahul gandhi appointed 1984 sikh massacre.
kamal nath as in-charge of punjab assembly election, @capt_amarinder protested till his removal.
if raga still appoint sikh murderer kamal nath as cm, captain sahab should protest & resign from congress, delhi bjp spokesman tajinder pal singh bagga tweeted.
meanwhile, congress president said inputs are being taken from mlas and congress workers on who should be made chief minister(s) in madhya pradesh and also rajasthan.
in the run-up to the recently held polls, on november 21, union minister and bjp leader ravishankarprasad prasad took a dig at kamal nath, the congress heavyweight in madhya pradesh, and reminded the congress leadership on how quickly it had to make retreat in its decision for making nath the party in charge for punjab.
mr kamal nath is in news these days due to madhya pradesh polls.
for his role in 1980s, the congress party had to change its decision and removed him as party in-charge for punjab within a week, mr prasad had told reporters here.
baat niklegi toh bahut duur taq jaegi (if we start talking about issues, we can really expose congress), the union minister said in reference to alleged role of various congress leaders in the infamous 1984 anti-sikh riots.
in june 2016, kamal nath was compelled to resign as party in-charge for punjab after his appointment to the key post provoked controversy.
in his resignation letter to party chief sonia gandhi, kamal nath, now pradesh congress chief in madhya pradesh, had urged the then congress president sonia gandhi to relieve him from the post.
new delhi: amid demands to lift ban on bull taming sport of jallikattu, the government today said it is making efforts to bring out a legal solution at the earliest.
law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said here that the narendra modi government respects the culture of tamil nadu and is mindful of the sentiments expressed by the people in the state through a peaceful protest.
efforts are on to bring out a legal solution at the earliest .
.
.
i along with environment minister anil dave and attorney general (mukul rohatgi) have discussed the issue.
we have also talked to bjp president amit shah, he told reporters here refusing to elaborate whether the state government would come up with an ordinance on the issue.
prasad also hit out at the previous upa government for challenging the law on jallikattu of the tamil nadu government after the matter was flagged by the animal welfare board and termed it as a legacy issue for the present government.
asked whether a legislation was the right way as it would set a precedent and people would demand revocation of ban on other similar sport, he said legislation is the felt need of the society.
in a bid to defuse the swelling street protests, tamil nadu government today said it will issue an ordinance to ensure the conduct of jallikattu sport in a day or two and has submitted a draft of it to the union home ministry.
after discussions with prime minister narendra modi and consultations with legal experts, tamil nadu chief minister o panneerselvam announced this morning that the state government will amend a central act on prevention of cruelty to animals to allow conduct of jallikattu in the state with centre's backing.
new delhi: the central government is planning to make all ration shops under the public distribution system in the country aadhaar-enabled by june 30 this year, it minister ravishankarprasad prasad today said.
we will make all 5.
58 lakh ration shops aadhar-enabled by june 30.
we are in discussion with food and consumer affairs ministry for this, prasad told reporters here.
he said that already all ration shops in gujarat, andhra pradesh and rajasthan have been made aadhar-enabled.
in gujarat, even payment in ration shops is being made using thumb impression which is linked to aadhaar, prasad said.
he also said that government is working on bringing everyone under the aadhar system by june 30.
everyone has to have aadhaar by june 30, the minister said but added that the government will not force it on the people but request those who chose to stay out to come and join the platform.
the minister said that government is working on new rules for digital wallets and the draft will be soon placed in public domain for comments.
our act will be framed under it act.
it will take care of consumer interest and cyber security, prasad said.
by anipatna: a day after the supreme court cancelled the hearing in the ayodhya title suit case due to the unavailability of one of the judges, union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad on monday said that the matter should be solved as soon as possible.
the top court cancelled the hearing in the case slated for january 29 by a five-judge bench due to the unavailability of one of the judges, justice sa bobde.
on friday, the apex court had constituted a new five-judge constitution bench headed by chief justice ranjan gogoi and comprising justice ashok bhushan, justice abdul nazeer, justice sa bobde and justice dy chandrachud.
read| we can resolve ayodhya dispute in 24 hours if supreme court can't: yogi adityanathin response to a question, prasad told media here, i don't want to comment on this.
but i would like to say that a huge mass of the country wants a grand ram temple in ayodhya.
we often say that this matter should be solved constitutionally.
he added, i would like to say as a citizen of india and not as the union law minister that the ram janmabhoomi matter is pending since last 70 years.
allahabad verdict was mainly in favour of ram janmabhoomi.
the appeal is also pending since last 10 years.
this matter should be solved as soon as possible.
justice ashok bhushan and justice abdul nazeer were brought in to replace justice uu lalit and justice nv ramana as both of them were a part of the three-judge bench, headed by former cji deepak misra, which refused to refer the matter to a five-judge constitution bench by a 2:1 verdict in september last year.
the three-judge bench had ruled that the apex court would hear the issue purely as a land dispute, dismissing a plea to reconsider the apex courts 1994 judgement that a mosque was an integral part of islam.
in 2010, the allahabad high court had divided the disputed land in ayodhya into three parts for each of the parties  the sunni waqf board, the nirmohi akhara and ram lalla.
ravi shankar bypower disrupts but absolute power disrupts more in coalitions.
the very purpose of a leader is to come to power and his political partys aim is to help him do that by using his or her charisma and acceptability to disseminate ideology.
the election war in karnatakawhere the bjp lost but no party wonwas a clash of ideologies and personalities.
ultimately ideology lost and personality won; in this it was a personality without an ideology.
the congress formula was marred in the populist laboratory of opportunistic politics, as its constant experiments in vote engineering diluted its core ideology of egalitarian india.
it adapted to include socialism, protectionism, welfare extravagansas, communalism and economic reform to become a smorgasbord of lost ideas.
these convolutions were driven by the partys efforts to combat regionalism and growing nationalism.
h d deve gowda, the only regional leader to have become an accidental prime minister, was no friend of the congress but ironically is now the paterfamilias of a partnership that includes the very party that sabotaged his premiership in april 1997.
ambition has one father but has many children.
deve gowdas son h d kumaraswamy, who leads his insecure coalition government, has also grown up in the political creche of ambition.
he has confessed that he is at the mercy of his big brother.
even a resolution of the cabinet crisis does not augur well for the jd(s)-congress partnership.
the congress had been in power for five years and kumaraswamy wants to rule for the next five.
but there is a numerical interruption in between: 2019.
if the state polls were a referendum, the vote is not for the coalition.
but its not for the bjp either.
however, the coalition is likely to be in power until the poll bell tolls next yearthe disparate siamese twins need each other.
in case of an inevitable fall, a sympathy vote is always welcome.
it suits the bjp just fine, for it is easier to demolish an ineffective and politically internecine administration than a cohesively efficient unit.
in karnataka, the bjp has two targets for 2019, both who are natural enemies than ideological partners.
the congress is a national party which has become an apology of a regional force, having lost nearly all the states it ruled over in the last four years.
but in karnataka, the bjps votes went to the jd(s), while the congress lost just 3 percent.
the party that lost the least formed the government than the one that lost the most.
political arithmetic is a macbethian witch, which cooks up unpredictable formulae for the future.
the jd(s)-congress coalition is unlikely to continue until it becomes clear which party gets the most number of lok sabha seats next year.
the bjp has to realise that at the national level it needs a perception overhaul as a party that cares and not as a party that roars.
in the political climate that led up to 2014, when the upa governments voice had been reduced to an apologetic whisper, it was narendra modis leonine roars that shook the country.
on may 30, when indian oil corporation ltd cut petrol prices by one paisa it seemed like a cruel joke played on people.
petroleum prices may be linked to the global rate, but perception drives the bus.
karnataka has a bandwagon with passengers going in different directions but modi has to bring his party back on the road to power where oratory echoes the daily concerns of the people.
new delhi: the bjp on tuesday reported that the dalit empowerment and corruption are not synonymous to each other after the bsp supremo mayawatis accusations that the narendra modi led nda government at the centre is anti-dalit following the probe by the enforcement directorate on deposits of over rs 100 crores in the partys bank account.
is the huge amount of money deposited in bank account of bsp a money conversion exercise.
empowerment of dalits and graft are not synonymous to each other.
she is indulging in baseless allegations against the government, said union minister for law minister ravishankarprasad prasad, who added that the bjp rejects the allegations of mayawati with the contempt they deserve.
the minister wondered if the ed does a routine exercise, why is she so rattled?
will your corruption be hidden in the name of dalits.
prasad stressed that the bsp chiefs claims that the ed probe into money deposits is a battle against dalits is rather an insult to scheduled caste people.
the interesting aspect is that the bsp chief did not deny the deposits in the bsp's account.
it raises a bigger question.
is it a donation or money conversion exercise?
the development of dalits cannot be mortgaged to corruption, quipped prasad.
the minister who was fielded by the bjp to counter the allegations of the bsp chief also wondered at the claims that small currencies given to the party in donations were converted into bigger bills.
the money was not deposited in august, september and october but soon after demonetisation decision on november 8.
it also raised a lot of suspicion.
now we are getting signals of why she has been opposing the note ban so strongly from the first day, added prasad.
by ptinew delhi: the bjp tuesday dismissed rahul gandhi's allegations against narendra modi on the rafale jet deal as height of shamelessness and irresponsibility, and asserted that the e-mail he cited to criticise the prime minister referred to some chopper deal and not the purchase of the fighter aircraft.
senior party leader and union minister ravishankarprasad prasad also put airbus, whose internal e-mail was cited by the congress president, in a dock, saying the european aircraft manufacturer is under a needle of suspicion in deals finalised during the previous congress-led government.
he asked gandhi to answer how he got hold of the company's internal communication and accused him of acting as a lobbyist of foreign firms.
speaking to reporters soon after gandhi's press conference, prasad also took strong exception to the congress leader charging modi with treason.
also read: rajiv mehrishi never dealt with defence ministry proposals on rafale: finance ministrythe bjp leader said his party had serious differences with former prime ministers, who came from the gandhi family, over several murky defence deals signed during their term but never accused them of treason.
he (rahul gandhi) has thrown muck at his own face by abusing our honest prime minister.
we will expose his lies before the public, he said.
earlier tuesday, gandhi accused modi of acting as a middleman of anil ambani in the rafale jet deal, as he cited the e-mail to claim the businessman was aware of the mou before india and france signed it.
he also accused modi of treason.
by express news servicenew delhi: in a major relief to senior citizens, the government has doubled the investment limit to rs 15 lakh under the pradhan mantri vaya vandan yojana (pmvvy) pension scheme and extended the subscription period by two years to march 2020.
the decision was taken on wednesday at the union cabinet meeting chaired by prime minister narendra modi, it and law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said.
further, as a boost to the social security initiatives for senior citizens, the investment limit of rs 7.
5 lakh per family in the existing scheme is enhanced to rs 15 lakh per senior citizen in the modified pmvvy, thereby providing a larger social security cover to the senior citizens, the government said.
the pradhan pmvvy pension scheme is for citizens aged 60 years and above.
the scheme provides an assured pension based on a guaranteed rate of return of 8 per cent per annum for ten years, with an option to opt for pension on a monthly, quarterly, half yearly or annual basis.
the pmvvy is being implemented through life insurance corporation of india (lic).
as of march, 2018, 2.
23 lakh senior citizens had subscribed to the scheme.
it scheme was open for subscription from may 4, 2017 to may 3, 2018.
after the cabinet decision, the subscription date has now been extended to march 31, 2020.
prasad said the cabinet had approved increasing the investment limit as part of the governments commitment to financial inclusion and social security and the move will enable up to rs 10,000 pension per month for senior citizens.
the difference between the return generated by lic and the assured return of 8 per cent annually will be borne by the government as yearly subsidy.
by iansnew delhi: congress mp shashi tharoor has sent a legal notice to union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad seeking an unconditional apology for calling him a murder accused.
you are well aware that in the ongoing criminal case against shashi tharoor in relation to the death of his late wife sunanda pushkar, the offence alleged by the prosecution against him is not that of murder and the trial court is yet to frame any charges against him, read the legal notice sent by law firm suraj krishna and associates on behalf of tharoor.
even the police charge sheet against shashi tharoor does not contain any allegations of murder.
your purposeful comment that shashi tharoor is charge-sheeted in a serious allegation of murder seems to have some oblique motives, it said.
in the above circumstances, you have clearly committed the offence of defamation for which you are liable to be tried before a court of law, it said, as it demanded the taking down of the video clip from social media wherein prasad is seen making the said comments.
you are hereby called upon to tender an unconditional and written apology within 48 hours of the receipt of this notice for making such an untrue, false and baseless imputation against shashi tharoor.
.
.
to avoid the consequences of a litigation, it said.
prasad had called tharoor an accused in a murder case while commenting on a religious issue.
by ptinew delhi: the government on wednesday introduced an amendment bill in lok sabha to provide legal backing for voluntary seeding of biometric aadhaar id with mobile numbers and bank accounts after the supreme court barred mandatory use of the 12-digit unique identifier by private firms.
as the oppositions raised concerns, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad asserted that the proposed amendment is in compliance with the supreme court judgement and that there will be no infringement of privacy.
he also said that the government has prepared a data protection bill and it will be introduced in parliament soon.
let me clarify at the outset that the proposed amendment is done in compliance with the supreme court judgement.
it (linking) is not mandatory at all, he said.
regarding privacy issue, he said privacy is not being invaded at all from these amendments.
the parallel authentication norms is there to safeguard privacy issues, he added.
we should not forget that aadhaar has led to saving of rs 90,000 crore through direct benefit transfers (dbt), the minister said, adding multilateral organisations such as world bank and imf have hailed aadhaar as a unique innovation of india.
objections were raised on the bill by shashi tharoor (inc), saugata roy (trinamool congress) and n k premachandran (rsp).
opposing the bill, roy said that the proposed amendments infringe the supreme court judgement on aadhaar matter.
the proposed amendment will circumvent that judgement and it was brought without stakeholders' consultation, he claimed, adding the bill should not be introduced.
tharoor said that the bill is in violation of the apex court judgement.
the bill is premature because first we need enactment of data protection law, he said asking where is the draft of the data protection law.
the bill must be withdrawn and revised, he added.
endorsing these views, premachandran alleged that the bill infringes the right of privacy.
the minister said these objection are misplaced and we are not violating the supreme court judgement.
the bill to amend the aadhaar (targeted delivery of financial and other subsidies, benefits and services) act, 2016 and another bill to amend the indian telegraph act, 1885 and prevention of money-laundering act, 2002 was introduced in lok sabha amid ruckus by members of aiadmk and tdp over various issues.
the lok sabha speaker immediately adjourned the house till 2 pm after the introduction of these bills.
in december 2018, the union cabinet had approved amending the existing aadhaar law.
the cabinet headed by prime minister narendra modi approved amendments to the telegraph act and the prevention of money laundering act (pmla) after the supreme court in september imposed restrictions on the use of aadhaar by private companies.
the two acts are being amended to provide for voluntary sharing of the 12-digit identification number for obtaining new mobile phone connections and for the opening of bank accounts.
the changes in the relevant sections of the telegraph act and pmla will be effected through the original aadhaar act.
under the amendments, an aadhaar holder can opt for offline verification through qr code and will not require to share his or her actual aadhaar number.
the supreme court had struck down section 57 of the aadhaar act that made seeding of the biometric id with sims and bank accounts mandatory, saying it had no legal backing.
by express news servicebhubaneswar: unfazed by the high voltage campaign launched by the bjp and the congress, chief minister naveen patnaik on saturday asserted that the state governments work for the people will be enough to win the forthcoming elections.
i think our governments work will prove to be enough for us to win the elections, the chief minister said in a chat with editorial director of the new indian express prabhu chawla at the launch ceremony of the book juggernaut odisha on the move.
the book authored by consulting editor, tnie ravishankarprasad charts the astounding growth story of odisha over the recent years.
the chief minister also expressed confidence that the bjd will perform better than the last elections.
replying to a question whether the bjd will win more seats than the last elections, he said, i hope so.
he also underlined his focus on continuing to work for the state.
to a question whether he wants to relax or have time to read books, naveen said, no, not yet.
reiterating the governments commitment to all-round development of the state, naveen said odisha has marched forward on all spheres during the last 20 years.
the government has lifted eight million people above the poverty line.
odisha was a food deficit state.
now it is exporting rice and has become third biggest contributor to the public distribution system (pds).
the income of farmers has also doubled during the last 10 years, he said.
besides these remarkable feats, bhubaneswar is the smartest city in the country and has become the sports capital of the country by organising international hockey championships successfully.
the government has also ensured food security by providing 25 kg of rice per below poverty line family at the rate of ` one per kg, he said.
when i took over, odisha had experienced 1999 super cyclone.
now odisha is known for disaster management and has even been praised by the united nations, he stated.
replying to a question from ravishankarprasad , the chief minister said he enjoyed his work.
as long as the people are happy, i am happy, he said.
the chief minister also pointed out that there are no parallel narratives in his personality as shankar sought to draw two contrasting facets of his persona - one aesthetically eternal and the other politically pragmatic.
new delhi: a day after rahul gandhi described prime minister narendra modi as a practitioner of khoon ki dalali, the bjp fielded its heavy artillery to retaliate in what has become a macabre trade of vitriol.
the bjp chief amit shah retorted, rahul gandhi has crossed all limits and is seeking to demoralise indias armed forces by doubting the valour of our soldiers.
the congress does not seem enthused by the success of our security personnel, which is reflected in the despair prevailing in pakistan.
if anything, dalali as a character trait was apter applied to congress, he said, and mentioned scams such as bofors, 2g and coalgate.
shah was joined in the barrage by union minister ravishankarprasad prasad who recalled another trade metaphor once flung at modi by congress chief sonia gandhi: maut ka saudagar (merchant of death).
he reminded rahul that modi and the bjp won the backing of the people despite the employment of such invective, as they would now again.
the people will give a resounding reply to the disgraceful remark of rahul gandhi, shah said.
rahuls dalali remark copped fire from another modi baiter, arvind kejriwal, who has been taking flak for his insinuation seeking proof of the armys surgical strikes across the line of control in pakistan-occupied kashmir on september 29.
the delhi cm urged parties to set aside their differences and rally behind the pm.
our soldiers valiantly carried out surgical strikes and demolished terror addresses.
i want to congratulate the army once again for this.
i strongly criticise rahul gandhis remarks wherein he said the armys sacrifices and bravery was khoon ki dalali, kejriwal said.
rahul s remarks that the modi government was profiteering from the blood of soldiers also drew criticism from a congress ally, the nationalist congress party.
rahul gandhi is the leader of the principal opposition party, which is perhaps the oldest organisation in the world.
he should have refrained from using such words, said ncp mp d p tripathi.
the congress jumped to its vice-presidents defence with its leader kapil sibal saying, rahul gandhi knew what he said.
his thought process was clear.
you should understand the feeling of rahul when he made the statement, which the people of the country do.
while advising the bjp to stop the posterbaazi in uttar pradesh, sibal further said the ruling party must stop playing politics over the armys successes.
let the army do its job.
why is the government playing politics over the army, he asked.
the man who triggered the storm, rahul gandhi, tried to parse his phrases on friday, tweeting his support for the surgical strikes but questioning the use of the armys heroics in posters in uttar pradesh.
by express news servicenew delhi: the union cabinet on wednesday approved amendment to the cinematography act, 1952, which makes piracy of a film a penal offence.
it also approved setting up of a national kamdhenu commission in line with the interim budget announcement by finance minister piyush goyal.
the cabinet meeting presided over by prime minister narendra modi gave the nod to setting up of the national kamdhenu commission with the mandate that it would issue directions to states, besides framing schemes for animal stocks.
there is 300-million bovine population in the country, which includes 33 varieties of 199 million cows and 10 million buffaloes.
the commission will work on the enrichment of the bovine animal breed, union minister ravishankarprasad prasad said, while briefing reporters about the cabinet decisions.
prasad said the cabinet had taken a historic decision to make piracy of films a penal offence that would invite a jail term of three years and a fine of `10 lakh.
the cabinet committee on economic affairs (ccea) has, meanwhile, approved a proposal to establish 10,000 rural agricultural markets at a cost of rs 2,000 crore for which the nabard would be the coordinating agency.
new delhi: the cabinet committee on parliamentary affairs today recommended holding of the budget session from january 31 when the government is likely to table the economy survey followed by the union budget on february 1.
the ccpa headed by home minister rajnath singh met here and made these recommendations to president pranab mukherjee.
parliamentary affairs minister ananth kumar and law minister ravishankarprasad prasad also attended the meeting.
in a first, the government has decided to present the budget on february 1 instead of the last day of the month as part of an overhaul that would also scrap the practice of a separate railway budget.
the first part of the budget session will run till february 9.
by ptinew delhi: telecom operators intend to install over 57,500 towers for mobile connectivity in rural areas during the current financial year, parliament was informed on wednesday.
there is plan to install 57,559 towers for mobile services in the rural areas during the financial year 2019-20 by telecom service providers, communications minister ravishankarprasad prasad said in a written reply in lok sabha.
to another query, the minister said as per data available for 2018, 5.
54 lakh villages are covered with mobile services, while 43,088 villages are not covered.
he added that connectivity in uncovered villages is being provided in a phased manner.
the reasons for not having mobile services in all villages include inter-alia, remote and tough terrain, areas diversely located with scattered population and commercially non-viable operations.
however, mobile coverage in the uncovered villages is being provided in a phased manner, the minister said.
'bharatnet' project is being implemented to offer broadband connectivity to all 2.
5 lakh gram panchayats (gps) in india.
as on date, 3,37,515 km optical fibre cable (ofc) has been laid, thereby connecting 1,28,870 gps by ofc.
a total of 120,341 gps are service ready, he pointed out.
by online desknew delhi: samajwadi party mp azam khan was informed on friday to appear before lok sabha speaker om birla on july 29 and tender an unconditional apology in the house for his sexist remarks against bjp mp rama devi, sources said.
on friday evening, the lok sabha speaker's office reached out to khan and informed him to appear before birla on monday, they said.
according to the sources, if khan fails to apologise, a resolution authorising the speaker to take 'exemplary action' against him will be passed.
leaders across party lines are of the view that a message should be sent that the house has zero-tolerance towards such acts which lower the dignity and honour of women, they added.
the resolution is likely to be moved by parliamentary affairs minister pralhad joshi and is expected to be supported by leaders of all political parties.
cutting across party lines, members in the lok sabha condemned the remarks when rama devi was officiating the proceedings in the lower house on thursday and demanded exemplary action against him.
there was also a demand for khan's suspension from the house.
azam's remarks were dubbed as malicious, having double-meaning and a blot on all legislators by the ministers and mps who spoke after bjp's sanghmitra maurya raised the issue during the zero hour.
several members including from the bjp, congress, ncp, trinamool congress, dmk and bjd said a strong message should be sent by the house against such conduct.
outside parliament, a meeting of floor leaders of all parties chaired by speaker birla was held during which it was decided that khan should apologise or face action.
leaders across party lines are of the view that a message should be sent that the house has zero tolerance towards such acts which lower the dignity and honour of women, they added.
read here | azam khan's 'sexist' remark: women mps demand apology, lok sabha speaker to meet party leadersleaders cut across party lines to condemn azam khanseveral women mps have also written to the speaker demanding stringent action against khan.
rama devi said he should be suspended for the entire five years from the current lok sabha.
in a tweet, bsp supremo mayawati said khan should not only apologise in parliament but to all women.
this is a blot on all legislators including men, textiles minister smriti irani said in the lok sabha, as she attacked sp leader akhilesh yadav for supporting khan in the house on thursday.
it was repugnant that a leader stood in solidarity with a lech, she said.
khan and akhilesh yadav were not present in the house.
if khan had made these comments outside parliament, then police would have come to the woman's rescue, irani said and urged political parties to rise above political differences and appealed to the speaker to take action.
a member cannot abuse the privilege parliament gives him to make such comments and get away, she said.
stating that his party is against any kind of misbehaviour against women, leader of the congress adhir ranjan chowdhury referred to his party leader sonia gandhi being called italian puppet and daugher of italy by bjp leaders in the past, remarks which drew strong protest from the members of treasury benches who said the issue should not be politicised.
finance minister nirmala sitharaman wondered why there was a dilemma and hesitation in taking a stand on the issue, in an apparent dig at the opposition party which objected to her remarks.
sitharaman said khan's comments were utterly condemnable and said the house was looking to the speaker to take exemplary action.
chowdhury said the person at the centre of the issue should also be heard, referring to khan.
he suggested that the matter be sent to privilege or ethics committee.
he later agreed with the prevailing view that the speaker should take a call.
law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said either khan should tender an apology or he be suspended from the house.
trinamool congress member kalyan banerjee said a person who does not show respect to women does not know indian culture.
ncp's supriya sule said she hangs her head in shame at khan's offensive language and called for strict punishment.
his behaviour was not tolerable and members should speak in one voice, she said.
jd(u)'s lalan singh said the speaker should take strongest action so that such behaviour is not repeated.
dmk's kanimozhi wondered how women would be treated outside parliament when they are insulted in such a way inside.
apna dal's anupriya patel said the entire nation is ashamed.
parliamentary affairs minister pralhad joshi said the house should leave the matter to the speaker.
bjd's b mahtab said khan's remarks were unpardonable and deserved exemplary action.
it was one of the darkest days, he added.
union minister arjun meghwal said khan's comments had a double-meaning and he has a history of making such remarks outside the house as well.
actor and trinamool congress member mimi chakraborty, who is a first time mp, said whatever happened on thursday was shameful and cannot be part of her learning exercise.
aimim asaduddin owaisi said he respected the sentiments of the house but took a dig at the government asking about the status of a group of ministers, which was constituted following a wave of allegations of sexual harassment against women in the me too movement, including against the then union minister and bjp leader m j akbar.
jaya prada tears apart khanjaya prada on friday slammed sp mp azam khan for his sexist remarks against bjp mp rama devi in the lok sabha, saying he has insulted the house and he should be disqualified.
khan, who is known for making controversial statements, had also made objectionable remarks against jaya prada during the lok sabha polls.
jaya prada, who had unsuccessfully contested the general elections against khan from rampur, said it is not a new thing for him to make such comments about women.
khan has an unhealthy mindset and one does not know what remarks he will make, the actor-turned-politician said in a statement.
he does not know that lok sabha is a temple to which leaders are elected and take up people's problems.
azam khan has insulted the house by making indecent comments, jaya prada said.
the house should take action against him for his remarks, the former mp said.
he should be disqualified from lok sabha.
he should be taught a lesson that those who insult parliament must be kept out, she said.
what azam khan saidparticipating in the debate on the triple talaq bill, khan on thursday referred to the intervention of union minister mukhtar abbas naqvi and read out a couplet - tu idhar-udhar ki baat na kar  (do not divert from the topic).
at this, rama devi, who was presiding over the proceedings, asked khan not to look here and there and address the chair.
to which, azam khan responded by saying ''aap mujhe itni acchi lagti hain ki mera mann karta hai ki aap ki aankhon mein aankhein dale rahoon'.
(i like you so much that i feel like looking into your eyes)this triggered acrimonious scenes.
the remarks were expunged from the records.
by ptinew delhi: samajwadi party(sp) leader azam khan on thursday courted a fresh controversy when he made a sexist remark against bjp mp rama devi who was in the chair in the lok sabha sparking an uproar and demands for his apology.
the national commission for women(ncw) and the delhi commission for women (dcw) condemned khan's comment, dubbing it lecherous and disgraceful.
participating in the debate on the triple talaq bill, khan referred to the intervention of union minister mukhtar abbas naqvi and read out a couplet tu idhar-udhar ki baat na kar.
(do not divert from the topic).
at this, rama devi, who was presiding over the proceedings, asked khan not to look here and there and address the chair.
to this, the sp member made a sexist remark at the chair, triggering acrimonious scenes.
rama devi later directed that khan's remark be removed from the records.
she, however, said she is like his (azam khan's) younger sister.
khan's remark infuriated union ministers ravishankarprasad prasad and arjun ram meghwal as they urged the chair to ask him to apologise.
when khan was asked to do so by rama devi, he said he meant no disrespect to her as she was like his dear sister.
during the lok sabha poll campaign, khan, who is known to making controversial statements, had made objectionable remarks against actor-turned-politician jaya prada who contested on a bjp ticket.
the police lodged an fir against khan for insulting the modesty of a woman.
habitual offender azam khan doing what he does best, this time in the parliament - passed cheap comments on bjp mp rama devi(in the chair) - he said 'aap mujhe itni acchi lagti hain ki mera mann karta hai ki aap ki aankhon mein aankhein dale rahoon'.
third class man!
!
pic.
twitter.com/ylppnekpcz  priti gandhi (@mrsgandhi) july 25, 2019sp chief akhilesh yadav rose to defend khan.
meanwhile, speaker om birla took over the proceedings.
yadav said there was no intention to malign the chair, sparking protests by the bjp members.
he then made a remark on the conduct of bjp members.
the speaker took objection to the remark reminding yadav that he had been a chief minister and should be mindful of words which were unparliamentary.
he also asked the sp chief, a former chief minister of uttar pradesh, to apologise.
yadav said the word he used was first used by the treasury benches.
the speaker asked him to point out the member who used the term and asked the sp leader to apologise.
khan said he has spent a long time in politics and if he has used any unparliamentary language, he is ready to resign immediately.
as the speaker listened to both sides, danish ali (bsp) walked out of the house, saying he was not allowed to speak.
khan joined him in the walkout, saying he cannot speak when he was being insulted.
later, members of the sp and bsp walked out.
saugata roy(tmc) said what happened in parliament now was not good.
adhir ranjan chowdhury, leader of the congress in the lok sabha, said it is not good if if members of the minority community leave the house when the triple talaq bill is being discussed.
birla said maintaining the dignity of the house is the responsibility of all members.
a party may have more numbers, but the house runs on consensus.
members want remarks to be expunged.
but we should not make statements which have to be expunged.
when people hear such statements, they form an opinion about mps, he said.
earlier, participating in the debate, danish ali said something about bjp members not giving rights to women.
but his remarks were expunged by rama devi.
bjp mps protested against ali's remark, saying he was making personal allegations.
national commission for women (ncw) chairperson rekha sharma said khan should be disqualified from parliament.
#azamkhan again did what he is good at.
misbehaving and using inappropriate language for women and this time with none other than woman sitting on speaker's chair in parliament.
i strongly condemn his disgraceful and sexist remark.
he must get disqualified from parliament, shah posted on twitter.
delhi commission for women (dcw) chief swati maliwal also hit out at the former uttar pradesh minister and said he should be sent to jail for his lecherous comment.
shame on azam khan.
such lecherous comment against mp sitting on speaker chair.
a man with such notorious reputation of vile speech against women has no right to be in parliament.
when will centre create law to arrest such politicians?
send this man 2 mental asylum and then jail!
she tweeted.
by ptinew delhi: the department of telecommunications (dot) is working on a proposal for merger of cash-strapped bsnl and mtnl as part of efforts to revive the ailing state-owned telecom firms, a source said.
the source, privy to the development, said merger is one of the many components of the overall revival plan being worked out for the two corporations, and that a final call on the matter will be taken by the cabinet.
the move assumes significance as the distressed telecom psus mahanagar telephone nigam ltd (mtnl) and bharat sanchar nigam ltd (bsnl) have been making losses and have faced challenges in clearing staff salaries in the recent past.
merger is one of the many components of the overall revival plan because clearly mtnl cannot stand by itself.
finally, the cabinet has to take a view on that, the source said adding that the plan entails mtnl being merged with bsnl.
mtnl provides telephony services in delhi and mumbai, while bsnl is present in the rest of the circles.
the dot is preparing a rescue plan for mtnl and bsnl in the form of a revival package that entails components like voluntary retirement scheme, asset monetisation, and allocation of 4g spectrum.
bsnl's loss is estimated to be around rs 14,000 crore with a decline in revenue to rs 19,308 crore during 2018-19.
the public sector firm's provisional loss was rs 4,859 crore in 2015-16, rs 4,793 crore in 2016-17, rs 7,993 crore in 2017-18 and is estimated to swell to rs 14,202 crore in 2018-19, according to information presented in parliament.
the total number of employees of bsnl stands at 1,65,179 and the total employees' cost is a staggering 75 per cent of the total income of the company.
contrast that with airtel, which has 20,000 workers and the employees' cost is 2.
95 per cent of the company's income or vodafone with 9,883 employees that has the cost pegged at 5.
59 per cent.
the net worth of bsnl stood at rs 34,276 crore (unaudited and provisional), while mtnl had a negative networth of rs 9,735 crore as on april 1, 2019.
communications minister ravishankarprasad prasad had last month told the lok sabha that there is no proposal to close the state-run telecom companies and that a comprehensive plan for their revival is under preparation.
prasad has, in the past, acknowledged the role of the two state-owned corporations in maintaining a sober equilibrium in the market, but at the same time has sent out a strong message to them that they will have to become professional.
let my message clearly go to these two psus.
it is in national interest that they remain healthy, we are working on that.
but, they also need to become professional.
while i will work towards their revival, they will have to respond with professional attitude, prasad had said on june 3, soon after assuming charge of the new telecom portfolio.
gurbir singh byexpress news servicethe perils facing individual freedom and privacy in a digital age have just reached panic proportions.
disclosures that data culled from millions of facebook accounts across the globe have been marketed and used to influence elections and control events has always been known.
but its the scale of the digital spying that has sent shock waves.
its all very well for the indian government and information technology minister ravishankarprasad prasad to threaten fb and the data firm cambridge analytica (ca) with notices for interfering with the indian electoral process.
what we are not seeing is the obvious correlation between the fb-ca data leak and the recent expose of aadhar by the tribune of chandigarh.
the latter found that data on millions of indian citizens on aadhar servers had been compromised and was being openly sold to purchasers.
political playersinformation on how our privacy is being compromised is slowly trickling in.
in the case of fb, cambridge analytica whistleblower christopher wylie exposed how data of 50 million us fb users was bought from an independent researcher aleksandr kogan and used for donald trumps successful presidential campaign.
the shock victory of the leave-european union faction (brexit) is now being ascribed to manipulation of fb profiles of millions of uk citizens.
so heres the catch: digital data is being leaked and manipulated at the behest of dominant political players.
in the usa, it is trump.
in india, the main clients of cambridge analytica are our principal political parties  the congress, the bjp and the janata dal (united).
in 2012, cas sister concern strategic communications laboratories (scl) carried out a caste census in up on behalf of a national party.
in bihars 2010 elections, jd (u) hired scl to identify target caste groups and the right messages.
millions of users of fb, google, snapchat and other free social networking sites are only now realizing that there is no such thing as a free lunch.
the product being sold is the fb or google user.
his profile, his interests and his spending habits is all information sold to thousands of marketers targeting specific buyer profiles.
snoopers like cambridge analytica go one step forward: they build psychometric profiles by measuring personality traits, political preferences, abilities and deficiencies, so specific genres can be targeted more efficiently.
policing by the statebut what if this information is being gleaned not for commercial sales, but for policing by the state?
edward snowden, a computer professional employed with a contractor working with the us national security agency (nsa), leaked thousands of files in 2013 before fleeing to russia.
these files exposed nsa to be running several global surveillance programmes on individuals using the data and access of private us telecom companies like sprint, t-mobile and at&t.
it is now established beyond doubt that such meta-data has been used by these spy agencies even for assassination operations through precision bombing and drone attacks.
neville roy singham, founder of software company thoughtworks inc, had warned as far back as 2013 that private information was being culled through a web of smart phones and internet eavesdropping; and india was one of the largest targets of nsa snooping with 6 billion pieces of information captured on indian citizens in 2013.
singham had then said in an interview: the level of surveillance is huge; the statement of the chief information officer (cio) of the cia is, we will control every human interaction in history.
at the data center they have built in utah, they can store yottabytes of data, which is all of the data of all of the communications in the next 100 years.
which brings us back to aadhar; and in the light of the above discussion, the programme is probably among the largest government-controlled snooping programmes in the world.
in the name of giving a digital identity to our citizens, hundreds of private vendors have access to the aadhar files, and the servers that store the data have been hacked into many times over.
and the big problem is: who regulates the internet?
every country has its own laws and the big purveyors of content  fb, twitter, amazon, microsoft and google are all laws unto themselves.
however, two important steps can and should be taken: first, encryption of data must become the norm rather than the exception; and second, a strong citizens movement needs be unleashed to enforce self-regulation on the digital daddies, and to observe privacy as a fundamental right.
indore: with private investment playing catch-up, finance minister arun jaitley today asked the private sector to loosen its purse strings to make the most of the demand uptick following a good monsoon and softer rates due to controlled inflation.
india became the world's largest fastest-growing major economy on the back of a spurt in public spending, and private sector joining the bandwagon will create more engines to spur growth, he said at the madhya pradesh global investor summit here today.
countering comments by hinduja group co-chairman gopichand hinduja that the pace of growth is slow, he said he wants to remind him that normally, the industry is ahead of the government, but we are at the moment of history where at the moment the private sector is a little behind the government.
and therefore, public investment pace has picked up, we are waiting for your (private sector) pace to pick up.
if that pace were to pick up, probably you will have more engines in order to spur growth in india, he said.
speaking at the summit, hinduja said with a good and dynamic prime minister, the time is right for india to attract funds for development.
prime minister has full fire in his belly, he has changed the face of india.
but i would also like to admit that his team has to catch up with speed.
unfortunately, the speed is not going in the same pace what he likes to see.
hinduja added: otherwise, his vision and dream could have been achieved much faster.
.
.
we should agree that the culture can not be changed overnight, it takes time.
but overall, we are on right track.
jaitley said the slowdown in several parts of the world has created a situation that a lot of foreign capital is coming into the country.
this year, fortunately as a result of goods monsoon, we have a very surplus foodgrain production which will improve domestic demand and inflation is in check.
and a controlled inflation means moderation of interest rates also.
the cost of capital reduces.
with these advantages, we have an opportunity ahead of us, he said.
jaitley said india has been able to maintain respectable level of growth even when the world is facing important and very significant economic challenges.
as far as india is concerned, there are obviously a few advantages that have come our way.
the political change in the country has created a decisive environment that's an advantage, he said further.
the finance minister cited the global oil and commodity prices as an advantage for india since the country is a buyer.
additionally, the resources which we have saved, we are able to invest in a large manner both in infrastructure and rural economy.
that's an advantage.
but there are challenges too.
the global slowdown hurts us, particularly in matters of international trade, he noted.
states, he said, are competing with each other.
jaitley also made the point that a decisive government at the centre has made decision-making easier.
with a decisive prime minister in narendra modi, there is clarity as far as direction is concerned and therefore, india is trying with its renewed confidence to fight adversity and gain an advantage which has so far eluded us.
various industrial revolutions bypassed us, he said.
stating that he is clear that india at this historical junction has advantages, jaitley said the instinct and desire to grow has now flowed to the states and it has been decentralised.
backing up, he referred to the transformation of madhya pradesh from a bimaru state just 13 years ago to an industrial hub, which reflects aspirational desire.
.
.
.
once the gst rolls out and india becomes one market and facilitate seamless transfer of goods and services, madhya pradesh will become the supply hub, jaitley hoped.
electronics and it minister ravishankarprasad prasad said the government is involved in path-breaking reforms and is promoting digital connectivity and make in india.
in the past one year, as many as 40 mobile manufacturing facilities have been set up in the state, one new mobile manufacturing factory will soon come up, and two electronic clusters have been approved, prasad said.
aishik chanda byexpress news servicekolkata: the bjp on monday charged the trinamool congress and the west bengal government with a conspiracy to thwart party president amit shahs rallies in the state by denying clearance for his helicopter to land in malda.
upgradation work going on at malda airport.
sand and material lying around.
airport not suitable for safe landing of the helicopter.
permission not possible, the additional district magistrate is said to have written in a reply to the bjps request for permission while allowing the chopper to land at the designated hotel grounds where the bjp chief would be staying.
party workers said the hotel had inadequate space to land a chopper.
the district bjp, in a letter, charged, that while shahs chopper was disallowed, government copters continued to land at malda.
the episode kicked up a row with union ministers ravishankarprasad prasad and piyush goyal accusing chief minister mamata banerjee of abusing her power.
prasad claimed that he had photographs of the good condition of the airport during banerjees visit to malda a few days ago.
goyal said, it shows the tmc is scared of the bjp.
the state government is trying to block all programmes of the bjp.
it shows its desperation.
bjp state president dilip ghosh said, the administration has denied permission citing construction work.
no such construction is being conducted at malda airport.
west bengal chief minister, mamata banerjee, however, was quick to dismiss the charge, saying it was absolutely untrue.
for helicopter landing, police gives permissions.
they are distorting facts and misinforming people.
.
.
banerjee told reporters at the kolkata airport.
as per police request they even change my helicopter landing.
they have granted all the permissions for the meetings because we believe in democracy.
they have asked for permission at different places and we have given all the permissions, banerjee said.
a senior police official said, this allegation of refusal of permission is incorrect.
there were some security-related issues because of some ongoing construction work at the helipad.
the matter is being processed and no objection is being given.
more blocks?
bjp claimed permission for the venue of shahs rally in birbhum district was denied.
a party leader said permission was denied for all the grounds.
by iansnew delhi; the triple talaq bill, which is high on the government's agenda, is likely to be taken up for discussion in the lok sabha as the winter session of parliament resumes on thursday after the christmas recess.
the first two weeks of the session were a near washout as the opposition had disrupted the proceedings on various issues, including the rafale deal.
the bjp and the congress have issued whips to their members in the lok sabha asking them to be present during the discussion.
the government and the opposition last week reached an understanding to discuss the muslim women (protection of rights on marriage) bill, 2018, that seeks to replace an ordinance issued earlier for protecting the rights of married muslim women and prohibiting divorce by pronouncing talaq by their husbands.
the ordinance was promulgated in september, making the practice of instant triple talaq an offence under the indian penal code (ipc).
the government was keen to take up the bill for passage last week but could not do so amid protests by congress and some other parties over various issues including the demand for a joint parliamentary committee probe into the rafale deal.
the leader of congress in lok sabha mallikarjun kharge had suggested that the bill be taken up after the christmas recess and assured the participation of his party members in the debate.
the bill was introduced amid din in lok sabha on december 17 by union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
the government is keen to get its legislative agenda through as this is the last full-fledged parliament session before the next lok sabha polls due in april-may 2019.
the other two ordinances, which the government is keen to replace with bills are indian medical council (amendment) ordinance and companies amendment ordinance.
four bills have been passed in the lok sabha since the start of the present session on december 11 -- the consumer protection bill 2018, the surrogacy (regulation) bill, 2016, the transgenders persons (protection of rights) bill 2016 and the national trust for welfare of persons with autism, cerebral palsy, mental retardation and multiple disabilities (amendment) bill, 2018.
the surrogacy bill seeks to regulate surrogacy, prohibit commercial surrogacy and allow altruistic surrogacy to the needy indian infertile couples.
though the lok sabha managed to pass four bills amid disruptions and sloganeering, no major business was transacted in the rajya sabha due to frequent adjournments amid uproar by opposition members.
the congress has been pressing for the jpc probe into the decision to buy 36 ready-to-fly rafale fighter jets deal.
aiadmk members have been protesting against the proposal to construct a dam across the cauvery river at mekadatu and the telugu desam party has been demanding special status for andhra pradesh.
bjp's ally shiv sena also protested over the delay in the construction of a grand ram temple in ayodhya.
both the bjp and congress targeted each other's leaders amid relentless sloganeering in both houses.
the lok sabha witnessed two notices of privilege on the rafale deal, one by congress member k.c. venugopal against prime minister narendra modi and the other by bjp members including anurag thakur against congress president rahul gandhi.
the notices were under the consideration of speaker sumitra mahajan.
amidst continued logjam, mahajan last week convened a meeting of the floor leaders but the proceedings remained disrupted.
a concerned mahajan then called a meeting of the rules committee and deliberated on ways to stop mps from trooping near speaker's podium and holding placards in the house.
the behaviour of members forced mahajan to reprimand them and remark that their behaviour was worse than that of school kids.
in the rajya sabha, the bills listed for passage on thursday include the trafficking of persons (prevention, protection and rehabilitation) bill 2018, the national council for teacher education (amendment) bill, 2018 and the right of children to free and compulsory education bill, 2018, the representation of people's (amendment) bill 2018.
all the four bills have already been passed by the lok sabha.
by ptinew delhi: cash-strapped bharat sanchar nigam ltd (bsnl) has made staff salary payments for the month of june, and casual labourers and temporary workers in the state-owned corporation too are being paid wages regularly, parliament was informed on thursday.
the psu has been asked to take steps to improve performance and increase revenue while controlling expenses, communications minister ravishankarprasad prasad said in a written reply to the rajya sabha.
further, letter of comfort has been given from time to time to bsnl for raising loans to meet its requirements, he added.
salary of june 2019 has already been paid to its employees by bsnl.
bsnl has also informed that casual labourers and temporary status mazdoors (daily-wager) in bsnl are being paid wages regularly, the minister said.
stating that there were some delay in the payment of wages for the month of february, 2019, the minister added that the salaries are being paid regularly.
in a separate query on the same issue, the minister said that bsnl has informed that it is facing liquidity crunch due to mismatch in revenue and expenditure.
however, maximum efforts are being made by bsnl to meet the requirement of operation and maintenance of services.
to another question, the minister said that net worth of bsnl stood at rs 34,276 crore (unaudited and provisional), while mahanagar telephone nigam ltd (mtnl) had a negative networth of rs 9,735 crore as on april 1, 2019.
bhubaneswar: the bjp today underlined its commitment to building a grand ram temple in ayodhya and said whenever the supreme court takes a decision, it would be very effective.
asked if the bjp's national executive discussed the issue, a core demand of the party, union minister ravishankarprasad prasad said it was not necessary to take up the issue in every meeting.
however, he added that the party's manifesto has made it clear that it is for a grand temple in the uttar pradesh town.
not as a law minister but as somebody who knows the law, let me tell you that there are voluminous documents with the supreme court and whenever a decision is made it will be very effective, he said.
he also noted that over 2,470 party workers have pledged to work full-time for the organisation for one year and over 3.
78 lakh workers for 15 days.
new delhi: noting that india has great potential to become the most digitised economy globally in mere seven years, microsoft founder bill gates has dubbed the government's demonetisation measure as a bold move that will help in deflating the indian shadow economy.
the prime minister's bold move to demonetise high-denomination notes and replace these with new ones with high-security features is an important step to deflate india's shadow economy, gates said while delivering the niti (national institution for transforming india) aayog lecture on 'transforming india' here on wednesday.
lauding the aadhar card scheme and pradhan mantri jan dhan yojna for helping the disadvantaged sections in india to connect to the banking system, gates said: india has all the pieces in place for a compelling vision for digital financial inclusion.
aadhar will convert a cumbersome, paper-based account opening process into a 30-second all- digital system.
the aadhaar unique id system will also create a centralised data repository, he added.
speaking of artificial intelligence (ai), gates, who co-chairs the bill and melinda gates foundation, said automation, cloud services and ai are poised to eliminate manufacturing jobs.
describing this as an opportunity for the indian information technology sector, the microsoft leader called for india to embrace these new technologies, despite the fears provoked by such rapid transformation.
aiming to work with the government on various issues including e-payments, digital health, digital literacy and e-agriculture in india, gates held a meeting here with it and law minister ravishankarprasad prasad on thursday.
by ptinew delhi: the government is expected to bring, this financial year, an ambitious national electronics policy that seeks to position india not only as production hub to serve the booming domestic market, but also for exports.
the proposed policy that spans diverse areas ranging from medical electronics to mobile phones and automotives will underscore india's growing manufacturing prowess, right down to the level of components and sub assemblies, and pitch its deeper value addition capabilities.
it will also leverage the country's existing strengths in electronics design, given that nearly 75 per cent of global technology majors have research and development (r&d) presence in india, a senior it ministry official said.
the draft policy will be put up for public consultation in a month or so, and we expect it to be finalised by the second half of the current fiscal, said the official who did not wish to be named.
the current thrust now is to incentivise maximum value addition, and the duty structure is geared towards encouraging players to bring in raw modules and components for assembly.
for instance, this year if you bring pcbs (printed circuit boards) which are already populated meaning all the components are mounted on it, then it attracts a duty.
but if you bring the raw pcbs and components and do the entire process here, the costs are lower, the official said.
the it ministry official said that the country will now be moving towards incentivising the export of electronics products manufactured in india, too.
in our new policy, the direction will be that we will like to provide strong ecosystem, so companies come in and manufacture not just looking at the indian market but also exports, the official noted.
the effort thus far was to attract more and more of sub-assembly makers and module makers and by next year the focus will also be on components like resistors and capacitors.
we are trying to bring global sub-assembly manufacturers into india.
as we grow our manufacturing size and scale, it is strategically in the interest of taiwan, korea, japan and others to have a larger foothold in india, the official added.
yesterday, electronics and it minister ravishankarprasad prasad had met japan's minister of economy trade and industry, hiroshige seko, to discuss wide ranging issues, including creation of start-up hub, cooperation in the field of cybersecurity, and highlighted the mutually complimentary relationship that the two countries share.
we feel strongly that it is in the interest of units in countries like japan to come and set up base here.
.
.
especially japan, which has a lot of high-tech and machinery and they specialise in the niche area of precision and high-quality machinery, which we import, the official pointed out.
by ptinew delhi: as the bjp swept to power with a spectacular performance for a second term, all eyes are now on government formation, amid speculation that several new faces including party president amit shah may be brought into the new cabinet.
many party leaders are of the view that shah will join the modi cabinet and be given one of the four key ministries -- home, finance, external affairs and defence.
with finance minister arun jaitley and external affairs minister sushma swaraj having health issues, there have been talks whether they will be part of the new dispensation or not.
jaitley, a rajya sabha member, had unsuccessfully contested the lok sabha election from amritsar in 2014, while swaraj, who had won from vidisha in madhya pradesh, opted out from the electoral battle this time on health ground.
the two leaders have not commented on whether they would like to join the government or not.
in the run-up to the results, shah had also sidestepped queries on him joining the government, saying it is the prerogative of the party and the prime minister.
defence minister nirmala sitharaman is expected to continue with a key role in the new government.
with smriti irani handing a shock defeat to congress president rahul gandhi in amethi, it is expected that the party may reward her with an important responsibility.
a number of senior faces from the outgoing cabinet including rajnath singh, nitin gadkari, ravishankarprasad prasad, piyush goyal, narendra singh tomar and prakash javadekar are set to figure in the new cabinet.
among allies, shiv sena and jd(u) are likely to be given cabinet berths as both the parties have done exceedingly well, winning 18 and 16 respectively.
the party will reward new faces from states like west bengal, odisha and telangana where it has made significant inroads.
a number of young faces are likely to be inducted into the council of ministers as the bjp leadership has been working to groom the second line of leadership, said a senior party leader.
the modi-led bjp won 302 seats and was leading in another seat in the elections for 542 lok sabha constituencies.
officials said the union cabinet, in its meeting on friday evening, will adopt a resolution recommending the dissolution of the 16th lok sabha, which will pave way for the formal launch of the process to form a new government.
prime minister narendra modi is likely to meet president ram nath kovind to hand over the cabinet resolution recommending dissolution of the lok sabha.
he will also hand over the resignation of union council of ministers to the president.
the 17th lok sabha has to be constituted before june 3 and the process to form a new house will be initiated when the three election commissioners meet the president in the next few days to hand over the list of newly-elected members.
all the newly-elected bjp mps are expected to meet saturday to elect modi as their leader, following which he will meet the president to stake claim to form the new government, party sources said.
new delhi: the concerns of indian information technology firms in the wake of the h-1b visa suspension by the us has been raised at a very senior level in the us administration, law and it minister ravishankarprasad prasad said on tuesday.
the us citizenship and immigration services (uscis) had temporarily suspended premium processing for all h-1b petitions, a suspension which may last up to six months, beginning april 3, 2017.
i think our concerns at a very senior level has already been conveyed to the government of usa.
i would not like to get into the details except that indian it companies are giving good value addition to us companies, he said.
indian it companies are servicing more than 75 per cent of fortune 500 companies by making them more competitive and giving them extraordinary value addition.
i am given to believe that they have paid more than $20 billion in tax revenue in the last 5 years and have created more than 4,00,000 jobs, not only in america but in various parts of the world, he said.
the uscis issues around 85,000 h1-b visas every year and indian technology companies are the beneficiaries.
processing of premium visas cost an additional $1,225 and ensures a response from the uscis within 15 days or the fee is refunded.
the processing of standard h-1b applications takes between 3 and 6 months.
indian it companies and it professionals are giving a lot of openings to american companies in india in terms of research, high end quality products and patent creation.
the whole global it movement is based on sharing, communality and reciprocity, pointed out prasad.
indias apex it industry lobby nasscom, had earlier said that the us just cant afford to ignore india as it lacked the required skills.
surprisingly, the suspension came just after a nasscom delegation concluded its trip to the us where they met a number of us lawmakers to lobby against the crackdown.
chennai: the union government is working to revive nokias cellphone making plant at sriperumbudur, according to union minister of electronics and information technology ravishankarprasad prasad.
his statement comes in the wake of the state governments announcement in the assembly that the state was working to revive nokias cellphone making plant at sriperumbudur outside chennai.
nokia was sold to microsoft but the plant at sriperumbudur was left out because of tax liability.
the union and state governments are working to revive it, said prasad.
global software major microsoft finland-based nokias global devices and services business including assets in india are worth $7.
2 billion as on april 25, 2015.
however, the chennai facility was put on a freeze by the income tax department following a tax dispute, in which the department claimed an estimated `23,000 crore from the company for violations.
the state government also slapped a tax demand notice for around `2,400 crore.
in january, a meeting of the fast-track task force formed by the centre to revive the mobile manufacturing ecosystem discussed the revival of the mobile handset manufacturing unit.
while the manufacturing facility in the sez was stopped, foxconn has operations in another facility in sunguvarchathram near sriperumbudur, where it manufactures products for other clients.
in 2015, started manufacturing sonys led televisions in a facility near sriperumbudur.
ravi shankar bythe great famine of 1866 that killed millions of people in bengal presidency prompted dadabhai naoroji, known as the father of indian nationalism, to formulate the drain theory.
in 1867, he put forward the drain of wealth theory expostulating that britain was economically draining indiaan annual drain of 200-300 million pounds of revenue to britain at the time he wrote the book in the 1870s.
ironically, the cag of england in a 2013 audit was horrified that britain could have raised more money from colonial india.
huge, huge notional loss!
said the british cag that estimated the total value of exploitation as rs 1 trillion, that amount to around rs 91 lakh crore at current rates over 300 years.
after 70 years of independence, india continues to be lootedthis time by indians.
absence of credit discipline led to years of reckless lending among public sector banks (psbs), which the government and regulator now want to contain.
gross non-performing assets (npas) of all banks aggregated rs 8.
41 lakh crore as on december 2017; slated to rise to rs 9 lakh crore this year.
the state bank of india (sbi) leads as the largest lender, topping the list with highest amount of gross npas at rs 2 lakh crore, followed by punjab national bank (pnb), idbi bank, and bank of india.
but bank chiefs say they are scraping the bottom of the barrel to reduce the toxic pile.
the sbi has a two-fold strategy to avoid fresh slippages and at the same time resolve existing npas.
apart from the rbis (reserve bank of india) list of 12 large accounts last june for resolution, we have been consciously working on accounts internally identified.
several cases are being referred to the national company law tribunal (nclt), says rajnish kumar, chairman, sbi.
captionin fact, all other 21 psbs too are knocking on the doors of the nclt, which has seen a sudden surge in cases.
as many as 8,457 cases were pending in the nclt as on december 2017 and 264 in the national company law appellate tribunal.
the idea is to recover dues as quickly as possible, adds kumar, downplaying fears that chances of insolvency could be higher.
in the absence of a resolution (which includes either roping in a new management, or finding new investors, or raising capital by selling non-core assets to repay existing debt), more accounts could become insolvent.
such a move will spell trouble for lenders, who manage to recover just about rs 25 of every rs 100 that turns sour.
the newly issued prompt corrective action (pca) framework by the rbi brought dena bank, central bank of india, bank of maharashtra, uco bank, idbi bank, oriental bank of commerce (obc), indian overseas bank, corporation bank, bank of india, allahabad bank, and united bank of india under the framework.
collusion between bank officials, rampant nepotism and powerful political connections has allowed big business to loot indias banking system.
the rbi classifies bank frauds into three broad categories: deposits-related frauds, advances-related frauds and services-related frauds.
the year 2018 opened the lid on a pandoras box of bank scams.
indian banks reported a staggering 12,533 frauds, aggregating to rs 18,170 crore in financial year 2017-18, largely due to weak internal controls.
data collated by institutional investor advisory services (iias), a shareholder advisory service, bank of maharashtra reported the highest number of frauds at 3,893, followed by icici bank (3,359) and hdfc bank (2,319).
in some banks, while the aggregate quantum is low, the average fraud size is high, indicating that the sector needs to urgently revisit and strengthen its internal financial controls.
the nirav modi scam broke on february 14 when pnb informed the bombay stock exchange of having detected around $1,771.
69 million worth fraudulent and unauthorised transactions in a mumbai branch.
pnb also complained to the central bureau of investigation (cbi) against billionaire diamantaire modi cheating it of about rs 11,400 crore after diamond r us, solar exports and stellar diamonds together approached pnb on january 16 with import documents and requested for buyers credit to pay their overseas suppliers.
nirav, brother nishal, niravs wife ami, and gitanjali gems owner mehul chinubhai choksi are partners of the firms.
the bank realised that the firms were availing of credit using fake documentation and started an investigation that revealed the makings of a rs 1,140-crore scam.
after further investigations, officials estimated the amount of the nirav modi fraud at rs 12,686 crore in the first two firs for misusing legitimate loans and bank guarantees.
this is when modis personal fortune was around rs 116 billion in 2017.
before modi, pnb had lost rs 28 billion thanks to various frauds in 2017 alone.
even before the bank launched the complaint, it seems modi had got a whiff of what was in store for him after the scam was revealed.
as the new years dawn broke, he quietly escaped india with his family.
along with him were wife ami, brother nishal and relative choksi, who would be wanted in connection with the fraud.
sources say he was tipped off by someone powerful in banking circles.
there is no way he would have known unless he knew pnb would file a case and he would be arrested, says an enforcement directorate (ed) officer.
this was confirmed by one of the cbi officers aware of the case.
modi has high-level contacts in the banking circles, he says.
modi had been getting investors to put money in his companies by promising to open 100 stores in major international cities by 2020.
his lawyer vijay aggarwal reportedly said that his client had assets worth rs 5,000-6,000 crore in india alone.
unlike many other financial fugitives, modis wherabaouts are unknown, and hence extradition proceedings cannot be launched against him.
according to various reports, he has been sighted in switzerland and new york.
modi blamed pnb for having acted in a premature fashion, inhibiting his repayment ability.
then why did he flee in january when the case was registered only in mid-february?
asks the ed official.
choksis location is also unknown, though he issued a statement refusing to come back on the grounds of bad health.
he alleged political conspiracy, media witch hunt and threats to his familys safety and animosity from employees, creditors and customers who have not been paid.
following the pnb incident, based on the government and regulators insistence, all psbs have internally scanned their respective lou/loc-related transactions, besides assessing, genuine and accounted lous.
further, banks have also put in place controls including creating an additional layer of approvals for all outward swift messages.
those banks where integration of swift with cbs is not yet done are expected to do so by april, besides deploying time restrictions for such transactionsbetween 9 am and 8 pm only.
even as the pnb-modi storm continued, indias pre-eminent female banking icon chanda kochhars reputation began to face heat.
the cbi registered a preliminary inquiry to probe an alleged deal between kochhars husband, deepak, and videocon chairman venugopal dhoot, though she herself is not named.
the cbi is investigating whether deepak received crores from dhoot for nupower renewables promoted by him, six months after videocon received a rs 3,250-crore loan from icici bank in 2012.
but on march 28, the icici board issued a statement reposing its confidence in kochhars governance and integrity.
dhoot said the allegations were unfounded.
personal ties between two people do not always result in criminal acts, he reportedly said.
another high-profile case is that of vikram kothari, chairman and md of kanpur-based rotomac global.
kothari is embroiled in a controversy for alleged loan default worth over rs 3,695 crore taken from different state-owned banks.
the cbi has registered an fir against kothari on the basis of a complaint by the bank of baroda.
this decade alone has been a calendar of banking frauds.
in 2011, cbi revealed that executives of bank of maharashtra, obc and idbi bank created around 10,000 fictitious accounts in which loans worth rs 1,500 crore were deposited.
from massive scams to willful defaulters, the list is almost endless.
* mumbai police filed nine firs against public sector firms for perpetrating rs 600 crore fixed deposit fraud.
* electrotherm india defaulted on a payment of rs 436 crore to the central bank of india.
* kolkata-based industrialist bipin vohra allegedly used forged documents to get `14 billion as a loan from the central bank of india.
* ex-chairman and md of syndicate bank sk jain was arrested for allegedly receiving bribes for sanctioning loans worth rs 8,000 crore.
* vijay mallya was declared a willful defaulter by union bank of india and sbi, and pnb followed suit in 2015.
* as on september 30, 2017, jatin mehta-promoted winsome diamonds & jewellery ltd and forever precious jewellery & diamonds ltd owed close to `6,712 crore to various banks.
* kolkata-based rei agro, a company owned by sandip jhunjhunwala, owes rs 3,871 crore* reid & taylor (india) limited & s kumars nationwide limited promoted by nitin kasliwal owe more than rs 5,000 crore.
in 2015, it was discovered that employees of jain infraprojects defrauded central bank of india for over rs 2 billion.
a foreign exchange scam in which rs 60 billion was sent to a fake corporation in hong kong by bank employees surfaced.
the year 2016 next topped the cake, when it was discovered that four people opened almost 380 accounts with syndicate bank and stole `10 billion using fake cheques, lous and insurance policies.
in 2017, fugitive mallyas debt rose rs 9,500 crore to idbi and other banks.
the cbi had registered fir against five psbs and six chargesheets were filed against deccan chronicle holdings for causing a loss of rs 11.
61 billion.
the same year, cbi arrested kolkata-based promoter of shree ganesh jewellery house, nilesh parekh, for allegedly causing a loss of rs 22.
23 billion to 20 banks by diverting money from loans through shell companies in hong kong, singapore and the uae.
the cbi also filed a case against the former zonal head of the bank of maharashtra and a director of a surat-based private logistics company for being involved in a rs 8.
36-billion scam.
this year, a director of the andhra bank was arrested by ed for participating in a rs 5-billion bank fraud involving a pharmaceuticals company.
in february, cbi registered a case against indias biggest sugar producer, simbhaoli sugars ltd, chairman gurmit singh mann, deputy managing director gurpal singh and others on a complaint by the obc over a loan fraud of rs 97.
85 croregurpal singh is punjab chief minister capt amarinder singhs son-in-law.
a few days before, a rs 3.
9-billion fraud was exposed in obc, which has incurred losses to the tune of rs 5 billion.
an iim bangalore study found banking scams cost psbs at least rs 22,743 crore between 2012 and 2016.
rbi data shows over 25,600 cases of banking fraud, worth rs 1.
79 billion up to december 21 last yeararound 455 such cases of rs 1,00,000 or above were detected at icici bank; 429 at sbi, 244 at standard chartered bank and 237 at hdfc bank.
the central vigilance commission is supervising the cbi investigation into 10 big bank fraud cases.
meanwhile, the countrys cooperative banks are most vulnerable to scamsters.
their primary objective is to assist the agriculture sector to economically empower rural india by giving financial assistance to small and medium farmers.
the uttarakhand state cooperative bank ltd (uscb) is in the eye of a storm for violating norms by financing liquor contracts and sugar mills, and sanctioning loans to relatives of board members without collateral; its npas amount to rs 165 crore in 2018.
the bank reportedly has not filed any recovery case in 2016-17 with the total recovery being just rs 3.
11 lakh.
the system suffers due to collusion between politicians and pliable managements, which give credit to the well-connected and later would waive the repayment.
rural development lender nabard has accused a mumbai politician of gross financial irregularities at the mumbai district central cooperative bank involving dozens of credit cooperative societies.
npas, bad loans and loan waiver schemes are burdening the sector.
according to the national federation of state cooperative banks, absolute npas of district central cooperative banks (dccbs) at the end of march 31, 2016 was rs 22,406 crore, and state cooperative banks lost rs 5,147 crore.
as of march 31, 2016, only 62,050 primary agricultural credit societies were viable out of nearly 93,367.
the tragedy is that bad loans from these banks are passed on to large nationalised banks which are reeling under huge amounts of bad business loans.
a multitude of co-op banks have collapsed over the years, and depositors mostly get only 10 per cent to 15 per cent of their money deposited after the liquidation process that could last for nearly a decade, or just `1 lakh each through the deposit insurance guarantee corporation.
fake ids, proxy deposits and fake gold guarantees form a common pattern in such scams.
after demonetisation, vested interests used many cooperative banks to launder money.
in 2016, ed started a probe into high-value transactions, some of which involved over a dozen cooperative banks in mumbai that received deposits of rs 1,596 crore in old notes and 205 new bank accounts opened in allahabad into which scrapped notes were deposited.
the directorate is completing investigation into a group of two dozen dccbs in four states for money laundering.
the taxpayers money is ultimately used for bailouts; the government will revive 23 district co-operative banks on the verge of closure with an infusion of rs 2,375 crore.
frauds, big or small, have financial implications.
for instance, in bank of maharashtra, the fraud amount as a percentage of total assets were 1.
02, shows iias data.
added to a gross npa of 19 per cent, this means that more than one-fifth of the asset size is at risk every year due to weak controls and lack of adequate due diligence.
in november 2017, nabard sanctioned a special limit of rs 21,000 crore to dccbs for agricultural credits.
an rti reply revealed in early 2017 that the rbi had no details of any irregularities or scams in the exchange of the demonetised currency notes of rs 500 and rs 1,000 by the cooperative banks.
however, iim bangalore data revealed that more than 95 per cent of fraud cases and amounts are in commercial banks, where public sector banks account for just about 18 per cent of total number of fraud cases.
but the subtext is that the amount involved comes up to 83 per cent.
scams in private sector banks which record around 55 per cent of fraud cases are only worth about 13 per cent of the total amount involved.
the iim paper noted that the frauds may be primarily due to lack of adequate supervision of top management, faulty incentive mechanism in place for employees; collusion between the staff, corporate borrowers and third party agencies; weak regulatory system; lack of appropriate tools and technologies in place to detect early warning signals of a fraud; lack of awareness of bank employees and customers; and lack of coordination among different banks across india and abroad.
the delays in legal procedures for reporting, and various loopholes in system have been considered some of the major reasons of frauds and npas.
moreover, there is a difference in the assessment of npa value between banks and the rbi.
there was a difference of around rs 23,239 crore between sbis npa divergence and the rbi at the end of march 2017.
after the nirav modi scam broke, the finance ministry asked psbs to check all npas amounting to over rs 50 crore for fraud, identify willful defaulters and refer the cases to the cbi while keeping the ed and directorate of revenue intelligence in the loop with a 15-day deadline.
idbi bank has initiated a quality assurance audit (qaa) and roped in an external expert, to strengthen its internal audit.
the scope of qaa includes review of the internal audit framework (policies, processes, procedures, reporting structures, formats etc) and integration thereof with risk-based supervision.
besides, it will also review branch risk rating framework to ensure that various business risk assessment parameters, criticality, risk weightages and audit observations reflect the risk severity of the branches, in terms of business performance, adherence to procedures and regulatory compliances.
this is expected to be completed by april and we will implement the suggestions of qaa immediately to strengthen and reinforce the internal audit system with our business goals, observes mahesh kumar jain, md & ceo, idbi bank.
others such as bank of baroda and bank of india too have drawn up action plans to strengthen the controls in the areas of trade finance, swift, credit risk, operational risk besides cyber and it risk.
we will be submitting our action plan with the board for approvals, following which it will be rolled out, says a senior official of bank of india.
the rbi has set up a panel to study rising cases of bank frauds and create a blueprint to curb them.
india ranks fifth in bad loans in the world.
however, as long as collusion between big business and top bankers continues in a growth-at-any-cost-fuelled economy, financial frauds are likely to continue.
while we expect the framework is positive in the long-run, banks will see a spike in npas over the next couple of quarters, notes mitul budhbhatti, associate director, care ratings.
only strict vetting procedures, monitoring and early action will end the prevalent corruption in indias banking sector.
by express news servicenew delhi: union it minister ravishankarprasad prasad on monday made a strong pitch to ceos of global electronics giants to expand their manufacturing operations in india.
india will offer you human resource, investor-friendly policies and incentives for making in india and for exports, prasad said, following a ceo roundtable which saw the attendance of representatives from around 50 electronics majors.
prasad also promised that the government would roll out a complete roadmap for the sector over the next 2-3 months, including incentives and sops for firms that deepen their manufacturing and export commitments.
the niti aayog is slated to bring out a plan in this regard in consultation with the it ministry, he said.
these sops envisioned in the policy will entail various aspects including incentives from state government as well as favourable land and energy policies.
india, prasad asserted, needs to become a 5g hub and pointed out that this would need the ecosystem to be backed by solid intellectual property (ip), patents and research and development.
india is also open to companies that want to leverage it purely for exports, he said.
india has set itself a target of creating a $400 billion (about rs 28.
43 lakh crore) electronic manufacturing ecosystem by 2025, and notified a new policy to boost manufacturing activities.
mondays closed-door meeting included representatives from all major verticals of electronics sector such as mobile handsets, consumer electronics, strategic electronics, medical devices, electronics manufacturing services, components, telecom and led lighting, among others.
big names in the electronics and industry including apple, samsung, vivo, oppo, qualcomm, xiaomi, dell, hp, bosch, cisco, flextronics, foxconn, nokia, lg, panasonic, intel, wistron, and sterlite technologies attended the roundtable.
prasad said he had directed the ministry to set up an institutionalised mechanism in the form of a taskforce that would regularly interact with the industry, take their suggestions.
by iansnew delhi: the department of telecommunications (dot) will consult with the home ministry and the prime minister's office (pmo) before taking a final call on allowing chinese telecom major huawei to take part in the upcoming 5g spectrum-based field trials, an official source said here.
it is a security issue not a telecom or technology one, home ministry will have to be in the loop and also the pmo whose views are very crucial on matters relating security of the system or country, the official said.
the call on such a decision will have to be with detailing and due consultation.
we will also have to see worldwide how the issue has been handled by the governments wherever huawei is operating.
it's a larger call than just a equipment supply, he added.
the government has constituted a committee headed by the principal scientific advisor, to decide on huawei's participation in the 5g trials.
according to the source, the panel's recommendations will be communicated to the home ministry and the pmo to take a holistic view on the issue.
also read: hope government takes independent decision on group, says huawei india ceo jay chenthe new telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad has said in a recent briefing: there are security issues it is not only a matter of technology, where their participation in 5g is concerned.
participation of 5g is not conditional upon the trial being started.
whether a particular company is allowed to participate or not is a complex question including security issues, he had pointed, he said.
huawei has been seeking clarity from the ministry on whether it would be allowed to participate in the field trials along with a telecom operator.
in october last year, the shenzen-based huawei said it had been invited by the dot to participate in the discussions on 5g trials.
another chinese major, zte, however, was not invited.
the three equipment vendors who have got the green signal from the panel are samsung, nokia and ericsson.
for the trials, jio is likely to partner with samsung, nokia with airtel and vodafone idea (vil) with ericsson.
also read: can india offset huawei's global losses post us ban?
huawei has come under the cloud after allegations that that the company's electronic and telecom devices help the chinese government to spy on us corporations and agencies.
the situation worsened last year with the huawei cfo and daughter of the company's founder, meng wanzhou's arrest in canada at the request of the us government on grounds that the company had violated trade sanctions against iran.
this has become a major international incident.
china has a national intelligence law, enacted in october 2017, which mandates that the government can ask any of their companies to provide any kind of data - either onshore or offshore, while the dot is aware of this chinese legislation.
the us has been asking its allies in europe and other countries to cease doing business with huawei, particularly with regard to the international roll out of 5g equipment.
the wireless firm orange has ruled out using huawei products in its core 5g network in france, and germany's deutsche telekom has announced that it is reviewing purchases of huawei equipment.
vodafone, however, has said that it will turn on its 5g service in the uk on july 3 with the help of huawei equipment.
in india, vodafone idea has selected ericsson as its partner.
sana shakil byexpress news servicenew delhi: even after the supreme court banned the practice of instant triple talaq, 248 such instances were reported from the country when muslim men used the illegal practice to get divorce from their wives, according to the government.
on wednesday, the centre also informed the parliament that approximately 477 such cases have been reported since january 1, 2017 till date.
in response to a question in the lok sabha, union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said, so far approximately 248 cases have been reported in country after the sc judgment.
however, state wise details are not maintained centrally.
as per the media and other reports there were approximately 477 cases reported since 1st january, 2017 as on today.
the minister also said that though detailed data of such cases is not available but as per information received, the state of uttar pradesh has the highest number of such cases.
prasad also informed the parliament that the centre has brought an ordinance to stop the illegal practice by making it a criminal offence.
he, however, added, state wise details regarding the number of cases filed under the muslim women (protection of rights on marriage) ordinance, 2018 are not maintained centrally.
in august 2017, a five judge bench of the apex court declared instant triple talaq (talaq-e-biddat) as unconstitutional.
they said it did not form an essential part of religion under article 25 (right to religion) of the constitution.
new delhi: microsoft ceo satya nadella today met it minister ravishankarprasad prasad and discussed the company's rural digital initiatives and leveraging linkedin for creating employment opportunities.
microsoft is doing good work in india.
in particular, we have appreciated their initiative for digital inclusion in village, the harisal pilot project in maharashtra where they brought in technology and connectivity for digital health and digital education, prasad said after the 30-minute meeting.
this is something i am considering for replication in our larger vision for digi gaon initiative, he added.
prasad said that other issues discussed included linkedin involvement in skilling professionals to be exposed to good job opportunities.
the issue of h-1b visas did not figure at the meeting with the india-born ceo of microsoft, he said.
the minister said nadella represented a powerful statement of extraordinary contribution of india's talent and accomplishments.
by ptinew delhi: taking aims at west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee over the cbi probe into chit fund scams, the bjp monday questioned if her dharna to protest action against kolkata police commissioner rajeev kumar was because he held many secrets and needed to be saved.
rejecting the opposition charge that the cbi's move to question kumar amounted to an attack on the federal structure by the modi government, bjp leader and union minister ravishankarprasad prasad said it cannot be cited as a shield to save the corrupt and asserted that the agency acted as per law.
speaking to reporters, prasad took a swipe at the unity among opposition parties against the cbi action, describing it as an alliance of the corrupt, and said its soldiers from bihar to uttar pradesh, including congress president rahul gandhi, are facing probe in different cases of alleged graft.
banerjee has defied all norms to sit in a dharna in kolkata, he said, adding that the police commissioner's decision to join her protest was unprecedented and was in violation of norms guiding police officers' conduct.
he said banerjee kept quiet when many of her trinamool congress leaders, including mps, were arrested but has started a dharna to support a police officer.
it seems he knows a lot of secrets, prasad said.
these suspicious circumstances clearly indicate that the police commissioner knows a lot and therefore needed to be saved by the chief minister, he said.
by express news servicenew delhi: chief justice of india ranjan gogoi on thursday said the judiciary is witnessing an unprecedented rise in instances of indecorous acts and lamented that graceful discourses and deliberations were increasingly being replaced by loud and motivated conduct in the courts.
cji, who was speaking during the independence day celebrations at the supreme court, urged the stakeholders to ensure that the decorum and dignity of the judiciary are not lost.
the indian judiciary has since some time witnessed an unprecedented rise of instances of indecorous acts.
such instances of inappropriate behaviour have raised their ugly head in all courts, including the supreme court.
graceful and pleasant discourses and deliberations are increasingly being replaced by loud and motivated conduct, gogoi added.
law minister ravishankarprasad prasad, who was also present at the occasion, laid stress on taking in-house corrective measures to ensure discipline, judicial propriety and accountability in all courts.
he criticised some high courts for procrastinating pils.
prasad said there should be a fast-track approach for disposal of old appeals as criminal and civil appeals of the 1980s are still pending in high courts.
attorney general kk venugopal said there should be distinct judges constituting the court of appeal and the collegium system of the apex court should be the basis of their appointment too.
there should be intermediate courts of appeal between the supreme court and the high courts of the country, he said.
by express news servicenew delhi: the bjp on monday slammed the leader of the congress in the lok sabha mallikarjuna kharge for comparing prime minister narendra modi with former german dictator adolf hitler.
the bjp also claimed that the congress leader and former union minister p chidambaram is mocking sentiments of people by charging that the saffron outfit after promising jobs is taking recourse to statue and temples.
speaking to reporters, union minister ravishankarprasad prasad lamented that kharge compared modi with hitler.
i am shocked.
it was former prime minister indira gandhi who used the language of hitler during emergency.
claiming that kharge's tirade is on account of desperation in the congress staring at defeat in elections, prasad claimed that the congress leader cannot move a step without the permission of the gandhi family.
incidentally, kharge had remarked in mumbai on sunday that modi is trying to do what hitler had done in germany, besides quipping that the constitution is in danger.
prasad also took swipe at chidambaram.
incidentally, former union minister and the congress leader had tweeted that the bjp, in the beginning, had promised jobs and money in the bank accounts of the people but after four and a half years the party is back to statue and grand temple talks.
prasad said that the congress president rahul gandhi, who often visits temples, needed to clarify on the statement of the party leaders.
the congress needs to clear the party stand.
frequent temple visits aren't in sync with criticism of ram temple (at ayodhya) by the congress leaders, added prasad.
the minister claimed that the congress leaders are not paying attention to the sentiments of the people.
prasad also took exception to the criticism of statue (of sardar vallabh bhai patel), saying that the congress also ignored the legacy of the unifier of the country.
the minister noted that hundreds of schemes, public places are named after the members of the gandhi family.
by iansnew delhi: as the election results paved the way for the formation of a new government under prime minister narendra modi, several names have started doing the rounds for getting plum cabinet portfolios.
the name of railway minister piyush goyal, who briefly served as finance minister last year when arun jaitley was indisposed, is being circulated as the next full-time finance minister though other names are also doing the rounds.
current law and it minister ravishankarprasad prasad, who was also telecom minister for some time in the previous government, is likely to get the telecom ministry again.
sources said if jaitley does not take charge at the finance ministry in the new government, ostensibly due to health reasons, then the government may opt for a known hand at the ministry.
goyal had also presented the interim budget during his term as finance minister.
follow our full election coverage hereif jaitley opts out, goyal may be the key choice as he has worked in the ministry, with a budget round the corner and an economic slowdown hurting the government and an economic survey due as well, modi may not go for a brand new face, sources said.
but there has been no official confirmation on the ministerial appointments as the team for the new government is currently in the process of being worked out.
the telecom ministry is also likely to get an old hand in prasad after the incumbent manoj sinha lost the election from ghazipur (east).
prasad won from patna sahib constituency in bihar defeating congress candidate and former bjp leader shatrughan sinha.
by online deskthe all india muslim personal law board (aimplb), during their working committee meeting on sunday, decided to approach opposition parties to stall the triple talaq ordinance in the winter session of the parliament.
addressing the media, aimplb member qasim rasool illyas said, we have decided that our members will be approaching leaders of opposition parties especially rajya sabha members so that the triple talaq ordinance is not cleared by the parliament.
this ordinance goes against the interests of muslim women.
as per the minutes of the meeting, the board informed the members that it had already constituted a committee to reach out to all secular political parties to build a consensus against the government's ordinance.
read| around 248 cases of triple talaq in india, says ravishankarprasad prasadchief organiser of aimplb, asma zehra said the board members decided that muslim women would meet those of other faiths and try to find out a common way for issues plaguing the women across all communities.
other issues such as ayodhya land dispute, matters concerning muslim women and darul qaza (shariat courts) were also discussed at the full house meeting.
in august 2017, a five-judge bench of the apex court declared instant triple talaq (talaq-e-biddat) as unconstitutional.
they said it did not form an essential part of religion under article 25 (right to religion) of the constitution.
the triple talaq bill which is called the muslim women (protection of rights on marriage) bill, 2018, will be taken up for discussion in the lok sabha today.
by ptinew delhi: paving the way for the first ever-three way merger of public sector lenders, the cabinet wednesday approved amalgamation of dena bank and vijaya bank with bank of baroda that would create the country's third largest lender.
law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said there would be no retrenchment of employees and that their services conditions would also not be affected post merger.
the boards of the three banks have also cleared the share-swap ratio for the proposed amalgamation.
as per the scheme of amalgamation announced by bank of baroda, shareholders of vijaya bank would get 402 equity shares of bob for every 1,000 shares held in the bank.
in case of dena bank, the shareholders would get 110 shares of bob for every 1,000 shares owned in the bank.
the scheme would come into into force on april 1, 2019.
also read | merger of bob, dena bank and vijaya bank unwarranted: all india bank employees associationat a media briefing, prasad said the cabinet has approved the amalgamation of dena bank and vijaya bank with bob.
there will be no impact on the service conditions of the employees and there will be no retrenchment following the merger, prasad said.
he also said that the amalgamation would help create a strong globally competitive bank with economies of scale and enable realisation of wide-ranging synergies.
the amalgamation would be the first-ever three-way consolidation of banks in india, with a combined business of rs 14.
82 lakh crore, making it the third largest bank after sbi and icici bank.
the merger would also create the second largest public sector bank.
post this merger, the number of psu banks will come down to 19.
leveraging of networks, low-cost deposits and subsidiaries of the three banks has the potential of yielding significant synergies, prasad said.
it would position the consolidated entity for substantial rise in customer base, market reach, operational efficiency, wider bouquet of products and services, and improved access for customers, he added.
the scheme of amalgamation would be laid before the parliament for 30 days for the perusal of the members.
also read | amalgamated bank to be 2nd largest in india: denasources said the scheme would be laid before the parliament before the end of the winter session, which is to end on january 8.
in september 2018, the alternative mechanism headed by finance minister arun jaitley gave in-principle approval for the merger of the three banks with a view to creating a global-sized lender.
last year, financial services secretary rajiv kumar said employees of the merged entity would enjoy best of service conditions and no employees would face a service condition which is in any way adverse in nature.
the brand identity would also be protected.
kumar had also said that the individual strengths of the three banks would translate into advantages in terms of market reach, operational efficiencies and the ability to support a wider offering of product and services.
the government has already committed capital support for the merged entity, which is projected to have a net npa ratio of 5.
71 per cent.
this would be much lower than that the average ratio of 12.
13 per cent for public sector banks.
provision coverage ratio (pcr) would be better at 67.
5 per cent against the average of 63.
7 per cent.
also read | dena bank to receive rs 4,100 crore ahead of mergerfor the merged entity, the cost to income ratio would be 48.
94 per cent whereas the average for public sector lenders is 53.
92 per cent.
capital adequacy ratio (car) at 12.
25 per cent would be significantly above the regulatory norm of 10.
87 per cent.
the amalgamated banks would have access to a wider talent pool and a large database that may be leveraged through analytics for competitive advantage in a rapidly digitalising banking context, prasad said.
on the bse, shares of bob closed at rs 119.
40, down 3.
16 per cent.
shares of vijaya bank and dena bank ended the day almost flat at rs 51.
05 and rs 17.
95, respectively.
in 2017, sbi merged five of its subsidiary banks with itself and also took over bharatiya mahila bank.
this catapulted the state-owned bank into the league of top 50 global lenders.
by ptinew delhi: the congress on monday gave notices of breach of privilege in both houses of parliament, demanding an explanation from the government on why it provided the supreme court wrong information on the rafale deal.
while leader of opposition in the rajya sabha ghulam nabi azad sent the notice to the chairman of the upper house, congress' leader in the lok sabha mallikarjun kharge kharge gave the notice in the lower house.
i have given a breach of privilege notice against the government and in particular against law minister ravishankarprasad prasad as it was the law ministry that gave the go ahead for presenting the affidavit before the supreme court, he said.
this is the first time that a government has provided wrong information to the supreme court, he said.
this is why our demand for a joint parliamentary committee (jpc) becomes more relevant.
we demand that a jpc be formed to probe the theft in the rafale deal, azad said.
we have no faith in this government as it is misleading the supreme court by giving false information and is also misleading the people of the country, he alleged.
the congress, through its notices, is demanding answers from the law minister on why the government provided wrong information to the supreme court about the cag report on the rafale pricing issue, he said.
the congress sunday urged the supreme court to recall its rafale judgment and issue notices to the central government for contempt of court and perjury, alleging the centre provided false information to the apex court.
senior congress leader anand sharma alleged that the government was guilty of committing breach of privilege of both houses of parliament by claiming that the cag report on rafale aircraft pricing was presented to the public accounts committee of parliament.
the supreme court on friday dismissed pleas alleging irregularities in the rafale deal, saying there was no occasion to really doubt the decision-making process warranting setting aside of the defence contract for purchase of 36 rafale fighter jets.
in its judgment, the court made a reference to a cag report on the aircraft deal.
it said the cag report was examined by the public accounts committee of parliament.
but the congress insisted that the government presented wrong facts before the court during the hearing of pleas challenging the aircraft deal with france, which gave the government relief in the cases.
on saturday, the centre moved the supreme court seeking correction in the judgment, saying misinterpretation of its note resulted in a controversy in the public domain.
the centre made it clear that it did not say the cag report was examined by the pac or a redacted portion was placed before parliament.
it clarified the note had said the government has already shared the price details with cag, written in past tense and is factually correct.
by ptinew delhi: bjp workers and mourners gathered in large numbers at the party headquarters in delhi on wednesday to pay their last respects to sushma swaraj, a veteran leader, former external affairs minister and didi to many of them.
some cried inconsolably and others fought back tears as senior party leaders, including bjp president amit shah and working president j p nadda, covered swaraj's body with the national flag and paid their tributes.
swaraj's husband and daughter saluted her as the mortal remains were kept on a hearse decorated with flowers at the bjp office on ddu marg, before its final journey to lodhi road crematorium.
bansuri swaraj, daughter, and swaraj kaushal, husband of former external affairs minister sushma swaraj at bjp headquarters in new delhi on 7 august 2019.
(photo | pti)a leading face of bjp and its most prominent woman leader for decades, swaraj died on tuesday night at the age of 67.
the body was brought from her residence to the party office wednesday.
outside the party office, people chanted jab tak suraj chand rahega didi tera naam rahega (your name will endure as long as the sun and the moon exist).
they jostled and waited for their turn to pay their last respects.
view photos | nation bids final farewell to people's minister sushma swarajthe security guards had a hard time managing them.
the party flag at the bjp headquarters flew at half-mast as a mark of respect to the departed leader.
uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath and his haryana counterpart manohar lal khattar were among the party leaders who offered their tributes to swaraj at the party office.
several members of the modi cabinet, including defence minister rajnath singh, harsh vardhan, ramesh pokhriyal nishank, hardeep singh puri, ravishankarprasad prasad, chief ministers of many states, and senior bjp leaders paid homage to swaraj.
among the crowd was gyandeep bharti, a upsc aspirant, who said she was impressed by swaraj's personality and how she went out of her way as external affairs minister to help people in distress.
there was also salim mansooru, who came from sangam vihar, remembered her for her humility and affection.
a group of flower sellers from r k puram said they always gave her flowers on her birthday and have now come to offer flowers for one last time.
general (retired) v k singh's wife bharti singh fondly remembered sushma as a close family friend.
read here | rip sushma swaraj: india loses its peoples minister, a powerful oratorwhenever general saheb went on foreign tour she would call me and assure don't worry, i am there, singh said, referring her husband's role as junior foreign minister under swaraj.
she had invited me and my husband at her residence on coming friday but the fate snatched her away, she added.
the 96-year-old owner of mdh spice company mahashay dharampal gulati wept as he paid homage to swaraj.
veteran politician amar singh called swaraj his sister and said he found it hard to believe the sad news of her demise.
prime minister narendra modi pays his last respects during the funeral ceremony of former external affairs minister sushma swaraj, at lodhi crematorium in new delhi.
(photo | pti)swaraj's death has cast a pall of gloom across the nation and many people came from different parts of the country to pay respects.
abhilash, a kerala bjp member from its lawyers' association came all the way from thiruvananthapuram to pay his respects.
i knew her and we are deeply saddened by her loss, he said.
women party workers neeti jain and meena bhati described swaraj as an inspiration for them and added her demise was a great loss for them.
new delhi: amidst repeated noise over tampering of electronic voting machines, the poll panel is expediting the process of acquitting paper trail machines in next two years, cleared by the union cabinet last week to buy 16,15000 voter verifiable paper audit trail (vvpat) units at an estimated cost of rs 3,173.
47 crore.
.
in order to meet the expected deadline for paper trail machines, to be used in all polling stations before 2019 general elections, the election commission has issued letter of intent to ecil and bel and informed the manufacturers that the 8,07,500 machines would be bought by september 2018.
detailing about the measures taken by the poll panel, the chief election commissioner dr nasim zaidi said  this will enhance transparency and uphold the voters right to know which party he or she has voted, thereby increasing voters confidence in the free & fair electoral process.
in a statement, issued by the election commission on saunday, the panel said that these machines be manufactured by both the psus only as per the design approved by the commission based on recommendation of the technical experts committee on evms constituted by it.
the commission shall closely monitor the production of vvpats for timely delivery well before general elections 2019, it said.
decision to procure paper trail machines came in the backdrop of demands raised by several political parties for the use of these machines to dispel doubts that the evms are not tampered with.
sixteen parties had recently petitioned the ec to revert to paper ballot system for greater transparency.
the bsp, aap and congress had attacked the poll panel for allegedly using tampered evms.since september, 2013, the election commission has given many reminders to the government seeking funds for vvpat machines.
in fact, nasim zaidi himself had recently written to the law minister ravishankarprasad prasad drawing his attention to the funds needed for the machines.
earlier, in october last year, he had also written to the pm on the issue.
even the apex court had also asked the poll watchdog to give a tentative time-frame by which it can use vvpat machines in all polling stations, in which the ec had said manufacture require at least 30 months to produce the over 16 lakh vvpats.
according to the ec officials, the new machines will be add more transparency in the conduct of polls as the paper trail machines leave a paper trail which helps an elector confirm whether the evm has faithfully registered the vote has cast to a particular candidate.
by ptinew delhi: law minister ravishankarprasad prasad on tuesday moved the triple talaq bill in rajya sabha, saying it has been brought to ensure justice for muslim women and should not be seen through a political prism.
urging members to approve 'the muslim women (protection of rights on marriage) bill, 2019', he said the practice of triple talaq is continuing despite the supreme court banning the same through its judgement.
the bill has been passed by the lok sabha last week.
moving the bill, prasad said the proposed legislation should be not seen through a political prism or vote bank politics, as it aims to ensure gender dignity and equality.
this issue should not be seen through a political prism or vote bank politics.
this is a question of humanity.
this is for ensuring justice to women, dignity and empowerment to women and to ensure gender dignity and equality, he said.
he said after the supreme court judgement banning instant triple talaq as many as 574 cases of the illegal practice have come to the notice of the government.
he added that after the last ordinance issued by the government criminalising the practice, as many as 101 cases have come to light.
the judgement has come, but no action on triple talaq has been taken.
that is why we have brought this law, because the law is deterrence, he said.
prasad the practice has been banned in more than 20 islamic countries, but has not happened in secular india due to one or the other reason.
the congress, however, opposed the criminal angle in the bill.
amee yajnik said through this bill, the government has thrust women into a criminal magisterial court for settling family matters.
chairman m venkaiah naidu has allotted four hours for discussing the legislation.
under the muslim women (protection of rights on marriage) bill, 2019, divorcing through instant triple talaq will be illegal, void and would attract a jail term of three years for the husband.
while the bill makes triple talaq a non-bailable offence, an accused can approach a magistrate even before trial to seek bail.
in a non-bailable offence, bail cannot be granted by police at the police station itself.
new delhi: the government will soon enable 100 villages with world-class digital infrastructure to empower the citizens as the country aims for a digital economy, electronics and it minister ravishankarprasad prasad said here on monday.
with an aim to promote e-governance initiatives, prasad conferred digital india awards 2016 to 28 winners in eight categories at an event organised by the national informatics centre (nic), under the aegis of ministry of electronics and information technology (meity), at vigyan bhavan here.
the government is working towards the concept of digital villages.
to start with, we would like to enable 100 such villages with virtual world facilities in the field of infrastructure, education and healthcare, prasad told the gathering.
pp chaudhary, minister of state for law and it, formally launched the government services portal https://services.
india.gov.
in/ at the event.
the portal has been developed with an objective to enable a single-window access to services being provided by the various indian government entities.
i must congratulate nic for instituting this award for the architects of the digital transformation of the country and to the participants as well for their relentless work towards this digital revolution, added chaudhary.
prasad recommended nic to add three more award categories to digital awards from next year: departments/ districts encouraging cashless transactions; departments/ districts/municipal corporations promoting digital education and healthcare; and young entrepreneurs developing smartphone apps for new business opportunities.
the volume of digital transaction in india has crossed rs 1,000 crore in 2016 which only indicates the speed and scale at which digital governance and digital transformation is taking place across the country, noted aruna sundararajan, secretary, meity.
by express news servicenew delhi: raids conducted by the cbi at 20 official and residential premises of jewellery designer nirav modi and his three relatives on february 3 and 4 yielded 95 documents, including import bills and applications relating to imports.
the investigating agency also sealed the residence of niravs wife ami modi at worli in mumbai.
the imaging (copying) of the hard discs of the computers seized have been completed and the contents are being analysed to unravel the larger conspiracy and the modus operandi of the accused persons, cbi sources said.
the complainant bank (pnb) has alleged that overseas indian banks used the funds of the letters of understanding to clear their own liabilities, a senior cbi official said.
cbi sources said the agency is examining two fresh complaints filed by punjab national bank (pnb) in connection with fraudulent transactions by prime accused nirav modi and his relatives through 142 letters of understanding (lou) and two fresh cases are likely to be filed by friday.
pnb has named pnbs junior employees deputy manager (retd.
) gokulnath shetty and manoj hanumant kharat, but the agency suspects the role of senior officials in the rs 12,000 crore scam.
the fraud was detected by pnbs mumbai zonal office on january 16 when the three partner firms led by nirav asked approached the bank with a request for issuance of buyers credit for making payments to overseas suppliers.
the accused pnb employees on february 9 issued two lous for diamond r us and solar exports for $44,15,791.
96 and $43,35,391.
38 respectively with a due date of payment on january 25, 2018.
on february 10, the accused issued three lous for the two firms and stellar diamond worth $59,42,017.
70, $58,43,161.
93 and $60,93,321.
10 respectively with due date for payment on january 25, 2018.
on february 14 last year, three more lous worth $58,56,885, $58,62,251.
03 and $58,77,064.
the ed on thursday conducted raids on 17 locations and seized gold, diamonds and stones worth rs 5,100 crore, and sealed six locations owned by niravs companies.
according to ed sources, the valuation of the loan scam is likely to increase and more officials of pnb can be involved.
ed teams carried out simultaneous raids on niravs offices, showrooms and diamond workshops in mumbai, surat (gujarat) and delhi.
in the dockwhile punjab national bank ceo and md sunil mehta on thursday said that it has taken action against 10 employees, the bank has in its three complaints to the cbi named only two junior employees for the fraudulent issuance of letters of understanding causing a staggering loss of over rs 12,000 crore.
photo controversynirav modis presence with other indian business leaders for a group photograph with prime minister narendra modi at the world economic forum (wef) in january has sparked a major controversy.
while the congress alleged that nirav was part of the pms delegation to davos, union minister ravishankarprasad prasad denied the charge, claiming the diamond merchant had been invited by the confederation of indian industries.
the business chamber, however, clarified that the jeweller was not associated with it and was invited by the wef as he was a member of the forum.
the photograph was issued by the press information bureau and tweeted by the ministry of external affairs.
following the controversy on thursday, the photograph went viral on social media, much to the embarrassment of the government.
by iansnew delhi: twitter ceo jack dorsey on monday met congress president rahul gandhi and discussed various steps the social network was taking to curb the spread of fake news and boost healthy conversation on its platform.
jack dorsey, the co-founder and ceo of twitter dropped in to chat this morning.
twitter has grown into the most dominant 'conversation' platform globally.
jack explained some of the steps being taken to keep those conversations healthy and measures being taken to tackle the menace of fake news, gandhi tweeted.
the micro-blogging platform, that has 336 million users globally, is working hard to increase the collective health, openness and civility of dialogue on its platform.
dorsey, who arrived in india on his maiden visit last week, also met the dalai lama over the weekend, calling him an amazing teacher.
thank you for not actually pulling out my nose ring, despite a lot of painful effort, he tweeted after meeting the dalai lama.
dorsey was also expected to meet union it minister ravishankarprasad prasad in the wake of the growing criticism over twitter's role in the spread of misinformation and fake news as india faces assembly polls in five states ahead of the general elections next year.
new delhi: taking a jibe at the opposition on the implementation and implication of aadhaars, union minister ravishankarprasad prasad on monday asserted that aadhaar is completely safe, secure and robust.
the poor sections of the people never have any problem with aadhar card nor with any implementation about it.
i want to dispel all the misconceptions about aadhaar as congress keeps complaining about it.
aadhaar is robust, safe, secure and totally accountable, prasad told reporters here.
prasad further added to say that the biometric and demographic data collected by the unique identification authority of india (uidai) gives a unique identification number to a citizen that is completely safe and there were enough safeguards against the misuse of this data.
earlier this week, the union minister stated that that supreme court did not put stay on aadhaar being linked to many things.
we are the law-making authority.
we are accountable to the people of the country, he said, adding that parliament has come up with a law -- the aadhaar (targeted delivery of financial and other subsidies, benefits and services) act, 2016 -- in this regard.
when the law is there, the law will hold the field, he said, clarifying that in case anything goes wrong in relation to aadhaar, there is a law to deal with it.
answering congress' charge that the bharatiya janata party and its leaders, including current prime minister narendra modi, when in opposition had opposed the idea of aadhaar, prasad said that bjp was against it as personal information of the people was being collected in absence of any law in relation to it.
he also assured the house that no poor will be denied benefits of various subsidies and welfare schemes or work for want of aadhaar.
by ptinew delhi: the supreme court tuesday granted protection from arrest in all cases registered against former ips officer bharati ghosh, who had recently joined the bjp.
a bench headed by justice a k sikri said no coercive action should be taken against her and posted the matter for further hearing after three weeks.
ghosh, once considered close to mamata banerjee, had moved the apex court seeking protection from arrest, saying the west bengal government has registered 10 firs against her.
she said that apex court had already granted protection from arrest in seven cases but the state has registered three more firs against her.
the west bengal government opposed the plea of ghosh and said there are clear evidence against her and submitted a transcript of a purported conversation between ghosh and her personal security officer.
the apex court had on october 1, last year granted her protection from arrest in a case of alleged extortion and illegal exchange of banned notes for gold.
in a previous hearing, counsel appearing for ghosh had said that seven firs have been lodged against her in an incident which dates back to 2016 in which allegedly gold was taken for currency.
he had said that police has been acting against her at different places and they should be restrained from taking any coercive action.
however, senior advocate kapil sibal, appearing for the west bengal government had opposed the plea and said she wants stay of arrest on a writ petition, which cannot be done.
he had said ghosh and her personal security officer were allegedly involved in the gold extortion case and other cases and they both acted together.
sibal had said she was already granted protection from arrest in october, last year.
on february 4, ghosh had joined the bjp in the presence of union minister ravishankarprasad prasad and senior party leader kailash vijayvargiya alleging that thugocracy has replaced democracy in the west bengal.
ghosh, who was the west midnapore superintendent of police for more than six years, was transferred as commandant of the third battalion of the state armed police on december 26, 2017.
she resigned from service two days later.
she was once considered close to banerjee and was also awarded a service medal on august 15, 2014.
ghosh was transferred twice, once by the election commission before the 2014 lok sabha polls and the second time by the state itself before the 2016 assembly elections.
she was, however, reinstated as west midnapore sp as soon as the elections got over on both occasions.
an arrest warrant was issued against ghosh in february, 2018 in connection with an extortion case registered at daspur police station in west midnapore district, following her resignation.
the cid, probing cases relating to alleged extortion and misconduct against ghosh, had also conducted raids at various properties, including a house in kolkata that belongs to her husband m a v raju.
a few police officers of inspector and sub-inspector ranks have been arrested by the cid in connection with the probe.
by ptinew delhi: an election commission proposal to put a ceiling on expenditure incurred by political parties during polls on the lines of candidates is under examination of the government, lok sabha was informed on wednesday.
in a written response, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said the poll watchdog has proposed that there should be a ceiling on party's expenditure in all elections on the lines of a cap on expenditure for candidates.
the proposal is under examination of the government, he said.
based on a march 2015 consultation on political finance and a law commission report on electoral reforms, the election commission had in april 2015 issued an outcome paper which had recommended that like individual candidates, there should be a ceiling on expenditure made by political parties.
the ec had told the government that there was a 'general agreement' among participants who were part of the consultation on electoral reforms.
at present, while there is a ceiling on campaigning fund for individual candidates in the electoral fray, there is no such cap on the money political parties can spend for electioneering.
the ceiling on expenditure must include the period before the announcement of elections, when political parties engage in widespread mobilisation and electioneering, the ec paper had said.
a candidate can spend between rs 50 lakh and rs 70 lakh, depending on the state he/she is contesting the lok sabha election from.
for all states, except arunachal pradesh, goa and sikkim, a candidate can spend a maximum of rs 70 lakh on campaigning.
by ptinew delhi: against the backdrop of nearly 60,000 pending cases in the supreme court, a bill to increase the number of judges in the top court from 30 to 33 was introduced in lok sabha on monday.
as of now, the supreme court has a sanctioned strength of 30 judges, plus the chief justice of india -- 31 judges.
once the bill gets parliamentary approval, its sanctioned strength will go up to 33, plus the cji, according to the supreme court (number of judges) amendment bill introduced by law minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
the apex court is functioning with its full strength.
the bill comes days after chief justice of india ranjan gogoi requested prime minister narendra modi to increase the number of supreme court judges.
due to paucity of judges, the required number of constitution benches to decide important cases involving questions of law were not being formed, the cji said.
you would recall that way back in 1988, about three decades ago, the judge strength of the sc was increased from 18 to 26, and then again after two decades in 2009, it was increased to 31, including the cji, to expedite disposal of cases to keep pace with the rate of institution, he wrote.
i request you to kindly consider, on top priority, to augment the judge strength in the sc appropriately so that it can function more efficiently and effectively as it will go a long way to attain the ultimate goal of rendering timely justice to the litigant public, gogoi wrote.
the supreme court (number of judges) act, 1956 was last amended in 2009 to increase the judges strength from 25 to 30 (excluding the cji).
the supreme court (number of judges) act, 1956 originally provided for a maximum of 10 judges (excluding the cji).
this number was increased to 13 by the supreme court (number of judges) amendment act, 1960, and to 17 in 1977.
the working strength of the supreme court was, however, restricted to 15 judges by the cabinet (excluding the chief justice of india) till the end of 1979.
but the restriction was withdrawn at the request of the chief justice of india.
in 1986, the strength of the top court was increased to 25, excluding the cji.
subsequently, the supreme court (number of judges) amendment act, 2009 further augmented the strength of the court from 25 to 30.
according to the statement of objects and reasons of the bill, the pendency of cases in the supreme court has constantly been on the rise due to comparatively higher rate of institution of cases.
as on the june 1, there were 58,669 cases pending in the supreme court.
it is not possible for the chief justice of india to constitute five judges bench on a regular basis to hear cases involving substantial question of law as to the interpretation of the constitution as it would result in constitution of less number of division benches which would lead to delay in hearing of other civil and criminal matters, the bill read.
the feeder cadre of chief justices and judges of the high courts have increased from 906 to 1,079 and new hcs have also been established in the previous years.
this has led to increase in the disposal of cases at the high court level leading to larger number of appeals to the supreme court, the bill said.
by ptinew delhi: with over 250 screens put up across delhi, thousands of state bjp workers attended prime minister narendra modi's mega video conference event 'mera booth sabse mazboot' on thursday.
the party's state unit made elaborate arrangements for its members and supporters to make the event a success before the lok sabha polls.
booth-level workers of 272 mandals attended the event at 252 different locations across the national capital.
bjp chief amit shah along with union minister ravishankarprasad prasad and other senior leaders attended the programme at the party's state office.
interacting with party workers from different states, modi asked them to create awareness among people about the government's welfare schemes to ensure bjp's victory in the upcoming polls.
the booth-level workers of rk puram, new delhi and malviya nagar assembly constituencies participated in the programme at the delhi bjp office.
the event was watched through the namo app.
it was also live on bjp's facebook page, twitter handle and youtube channel, among others.
by express news servicekochi: while uncertainty looms large over the fate of 450 families residing in the maradu highrises that are slated for demolition, 13 companies from outside the state have responded to the tender notice floated for demolishing the four complexes.
the companies, mainly from hyderabad, bengaluru and chennai, submitted the tender application to maradu municipality.
with the final date of submitting tender ending on monday, the municipality will open the closed tender covers on tuesday.
the bidder who quoted the lowest amount will be awarded the tender.
with the state government directing maradu municipality to demolish the flats, the latter had put up an advertisement in newspapers seeking tenders from agencies specialised in a controlled implosion.
the tenders were invited from specialised agencies after the government, in its order, asked the civic body to invite a short tender to select a suitable agency for the safe and secure demolition of the buildings.
the entire process is expected to cost `30 crore.
the government has promised the municipality all assistance to implement the supreme court order.
the sc had ordered the demolition of five apartment complexes - alfa ventures, golden kayaloram, holy faith h2o, jain housing and holiday heritage - built by holy faith builders, alfa ventures, jain housing and k p varkey and v s builders.
of these, only four apartment complexes have been built, while the project by holiday heritage is yet to start.
mps from state write letter to pm modikochi: demanding immediate intervention in the maradu flat demolition issue, 17 lok sabha mps from the state wrote a letter to prime minister narendra modi on monday.
however, due to their differences of opinion on the issue, thrissur mp t n prathapan and kollam mp n k premachandran did not sign on the letter.
wayanad mp rahul gandhi also did not sign the letter as he was unavailable in new delhi.
the group of mps coordinated by ernakulam mp hibi eden also reached out to union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad and environment minister prakash javdekar with the letter.
sudheeran seeks legal action against builderstpuram : senior congress leader v m sudheeran has called upon chief minister pinarayi vijayan to initiate legal proceedings against the builders responsible for the maradu flat issue.
in a letter to the chief minister, sudheeran welcomed the government initiative to call an all-party meeting on the issue.
however, he urged the chief minister to ensure that the builders who resort to illegal means are not given any concession.
the verdict gives the message that any illegal construction can be regularised by paying a nomina fine, he said.
sudheeran said he raised the issue earlier in a letter to the chief minister on jan 11,2018.
by ptinew delhi: the cabinet thursday approved the promulgation of an ordinance to allow voluntary use of aadhaar as identity proof for opening a bank account and procuring mobile phone connection.
the ordinance was necessitated as a bill, passed by the lok sabha on january 4 but pending in the rajya sabha, would have lapsed with the dissolution of the current lok sabha.
the ordinance will now give the effect to the changes in the aadhaar act such as giving a child an option to exit from the biometric id programme on attaining 18 years of age.
briefing reporters after a meeting of the cabinet chaired by prime minister narendra modi, law and it minister ravishankarprasad prasad said the cabinet has approved the promulgation of an ordinance to give effect to the aadhaar and other laws (amendment) bill.
the amendment provides for stiff penalties for violation of norms set for the use of aadhaar and violation of privacy.
it bans storing of core biometric information as well as aadhaar number by service providers in cases of individuals who have voluntarily offered the national id as a means of authentication.
aadhaar can be used as kyc on a voluntary basis under the telegraph act and pmla rules.
any entity using aadhaar will have to adhere to privacy guidelines, prasad said.
the amended law makes it clear that anyone not offering aadhaar cannot be denied any service, be it opening of a bank account or obtaining a mobile phone sim card.
the amendments will provide for 12-digit aadhaar number and its alternate numbers to be generated in a manner so as to conceal the actual aadhaar number.
the proposed changes also seeks to lay down the procedure for offline verification of an aadhaar number holder, and confers enhanced regulator-like power on the unique identification authority of india (uidai) to give directions as it may consider necessary to any entity in the aadhaar ecosystem.
it proposes that every requesting entity to whom an authentication request is made will inform the aadhaar number holder of alternate and viable means of identification and shall not deny any service to them for refusing to, or being unable to undergo authentication.
the changes that were proposed included a civil penalty of up to rs 1 crore on entities that violate the provisions of the aadhaar act, with an additional fine of up to rs 10 lakh per day in case of continuous non-compliance.
unauthorized use of identity information by a requesting entity or offline verification seeking entity would be punishable with imprisonment of up to three years with a fine that may extend to rs 10,000 or in case of a company with a fine of up to rs 1 lakh.
punishment for unauthorised access to the central identities data repository as well as data tampering is proposed to be extended to 10 years each from the current three years.
it also seeks to omit section 57 of the aadhaar act relating to the use of aadhaar by private entities.
new delhi: it services major infosys today said it will hire 20,000 people this year as against only 400 people being asked to leave on performance grounds and termed reports of large-scale job losses as overstated.
infosys coo ub pravin rao said the technology-driven transformation presents new opportunities for companies like infosys.
with respect to all the talks of layoffs, it's regular performance based things that we do every year.
the number is really 300-400, which is consistent with what we have seen every year, rao told reporters after a 30-minute meeting with it minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
he said the country's second largest software exporter is creating more jobs, adding more people and letting go of only minuscule number of people, purely from performance related perspective.
rao met the minister along with infosys co-chairman ravi venkatesan.
he declined however to comment on views of infosys cofounder nr narayana murthy that jobs can be protected if the senior executives of companies take salary cuts and invest in employee re-skilling.
prasad also asserted that it companies like tata consultancy services and infosys continue to hire in large numbers.
tcs has written that they have employed 2.
5 lakh people in last 3 years and this year they are going to employ 20,000 more.
.
.
all this talk of sluggishness is unwarranted, he said.
the comments come at a time when there have been reports of layoffs across the it sector.
tech majors like wipro, infosys, cognizant and tech mahindra have initiated annual performance reviews, a process that weeds out bottom performers or non-performers.
this has compounded fears that thousands of employees in the sector could be shown the door over the next few weeks.
the it sector is already battling challenges in the business environment and stricter work permit regime in countries like the us, singapore, australia and new zealand.
various employee unions have approached labour commissioners and state governments to intervene in the matter.
i think all the news about job losses are overstated.
infosys itself last year recruited over 20,000 people and this year again, we are likely to repeat similar numbers, rao said.
he added that in the first half of the year, the company will recruit over 10,000 people.
by express news servicenew delhi: after protests by aiadmk members in the rajya sabha, the centre on tuesday announced that the postal department examination would stand cancelled and would now be held in all local languages.
the aiadmk mps protested the move to hold the exam for the posts of the postman, mail guard and assistants on july 14 only in hindi and english.
the house saw repeated adjournments as the aiadmk mps, joined by members from dmk, congress, cpi(m), cpi and trinamool, came into the well demanding the exam be scrapped.
as the house met post-lunch, communications minister ravishankarprasad prasad informed the house that the government had decided to cancel the examination held on july 14 and now it will be held on all local languages.
the members welcomed the move and urged the government to ensure that students appearing in other exams were also allowed to take exams in local languages.
aiadmk and dmk mps had raised the matter during zero hour monday saying this would lead to students committing suicide in tamil nadu.
new delhi: defending the centres opposition on the triple talaq system, union electronic and it minister ravishankarprasad prasad on saturday asserted that in a secular nation like india, women cannot be allowed to suffer under such an arbitrary and derogatory system.
listing out the centres three-fold stand which was given in response to the supreme court over certain petitions filed by muslim women, prasad told ani that firstly, the issue concerns only and only about the dignity, non-discrimination of women, respect to them and gender justice and india being a secular country governed by a constitution, the abiding values of its constitution about gender justice, dignity of women needs to be respected.
the second is, india is a secular country.
secularism is a basic structure of the constitution.
can we, where we have got a secular india, allow the women to suffer a kind of a system which is derogatory and arbitrary?
he said.
illuminating the third point, the union minister mentioned that in more than a dozen islamic countries ranging from bangladesh to syria and even pakistan, matrimonial laws have been regulated by law including triple talaq.
if in acknowledged islamic countries, change of matrimonial laws is not found to be violating sharia, how can such a plea be raised in a secular country like india?
he said.
yesterday, the centre filed an affidavit in the supreme court on triple talaq and polygamy validity.
according to the affidavit, the centre said that there is no reason women in india should be denied their constitutional rights.
validity of triple talaq and polygamy have to be seen in light of gender justice, equality and dignity of women, stated the centre in its affidavit.
the government also said that polygamy and triple talaq do not adhere to constitutional values and, therefore, cannot be accepted.
the muslim law board had earlier claimed that triple talaq is a 'personal law' and, hence, cannot be modified by the centre.
new delhi: with an aim to make legal aid easily accessible to the marginalized communities and citizens living in rural areas, the government on sunday has launched the tele-law initiative of the ministry of law and justice partnered with the ministry of electronics and information technology that anchors the digital india programme, to provide legal aid services through its common service centres (csc) at the panchayat level, spread across the country.
according to the law ministry, in the first phase, the tele-law scheme will be tested as a pilot across 500 such cscs in uttar pradesh and bihar to understand the challenges and make necessary corrections to the scheme before it is scaled up and rolled out across the country in a phased manner.
under the scheme, a portal called tele-law will be launched, which will be available across the csc network.
this will connect the citizens to legal service providers with the help of technology-enabled platforms.
ministry further said that tele-law will enable people to seek legal advice from lawyers through video conferencing available at the csc.
additionally, law school clinics, district legal service authorities, voluntary service providers and non-government organisations working on legal aid and empowerment can also be connected through the cscs anywhere and anytime, in order to strengthen access to justice for the marginalized communities.
a robust monitoring and evaluation system is also being designed which will help in assessing the quality of legal advice provided and the ensuing benefit to those accessing it.
i am extremely happy to have launched the tele law, the legal aid to poor through which will be made available through the common services centers.
tele-law will fulfill our commitment to ensure access to justice & empowerment of the poor.
the common services centers and para legal volunteers will offer easy legal advice to litigants in rural india making them digitally and financially inclusive, minister for electronics, it, law and justice, ravishankarprasad prasad said while launching the initiative.
law ministrys statement also said that in addition to this, under this scheme, every csc will engage a para legal volunteer plv, who will be the first point of contact for the rural citizens and will help them in understanding the legal issues, explain the advice given by lawyers and assist in further action required in cases as per the advice of the lawyer.
women plvs will be encouraged and trained under the scheme.
one thousand women plvs will work for mainstreaming legal aid services through the cscs.
the aim is to promote women entrepreneurship and empowerment and ensure women participation.
the selected plvs will also be provided with relevant training to fulfill their responsibilities effectively.
anand st das byexpress news servicepatna: with the supreme court has deferred the hearing of the ayodhya title suit for unavailability of a judge in the five-member constitution bench, union law and justice minister ravishankarprasad prasad on monday strongly advocated a hearing of the case at the earliest as it is now a 70-year-old dispute.
while asserting that an early settlement of the ram temple issue is the wish of a majority of indias citizens, the senior bjp leader also highlighted the perceived contrast between the status of this case in the apex court and a few others that got an expeditious hearing there in recent months.
prasads statements drew stiff criticism from congress.
also read | sabarimala issue shows left government trying to disrespect kerala culture: pm modii would not comment on the unavailability of a judge, but i must say that a huge chunk of the countrys citizens want a grand ram mandir to be built there (ayodhya) i would certainly say, not as the nations law minister but as a citizen of the nation, that the ram janmabhoomi case is pending with the courts for the past 70 years and the allahabad high courts verdict was essentially in favour of ram janmabhoomi, said the minister for law, justice and electronics.
reminding that both prime minister narendra modi and bjp national president amit shah have said that this issue should be resolved through the constitutional process, prasad added: now the appeal is pending for nearly ten years.
this whole suit, which is now 70 years old, should be dealt with as early as possible.
people are also raising the issue of certain cases like sabarimala, adultery, or the case of trust vote in karnataka assembly, which the court heard in the night.
people keep asking me about this.
even the case about the urban maoists is also heard expeditiously, said prasad.
he hastened to add: all this is very good, but the countrys people want that the ram janmabhoomi case be heard at the earliest.
asserting that he has very high respect for and full faith in the supreme court, prasad further said: we only have a singular expectation that this case be heard at the earliest.
congresss senior national spokesperson shakil ahmed deplored the union ministers statements, saying they are tantamount to casting aspersions on the motive of the nations highest court.
the ayodhya case is with the nations highest court.
by comparing it with hearings in other cases, the law minister has in effect cast aspersions on the motives of the supreme court.
it is unheard of and uncalled for, said ahmed, a former union minister, to this newspaper.
by iansnew delhi: in the political 'dangal' of the lok sabha elections 2019, a slew of film celebrities including hema malini, sunny deol, kirron kher, manoj tiwari, anubhav mohanty, mimi chakraborty and nushrat jahan emerged victorious.
veteran actress hema malini, bollywood's evergreen 'dreamgirl', won from mathura by 293,471 votes, defeating narendra singh of rashtriya lok dal.
bollywood's action star sunny deol, famous for his 'dhai kilo ka haath' dialogue, displayed the weight of his stardom in gurdaspur in punjab as he won with 82,459 votes against sunil jakhar (congress).
actress kirron kher, the bjp candidate in chandigarh, defeated pawan kumar bansal (congress).
in west bengal, trinamool congress candidates mimi chakraborty and nushrat jahan emerged big winners.
mimi overcame anupam hazra (bjp) in jadavpur by 295,239 votes while nushrat defeated bjp's sayantan basu in basirhat by 350,369 votes.
actor deepak adhikari, also from the trinamool, worsted bharati ghosh (bjp) in ghatal by 107,973 votes.
in delhi, bjp's hans raj hans and manoj tiwari won easily.
also read | second coming for hema malini in mathura, actor credits modi-shah for bjp featpopular singer hans who fought from north west delhi routed gugan singh of aap by 553,897 votes while actor manoj tiwari triumphed over former chief minister sheila dikshit (congress) in north east delhi by 366,102 votes.
the bhojpuri star power was also in play as ravi kishan defeated ram bhual nishad of samajwadi party in gorakhpur.
he won by 301,664 votes.
multi-lingual actress sumalatha ambareesh, who contested from mandya in karnataka, emerged victorious against nikhil kumaraswamy of janata dal-secular by 125,876 votes.
actor anubhav mohanty of bjd won against bjp's baijayant panda by 152,584 votes in kendrapara, odisha.
in maharashtra's shirur constituency, actor amol ramsing kolhe of ncp won against shivaji adhalrao dattatrey (shiv sena) by 58,483 votes.
not lucky was urmila matondkar, a fresh entrant into politics who as the congress candidate in mumbai north lost to bjp's gopal shetty by 465,247 votes.
actress moon moon sen of trinamool lost to singer babul supriyo of bjp in asansol by 197,637 votes.
the sinha couple -- shatrughan and wife poonam -- too tasted defeat.
shatrughan, who shifted allegiance from the bjp to congress, lost to bjp's ravishankarprasad prasad in patna sahib by 284,657 votes.
his actress wife poonam sinha, who represented samajwadi party, fell short of 347,302 votes and lost to union home minister rajnath singh in lucknow.
among the others who lost was congress' raj babbar, who was trumped by rajkumar chahar of bjp in fatehpur sikri by 495,065 votes.
actor dinesh lal yadav, popular as nirahua, lost as a bjp candidate to sp leader and former uttar pradesh chief minister akhilesh yadav by 259,874 votes in azamgarh.
actress jaya prada of bjp lost to azam khan of sp in rampur by 109,997 votes.
actor prakash raj, who contested as an independent in bangalore central, lost too.
new delhi: a man has been booked for allegedly harassing, stalking and threatening to throw acid ona senior woman ias officer, who is secretary to union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad, police said today.
a complaint, filed by the woman officer at chanakyapuri police station here, said that she was being harassed by one manoj kumar since 2008 when she was posted as district magistrate in bihar and continue to send her vulgar messages, offensive e-mails and made obscene calls when she shifted to delhi as secretary to prasad in 2014, they said.
a case under section 354d (stalking) and 506 (criminal intimidation) has been registered against the accused and investigation is underway, a senior police officer said.
the complainant had alleged that the accused started harassing her when she was posted in bihar and she had also got a case registered against him there.
later, when she shifted to delhi, the accused allegedly continued to harass her and even threatened to throw acid on her and physically attack her and her three-year-old daughter, police said.
the complainant also alleged that the accused used to call her many times at her north block office when she joined ministry of finance.
the accused also allegedly filed a complaint against the woman officer claiming to be her husband and accusing her of harassment, she said in her complaint to the police.
by anipatna: known for his staunch criticism of narendra modi, congress leader shatrughan sinha played a different tune on sunday and termed the prime minister's independence day address as extremely courageous and thought-provoking.
sinha, who crossed over to the congress after bjp refused him a ticket from bihar's patna sahib, profusely praised modi for the announcement creating the post of chief of defence staff (cds).
since i am famous or infamous for calling a spade a spade, i must admit here, hon'ble pm @narendermodi @pmoindia that your speech from the #redfort on 15th aug'19 was extremely courageous, well researched and thought-provoking.
superb delivery of the key problems facing the country, sinha's tweet read.
the actor-turned-politician tweeted that modi certainly deserved to be applauded and appreciated as he hit the nail right on the head, by speaking out on vital issues with a plan for a forward-looking india#water crisis looming large - soon in a couple of years, many prominent cities would go dry.
next, the #populationexplosion is gigantic - it needs to be handled very carefully soon, sooner the better, enhancing #domestictourism, several other key issues.
many before have spoken but didn't go further with any solid actions or proper road map.
bravo!
kudos!
you, certainly deserve to be applauded and appreciated as you have hit the nail right on the head, by speaking out on vital issues with a plan for a forward-looking india, sinha wrote on twitter, a platform extensively used by him to attack the bjp and modi.
you definitely touched an emotional chord with the big move, of #cds to be appointed (one leader on top of army, navy and air force).
this powerful command can make a difference.
you being a friend and guide of the nation, have chosen the right day, time and platform but we are waiting for the escalated, wider, detailed planning and appropriate road map.
i humbly suggest - act now, before it is too late, as the nation stands firmly with you, he further said.
sinha also expressed a wish to speak to the prime minister over linking of rivers which he said was a dream of former prime minister atal bihari vajpayee.
i could also talk to you if you have the time and inclination on connecting the rivers, a dream of our beloved former pm #atalbiharivajpayee, like the 'sagar mala' project.
this would be tremendously beneficial in controlling the floods and drought situation of the country, read his tweet.
in the last tweet, sinha made another polite request and said if this project could be announced next year on independence day, it would be like 'sone pe suhaga'.
i would also be happy to contribute to this constructive and positive approach.
jai hind, he concluded.
time and again sinha had dubbed himself as a rebel during his last days in the bjp.
differences were brewing since long given his sharp comments but he made the final decision to switch sides and join the congress when bjp dropped him from the list of candidates for lok sabha elections.
instead of sitting lawmaker sinha, bjp fielded ravishankarprasad prasad from patna sahib in bihar.
the actor contested against prasad on a congress ticker but lost by a considerable margin.
contrary to his party's stand, sinha had also welcomed the passage of triple talaq bill by both houses of the parliament and had termed it a milestone.
bengaluru: on the occasion of world consumer rights day, nasscom chief r chandrashekhar said that the security of online personal data is vulnerable, implying that it can be breached.
this makes strict enforcement of consumer protection laws imperative to minimise the impact.
more than three million credit card data were misused recently.
let us face it, these kind of security breaches will take place.
there is nothing called fully perfect security in it, chandrashekar said during an event on world consumer rights day.
while 100 per cent full-proof cyber security is impossible, the impact and scale can be minimised.
india does not have privacy laws to protect its online consumers.
chandrashekar believes such laws are required considering the pace at which e-commerce is growing in india.
companies get access to data stored in their clusters which includes a lot of personal data, that is used to influence customer behaviour in turn.
it is not that a separate law is required to regulate e-commerce market, but the question is how to enforce consumer laws in digital world.
it minister ravishankarprasad prasad said that there is a dilemma on how to strike a balance between maintaining the privacy of data and using it for providing better services.
according to him, the governments digital programme push will empower people to improve their lives.
by iansnew delhi: union law and it minister ravishankarprasad prasad on tuesday described the supreme court order asking kolkata police commissioner rajeev kumar to appear before the cbi, as a moral victory for the probe agency and said that his questioning was not influenced by political considerations.
it is a moral victory for the cbi.
the supreme court's order is clear, the kolkata police commissioner, who was not appearing before cbi despite notices will have to appear before them now, he told the media outside parliament.
also read | west bengal cm mamata welcomes sc verdict, terms it 'moral victory'the supreme court order has clearly stated that he will now have to appear before cbi in shillong.
the apex court has given a notice to contempt of court, he said.
firing salvos at kumar, the bharatiya janata party (bjp) leader said: the big question is why was he not helping in the probe for the last three years?
why were they not appearing before the cbi?
his remarks shortly after the supreme court directed rajeev kumar to appear before the central bureau of investigation in connection with the saradha cheat fund case.
prasad also said that we have to ask larger questions on behalf of the party.
lakhs of small investors were cheated and looted off their money.
is it not our moral obligation for an investigation?
why is mamataji silent on this?
why are the other political parties silent on this?
he questioned.
this investigation must be done in a fair manner.
let's not politicise it.
this is a great moral victory for cbi, he added.
kochi: union minister ravishankarprasad prasad today advised kerala chief minister pinarayi vijayan to find better causes for a federal unity, rather than organising a meeting of chief ministers to discuss the centre's ban on sale of cattle at animal markets for slaughter.
the senior bjp leader rejected allegations that the nda government brought the notification to impose restrictions on the eating habits of the people.
it is entirely his (vijayan's) call.
i can only gently remind him that he can find better causes for a federal unity, he said in response to a query about the kerala chief minister's move.
vijayan has written to his counterparts in other states, appealing them to stand together in opposing the anti- federal move of the centre.
raking up the issue of political violence in kerala, prasad said, when he (vijayan) calls for a federal unity, he and his party must also allow our workers to work freely in the state.
it is good if he is talking about freedom.
but, the bjp-rss cadres are being attacked in kerala.
how does it gel with the state's great open culture?
, he wondered, adding that the southern state was always open to new ideas.
reminding vijayan that kerala was the first state in the country to elect a communist government led by ems namboodiripad, prasad said if that reflected the openness of kerala and its people, then they should also be given the liberty to experiment with the bjp.
whether the party gets acceptance or not is a call of the people, he added.
the union law minister said protection of cow was a fundamental obligation of the people of the country and the centre's notification only said that the cattle markets would not be a place for purchasing the animals for slaughter.
it does not say that you can not purchase cattle from a farm.
the recognised cattle markets shall not be used for the purpose (slaughtering).
there is no restriction as far as eating habits are concerned.
i do not buy the logic that slaughtering can be done only by purchasing the cattle from the markets, he said.
prasad added that conventionally, cattle markets were used for the exchange of bull or oxen for cultivation.
that has been the norm, he said.
by ptinew delhi: the bjp tuesday condemned opposition parties for questioning the credibility of electronic voting machines and asked them to accept their defeat with grace if the people vote prime minister narendra modi to power again.
party leader and law minister ravishankarprasad prasad took a swipe at the opposition, saying evms were fine when its leaders like mamata banerjee, n chandrababu naidu and amarinder singh win elections and come to power, but the machines turn unreliable when it appears modi will come back to power.
evm is good when mamata banerjee became west bengal chief minister twice and amarinder singh became punjab chief minister.
if they win, evm is good.
but when there is expectation that we will win because people of this country want narendra modi to be prime minister again, then evm is unreliable.
the bjp condemns their (opposition) conduct and will tell humbly to accept their defeat with grace, he said.
describing the opposition as demoralised and defeated, prasad said, by the end of the fourth phase they had realised that they are not going to win the election and people are overwhelmingly supporting prime minister narendra modi.
therefore they started finding excuses.
follow our full election coverage hereinformation and broadcasting minister rajyavardhan singh rathore also said the opposition parties are aware that they will lose the elections, so they are resorting to such excuses.
bjp spokesperson g v l narasimha rao said opposition parties are desperately seeking an alibi for their impending massive defeat and their sudden mistrust is unsurprising and unimaginary.
when they win, as they did in state polls recently, evms are trustworthy.
but when they lose, they become questionable.
their selective trust in the evms is hypocritical and mischievous.
their blatant effort at rubbishing the predicted pro-bjp mandate is an insult to the indian democracy.
the opposition parties look very small not in their defeat, but in their condemnable conduct, he said.
leaders of as many as 22 opposition parties met the election commission (ec) on tuesday and demanded verification of vvpat slips of randomly-selected polling stations before the counting of the votes polled in the just-concluded lok sabha election begins on may 23.
they also demanded that if any discrepancy is found during vvpat verification, 100 per cent counting of the paper slips of vvpats of all polling stations of that particular assembly segment should be done and compared with the electronic voting machine (evm) results.
new delhi: online applications for affordable homes under the pradhan mantri awas yojana (urban) will begin from tomorrow, with an aim to bring more people under the ambit of the modi-government's flagship scheme.
a memorandum of understanding (mou) was signed between housing and urban poverty alleviation (hupa) ministry and common services centre e-governance services india ltd (csc) of the ministry of electronics and information technology in presence of union ministers m venkaiah naidu and ravishankarprasad prasad.
the new system will enable the concerned authorities to attend faster to the beneficiaries' request without any deviation or dilution or leakage.
the service will be made available from thursday through about 60,000 cscs located in urban areas at rs 25 per application.
this collaboration will help in bringing more urban poor under the ambit of pmay (urban) by addressing the difficulties associated in physical submission of applications to urban local bodies, for want of adequate help and guidance, naidu said.
he said the move will help plug the loopholes if any and if somebody trying to ignore the legitimate claim of the people, then it can be taken care of by the system.
prasad said that cscs are the front end soldiers of digital india mission and are engaged in empowering different sections of the society through skilling and online delivery of services.
a similar mou has also been signed with urban development ministry for helping beneficiaries apply online for construction of toilets under swachh bharat mission in urban areas.
nearly 11 lakh houses have already been sanctioned for urban poor during the last one year and the move is expected to help accelerate the process further.
during 2005-14, nearly 13.
70 lakh urban poor were sanctioned affordable houses under the scheme.
a day after he abused his power as member of the parliament and physically assaulted a 60-year-old official of air india, shiv senas ravindra gaikwad remained defiant, challenging the police to arrest him.
i dare the delhi police to arrest me.
i will not apologise, the mp said on friday, suggesting his party would support him in the fight.
in swift retaliation to the episode, major airline operators banned the politician and refused to give him a ticket to travel.
air india cancelled his return ticket to pune on friday morning.
while gaikwads travel agent initially managed to book a ticket on an indigo flight, the airlines cancelled it when it came to know the passenger details.
eventually, the mp was forced to take a train to mumbai from delhi.
we believe exemplary action should be taken in such incidents to protect employee morale and public safety, the federation of indian airlines said after imposing a ban on the mp.
most of the famous carriers, indigo, jet airways, spicejet and go air to name a few, are members of the fia.
the delhi police, meanwhile, registered firs against gaikwad.
a case has been registered under section 308 (attempt to commit culpable homicide) and 355 (assault or criminal force with intent to dishonour person) of the ipc.
we are transferring the case to crime branch for thorough probe, delhi police spokesperson dependra pathak said.
lok sabha speaker sumitra mahajan on friday said that suo motu action cannot be initiated against gaikwad but stressed that no mp is allowed to misbehave with anyone.
no one is allowed to misbehave with anyone, even if he is an mp, a common man or any official, she said.
earlier in the day, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad condemned gaikwads behaviour, saying people expect dignified conduct from members of parliament.
as members of august bodies like parliament, the country expects dignified behaviour from all of us, he tweeted, adding he was deeply distressed over the incident.
members of the shiv sena had contradictory views.
while rajya sabha mp anil desai said the party has sought an explanation, its spokesperson sanjay raut put the blame on air india.
ai needs to introspect what would happen if the public decides to blacklist them.
justifying the incident as normal behaviour, bachchu kadu, an independent mla from maharashtra, bragged that he had slapped at least twenty officers.
some officers behave badly with elected representatives, what do you expect us to do?
rajesh kumar thakur byexpress news servicepatna: union minister and bjp candidate from patna sahib lok sabha constituency in bihar, ravishankarprasad prasad, on sunday attacked congress president rahul gandhi over his decision to contest from wayanad in kerala apart from amethi in uttar pradesh.
scared of defeat in amethi by bjps smriti irani, rahul gandhi, in a very well-calculated move, has sought a safer seat.
the wayanad lok sabha constituency is dominated by minority voters, with just around 8 per cent hindu voters, prasad said.
follow our elections coverage heredeclaring rahul gandhi a opportunistic hindu, prasad said he had started wearing the sacred thread and sharing his gotra with frequent visits to temples.
he was uncomfortable, uneasy and unsafe in amethi because of diabolical political stands on national issues, including the airstrike on terror camps, he said.
questioning rahul gandhis decision to contest from wayanad, he said: if he likes south india so much, why does he not contest from any other constituency in kerala?
it is because of his fear of defeat.
calling rahul gandhi janus-faced in politics, prasad said that on the one hand he tried to project himself as a hindu and a follower of hinduism, and on the other he sought a shortcut to the lok sabha from a minority-dominated constituency.
lashing out at the statement of some congress leaders that the decision to contest from wayanad was aimed at saving the cultures of south india, prasad said: such a statement backing rahul gandhis decision on wayanad is nothing but a cruel joke on the essence of south indias cultures.
can you tell me, rahul gandhi, what your party has done in the past to a galaxy of prominent leaders from the south, namely pv narasimha rao, nt rama rao, mj ramchandran and others?
he asked.
new delhi: law minister ravishankarprasad prasad on thursday said it was a collective decision to send senior advocate harish salve and not attorney-general mukul rohtagi to argue indias case on the kulbhushan jadhav case in international court of justice at the hague.
finance minister arun jaitely, minister for external affairs sushma swaraj and the law ministry had a say in the decision to send harish salve and he did an excellent job, prasad said.
he added that rohatgis request to be relieved from his post has been received and action on it would be taken accordingly.
he chose to be mum on who would be the next top legal officer of the country.
on the national judicial appointments commission (njac) case, prasad said, there is no move to revive the njac legislation.
it would need bipartisan support if it is revived.
speaking on corruption cases involving the judiciary, prasad said, the government will not be an adjudicator in cases of alleged corruption in the judiciary.
the judiciary should itself put in place a robust mechanism to deal with complaints against judges.
he refused to talk about the differences between the judiciary and the government over the memorandum of procedure (mop) on appointement of judges and remarked that the mop is a work in progress.
asked about justice c s karnan who has been in hiding since may 9 when he was sentenced to six months in jail by the sc in a contempt case, prasad said the karnan episode highlighted the need for proper judicial scrutiny before appointing a person as a judge of a constitutional court.
bengaluru: in an attempt to pacify the controversy surrounded over his remarks that muslims dont vote for us, but we gave them proper sanctity, union it minister ravishankarprasad prasad said on saturday that the union government is committed for development of all people of the country.
he spoke to reporters on the sidelines of a book release held in the city on saturday.
we do not believe in vote bank politics but we believe in all round development without being affecting by vote bank considerations.
in fact, being the it minister, i myself am saying that so many muslims are doing wonderful work.
persons like imran khan from alwar in rajasthan are a real toast of india.
we should appreciate them.
we are committed to make india a country of inclusve development, he said.
before this, prasad, who is also the minister of law and justice, released the book the journey continues written by sri m, president, the satsang foundation, at bharatiya vidya bhavan in the city.
speaking on the occasion, prasad said that boundaries of faith begin where boundaries of science end.
this book is a proud spiritual heritage of india, he said.
rajya sabha deputy chairman p j kurien and former chief justice of india m n venkatachala also spoke.
rajesh kumar thakur byexpress news servicepatna: its kayastha vs kayastha and yadav vs yadav as bihars most high-profile parliamentary constituencies  patna sahib and pataliputra  go to polls in the last phase.
bjp candidate and union minister of law and it ravishankarprasad prasad, a debutant in the poll arena, is locked in a keen contest with actor and sitting bjp mp-turned-congress candidate shatrughan sinha in patna sahib.
with close family bond and long association with the bjp, both candidates, while attacking each other on political issues, have refrained from getting personal.
both belong to well-known kayashtha families and avoid commenting on each other.
they attack party-wise, but are respectful to each other, says rakesh kumar, a voter.
the pataliputra constituency is witnessing another fierce contest between one-time chacha (uncle) and bhatiji (niece).
here, bjps sitting mp and union minister of state for rural development ram kripal yadav is taking on misa bharti, the eldest daughter of rjd chief lalu prasad.
once considered a close family aide of lalu, ram kripal had resigned and joined the bjp in 2014 and won the seat.
in 2014 elections, misa had threatened to chop-off one of my hands but as an uncle, i bless her still.
politically, she cannot match me in performance, ram kripal says.
mahesh kumar of digha, an ardent supporter of the mp, says, the pataliputra seat has never been lucky for lalu and his family members in polls.
lalu himself lost the election to his aide-turned-foe ranjan kumar yadav of jd-u in 2009.
prakash yadav, a voter, says, though a yadav dominated seat, pataliputra never accepted lalu as the sole yadav leader and elected another of the same caste.
voting here has always been on performance, not on personal stakes.
follow our election coverage heredemographically, pataliputra is largely a rural constituency, while patna sahib is urban.
the contest on both seats hinges on caste, with the arithmetic favouring the bjp.
on the ground, caste arithmetic is explored and consolidated by all candidates while basic and larger issues of governance hardly matter, ravindra yadav of danapur says.
caste-wise, there are around 5 lakh yadav voters, followed by 4.
5 lakh bhumihars, 1.
5 lakh brahmins, 3 lakh rajputs, 3 lakh kurmis and others in pataliputra, which favour the nda across its six assembly segments, claims anjani kumar singh of naubatpur.
patna sahib, the birthplace of guru gobind singh, is dominated by 4.
5 lakh kayastha voters, followed by yadavs and other castes.
this was the first constituency in bihar where the voter-verification paper audit trail was used across six assembly segments.
shatrughan sinha aka bihari babu was elected as a bjp candidate from this seat in 2009 and in 2014, defeating bhojpuri super star-turned politician kunal singh of the congress last time.
after consistently speaking out against the current bjp leadership, he finally quit the bjp and joined the congress in april.
ravi shankar prasad, the bjp candidate, believes nationalism coupled with development is the choice of people in patna sahib, but his rival counters him, saying, false promises and one-man show in a two-man party will be rejected by the voters.
the caste arithmetic of nda banks on kayastha, kurmi, sc, voters and traders, besides the traditional upper caste votes, while the congress is banking on the yadavs, minority, sc and ebc voters.
since patna sahib is an urban constituency, split among nda voters on caste lines is believed to be minimal.
around 91,024 votes polled by jd(u) candidate gopal prasad sinha in 2014 could naturally shift to the bjp.
shatrughan, as the bjp candidate last time, had drawn 4,85,905 votes.
this time, those votes will shift to prasad, said a bjp leader.
star campaigners of both the mahagathbandhan and the nda are leaving no stone unturned to ensure a victory, holding street corner meetings and roadshows, says sanjiv kumar, a retired police officer at digha.
by ptinew delhi: the bjp tuesday dubbed allegations of rigging in the 2014 polls, made at a london press conference, a congress-sponsored conspiracy designed to defame indian democracy and its election commission.
a day after a self-proclaimed cyber expert alleged at the press event that the bjp had won election by hacking into electronic voting machines (evms), the ruling party launched a stinging attack on the congress and said it has already started looking for an alibi for its certain loss in the coming lok sabha polls.
union minister ravishankarprasad prasad told reporters that the indian journalists' association, which had organised the conference, is headed by ashis ray who, he claimed, is a committed congressman and has been singing paeans in support of congress president rahul gandhi.
he contributes to national herald, a congress mouthpiece, campaigns for the congress on social media and has often attacked prime minister narendra modi, prasad claimed, adding that he had also organised gandhi's public event in london.
there has been no reaction from ray to the bjp's comments so far.
targeting the congress, prasad questioned the presence of its leader kapil sibal at the event.
what was sibal doing there?
in what capacity was he present?
my charge is that he was there to monitor the event for the congress.
it was a congress-sponsored conspiracy designed to defame indian democracy and its election commission, prasad said, also calling it a congress-scripted exercise.
the bjp leader also dismissed sibal's claim that he was present in his personal capacity, saying he was intelligent enough to know implications of his being there.
he claimed that sibal went there by deliberate design.
he said the invite for the event had claimed that the hacking of evms will be shown but the gentleman appeared in the us wearing a mask.
ridiculing the london event as a circus and political stunt, the bjp leader said he had never heard of syed shuja, who claimed to be a cyber expert and made the outlandish and explosive allegations at the press conference, even though he, as union it minister, keeps in touch with experts and developments in the field.
i could not understand this drama.
he (suja) offered no proof and nor did he present himself to questioning by the media.
no evidence, no corroboration and no question and such big allegations were levelled, he said.
prasad alleged it was a congress-sponsored conspiracy and asked if opposition parties wanted to revert to the use of ballot papers in elections, alleging that west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee-led trinamool congress had used them to rig local polls in the state last year as the government did not use evms.the congress is the biggest culprit when it comes to weakening institutions while it levels this allegation at our leader, he said, apparently referring to the opposition party's accusation against prime minister narendra modi of attacking institutions.
he also expressed his party's deep pain at the allegation in the london event that union minister gopinath munde was murdered in because he was aware of the 2014 poll rigging and was set to disclose it.
he dismissed it as rubbish.
munde had died in a road accident in new delhi weeks after the bjp won the 2014 elections.
name of a deceased person was used as he could no longer respond, prasad said, adding that an aiims doctor, who was involved in munde's postmortem, had monday stated that the reason of his death was neck injury suffered in the accident.
gandhi should answer as to how many more alibies he was going to invent for party's loss in the lok sabha polls, prasad asked.
the london event was also meant to defame the popular mandate in 2014, he said, noting that it was not the bjp but the congress which was then in power.
the bjp had swept to power in 2014.
the union minister said the evms have been in use since 1996 and non-bjp parties have won so many elections since them.
when the bjp wins, then the evms become suspect.
what kind of logic is this, he asked, adding that there cannot be a more shameful argument which is designed to compromise indian electoral process.
no political party or expert had taken up the open challenge thrown by the ec in 2017 for hacking the evms, he said, adding it's shameful that a political party that had ruled the country for close to six decades is sponsoring such shameful attacks on the commission.
the supreme court had also dismissed in november last a petition seeking re-introduction of ballot papers in elections.
vhp general secretary champat rai and vhp leader dinesh chandra tyagi coming out after a meeting with bjp senior leader murli manohar joshi residence in new delhi on thursday.
(photo | shekar yadav)new delhi: the bjp on thursday backed the senior party leaders who now face trial for conspiracy in the babri mosque demolition case.
union minister and senior bjp leader ravishankarprasad prasad asserted that the party leaders, including l k advani, m m joshi and others, are innocent.
stating that senior bjp leaders have been facing trials in the case, prasad told reported that the bjp believes in the innocence of senior leaders.
incidentally, the prime minister narendra modi had presided over a marathon meeting with senior ministers and bjp leaders, including the party chief amit shah, on wednesday.
the party will back the senior bjp leaders facing the trial.
the bjp under the leadership of advani had led the campaign for the construction of ram temple in ayodhya.
the bjp remains committed to the pledge to construct a ram temple at ayodhya, said a senior bjp leader.
advani and joshi had discussed the issue at length on wednesday night.
the vishwa hindu praishad (vhp) leaders champak rai and sadhvi ritambhara met joshi at his residence on thursday.
the bjp chief amit shah has also conveyed the senior party leaders facing the trials that the party would stand with them.
however, the bjp leaders refused to be drawn in the speculation over the likely impact of the apex court order on the prospects of hopefuls for the presidential nominations.
prasad told reporters that such speculation is imaginary.
meanwhile, amit shah will meet all the 13 chief ministers of states ruled by the party on sunday.
he is likely to discuss the issue of the supreme court order on trials of senior party leaders for conspiracy charges in babri mosque demolition case, besides organisational matters, sources said.
however, advani and joshi have chosen to maintain silence on the issue.
a close aide of advani said that the bjp patriarch has no comment to make for the media.
by express news servicenew delhi: the controversy over the rafale deal saw bjp and congress mps on monday moving privilege motions against congress president rahul gandhi and prime minister narendra modi on charges of misleading the nation on the defence deal, and providing wrong information to the supreme court, respectively.
congress member sunil jakhar moved a privilege notice against pm modi over the rafale deal in the lok sabha, while leader of the opposition in the rajya sabha, ghluam nabi azad, moved a similar notice against law minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
rjd mp manoj kumar jha moved a privilege motion against attorney general k k venugopal.
bjp lok sabha member anurag thakur moved a similar notice against congress chief rahul gandhi, saying he had been lying to the country over the defence deal.
lok sabha speaker sumitra mahajan said that the motion was under her consideration, while the rajya sabha was adjourned following protests by aiadmk and dmk mps over the cauvery issue.
now it has become clear that to defend its controversial stand on the pricing details and guidelines, the government was presenting wrong facts in front of the apex court.
the basis of the sc order on the rafale deal was a report by the comptroller and auditor general which is non-existent and not shared with parliaments public accounts committee, jakhar said.
i have given a breach of privilege notice against the government, and in particular against law minister ravishankarprasad prasad, as it was the law ministry that gave the go-ahead for presenting the affidavit before the supreme court, azad said, adding, this is the first time that a government has provided wrong information to the supreme court.
azad reiterated the partys demand for a jpc probe in the deal.
former finance minister p chidambaram said many issues had not been examined by the apex court and only a jpc could do that.
the cpi (m) posed 10 questions to the centre and said they could be answered only if a jpc was formed.
jpc is a must and our mps will continue demanding it, said general secretary sitaram yechury.
puri: several national-level bjp leaders visited jagannath temple here on sunday to offer prayers to the trinity and seek their blessings.
they include union ministers ravishankar prasad and vijay sampla, maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis, deputy cms of gujarat and up nitinbhai patel and keshav prasad maurya, respectively and former cm of madhya pradesh babulal gaur.
union minister ravishankarprasad prasad, maharashtra cm devendra fadnavis and gujurat deputy cm nitibhai patel in puri on sunday | expresstight security arrangements were made by the district and police administrations besides temple authorities to guide them into the temple for a hassle-free darshan of the deities.
district magistrate arabinda agarwal and sp sarthak sarangi ensured smooth progress of the visits of the leaders who had been pouring in from saturday after their arrival in bhubaneswar for the two-day national executive meeting of the party.
on saturday, union minister uma bharati and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje visited the temple.
sources said several other bjp leaders were expected to visit the temple late on sunday.
new delhi: countering charges of vendetta politics raised by congress leader and former finance minister p chidambaram, union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad asserted the investigating agencies were carrying out a professional probe against karti chidambaram.
earlier this month, the enforcement directorate and central bureau of investigation filed cases against karti for allegedly influencing officials of the foreign investment promotion board to grant investment approval to inx media, formerly owned by indrani and peter mukerjea.
on monday, chidambaram defended his son karti, saying the charges were baseless, and accused the nda government of indulging in vendetta politics.
rejecting chidambarams claims that the centre was targeting his son through a corruption case, prasad said: the fir has a detailed account of discrepancies.
our government does not believe in revenge politics nor does it target any particular person.
we work with honesty, and have been working honestly for three years.
the minister asserted that his remarks were also meant for rashtriya janata dal (rjd) chief lalu prasad yadav, whose kin are being probed in connection with a case relating to benami property.
i will say only one thing: have lalu and his family ever denied allegations of `1,000 crore-worth benami properties?
prasad asked.
by iansnew delhi: public sector bharat sanchar nigam ltd (bsnl) is in the process identifying land parcels all over the country for monetisation, which as per its internal estimate is valued at rs 20,000 crore in 2018-19.
the state-run telecom major's corporate office has circulated a list of land parcels which are proposed for monetisation through the department of investment and public asset management (dipam) in the first instance.
time-bound monetisation of land assets, mobile towers and fibre networks will help bsnl earn some money in these tough times of falling revenues and rising losses.
the total area of land parcels, which are spread across the country and have in-built structures, buildings and factories, is 32.
77 lakh square metres (sqm) and the spareable land parcel is 31.
97 lakh sqm, said an earlier bsnl corporate office letter to its circles seeking their comments.
the fair value of the spareable parcel as on april 1, 2015, is rs 17,397 crore and the estimated present fair value of these lands is rs 20,296 crore.
the enhancement in valuation is based on the cost inflation index for fy 2014-15 as 240 and fy 2018-19 as 280.
the valuation of these land parcels is proposed to be done along with the structures lying in the parcel after the in-principle approval for sale or long term lease by the government.
the cost of buildings has not been included in the fair value of land parcels, it added.
bsnl telecom factories at mumbai, kolkata, west bengal, ghaziabad, jabalpur and wireless stations, as well as other offices and staff colonies, have been included in the list of land parcels to be monetised.
some of these parcels are mutated, while some are not, and the status of some of these parcels are freehold and some are on leasehold.
struggling with poor cash flows from services and a severe financial crunch due to a huge workforce of 1.
76 lakh, bsnl is looking for non-core asset monetisation under the broad policy of the government where dipam is the nodal department.
bsnl is expected to post losses of over rs 14,000 crore for the financial year 2018-19, while its revenue is slated to be around rs 19,308 crore as per a written reply to the lok sabha by telecom and it minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
salary expenditure is set to be a massive 75 per cent of the firm's total expenses at rs 14,488 crore.
its provisional loss in 2015-16 was rs 4,859 crore, rs 4,793 crore 2016-17, and rs 7,993 crore in 2017-18.
bsnl's loss is estimated to balloon to rs 14,202 crore in 2018-19.
low tariffs due to fierce competition in the mobile segment, high staff cost and absence of 4g services (except in few places) in the data-centric telecom market are the main reasons for losses of bsnl, prasad said.
in line with sector trends, bsnl has also seen a dip in its revenue after the entry of reliance jio in the market in 2016.
the company's revenue is pegged at around rs 19,308 crore for 2018-19, compared with rs 25,071 crore in 2017-18 and rs 31,533 crore in 2016-17.
the government is planning a revival scheme for bsnl and mtnl.
new delhi: taking a swipe at rahul gandhi, bjp today said his speeches cause tremors within congress and not outside and alleged that he wanted to run parliament as per his whims, in the same arrogant way he runs his party.
parliament will run as per the constitution not on his arrogance, bjp national secretary shrikant sharma said accusing the congress of holding parliament to ransom.
the ruling party hit back at the congress vice president after he alleged that he was not allowed by the government to speak on demonetisation in parliament.
rahul said he will reveal in the house the reason behind demonetisation, which he dubbed as the biggest scam', and added that speech will bring an earthquake.
those who are shaking after the assault on blackmoney.
.
.
those who have been at the epicentre of scams for 60 years talk of earthquake today, bjp spokesperson sambit patra tweeted.
our party is not afraid of him or his speeches, we are ready to listen to him but he should not run away when we respond.
.
.
actually these days mr rahul gandhi is annoyed his party is losing everywhere especially after he started handling affairs of the party, union minister and bjp leader ravishankarprasad prasad said.
prasad added that the public are supporting the government's step against black money.
in a dig at rahul, bjp leader smriti irani said, rahulji thinks too highly about his oratory skills and he himself knows how much his speeches appeal to the people.
.
.
as far as tremors are concerned.
i think when he speaks there are tremors within congress not outside.
the union textile minister added that parliament is a platform for discussion and deliberation, so rahul is welcome to speak but the opposition should allow the house to run.
proceedings of both houses of parliament have been stalled from over two weeks now due to continuous uproar over the issue of demonetisation.
latching onto president pranab mukherjee's denouncement of disruptions of parliament's proceedings, sharma said from 'gram pramukh' (village head) to the president, everybody is angry with congress.
over rs 9 crore is reportedly spent daily on running parliament and rahul gandhi should count how much public money congress has wasted by paralysing it since the beginning of the session on november 16.
the government has been keen on a debate from the day one, he said.
he is making all kind of petty remarks for headlines.
he is practising trp politics and competing with arvind kejriwal, sharma alleged.
union minister venkaiah naidu also hit out at rahul for calling demonetisation a foolish step.
.
.
.
taking action against black money and corruption, is it foolish or keeping quiet or being silent or collaborators of those scams and scandals was foolish, he said.
the congress party have given a rebate to debate.
you are committing contempt against people of the country and contempt against democracy, he said.
by ptinew delhi: india is now the second largest mobile phone producer in the world after china, as per information shared by indian cellular association with telecom minister manoj sinha and it minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
we are happy to inform you that with the strenuous and calibrated efforts of government of india, ica and fttf, india has now emerged as the second largest producer of mobile handset by volume, ica national president pankaj mohindroo said in a letter to both the union ministers on march 28.
ica referred to data available from market research firm ihs, china's national bureau of statistics and vietnam general statistics office.
according to the data shared by ica, annual production of mobile phones in india increased from 3 million units in 2014 to 11 million units in 2017.
india replaced vietnam to become second largest producer of mobile phones in 2017.
with the rise in mobile phone production, imports of the devices in the country also reduced to less than half in 2017-18.
we are also happy to inform you that our completely build units as percentage of domestic market has now come down from 78 per cent (2014-15) to 18 per cent (2017-18), mohindroo said.
the fast track task force, a body under ministry of electronics and it, has set target to achieve around 500 million mobile phone production in india by 2019, with value estimated to be around usd 46 billion.
the fttf, which has members from industry and government, has set target to create usd 8 billion component manufacturing as result of growth in mobile phone production and create 1.
5 million direct and indirect jobs by 2019.
the body has set the target to export 120 million mobile phone units with an estimated value of usd 1.
5 million by the end of next year.
as long as we bring the right focus on exports, we will be able to achieve these numbers, mohindroo said.
chandigarh: in what may spark off another controversy, bhartiya janata party (bjp) leader and haryanas health minister anil vij on wednesday branded people supporting kargil braveheart captain m. singh's daughter gurmehar kaur as pro-pakistan'.
those supporting gurmehar kaur are pro-pakistan and therefore, such people should be thrown out of the country, vij told ani.
contrary to vijs remark, union minister ravishankarprasad prasad yesterday came out in defence of kaur, saying people who are politicising the issue are misusing freedom of speech.
gurmehar kaur is a martyr's daughter and we should respect this fact.
those who are politicising the matter, i want to ask a question from them as what they have to say about her father who was killed by terrorists?
prasad said.
minister of state for home affairs kiren rijiju alleged that leftists were misleading the youth, and added, that kaur is the daughter of a kargil martyr whose soul must be weeping on seeing his daughter being misguided by those who celebrate over the bodies of martyrs.
she (gurmehar kaur ) is a young girl, creating controversy over her isn't right.
it is about leftists who celebrate when our jawans die.
they mislead the youth and it is not right, rijiju told media.
congress leader mallikarjun kharge defended kaur, saying she is being portrayed as if she was under someone's influence.
earlier, kaur's grandfather, kanwaljeet singh lashed out at politicians saying they should refrain from giving out any statement.
drama is being created which shouldn't be highlighted.
politicians must refrain from giving statements, kanwaljeet told ani.
kaur, who is a delhi university student, invited a wrath by posting a message against the akhil bharatiya vidyarthi parishad (abvp) on social media.
kaur also visited the delhi commission for women alleging that she received rape threats on social media for posting the message.
the delhi police also filed an fir against the rape threat to kaur.
the entire controversy gained momentum after last week's clash that erupted between left-affiliated all india students association (aisa) and the bharatiya janata party (bjp) backed abvp over cancellation of jawaharlal nehru university (jnu) student umar khalid's talk at delhi university's ramjas college.
by express news servicenew delhi: the lok sabha on monday passed a bill which seeks to prevent commercial surrogacy in the country.
the surrogacy (regulation) bill, 2019 also provides for constitution of surrogacy boards at both national and state levels, as well as that the intending couples should not abandon such a child under any condition.
the bill also provides that only infertile indian couples (between the age of 23-50 years and 26-55 years for female and male), respectively, who have been legally married for at least five years would be allowed to choose surrogacy, but only through altruistic surrogacy.
the lower house on monday also passed a bill which provides a mechanism for social, economic and educational empowerment of transgenders.
the transgender persons (protection of rights) bill 2019 was passed by a voice vote amid noisy protests by some opposition parties over congress leader adhir ranjan chowdhury not being allowed to speak on his adjournment notice.
replying on the bill, minister of state for social justice ratanlal kataria said it makes provision for establishing a nationalauthority for safeguarding the rights the transgender community.
.
a bill to address the rising pendency of cases and to increase the number of judges in the top court from 30 to 33 was alsointroduced and passed on monday.
according to the supreme court (number of judges) amendment bill introduced by ravishankarprasad prasad, the apex court will have a sanctioned strength of 33 judges, plus the chief justice of india, once it getsparliamentary approval.
by online deskan 11-year-old boy from maharashtra just acted on something that many frustrated parents may have been thinking about for a long time now.
while their kids were busy shooting strangers in cyberspace, ahad, in a four-page letter to the government, appealed for a ban on the online game playerunknown's battlegrounds -- famously known as pubg -- as it promotes violence and cyberbullying.
watch | pm modi's pubg reference at pariksha par charcha sents audience into fits of laughterin the letter, he said that this is an appeal to forthwith ban online game playerunknown's battlegrounds [pubg] as it promotes immoral conduct such as violence, murder, aggression, looting, gaming addiction and cyberbullying.
ahad further wrote in the letter, i will be compelled to seek appropriate legal [civil and criminal] proceeding as per law; naturally at your cost and consequences if the game is not banned.
ahad's letter was addressed to seven people including ravishankarprasad prasad (ministry of electronics and it), vinod tawde (maharashtra education minister) and maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis among others.
also read | similar to drug addiction, pubg addicts now seeking medical helpsince he has not yet received any response, ahad has decided to file a public interest litigation (pil) in the bombay high court.
pubg, developed by pubg corporation, bluehole, has been all the rage for a while now, with millions of addicted players meeting, shooting, abusing and even marrying each other through the online multiplayer battle game!
the game has been available in india since 2007 and is hosted by platforms like microsoft windows, xbox one, android, and playstation 4.
by iansnew delhi: the muslim women (protection of rights on marriage) bill, 2018, commonly known as triple talaq bill, will be discussed in the lok sabha on december 27.
the bill -- which is aimed to protect the rights of married muslim women and prohibit divorce by pronouncing talaq by their husbands -- that was part of thursday's legislative business was postponed by lok sabha speaker sumitra mahajan following request of congress mp mallikarjun kharge.
soon after mahajan asked revolutionary socialist party (rsp) mp n.k. premchandran to speak over the bill, which was listed for the legislative business for consideration and passage, kharge stood and requested her to defer the discussion to december 27.
calling it a very important bill, kharge said: the opposition wants a healthy discussion over the bill.
i request you to defer the debate on the bill to december 27.
assuring that the opposition will peacefully debate over the bill on the date he requested for, kharge also sought enough time for discussion over the matter.
union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad, who was to move the bill on thursday, also sought kharge's assurance for a peaceful debate over the bill on december 27.
with voice vote, mahajan gave her nod to defer the discussion on the bill.
r sivakumar/n shyamsundar byexpress news servicevellore: coming down heavily on congress president rahul gandhi on the rafael deal, senior bjp leader and union minister for information and telecommunications and law ravishankarprasad prasad warned that he could not continue to spread 'falsehood' and would be 'exposed to the people'.
addressing the media here on thursday, he said, let me tell you as a senior minister of modi government, rahul gandhi!
you can't continue to speak falsehood.
you will be exposed to the people of india.
i want to repeat in vellore what i said in delhi, the country never expected the grandson of indira gandhi, son of rajiv gandhi, and great-grandson of jawaharlal speak lies, he flayed, accusing him of 'compromising' on the security of india.
saying that the lie of rahul stands exposed by the cag report, ravishankarprasad prasad attacked him of saying 'lies after lies' shamelessly.
enlisting the flagship developmental schemes and projects introduced by the modi government, he said the bjp and nda led by him will come back to power with a resounding majority of 300 plus (seats) and bjp alone will get 300.
the minister explained the schemes brought to tamil nadu by the union government.
from it, electronics, automobiles, industrial corridor, all india institute of medical sciences, smart city, airports, modiji looked very very effectively and positively tamil nadu, he noted.
ravi shankar prasad informed that his party is working for forging an inclusive alliance in tamil nadu.
we are working for a very inclusive alliance in tamil nadu.
a non-congress, non-dmk alliance.
this alliance will be effective.
new delhi: the congress on saturday accused the government of lying after the bjp alleged that controversial islamic scholar zakir naik had paid rs 50 lakh donation to the rajiv gandhi foundation.
cabinet minister and bjp leader ravishankarprasad prasad said the foundation - which has congress president sonia gandhi as chairperson - had taken the donation from naik's islamic research foundation (irf).
prasad called it a bribe.
when the congress said the money was later returned, prasad demanded to know why this wasn't done in 2012 itself when security agencies gave a negative report about naik's peace tv.
the congress said the bjp and the central government were spreading lies with mischievous and selective news plants.
congress spokesman randeep singh surjewala said the money was not given to the rajiv gandhi foundation (rgf) but to the rajiv gandhi charitable trust (rgct).
rgct received a donation in conformity with law and norms and the same was returned in view of the controversy surrounding the irf and naik, he said.
rgf is a distinct, separate, unallied and independent legal entity from rgct and has never had any donation/funds from irf and has no connection whatsoever with irf, he added.
surjewala accused the narendra modi government of running a diabolical agenda to slender, malign and defame through 'goebbelsian lies.
what is utterly shocking is that a cabinet minister, who has sworn by the constitution, is asking questions about documents and facts which are (with) the government and are being leaked by them mischievously.
he said in 2011 the rgct received one single unsolicited stray donation of rs 50 lakh from irf, which was directly deposited in the rgct account by naik's irf by cheque.
in early july this year, when the irf/naik controversy became public, rgct refunded this money to irf.
rgct also took a decision that after the refund, rgct will have no engagement of any type with irf, he said.
meanwhile, naik said the campaign against him was an attack on indian muslims and a murder of democracy.
amid growing calls that his irf should be banned, naik, in a 2,000-word open letter, urged the government to be fair in its investigation and be truthful with facts.
he said he was ready to be punished for any wrongdoing but this should be on the basis of concrete evidence and not hearsay.
he said he had spent 25 years promoting peace and spreading greater awareness of islam besides talking about similarities between religions, and the last two months had been a rude shock.
by ptinew delhi: drugs are not cool and its use is not a style statement, prime minister narendra modi said tuesday.
in a video message played out to mark the drug free india campaign, he also said narcotics trade is a big threat to the safety and security of india.
terming, drugs as a great menace to society, the prime minister said, as per who estimates, over three crore people around the world are suffering from drug addiction.
it is alarming, he said, to see so many youngsters indulging in substance abuse.
drugs are not cool.
it is a big misconception that drugs are a style statement, modi said according to a statement from his office.
the prime minister said in addition, to health problems and destruction of families due to substance abuse, narcotics trade is a great threat to the safety and security of the country.
on an average, 10 youth are dying everyday because of drugs in our country.
@narendramodi ji, with your participation we can put an end to this menace.
#drugfreeindia  sri sri ravishankarprasad (@srisri) february 13, 2019modi pointed out that narcotics trade is one of the biggest sources of income for terrorists and anti-national elements, and the money sourced by these elements through drug trade is used to destabilize the nation.
read | sanjay dutt wants to help youth get rid of drug addictionhe said those having self-confidence and self-belief will not easily fall prey to drugs use, and also asked the young generation to support and help those suffering from drug addiction.
the prime minister highlighted the various initiatives taken by the government to curb the menace of drug addiction.
students from colleges all across the country, listened to the prime minister's address through video conference, the statement said.
manish anand byexpress news servicenew delhi: with prime minister narendra modi getting a brand new mandate, how would his ministerial team look like?
the big name doing the rounds is that of bjp chief amit shah, with party insiders saying he could be the new finance minister.
modi is likely to effect a generational change in his council of ministers, with fresh faces getting space with minister of state portfolio, besides induction of professionals.
the sense within the bjp is that modi will have a free hand in picking his ministerial team unlike in 2014 when he had acceded to suggestions of the then bjp chief rajnath singh and leaders of the rss.
giantkiller smriti irani, who defeated congress president rahul gandhi in amethi, is expected to get a meatier berth.
a few senior leaders, including rajnath singh, sushma swaraj and nitin gadkari, are likely to retain their portfolios.
singh may also retain his number two position in the cabinet.
finance minister arun jaitely, on account of his health, may be dropped.
if shah gets the finance portfolio, it will give him a place on the high table of the cabinet committee on security (ccs), sources said, adding shah is keen to retain his position as bjp president.
though the bjp has a one-man, one-post policy, party leaders cite the example of vijay sampla, who is the bjps punjab unit chief as well as a minister in the outgoing modi ministry.
union minister ravishankarprasad prasads position is shaky, as sources say modi wants a new law minister.
a few members from amit shahs team, including party vice-president vinay sahashrabuddhe and general secretary bhupendra yadav, are likely to be accommodated in the union cabinet.
besides, consolidation of ministries with similar and overlapping functions could happen.
for example, ministries of surface transport, railways and civil aviation could be clubbed.
