terming media reports of large scale job losses in the information technology industry as highly exaggerated and unfounded, union it minister ravishankarprasad prasad said on tuesday employment prospects for the sector was encouraging as flagship schemes such as digital india gain momentum.
a rise in protectionism and visa restrictions in countries such as united states and australia have dimmed job prospects for indian software professionals.
but foreign companies are still banking on the competitive edge of the countrys computer programmers.
indias domestic it market offers strong prospects for industry growth even if global markets were to face challenges, prasad said in a statement.
indian it sector employment prospects, both in the near and long-term are expected to be broadly positive and encouraging for the future.
india it companies currently serve two thirds of the fortune 500 companies and have created 40-lakh direct jobs in india.
while reports peg the job losses in big it companies at about 60,000, prasad said it was highly exaggerated.
nasscom recently said most layoffs were linked to performance, impacting only 0.
5 - 3  of the total it workforce.
citing nasscom projections, the minister said the industry continues to be a net hirer.
nasscom has forecast 2.
5 - 3 million new jobs will be created by 2025.
it added 1,70,000 new jobs in 2016-17.
the it industry added 600,000 in last three years and today, boasts of a total employee base of 3.
9 million, prasad said.
highlighting the survey of staffing firm teamlease, prasad said it sector hiring sentiment is positive and is up by 4  in october 2016 to march 2017.
e-commerce and technology startup sector hiring sentiments has increased by 2 , with projected 14.
94  job growth, teamlease said.
another recruitment firm randstad projected a cumulative growth rate of 9  job growth in the it and it-enabled services market.
prasad hopes the indian technology startup sector would offer strong and growing employment prospects to indian it professionals.
according to nasscom, in 2016, indian technology startups employed 95,000-100,000 it professionals across more than 4,750 startups.
indias total software product market grew by 9.
5  to $7 billion in 2016-17, with exports growing 7.
8  to $2.
3 billion.
indias overall domestic it and business process management (bpm) sector is estimated to grow 8.
5  to $37 billion in 2017.
in villages, community service centres (cscs) generated 10 lakh local level employment by way of village level entrepreneurs, prasad said.
the it ministry has come up with india bpo promotion scheme with an aim to provide employment to 1.
45 lakh persons, mostly in the small towns.
in telecom sector, prasad said 72 new mobile manufacturing units started in the last 30 months and created 1 lakh direct and 3 lakh indirect jobs in india.
all major brands like apple and samsung in the ict sector are manufacturing or ready to manufacture in india.
railways minister piyush goyal will be the bharatiya janata party (bjp)s new deputy leader in parliaments upper house or the rajya sabha, the party announced on wednesday.
goyal will replace law and information technology minister ravishankarprasad prasad, who is now a member of lok sabha.
defence minister rajnath singh will continue to be the bjps deputy leader in lok sabha.
goyal, 54, is a second term rajya sabha member and son of former union minister vedprakash goyal.
he was inducted into prime minister narendra modis previous government as a junior minister with independent charge of coal and power.
he was promoted to the cabinet rank in september 2017 and also given the charge of railways.
goyal also held the finance portfolio in modis previous government when arun jaitley took a leave for treatment.
he is also a former bjp treasurer.
the bjp on tuesday appointed social justice minister thawarchanda gehlot as the partys leader in rajya sabha.
he has replaced jaitley, who opted out of the union council of ministers over health reasons.
gehlot, a four-time lok sabha member, is serving his second term in rajya sabha.
the bjp has appointed sanjay jaiswal as its lok sabha chief whip.
it also appointed three women parliament members as its whips for the first time.
besides these three women whips, 15 other whips for lok sabha have also been appointed for parliamentarians from different states.
in lok sabha, the bjps strength has increased to 303.
kailash vijayvargiya has been reappointed as in-charge of the partys parliamentary office and balasubrahmanyam kumarsu as its secretary.
modi will be the leader of the bjps parliamentary party executive, which also includes party president amit shah among others.
other special invitees from lok sabha to the bjps parliamentary party executive are nitin gadkari, ravishankarprasad prasad, arjun munda, narendra singh tomar and jual oram.
the bjp has also appointed six whips for the upper house, where it is the single largest party with 70 members.
the mood is upbeat at the prestigious patna university campus as two of its illustrious alumni and political heavyweights --shatrughan sinha and his long time friend-turned-political rival, union minister ravishankarprasad prasad- lock horns for the prestigious patna sahib seat.
while prasad is the bjp candidate from patna sahib, sinha, who recently joined congress will be representing the grand alliance (ga), a conglomerate of five parties.
the rivalry between the two for the patna sahib seat has grabbed limelight as sinha has been vocal about his criticism of bjp despite being a part of it till recently.
as the campaigning for the patna sahib seat, which goes to polls on may 19, gains momentum gradually, the patna university (pu) students, many of whom are first time voters, and the faculty, are excited that their two famous alumni are battling it out in the electoral arena and believe that whosoever wins will only bring pride and glory to their alma mater.
read | lok sabha election 2019: bihars patna sahib constituency will be closely watchedthe student unions and voters are charged up and have already started lobbying for their chosen candidates.
n k choudhary, former principal of patna college, said that voting should be done on the basis of ideology.
being an alumnus of any university should not be the basis for support.
as far ravishankarprasad prasad is concerned, he has been more consistent in politics and connected to the land of bihar.
in the given circumstances, i weigh ravishankarprasad prasad higher than shatrughan sinha for the simple reason that prasad holds a strong ideology.
i will vote for the one who upholds secular, socialist and democratic ideology rather than a strong personality.
our members and the students at a large, are clearly in the mood to support ravishankarprasad prasad as he had been a joint secretary of abvp in past and is a promise-fulfilling candidate.
he is a leader who works on the ground level.
youth has more confidence in prasad as his development work in the past has earned high credibility for him, said raja ravi, joint secretary of akhil bhartiya vidyarthi parishad (abvp), the bjps students wingmritunjya kumar, vice president of chhatra jd(u), also expressed the partys inclination towards ravishankarprasad prasad as he has been consistent in his political career and sticks to the same party and ideology.
the leader should be educated and wise enough for assessing the needs of the people and prasad possesses these qualities, he added.
also read | in patna sahib, its hope versus opportunism: ravishankarprasad prasadhowever, a section of students said that the contest may not be an easy one for the union minister, as serious discontent prevails against the central government for its failure to provide sufficient job opportunities for qualified youth.
pm modi had assured to dole out two crore jobs every year.
but the government did little to fulfil the aspirations of the youths.
switching parties cannot be treated as a parameter to evaluate ones contribution to the land because many great leaders have been switching their association from one party to another but peoples trust in them remain intact, said prabhat kumar chandrawanshi, state vice president, national student union of india (nsui).
tanweer hassan, former president of the states ncp student wing said, we will support sinha because he is a trusted leader, who had done a lot for patna sahib and his alma mater.
he brought aiims to patna, gave money for development of the pu science block and has always been in touch with the university students and faculty.
on the contrary, prasad has suddenly landed in the poll fray from delhi.
though his wife maya shankar is a lecturer, still prasad never cared to do anything for his alma mater.
the poor and marginalised sections may soon get free legal aid if they cant afford to pay a lawyer.
all that they have to do is to approach the common service centres (cscs) to be set up across the country by the state legal services authorities (slsa) where para legal volunteers would connect a panel of lawyers with clients through video conferencing facilities.
litigants from marginalised communities, including members of scheduled castes and scheduled tribes, women, children, senior citizens, persons with low income and persons with disabilities, acid attack, drug abused, human trafficking victims, prison inmates can apply for legal aid and advice from the lawyers who register themselves offering free services.
for this the union minister of law and justice ravishankarprasad prasad launched a website -- doj.gov.
in ---- in new delhi on thursday for the lawyers to register themselves for pro bono service.
the minister said that the lawyers who offer free legal help to marginalised communities would be considered for elevation as judges on a priority basis.
the government expects many eminent lawyers to join what it calls pro bono movement.
there is a defined structured policy in us and south korea for the lawyers volunteering to help the people.
there are proper legal aid rules for the lawyers opting to help others.
in india too, lawyers help others, but there was no structured format for this.
this issue we have addressed now, said prasad who launched three legal aid and empowerment initiatives of the department of justice  pro bono legal services, tele law service and nyaya mitra scheme- on thursday.
the pro bono legal services initiative is a web-based platform, through which interested lawyers can register themselves on website doj.gov.
in to volunteer pro bono services for the underprivileged litigants, who are unable to afford it.
through this online portal, litigants from marginalised communities (including members of sc and st, women, children, senior citizens, persons with low income and persons with disabilities) can also apply for legal aid and advice from the pro bono lawyers.
through the second initiative, launched by the minister, the department of justice and nalsa are partnering with csc- e- governance service limited for mainstreaming legal aid to the marginalised communities through cscs.
this initiative, called tele law, would be launched across 1,800 panchayats in uttar pradesh, bihar, north eastern states and jammu & kashmir.
it is aimed at facilitating delivery of legal advice through an expert panel of lawyers  stationed at the state legal services authorities (slsa).
the project would connect lawyers with clients through video conferencing facilities at common service centres, operated by para legal volunteers.
for this purpose, this initiative would also play a pivotal role in empowering 1000 women para legal volunteers.
the minister said that using common service centres for mainstreaming legal aid services for the marginalized at the panchayat levels would ensure that legal aid reaches populations which remained untouched due to geographical challenges and/or lack of infrastructure.
union minister ravishankarprasad prasad sunday took a potshot at rahul gandhi for deciding to contest wayanad seat in kerala, claiming that the congress chief is feeling uncomfortable, insecured and helpless in amethi, his lok sabha constituency for three terms in a row.
rae bareli, the constituency of sonia gandhi, and amethi are considered as his familys pocket borough, but he is so scared that he fled to a place far away in south india, prasad told reporters here.
the congress sunday announced that rahul gandhi will contest wayanad parliamentary constituency in kerala along with amethi in uttar pradesh.
rahul gandhi is feeling uncomfortable, insecured and helpless in amethi.
so he chose to contest wayanad seat considering it as safe because of its ethnic profile, the senior bjp leader said.
the captain ran away after noticing that the ship is sinking and landed in the sanctuary of wayanad where 49.
48 per cent people are hindus and the rest minorities, he said.
rahul gandhi had never cultivated his image as a hindu but recently he is going temple hopping, showing off his janeu (sacred thread) and flaunting his gotra, the minister said asserting that he suddenly decided to contest a minority dominated seat feeling insecured.
when pointed out that narendra modi as prime ministerial candidate in 2014 elections had contested from two seats - gandhi nagar and varanasi, prasad said it was because the people of gujarat had requested modi, who was the chief minister of the state for 12 years, to do it.
congress spokesman randeep surjewala made a statement that gandhi will contest wayanad to safeguard the cultural tradition of south india.
on this, the bjp leader said it is an ugly cruel joke as senior leaders of the congress and other parities such as p v narasimha rao, nt rama rao, m g ramchandran, jayalalitha, and devraj arsh were treated badly by the party.
since you have gone to kerala supposedly to safeguard the cultural tradition of south india, please tell us what is your take on sabarimala (temple issue).
we know the stand of the left and our stand is also known to the public, he said.
the sabarimala temple was out of bounds women between 10 and 50 years of age.
the supreme court on september 28 last year allowed all women, including those in the menstruating age, to offer prayers at the shrine.
while the bjp opposed the verdict, the ruling left parties supported it.
rahul gandhi initially welcomed the ruling but later backtracked saying he will leave it to the people of kerala to decide on the matter.
on mahagathbandhan in bihar, prasad said there is no grand alliance in up and west bengal, and he is not sure how long it would survive in bihar.
the grand alliance in bihar consists of the rjd, the congress and some other parties.
mahagathbandhan has no programme, no policy, no commitment and no leadership, he said asserting that the bjp and nda would get decisive mandate in the elections as it is a battle between hope and opportunities, aspirations and despair.
(this story has been published from a wire agency feed without modifications to the text.
in a two-pronged strategy, the bharatiya janata party (bjp) central leadership has gone the whole hog to campaign for its noida candidate, pankaj singh, son of union home minister, rajnath singh.
in contrast, the samajwadi party (sp) did not have any star campaigners in noida, while the congress and bsp roped in only one-two leaders each.
the bjp, to keep its flock together after nominating outsider pankaj in noida, leaders of the disgruntled cadres, from their caste and region, moved to placate them in election rallies and campaigns.
they also wooed the urban voters with several promises of development.
though sitting mla vimla batham has also supported pankaj, her supporters were upset.
a few others who were aspiring for a ticket had threatened to quit the party after pankaj was given the ticket.
two-time former mla from dadri nawab singh nagar, who was ready to jump in the fray on a bjp ticket even from noida, was among those unhappy on being denied a ticket.
one bjp leader is also contesting as an independent candidate.
however, he extended support to the official bjp candidate at party president amit shahs rally on february 5.
bjp president amit shah, state bjp president keshav prasad maurya, union urban development minister venkaiah naidu, minister of law and justice ravishankarprasad prasad, power minister piyush goyal, minister of state for heavy industries and public enterprises babul supriyo, minister of state for human resource development mahendra nath pandey, former uttarakhand chief minister ramesh pokhriyal nishank, mp kirron kher and mp udit raj have visited noida to campaign for pankaj singh.
the party has succeeded not only in pacifying disgruntled members but also making them actively participate in the campaign.
the campaign by senior leaders has helped bjp connect with the representatives of various regions and communities from across the country who are living in noida.
however, pankajs father, rajnath singh, did not visit noida, despite visiting bisada (dadri) on wednesday and rabupura (jewar) on thursday.
it was decided that rajnath ji would not campaign in noida.
however, we roped in several senior party leaders, central ministers and mps from various backgrounds.
this has boosted the morale of the party workers and helped in consolidating the votes from various communities, said manish sharma, bjps media in-charge for the district.
a majority of the visiting bjp leaders addressed a gathering of not more than a few hundred at the auditorium of kailash hospital.
meetings of piyush goyal, ravishankarprasad prasad and nishank were held at other places, but with a limited gathering.
only shah held a public rally, while north east delhi mp manoj tiwari, held a road show in noida on thursday, the last day of campaigning.
due to the strict expenditure cap put in place by the election commission, we decided to hold a workers meet and bring in people from various communities.
the press coverage of their visits helped us in sending our message to these communities as well as the public that the bjp in noida is not a divided house, a party functionary from noida said.
he added that delhis proximity to noida made it possible for ministers to campaign for pankaj.
the other major contenders in noida are sunil choudhary of the sp-congress alliance and bsps ravikant mishra.
for bsp, only the party general secretary naseemuddin siddiqui held a rally at sector 39 community centre on january 24.
bsp national general secretary satish chandra mishra was to hold a public rally in sector 43 on wednesday but the programme was cancelled.
congress leader ghulam nabi azad held a rally at dadri and up state congress president raj babbar also held a road show in dadri.
however, samajwadi party failed to attract any star campaigner in noida, including akhilesh yadav, due to it being jinxed for chief ministers.
we had sent a request for dimple ji (akhileshs wife) to campaign in noida but she could not make it.
our party leader surender nagar held a road show on thursday, raghvendra dubey, sp media head for the district, said.
india is hopeful of finding a solution soon to the concerns of tech firms regarding a possible clamp down on work visa programmes such as h-1b by the us administration, information technology minister ravishankarprasad prasad said on friday.
we are working closely with the external affairs ministry to make them aware of the problems highlighted (by tech firms) so that the external affairs ministry can in turn highlight the same with their counterparts in the us, prasad told a news conference.
indias it industry, he noted, plays a key role in the us as it has paid nearly $20 billion in taxes in the us and created more than 400,000 employment opportunities in america while providing high quality services fortune 500 companies.
hence, it can be expected the problems will be resolved soon, prasad said.
his remarks came a day after commerce and industry minister nirmala sitharaman met top government officials, including the secretaries of external affairs, finance, telecommunication, electronics and it and commerce, and industry representatives to discuss the possible tightening of the us visa regimefollowing the meeting with sitharaman, nasscom president r chandrasekhar said: we had an interaction with the minister and exchanged views on rising trend of protectionism and anti-globalisation, and the perspective of the industry.
prasad said nasscom had also conveyed the concerns of the it industry to his ministry.
sitharaman earlier said india is closely monitoring developments and is constantly in touch with us authorities.
nasscom plans to send a delegation of senior executives to washington later this month to reach out to the trump administration and lawmakers about its concerns on a possible tightening of the visa regime and curbs on the flow of skilled manpower.
the delegation will inform the new us administration on direct jobs being created by indian it companies in america and the contribution of indian firms in making the us economy competitive.
the proposed overhaul of the popular h-1b visas by president donald trump has caused jitters among indian firms, as any changes in the regime would result in higher operational costs and shortage of skilled workers for the $110-billion indian outsourcing industry.
indias it sector contributes 9.
3  to the gdp and the us accounts for nearly 62   of its exports.
a bill was recently tabled in the us house of representatives, proposing amendments to the h-1b visa regime, including doubling of minimum salary of holders of such visas to $130,000.
the current minimum h-1b wage of $60,000 was fixed in 1989.
the new us attorney general, jeff sessions, is considered an immigration hawk and a strident critic of the h-1b visa programme.
as a senator, sessions introduced a bill to make it prohibitively expensive for american employers to bring foreign workers under the h-1b programme by proposing a high wage ceiling.
he also co-sponsored a legislation that sought to cut the annual cap on h-1b visas from 65,000 to 50,000.
the law ministry has shot down as legally untenable a string of measures, such as impounding of passports and confiscation of property, suggested by an inter-ministerial group to deter nri men from deserting their wives, officials familiar with the development have said.
women and child development (wcd) minister maneka gandhi last week wrote to external affairs minister sushma swaraj, who heads the group, to call another meeting to end the deadlock that threatens to derail the move to help abandoned wives.
the law ministrys position has resulted in all efforts made so far coming to a standstill.
there will be no deterrent unless stringent steps are taken against  nri men who have failed to respond to repeated summons, an official said on condition of anonymity.
with more and more indians going abroad to study and work, there has been a sharp rise in men deserting their wives after marrying them in india.
the national commission for women (ncw) received 346 complaints from such women in 2014, the latest year for which figures are available.
they were mostly about men preventing women from travelling by taking away their passports, disappearing after marriage, abandoning them in foreign countries and keeping children abroad with no contact with the mother.
the number would be much higher as only a handful of women come forward with their complaints, wcd ministry officials say.
the ministerial panel was set up in 2017 to review the legal and regulatory challenges faced by women.
nitin gadkari, ravishankarprasad prasad, maneka gandhi, smriti irani, narendra singh tomar and vk singh are the other members of the group.
the panel also suggested that the external affairs ministry put on its website summons issued to nri men after they fail to respond to the one sent to their address.
such notices were to be treated as deemed to have been served.
the current practice is that once a woman lodges a complaint, police write to embassies that issue a summons but in most cases it is not received as either the address is false or the person has moved to a new place.
the law ministry has not agreed to this proposal also.
without this, the regulatory framework that the inter-ministerial panel had recommended to help women abandoned or abused by nri husbands will not have any meaning, a wcd ministry official said.
following the recommendations, gandhi had written to the home and law ministries to make necessary changes in the law to make the suggestions operational.
the ministry had on december 20 constituted an integrated nodal agency for addressing nri marital disputes.
actor-politician shatrughan sinha, who has announced that he is quitting the bjp, on sunday said he decided to go with the congress as it was a national party in the true sense and family friend lalu prasad also advised him to do so.
he said leaders such as trinamool chief mamata banerjee, samajwadi party supremo akhilesh yadav and aam aadmi party (aap) national convener arvind kejriwal, among others, wanted him to join their respective parties, but he had made it clear that whatever be the situation, the constituency he would be contesting in the lok sabha polls would be patna sahib.
the actor-turned-politician, who has been criticising the modi government for long, said it was painful for him to leave the bjp with which he has had such a long association, but was disturbed at the treatment meted out by the party to stalwarts such as l k advani, murli manohar joshi, arun shourie and yashwant sinha.
the bjp has not fielded party veterans advani and joshi in the lok sabha polls.
in an exclusive interview to pti, sinha said he had won from patna sahib in 2014 on his own merit, without support from the party and feels that this time he could break his previous records in terms of victory.
he slammed the bjps leadership of prime minister narendra modi and party chief amit shah saying earlier there was lokshahi (democracy) and now there is tanashahi (dictatorship) in the party.
there used to be collective decision during atal (bihari vajpayee) jis time.
there was democracy in the true sense.
but now, there is the case of one-man show and two-man army, said the 73-year-old leader, who is in muscat where he is being honoured as a cinematic legend.
asked why he decided to go with the congress, sinha said there were several reasons such as it is the grand old party which has had great leaders like mahatma gandhi, vallabhbhai patel, jawaharlal nehru, and those of the nehru-gandhi family.
the party also has a great contribution in the countrys freedom movement, the sitting mp from patna sahib said, adding another reason was that it is a national party in the true sense.
our family friend (rjd chief) lalu prasad also suggested you go there (to the congress).
we are there with you and will be together politically also.
it was done with his (lalu prasads) permission and in agreement with him, said sinha, who won the patna sahib seat back to back in 2009 and 2014 parliamentary polls.
he said an important factor is that the patna sahib seat has gone to the congress quota in the mahagathbandhan (grand alliance) seat sharing and he had said that whatever be the situation, the constituency for him fighting the polls would be the same.
many people like (tmc chief) mamata banerjee, (sp president) akhilesh yadav, and (delhi chief minister) arvind kejriwal among others, wanted me to be in their party.
but i had to come to this place because i had said that whatever be the situation, the location will be the same, sinha said, adding that the congress was a great party.
on claims by bjp leaders that he got votes in patna due to the party, the former union minister said, i would like to say that in the last election it was not just modi leher (wave) but modi qahar (destruction) on certain seats like we saw shahnawaz hussain losing from bhagalpur.
arun jaitley had a humiliating defeat.
sinha said he purposely did not call top bjp leaders such as friend, philosopher, guide advani, joshi, yashwant sinha, sushma swaraj, rajnath singh in the 2014 polls for campaigning.
i did not even call my own daughter sonakshi sinha so that people dont get to say things.
i won on merit, on principles, without anybodys support or help.
they (the bjp) did not give me the help they were giving to other candidates, they did not give me any help, he alleged.
despite the modi leher or qahar in the entire country, by the grace of the people of patna, in my victory, i had the highest vote share percentage in the country, sinha said.
asked how he sees the impending clash with senior bjp leader ravishankarprasad prasad on the patna sahib seat, sinha said the union minister is like a family friend and he has respect for him.
asserting that he doesnt want to comment on personalities as he has only spoken about issues, sinha said, for ravishankarprasad prasad i can only convey my best wishes.
after all, the people of patna will decide.
we will accept the verdict.
i have a feeling that by the grace of god and with great support from the people, i could be breaking my previous records also in terms of victory.
he also hailed rahul gandhis leadership qualities, saying the congress president is a man to be watched for his vision and dynamism.
the way he has taken up issues boldly, he has proved himself and in one year as as congress president he has won three states despite evms and many hurdles.
he is the originator of the most popular slogan -- chowkidar chor hai, sinha said.
on whether gandhi could be the next prime minister, sinha said it all depends on the blessings of the people the number of seats congress gets.
rahul gandhi has all the capabilities, he added.
sinha alleged that the bjp had been threatening him for long that it will take action against him.
i kept on reminding them that every action has an equal and opposite reaction.
they have taken so-called action (of not giving ticket), so it is high time for an appropriate reaction, sinha said.
sinha met rahul gandhi here last week and is set to join the congress on april 6.
though there were 18 candidates in the fray, the battle at patna sahib was a prestige battle between the bharatiya janata party (bjp) and shatrughan sinha, formerly of the party, who switched to the congress shortly before the polls.
union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad, who is a rajya sabha member, contested the elections for the first time.
in 2014, sinha won the seat defeating the congress by over 265,00 votes.
he had also won the seat in 2009.
both the congress and the bjp are in alliances in the state, with the rashtriya janata dal and the janta dal (united), respectively.
a mistake was detected in the photograph on the voter card of rjds tejashwi prasad yadav, who did not cast his vote as he was in new delhi.
patna district magistrate kumar ravi said, it seems to be an old photograph of tejashwi yadav.
we are trying to verify it.
in another incident, the driver of tej pratap yadav, tejashwis brother, reportedly ran over the leg of a photojournalist, which led to a fight.
when i protested about the manner in which the driver manoeuvred the suv, tejs bouncers and supporters mercilessly thrashed me, causing serious injuries, said ranjan rahi, the photojournalist.
bihar chief electoral officer (ceo) hr srinivasa sought separate reports about the two incidents from the patna district magistrate.
tej pratap, however, lodged a police complaint alleging that the photographer attacked his vehicle, damaging its front windshield and causing injury to his driver, a charge rahi denied.
patna sahib, which has 2.
1 million voters, is dominated by kayasthas (both, sinha and prasad belong to this community), and is considered to be a bjp stronghold.
in 2015 assembly polls, the bjp had won five of the six seats.
rjds ramanand yadav won the fatuha assembly seat.
the constituency came into existence in 2008 after the patna and the barh lok sabha seats were merged and rechristened as patna sahib and patliputra during the delimitation of constituencies.
decks were cleared on friday night for the promulgation of an ordinance by the tamil nadu government for conducting bull-taming sport jallikattu, with the union ministries of environment and law giving its nod.
the move came even as thousands continued to stage protests against the ban on jallikattu.
protesters thronged chennais signature marina beach, and cities and towns across the state.
celebrities and sportspersons have rallied behind demonstrators in tamil nadu, demanding that jallikattu be allowed in the state during pongal festivities.
the tamil nadu government said it drafted an ordinance to ensure that the bull-taming sport is held in the state.
sources said the proposal of the tamil nadu government was cleared by the centre without recommending any changes.
read | what is jallikattu?
all you need to know about the bull-taming sporthere are the live updates:7:59pm:law,environment and culture ministries clear tamil nadu's govt's ordinance on #jallikattu  ani (@ani_news) january 20, 2017after consulting ag mukul rohatgi, the law ministry forwarded the tamil nadu governments ordinance to president mukherjee.
* in the state governments draft ordinance, bulls will be denotified from the list of performing animals in the prevention of cruelty to animals act.
* attorney general mukul rohatgi had opined that by taking this route, the state can bring out an ordinance which is tenable legally.
7:25pm: actor rana daggubati supported the protests for jallikattu, saying it is amazing to see people come together to support their tradition.
jallikattu is a part of tamil nadus culture.
the protest that is going on there in support of jallikattu at the chennais marina beach is very touching.
it is in the right direction, rana said at a press conference in the second day of jaipur literature festival.
7:10pm: lakshmi saravanakumar, writer and recipient of the sahitya akademis yuva puraskar returned his award, protesting against the lack of positive action from the centre on the jallikattu issue.
6:57pm: the tamil nadu governments announcement that it would issue an ordinance to ensure the conduct of jallikattu sport drew a sharp reaction from eminent jurist soli sorabjee who said such a move could be constitutionally invalid.
the central government wants to consult the state government and sort it (the issue of jallikattu) out.
very good.
but to run an ordinance in these circumstances is out of the question.
it will not be warranted at all, the former attorney general told some television channels, pti reported.
5:51pm: the environment ministry gave its observations to the proposal sent by the tamil nadu government for lifting of the ban on jallikatu and returned it to the home ministry for final decision.
the proposal was submitted to the home ministry.
the home ministry sent it to us for comments.
we gave our comments and have sent it back to the home ministry for further vetting, a source in the environment ministry said.
5:37pm: with traders downing shutters following a bandh call against jallikattu ban, employees of information technology, banks and other commercial establishments today staged a protest here expressing their solidarity to the cause.
banking operations took a hit with some employees taking part in protests called by bank employees federation of india, tamil nadu unit and all india bank employees association, pti reported.
4:30pm: the bjp, for its part, said dmk can only stage protests on the jallikattu issue and the ruling party at the centre alone can find a solution to the vexed issue.
4:20pm: dmk welcomed cm o panneerselvams announcement that tamil nadu government will issue an ordinance to amend the prevention of cruelty act to allow jallikattu, but insisted that bulls should be permanently removed from performing animals category by the centre so that the sport is held in the state annually, pti reported.
4:08pm: as many as 500 jallikattu supporters gathered in mumbais chembur to form a human chain in support of the bull-taming sport.
3:30pm:mumbai: people make human chain to protest in support of #jallikattu pic.
twitter.com/plercijkkx  ani (@ani_news) january 20, 2017gujarat: people protest in support of #jallikattu in vadodara pic.
twitter.com/vjxppa0djb  ani (@ani_news) january 20, 20172:56pm: amid demands to lift the ban, the government said it is making efforts to bring out a legal solution at the earliest.
law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said in new delhi that the narendra modi government respects the culture of tamil nadu and is mindful of the sentiments expressed by the people in the state through a peaceful protest.
2:40pm: the centre is in talks with the state government and we will ensure there is a solution soon, union minister ravishankarprasad prasad tells tv channels.
2:30pm: after rajinikanth, kamal hasan also joins protests against sc ban on jallikattu, tv reports say.
ganesh venkatraman, also present at the protest site, reiterates their demand: all we are asking is for supreme court to show sensitivity in this issue.
2:25pm: the madras hc dismissed a pil seeking the enactment of a special law with conditions by the centre and the tamil nadu government for holding jallikattu, saying it cannot issue such a direction.
the court cannot issue such a direction, the bench, comprising chief justice s k kaul and justice m sundar said while hearing a petition by k k ramesh, managing trustee of tamil nadu centre for public interest litigation.
2:07pm: pressing for an ordinance for conducting jallikattu, aiadmk mps met union home minister rajnath singh, who assured them that the centre will take action so that the tamil nadu government could promulgate it in the next few days.
the home minister has assured us that the file on ordinance will be processed as early as possible so that the ordinance can be promulgated in next two-three days, lok sabha deputy speaker m thambidurai told pti.
2:04pm: amid the controversy of jallikattu, the supreme court agreed not to pronounce its verdict on the bull-taming sport for one week.
a bench headed by justice dipak misra agreed to put the pronouncement on hold on a plea by attorney general mukul rohatgi who told the court that cultural passions were running high in the state, ians reported.
2pm: opposition leader mk stalin demands that the centre must remove bulls from list of performing animals in the prevention of cruelty against animals act, announcing that he will lead a fast on saturday with party.
1:51pm: after superstar mahesh babu, actor-politician pawan kalyan has extended support for jallikattu.
he said the ban on the bull-taming sport is a direct attack on dravidian culture and its integrity.
ban on jallikattu and cockfight by government of india is an attack on dravida culture and its integrity.
this is how it is being viewed in dakshin (south) hindustan.
i had observed this deep hurt in people while shooting in pollachi, tamil nadu, pawan kalyan tweeted on friday.
1:30pm: we also expect the notification of ordinance will appear by day after tomorrow (sunday).
it will definitely happen: tamil nadu chief minister o panneerselvam.
vaadivasal will be opened for jallikattu within a day or two.
i will inaugurate the jallikattu event.
1:10pm: environment minister anil dave holds a press conference, asking everyone to be patient about the decision and reiterating that the government wants to protect the sentiments of tamil nadu.
by today evening or tomorrow, well be able to reach a conclusion about jallikattu.
hinting at a possible amendment to the prevention to cruelty against animals act, dave says: in 2011, the bull was added in the list of performing animals.
if they didnt do that, we wouldnt have been sitting here.
today the home minister has received a proposal from tamil nadu government.
the entire proposal is under consideration.
different ministries are giving a thought to it.
the paper is on way to the environment ministry.
i am sure within the shortest time we will be able to reach on the final decision, he told reporters.
1:05pm: centre and tamil nadu govt are talking.
it will be decided if centre or state will act or even both can intervene.
all options are open: ag mukul rohatgi12:55pm: stepping up pressure against jallikattu ban, dmk announces that it will go on one-day fast on satuday, led by stalin in valluvar kottam.
12:50pm: leaders from tamil nadus ruling party will also meet president pranab mukherjee at 2pm on saturday, asking him to approve the ordinance.
12:40pm: aiadmk lawmakers meet rajnath singh, urging promulgation of ordinance in support of jallikattu.
we had come to urge the home minister to take steps for promulgation of ordinance in support of jallikattu, deputy speaker m thambi durai says.
12:15pm: actor rajinikanth joins the protest organised by nadigar sangam against jallikattu ban in chennai, reports ndtv.
12pm: aiadmk lawmakers reach home ministry to meet rajnath singh.
aiadmk mps meet union home minister rajnath singh to lift jallikattu ban.
aiadmk (@aiadmkofficial) january 20, 201711:25am: aimim chief asaduddin owaisi tweeted in support of jallikattu on friday, calling the jallikattu ban a lesson for hindutva forces.
he linked the tamil nadu protests to the uniform civil code and said the code cannot be imposed.
.
.
this nation cannot have one culture, we celebrate all.
11:20am: stalin is released after being held in preventive custody as dmk workers clashed with police at mambalam station in chennai.
11:05am: dmks working president (stalin) requested the state govt for an all party meeting on the issue for demanding enactment of emergency law for jallikattu, says rajya sabha mp kanimozhi.
10:55am: sc agrees to delay its verdict on jallikattu for a week after centre says this will help avoid unrest.
rohatgi mentioned the matter before a bench comprising justices dipak misra and r banumati that people of tamil nadu are passionate about jallikattu and the central government and the state are trying to resolve the issue.
rohatgi mentioned the matter before a supreme court bench headed by chief justice of india jagdish singh khehar.
read | jallikattu ban: tamil nadu cm panneerselvams rush over ordinance on ban could be a move to buy time10:35am: pon radhakrishnan, thamizhisai soundarrajan reach environment minister anil daves residence in delhi.
10:25am: dmks mk stalin taken into preventative custody after halting a train while protesting in mambalam station in chennai.
following protests, southern railway announced full and partial cancellation of some trains, besides diversion of others.
railway minister suresh prabhu asked the protestors not to cause inconvenience to the poor.
rail is preferred mode of transport for poor, common people.
please dont disrupt traffic, cause inconvenience to those who cant afford other, he said in a tweet.
10:15am: prevention of animal cruelty act also taken into account, it will take a day or two, says attorney general mukul rohatgi, referring to the jallikattu ordinance.
10:10am: the government should keep an eye on peta because they are interfering in our traditions, union minister pon radhakrishnan tells ani, adding that he will meet environment minister anil dave and rajnath singh.
10:05am: tv reports say the tamil nadu government has proposed to amend the animal cruelty act.
9:30am: dmk workers breach the barricades in mambalam while protesting in support of jallikattu.
partys working president mk stalin too joins the protest in mambalam: ani9:20am: the state government exercised considerable pressure on the centre to ensure that the home ministry passes the ordinance quickly, sources in the aiadmk tell ht.
after the draft ordinance is vetted by the ministry, it will then be delivered to president pranab mukherjee who will have to approve it for the tamil nadu governor vidyasagar rao to officially promulgate it.
9am: even after tamil nadu cms assurance, protesters at marina beach in chennai say they will only call of the agitation after a formal order is received revoking the jallikattu ban: tv reports8:30am: cm panneerselvam says he has spoken to legal experts and tamil nadu has readied an ordinance to bypass jallikattu ban.
.
.
we will revoke the ban on jallikattu with the ordinance.
the centre has assured its support.
a draft ordinance is ready, and has been sent to the home ministry.
i believe the draft would be approved in 1-2 days, which will pave way for jallikattu.
.
.
i request all protesters to call off their demonstration.
there is a high chance jallikattu will be held in the next 1-2 days.
an ordinance will be promulgated to allow jallikattu to be played: tamil nadu chief minister o panneerselvam #jallikattu @httweets  aditya iyer (@theadityaiyer) january 20, 2017people for the ethical treatment of animals (peta) india had said on thursday that it may take the legal route if the centre brings an ordinance to enable jallikattu.
8:20am: aiadmk lawmakers will meet home minister rajnath singh at noon on friday to discuss the jallikattu ban, tv reports say.
a day before, tamil nadu chief minister o panneerselvam had appealed to prime minister narendra modi for an ordinance on jallikattu.
modi, however, remained non-committal on the contentious issue, saying the matter was in the supreme court.
8:15am: tamil nadu opposition dmk leader and mp kanimozhi will hold a rail roko protest at chennai egmore railway station in support of jallikattu on friday, ani reports.
8am: members of south indian artists association, nadigar sangam, ask media to not cover their silent protest against jallikattu and focus on the youth at marina beach.
7:45am: protests continue at chennais marina beach.
schools across tamil nadu to remain closed for the day.
the unique identification authority of india (uidai) has blacklisted for 10 years an aadhaar centre that allegedly leaked a receipt given to cricketer ms dhoni, divulging his personal details.
ab pandey, the chief of uidai  that acts as the nodal authority for aadhaar  told news agency pti on wednesday that a probe would continue finding out how the details of the cricketer were tweeted by the official handle of the agency handling the enrollment process for the 12-digit identification number.
the action came a day after information technology minister ravishankarprasad prasad promised action against the leaking of personal information, which he termed illegal.
the enrollment agency, csc e-governance services india limited, had tweeted -- through its official twitter handle @cscegov -- a picture in which ms dhonis fingerprints were getting scanned into the system.
they went a step forward and tweeted a screenshot of the jharkhand cricketers application form, which dhonis wife sakshi complained about to prasad on twitter.
the incident quickly gained traction on social media with many saying the leaking of dhonis personal details was symptomatic of larger privacy concerns over aadhaar.
cricketer-turned politician navjot singh sidhu courted controversy on monday when he appealed to muslims to cast their votes for the congress in order to defeat prime minister narendra modi.
sidhu made the remarks while addressing an election rally in katihar where he was canvassing for congress candidate tariq anwar.
you comprise 64  of the total population in the constituency.
if you get united, you can uproot modi from delhi, he said.
congress might have once played a role in the freedom movement but this party is now known for encouraging tukde tukde gang and is seeking evidence of the valour of soldiers, said bjp spokesperson ravishankarprasad prasad.
terming religion a very private relationship between man and his god, a seven-judge bench of the supreme court, in a majority judgment on january 2, 2017, had held that an appeal for votes during elections on the basis of religion, caste, race, community or language, even that of the electorate, will amount to a corrupt practice and call for disqualification of the candidate.
the supreme court on april 8 last issued a notice to the election commission (ec) on a public interest litigation (pil) seeking strict action against political parties if their spokespersons and representatives deliver speeches or make remarks in the media pertaining to religion or caste.
we want the ec to take cognisance of sidhus speech and initiate necessary action against him in the light of the sc judgment, bihars deputy chief minister sushil modi said in darbhanga.
katihar district magistrate-cum-returning officer, punam, has directed the local sdo to look into the matter and submit a report.
punam said, the civil sdo has been directed to look into the matter and submit a report.
action will be taken against the leader after we get the report, she said.
for nda leaders, sidhus speech came as a much-awaited weapon to corner the opposition.
katihar district bjp president manoj roy said, sidhu has violated the model code of conduct and his speech has created a clear rift between the hindu and muslims.
jd-u leader sanjeev srivastava declared it a gross violation of the model code of conduct as well as the supreme court judgment.
bihar state congress party spokesperson bk thakur said sidhus speech was not dignified.
this seems an outburst of bjp leaders divisive speeches, he added.
sidhu, who is a star campaigner of the congress, could not be contacted for comments.
in a similar incident at deoband in uttar pradesh, bsp chief mayawati had warned the muslims not to split votes between congress and her alliance that led to a ban on her campaigning for 48 hours.
up chief minister yogi adityanath, sp leader azam khan and bjp leader menaka gandhi have also had to face action such speeches and seeking votes on basis of religion.
the comments by former cricketer at a rally in katihar, where he was canvassing in support of veteran congress leader and former union minister tariq anwar,sidhus comments drew an angry response from bjp which alleged that it was in the congress dna to divide the people.
congress might have once played a role in the freedom movement but this party is now known for encouraging tukde tukde gang and is seeking evidence of the valour of soldiers, said bjp spokesperson ravishankarprasad prasad.
it is part of the congress dna to divide.
it is not a new norm in this party.
he attacked congress general secretary priyanka gandhi vadra for her criticism of the saffron party over its interpretation of nationalism.
how does sidhus call to 64 per cent of minorities in the area to unite, help the country, he asked.
digital identities of more than a million citizens have been compromised by a programming error on a website maintained by the jharkhand directorate of social security.
the glitch revealed the names, addresses, aadhaar numbers and bank account details of the beneficiaries of jharkhands old age pension scheme.
jharkhand has over 1.
6 million pensioners, 1.
4 million of whom have seeded their bank accounts with their aadhaar numbers to avail of direct bank transfers for their monthly pensions.
their personal details are now freely available to anyone who logs onto the website, a major privacy breach at a time when the supreme court, cyber-security experts and opposition politicians have questioned a government policy to make aadhaar mandatory to get benefits of a variety of government schemes and services.
when ht reporters logged onto the site, they could drill down to get transaction-level data on pension paid into scores of pension accounts.
the publishing of aadhaar numbers is in contravention of section 29 (4) of the aadhaar act.
earlier this year, the unique identification authority of india (uidai) blacklisted an aadhaar service provider for 10 years for publishing the aadhaar number of ms dhoni, former captain of the indian cricket team.
the authority has also filed at least eight police complaints in the past month against private parties for illegally collecting aadhaar numbers of citizens  information that the jharkhand government has now put into the public domain.
uidai did not respond to queries sent by ht.
at present, the supreme court is considering the legality of a government decision to make it mandatory to provide an aadhaar number when filing income tax returns.
in jharkhand, officials were surprisingly sanguine about the breach, suggesting that they had been aware of the situation for several days.
we got to know about it this week itself.
our programmers are working on it, and the matter should be addressed very soon, said ms bhatia, secretary of the states social welfare department.
bhatia declined to comment on the legal implications of publishing this information.
will the ceo of uidai take any action against the government of jharkhand for making this dataset public?
and if they dont, does that mean they condone this act?
said pranesh prakash, policy director at the centre for internet and society.
the data breach, senior congress leader jairam ramesh said, makes a complete mockery of all that jaitley and ravishankarprasad prasad have said in parliament.
problems with aadhaar-based authentication and enrollment, ramesh added, had also meant that many vulnerable people had been denied their legally mandated welfare entitlements.
the indian software services companies will breathe a sigh of relief as the indian ministries, authorities and industry lobby had a dialogue with a visiting eight-member us delegation headed by congressman bob goodlatte, on the ongoing concerns of h1-b visa holders.
after the meeting with it minister, ravishankarprasad prasad, goodlatte, the chairman of house judiciary committee that plays an important role in drawing policies around immigration and intellectual property, said, that it was up to president donald trump to reassess the situation on the immigration policy.
to put things in perspective, the trump government has started a clampdown on h1-b visa holders, who he believes take away american jobs.
the indian it industry has thrived over the offshore business model.
america accounts for 65  of $155 billion indian it revenue.
however, according to a senior government official who had knowledge of the meeting said that things looked positive.
us-india has a good relationship historically.
india and us compliments and supplements each other in several areas especially with indian talent adding value to us firms and the biggest examples are microsoft ceo satya nadella and google ceo sundar pichai, he said.
the source, who is highly placed in the government, added that nearly 75  of all fortune-500 companies are serviced by indian it firms, and that some of the top it firms doing business in india, are of american origin, such as cisco, google and amazon.
meanwhile, nirmala sitharaman, minister of commerce and industry said that the issue had been discussed in details with the us congressmen.
business always flourishes in an environment of certainty and transparency.
so even this visa related issue is an issue on which we would want to have an air of certainty and also transparency, she told reporters on tuesday.
sitharaman added that the us congress is waiting for the new administration to settle down, and once that happens, the congressmen will play an important role in the coming out with the rules.
indian it sector, contributes 9.
3  to the countrys gdp, and employs of 3.
7 million people.
the uncertainty has led to drop in value, and fall in employment.
the us has introduced the lofgren bill, which proposes the minimum wages being doubled to $130,000.
the current h1-b minimum wage of $60,000 was fixed in 1989.
however, most h1-b visa holders get an average of $1,00,000, according to consultancy firm, greyhound research.
the government source added, the indian government has asked the visiting us lawmakers to keep the indian it firms contribution in mind while the new government is reassessing its policy on immigration.
to hold further discussions in the matter, a nasscom delegation from india, will visit the us for a week-long trip.
indiaupdated: sep 18, 2019 13:26 istunion law minister ravishankarprasad prasad called for reflection on the idea of constitutional nationalism while pointing out that the spirit of india through its culture and heritage was purposefully captured in indias original constitution by way of illustrations of indian gods and rulers.
speaking at the hindustan purvoday summit in ranchi, jharkhand, prasad invited the audience to look at the illustrations in a copy of the original constitution, he had brought along.
there is lot of talk of constitutional nationalism in the country these days and many pledge their faith in it, he said and added that the then prime minister jawaharlal nehru along with other prominent leaders like patel, ambedkar, maulana azad decided to ingrain indian culture and heritage in the newly drafted constitution before it was presented to the parliament.
nand lal bose, a famous painter was tasked with the job.
i have come here with a copy of the original constitution on hindustans platform and i request them (the publication) to start a debate on the issue, prasad said.
on the issue of elementary rights, you see a picture of lord rama returning to ayodhya with goddess sita and laxmana, this on the page for elementary rights, he said and flipped a few more pages to bring out a few more illustrations.
an illustration of lord krishna delivering geeta to arjuna is also there, it has pictures of buddha, mahavir, kabir, queen of jhansi, tipu sultan and lord hanumana, prasad said, adding, akbar is there but there is no babur or aurangzeb in this copy signed by all the members of the constituent assembly.
prasad said that those who talk of constitutional nationalism must also try and grasp the basic spirit of the constitution.
if the constitution was made today and an attempt was made to include these illustrations, it would have led to an uproar, he said before concluding that people had digressed from the point over the years and that india will not develop without respecting its traditions.
even as the aadhaar enrolment touched 111 crore on republic day, the total savings by the central and state exchequers by deploying it stood at rs 36,144 crore in two years, it minister ravishankarprasad prasad said here on friday.
the chunk of the savings came from the governments pahal scheme for cooking gas cylinders where money is deposited directly in the consumers accounts which are linked with aadhaar.
in 2014-15, the government saved rs 14,672 crore, and in 2015-16, rs 6,912 crore on account of pahal scheme.
aadhaar generation has crossed the 111+ crore mark.
its a great achievement towards inclusion of everyone into national development fabric.
it has come a long way in less than six and a half years of its journey from being a unique identification programme to transform itself into a critical development tool of public-centric good governance and targeted delivery of services, benefits and subsidies, the minister said.
aadhaar enrolment ecosystem with 135 registrars and 612 enrolment agencies working at 47,192 enrolment stations has been enrolling and updating 7-8 lakh requests per day, prasad said.
aadhaar generation as on may 31, 2014 was 63.
22 crore with a per day enrolment and update trend of about 3-4 lakh which remained around 5-6 lakh per day till october 2016.
however, since demonetisation the aadhaar enrolment and update requests are in the range of 7-8 lakh per day, he added.
dispelling apprehensions on privacy and data security, prasad said: the government is vigilant towards privacy protection and database security which is our paramount concern.
we have aadhaar act 2016 which has strict provisions for protection of data and privacy.
as of now, more than 47 crore bank accounts have been seeded with aadhaar number out of which 38.
5 crore are uniquely seeded.
the present rate of aadhaar linking to bank accounts is around 1.
8 crore per month which was about 60 lakh per month prior to demonetisation.
post demonetization, from nov 9, 2016 till jan 15 over 8.
39 crore aadhaar enabled payment system (aeps) transactions have happened in the field, of which over 3.
73 crore transactions took place in december 2016 and 2.
06 crore transactions in first 15 days of january 2017.
earlier aeps transactions were about 2.
57 crore and 2.
69 crore in october and november 2016 respectively.
sporadic incidents of violence marred the last phase of national elections in bihar as eight out of the states 40 lok sabha seats went to the polls on sunday.
according to the election commissions voter turnout app, a 53.
36  turnoutwas recorded in the state.
a mob threw stones at police over alleged inaction in checking bogus voting at two booths in ara, where union minister r k singh of the bharatiya janata party was up against communist party of india (marxistleninist)s raju yadav.
son of rashtriya janata dal supremo lalu prasad yadav, tej pratap yadavs guards reportedly thrashed a photojournalist ranjan rahi.
in turn, the rjd leader accused the photojournalist of breaking his vehicles windshield and lodged a police complaint against him for allegedly trying to attack him.
additional director general of police kundan krishnan said the police had to fire to disperse a mob trying to cast bogus votes in paliganj under the patliputra seat.
we cannot allow assembly of a large number of people near a polling booth.
security personnel of the bihar military police fired in the air on seeing the mob advancing towards the booth.
.
.
a mob damaged block development officer ranjan kumar nigams vehicle in nalanda as he was persuading a group of voters, boycotting the polls over lack of civic facilities, to vote.
in patna rural, police superintendent sanjay kumar singh directed rjd legislator ramanand yadav to stay indoors after he allegedly tried to woo voters.
he was cautioned that he would be arrested if he did not comply with the orders.
the legislator dismissed the allegation, saying he was stopped and threatened with arrest if he did not stay home.
he accused the administration of working in favour of the bjp-led national democratic alliance.
yadav said he would urge the ec to take action.
in another incident, a belligerent mob attacked the sector magistrate at bikramganj village in karakat parliamentary constituency.
the mob also damaged some spare evms which the sector party was carrying, said krishnan.
rld leader tejashwi prasad yadavs voter slip was found to have photograph of another individual.
he was in delhi, though, and did not vote, said rjd lawmaker bhola yadav.
patna district magistrate kumar ravi said the slip seemed to have an old photograph of tejashwi yadav.
we are trying to verify it.
we had specifically asked our returning officers to prepare a list of all high-profile voters and ensure that there was no anomaly.
i have sought a report.
.
, said bihars chief electoral officer, h r srinivasa.
union ministers ravishankarprasad prasad (patna sahib), ram kripal yadav (pataliputra), ashwani kumar choubey (buxar) and r k singh (arrah) were among the 157 candidates in the fray on sunday.
standing against prasad was shatrugan sinha, who contested on a congress ticket, after having won the seat in 2009 and 2014 on a bjp ticket.
of the eight parliamentary constituencies that go to polls on may 19 in bihar, all eyes will be on four of them where union ministers will face a tough battle to retain their seats.
the remaining 32 seats in the state have polled over the previous six phases of the ongoing general elections.
law minister ravishankarprasad prasad, minister of state for rural development ram kripal yadav, minister of state for health and family welfare ashwani choubey and minister of state (independent charge) for power raj kumar singh will contest from patna sahib, pataliputra, buxar and arrah.
these seats are crucial for the national democratic alliance (nda), as it had won all of them in the last general election in 2014  the alliance had won 26 out of 40 seats.
follow live updates herelalu prasads rashtriya janata dal, which won 18 out of 48 assembly constituencies falling within these eight lok sabha seats with the help of its allies, in the 2015 assembly elections, will attempt to stop the bjps juggernaut.
ravi shankar prasad is pitted against former bjp leader and sitting member of parliament shatrughan sinha, who moved to the congress ticket shortly before the elections.
patna sahib has been a bjp stronghold for more than two decades, with shatrughan sinha, representing the seat twice from 2009.
this is prasads debut election  he has been a bjp rajya sabha mp since 2012.
ram kripal yadav will contest against rjd leader lalu prasads daughter and rajya sabha mp misa bharti at patliputra.
ashok kumar azad chandervanshi of the hindustani awam morcha (secular)  part of the grand alliance of congress, rjd and rashtriya lok samta party in the state  will fight incumbent kaushalendra kumar of the jd (u) in cm nitish kumars home turf of nalanda.
rashtriya lok samata party chief upendra kushwaha, who walked out of the nda recently, will contest mahabali singh of jd (u) in karakat.
former speaker meira kumar, daughter of late jagjiwan ram, will contest from sasaram.
there have been many occasions when the fissiparous tendencies of indian political parties and their members willingness to abandon loyalties and adjust principles have made me wonder whether the party system can survive in indian democracy.
in britain over the last month i have witnessed strains in british democracy, which amount to a civil war within the two main parties, labour and conservative, over the arrangements to be made for leaving europe.
the conservative foreign minister boris johnson has written a newspaper article telling the conservative prime minister theresa may her plan for exiting from europe is crazy.
but she has so little control over the war, which has spread to her cabinet, that she didnt feel secure enough to take any action over this open flouting of her authority.
there are revolts too against the labour party leader jeremy corbyn.
both parties are divided on the issue of whether britain should retain a customs link with europe.
may wants a link but her opponents say that would be a denial of the peoples voice, which they maintain spoke for a total break with europe.
now the very validity of the brexit vote is being challenged on two fronts.
new evidence released by the us congress suggests that adverts targeted at british facebook users paid for in russian roubles by the irish republican army, the ira, were released in the run-up to the referendum.
the british electoral commission has also found the accounts of the leave eu campaign reveal it was guilty of multiple breaches of the electoral law, the commission has referred its chief executive to the police.
these two question marks hanging over the british referendum lead me back to indian politics.
the information technology minister ravishankarprasad prasad has warned that india too could face problems similar to britains problem with facebook, which would undermine indian elections and issued this threat: in the wake of recent data theft from facebook let my warning be heard across the atlantic far away in california.
any covert or overt attempt to misuse social media, including facebook, to influence indias electoral processes through undesirable means will neither be tolerated nor permitted.
but is ravishankarprasad prasad overestimating his power to reach across oceans?
personal experience suggests he is having difficulty in controlling what is happening in his own backyard.
social media are most frequently misused by posting fake news.
for several years now two fake despatches, purported to have been written by me have been appearing and still are appearing in e-mail in-boxes.
one despatch is an offensive attack on sonia gandhi and the other is an over-the-top endorsement of narendra modi.
when he was information and broadcasting minister venkaiah naidu rang me to ask whether i had written the modi despatch.
i denied it and complained that although i had made several representations to the government there was no evidence of any action having been taken.
the minister replied: we are having a problem with fake news too.
pratik sinha of the anti-propaganda site alt news has told me that the government has taken no action against fake news beyond putting out a circular, which was seen as threatening journalists.
alt news has documented 13 examples of fake news relating to the karnataka election.
amit malviya, head of the bjp its cell admitted there was an impression that political parties put out fake news but he maintained his party did not falsify news.
when i asked him why then there was so much fake news on social media he replied: there are enough statutes to prevent this.
there is a need for better enforcement, and a higher level of awareness and responsibility.
whatever the need, there is no doubt that fake news has been undermining the fairness of both india and britains electoral processes.
as for the fraudulent accounting in the british referendum, it is estimated contestants in the karnataka elections spent rs 10,000 crore.
how many crore were accounted for?
indiaupdated: sep 18, 2019 12:44 istunion law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said it took 70 years for indian government to show its strength under prime minister narendra modi and nullify article 370 that gave special status to jammu and kashmir.
delivering the opening address at purvoday hindustan, an event organized by popular hindi daily hindustan in jharkhands capital ranchi on wednesday, prasad said indias first home minister sardar vallabhbhai patel had left the job of dealing with article 370 to a future government that had the required strength and the guts for taking the monumental step.
prasad said article 370 had not been beneficial in any way and detailed how jammu and kashmir had lost out over the years due to the provision.
42,000 thousand people have been killed, kashmiri pandits were thrown out and raped, gurjars, bakarwals, gaddis didnt get any reservation in jobs or education.
prevention of corruption act, right to education, right to information act, law prohibiting child marriages didnt apply to the state, prasad said.
he said, the historic decision to abrogate article 370 was possible only by a determined narendra modi government and went on to quote sardar patels views on the introduction of contentious provision in the indian constitution.
also watch: country with modi govt on article 370 abrogation: ravishankarprasad prasadpatel said, the future will depend upon the strength and guts of indian government, if we cannot have confidence in our strength then we do not deserve to exist as a nation, prasad read out a quote from patels biography written by his secretary v shankar to illustrate the point and added that narendra modi had to demonstrate that strength after 70 years.
the minister suggested the winds of change were blowing in jammu and kashmir but some people failed to see it.
29,000 kashmiri youth are joining the army and shouting bharat mata ki jai slogans, he said.
the law minister also added that the first prime minister jawaharlal nehru was in part to blame for kashmirs problems.
only one of those provinces - the state of kashmirwas handled by pandit jawahar lal nehru and it is giving us problems till date, prasad said.
throwing light on the secrecy before the resolution to confirm abrogation of article 370 was introduced in the parliament on august 5, prasad said, we were apprehensive that if the decision to abrogate the article came out in the open then media will raise several questions and some others will not allow the parliament to function.
prasad also said people were incorrectly deducing from the supreme courts remarks on the situation in jammu and kashmir that the state high court was not functioning.
the cases are being heard in jammu and kashmir high court, there is a lot of work going on there, but fewer lawyers are turning up at the court, some are associated with the separatist leadership in the state.
prasad issued a clarification.
questions were raised in the rajya sabha on monday as to whether a minister can take up part-time work.
raising the issue without naming navjot singh sidhu, samajwadi party member naresh agrawal said there is a discussion in the media about a case in punjab.
sidhu, cricketer-turned-politician, has been insisting on continuing to appear in the tv show even after becoming a minister in capt amarinder singh-led congress government in punjab.
also read | when sidhu went for thanksgiving to amritsar: from riding a bullet to dancing the bhangraagrawal also alleged that union finance minister arun jaitley and law minister ravishankarprasad prasad are noted lawyers and they too charge hefty amounts for providing legal advice.
deputy speaker pj kurien, who was in the chair, said there was no evidence to back the claim and was a mere allegation.
however, agrawal kept insisting that the matter was serious, after which the minister of state for parliamentary affairs, mukhtar abbas naqvi, said the sp members claims were factually wrong.
congress member rajeev shukla raised a question as to whether retired judges should give their opinions or arbitration.
union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad indicated on thursday that there will be no rethink on the governments move to make instant triple talaq a criminal offence, saying that some degree of deterrence is inherent when you reform these social ills.
the government has introduced a bill in the lok sabha that proposes to make the practice an offence punishable with imprisonment for up to three years with a fine.
the legislation was passed by the 16th lok sabha but it lapsed in the rajya sabha amid protests by the congress and other opposition parties.
in an interview to hindustan times, prasad said: let us take this argument about not making triple talaq a criminal offence.
how will it work?
the man will torture his wife with triple tlaq, she will go to police station, and the husband will be called and released on bail because the offence is bailable and he will tell his wife get lost.
the law minister said that all bodies that are supposed to be societal leaders of have failed to address the issue.
for the congress party, led by a distinguished woman leader, to be ambiguous on issue of triple talaq is shocking to say the least, he added.
on being asked how the government planned to pass the bill without a majority in the upper house, prasad said: leave that to us.
bjp president amit shah on monday listed the steps taken by the narendra modi-led nda government to what he said brought india on the world stage and tackled several domestic issues plaguing the country.
amit shah was speaking at the event to release the bjps manifesto or sankalp patra just two days ahead of the lok sabha election 2019.
prime minister modi, union ministers rajnath singh and sushma swaraj were among those present at the launch of the manifesto at the partys headquarters in new delhi.
the last five years from 2014 to 2019 were golden years for india.
it was for the first time after 30 years that a full majority government came.
despite a majority, we formed the nda government, amit shah said.
watch: nationalism, farmers, youth- focus of bjps 75-point manifestothere was a time india did not matter in front of the world and in the last five years, the entire world has taken cognisance of us, he said.
in five years, the government led by prime minister narendra modi has taken 50 major decisions for the betterment of the country and transformed the country, amit shah said.
the bjps manifesto was prepared after consulting six crore people.
when we came to power in 2014, our country was ranked as the 11th major economy and today, it stands as the fifth major economy, shah said.
we are going forward with 75 resolutions that we can fulfil by the year 2022 when india completes 75 years of independence, he added.
the ruling party focussed on pension schemes for small and marginal farmers and rashtriya vyapari ayog for the trading community, days after the congress vowed to bring about several welfare measures, including a grant of rs 72,000 to the poorest 20  households in the country, if voted to power.
the party also reiterated its promise of building the ram mandir made in the last elections, saying the temple will be built as soon as possible in a harmonious environment.
union home minister rajnath singh-led manifesto committee of the bjp had decided to form 15 sub-panels to reach out to the different group of voters in january this year.
the 20-member manifesto committee included union ministers arun jaitley, ravishankarprasad prasad, nirmala sitharaman, thaawarchand gehlot, piyush goyal, and mukhtar abbas naqvi.
it also has former madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan, bihars deputy chief minister sushil modi, his uttar pradesh counterpart, keshav prasad maurya, among its members.
polling will be held in seven phases across the country from april 11 to may 19.
the results will be declared on may 23.
the government and the election commission seem headed for a confrontation over funds for the purchase of devices that leave a paper trail of votes cast on an electronic machine.
sources in the government said on monday the delay in release of money was a logistic holdup, even as the poll panel complained its request for funds to buy voter-verifiable paper audit trail (vvpat) machines had remained unheeded.
the confrontation comes at a time when opposition parties are demanding the poll panel go back to paper ballot and discontinue the use of electronic voting machines (evms), alleging the devices can be tampered with.
both the government and election commission have denied the charge and said evms were completely safe.
the law ministry released more than rs 700 crore in the last two years for the purchase of evms and vvpats, an official said on condition of anonymity.
funds for vvpats, which are attached to evms, were not released in one go because the implementation was meant to take place in a phased manner, the official said.
ec sources countered the claim, saying the poll panel received only rs 1,940 crore for the purchase of evms and not rs 3,174 crore it had sought for vvpats.
the supreme courts 2003 ruling spoke of implementing the vvpats in a phased manner, accordingly money was disbursed, the source said.
but, the ec later decided to use only paper-trail machines for the 2019 general election, so the government had to rework the funding plan.
the government was responding to the ecs allegations that the law ministry had ignored its repeated reminders for release of funds for vvpat machines as directed by the court.
the machine allows a voter to see the name and symbol of the candidate voted for before the paper slip drops into a box attached to the device.
the law ministry released rs 363.
60 crore in 2015-16 and rs 425.
35 crore a year later.
the cabinet had also approved release of rs 1,009 crore for the purchase of new evms to replace the ageing machines, sources said.
introduced in 1998 in some part of the country, evms fast-tracked indias poll process.
counting that used to take days is now a matter of hours.
the 2004 poll was the first general election in which evms, manufactured by government-owned bharat heavy electricals and electronic corporation of india, were used.
these machines have a life span of around 15 years.
the supreme court has asked the poll panel to use only vvpats for the next lok sabha election.
during a recent hearing, it asked the government and the poll panel to spell out the timeframe for switch to the paper-trail system.
the poll panel told the court around 1.
6 million machines would be needed for the 2019 election and these could be commissioned in 30 months from the date of release of funds, keeping in mind the capacity of the two firms.
while law minister ravishankarprasad prasad declined comment on the issue of funds, he welcomed the ecs decision to invite people to try and hack the evms.slamming the opposition, he said when they won elections, no questions were asked but when the verdict favoured the bjp, doubts were being cast over the efficacy of evms.this logic is not just flawed but emanates from gross failure to seriously introspect the cause of defeat and is an insult to popular verdict, the minister said.
indiaupdated: jul 30, 2019 13:59 istnda ally janata dal (united) staged a walkout in rajya sabha on tuesday during a discussion on the contentious triple talaq bill, which criminalises instant divorce by muslim men.
the walkout is expected to bring down the majority mark, making it easier for the government to push through the bill in the rajya sabhabefore walking out, jd (u) member bashishtha narain singh said that his party followed the ideology of leaders like mahatma gandhi, ram manohar lohia and jayaprakash narayan and it opposed the bill.
hum iss ka bahishkar karte hain, he said.
union minister ravishankarprasad prasad earlier introduced the contentious triple talaq bill, which criminalises instant divorce by muslim men, for consideration and passage by rajya sabha saying it was a matter of equality.
this is a matter of gender justice, dignity and equality, the law minister said while tabling the bill that has been already cleared by the lok sabha by a voice vote amidst a walkout by the opposition parties.
the ruling bjp, the opposition congress and the trinamool congress earlier issued whips to their members to be present in the house today.
follow live updates herethe bill was passed by the 16th lok sabha but could not pass the rajya sabha hurdle then.
the bill, which seeks jail term for the guilty, was the first draft legislation tabled by the narendra modi government in this first session after it took oath of office for a second term in may.
several opposition parties have bitterly opposed it but the government has asserted that the bill is a step towards gender equality and justice.
parties like the congress, the trinamool congress and the dmk have demanded that it be sent to a parliamentary committee for scrutiny.
while bjp allies such as jd(u) has expressed reservations about the billmost opposition parties have opposed the bill but the events that unfolded during the passage of the rti amendment bill have made senior leaders unsure about the actual strength of the opposition in the rajya sabha.
the rti bill was the first example of ndas superior floor management skills as it steered the bill through the upper house where it is in minority.
the opposition seems to have lost its momentum following the ndas success in passing the rti bill and also defeating the opposition in a vote on whether the legislation requires to be referred to a select committee of the house.
indiaupdated: aug 17, 2019 17:24 istunion law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said on saturday that article 370, which gave special status to jammu and kashmir, had become a platform to shield terrorists and their patrons.
the governments decision on article 370 was taken in the interest of the nation as well as the common people of jammu and kashmir, prasad told reporters on the sidelines of the inauguration of the 17th all india meet of state legal services authorities in nagpur, maharashtra.
we should understand that it was a temporary provision and removed in the interest of the country, prasad said.
we always strive for protection of the country and for the people of jammu and kashmir.
we want jammu and kashmir to progress.
the centre had on august 5 announced abrogation of provisions of article 370 and decided to bifurcate the state into union territories -- jammu and kashmir, and ladakh -- hours after kashmir was placed under a total clampdown.
article 370 had become a platform to shield terrorists and their patrons, but we finished this.
it is for the development of kashmir, prasad said.
the prevention of corruption act, prohibition of child marriage act and law to stop manual scavenging were not applicable there.
which kashmir was this?
the minister asked.
prasad said the administration in the state would take a call on further measures after taking into account the situation.
on a query over pakistan prime minister imran khans statement that india is preparing for a balakot-like strike in pakistan-occupied kashmir, prasad said: we dont have to take notice of what they are saying.
but a strong reply will be given if any action is taken by pakistan.
under the leadership of (prime minister) narendra modi, india is alert about its protection and appropriate reply will given to any terror activities, he added.
non-resident indian (nri) men who wed in the country will have to compulsorily register their marriages within a week and update their marital status on their passports, central government officials said.
the decision by an inter-ministerial panel on wednesday is an attempt to prevent nri husbands abandoning their wives.
failure to update their marital status on passports can result in the document getting revoked, one of four officials said on condition of anonymity .
the group of ministers decided that necessary amendments will have to be made in the passport act to incorporate the changes, one of the officials added.
the panel was set up last year to review the legal and regulatory challenges faced by women deserted by nri husbands.
it comprises several ministers, including external affairs minister sushma swaraj, home minister rajnath singh, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad, women and child development (wcd) minister maneka gandhi.
swaraj, singh, prasad and gandhi attended a meeting of the panel on wednesday.
the panel decided to make it mandatory for nris to register their marriages with registrars.
the law ministry has agreed to incorporate the necessary clause by amending the registration of births and deaths act, 1969, a second official said.
currently, only a handful of states, including punjab, which was the first to formulate such guidelines, make registration of nri marriages compulsory.
after wednesdays meeting, the law, home and external affairs ministries were asked to come up with draft legal amendments to give effect to decisions taken at the meeting.
the amendments will then go to the cabinet for approval, a third official said.
the panel could not arrive at a consensus on a proposal to attach the property of nris who desert their wives and fail to respond to repeated summons, the second official cited above said.
swaraj and gandhi had suggested that in case an nri who abandons his wife does not own any property, his share of parental property be seized, a fourth official said.
law ministry officials present in the meeting said the proposal to attach property is legally not tenable.
the ministerial panel has directed the law ministry to revisit the proposal and suggest what could be done within a week, said the fourth official.
the panel also decided to allow the ministry of external affairs to put up summons issued to nri men who have not responded to earlier summons on its website.
such notices are to be deemed to have been served.
the union home ministry has already agreed to amend the code of criminal procedure that will allow notification of summons put up on the website of the ministry of external affairs to be deemed to have been served.
the current practice is that once a woman lodges a complaint, the police write to embassies, which sends a summons notice.
but such summons hardly get served as the nri usually moves to a new place or provides an incorrect address.
the panel was set up after a sharp increase in the number of nri men deserting their wives after marrying them in india.
on december 21, minister of state for external affairs vk singh told parliament that indian missions abroad received 3,328 complaints from indian women about marital disputes with their nri spouses since 2015.
of this, 3,268 were addressed by providing counselling to the women, and guidance and information about procedures to address the complaints.
the complaints ranged from grooms disappearing soon after marrying women in india to husbands preventing their wives from travelling to india after seizing their passports; from husbands who abandoned their wives in another country to those who had sent their wives back home but were not giving up the custody of their children.
in comparison, the national commission for women, an autonomous body under the wcd ministry, recorded 346 complaints from women married to nris in 2014 (the latest year for which figures are available).
however, wcd ministry officials conceded that this figure does not reflect the real situation because few women come forward to lodge complaints.
these measures are good and long overdue.
but it will only help future cases.
what about the large number of women who have already been deserted by nri men?
is the government thinking of some measures to help them too?
we as a society have to take care of them also, said arvind kumar goel, retired judge and former chairman of punjabs state commission for nris.
union minister ravishankarprasad prasad on sunday dismissed the reports of a downturn in the indian it sector as completely wrong and said a good number of people will get jobs in the current fiscal.
noting that the it industry worth rs 9 lakh crore today employs about 40 lakh people directly and 1.
4 crore indirectly, the it minister said firms like tcs and infosys have said they would recruit thousands of professionals in the current fiscal.
coming to the it sector, a lot of things being told about downturn.
it is completely wrong.
i want to deny it, the minister said.
the ministers statement comes against the backdrop of media reports that it firms in india were in the midst of the industrys largest retrenchment drive due to us president donald trumps protectionist policies.
coming to the it sector, a lot of things being told about downturn.
it is completely wrong.
i want to deny it.
the export of indian it companies outside is close to rs 7.
4 lakh crore.
and the stpi (software technology parks of india) helping entrepreneurs to export (services) worth about rs 3.
5 lakh crore, he told a press conference in kochi.
he said 6 lakh appointments have taken place in the last three years of the narendra modi-led government.
i asked chandrasekaran, the chairman of tata sons.
.
.
he has said tcs alone has appointed 2.
5 lakh it professionals in the last three years.
and they are going to appoint 20,000 new graduates in 2017-18, the minister said.
prasad said he also met recently infosys coo pravin rao, who too completely dismissed the media reports on massive jobs cut.
rao said last year infosys appointed 20,000 people and this year they are going to appoint 20,000 more, he said.
prasad claimed that retrenchment of 100-200 people had happened in the sector on performance ground.
the minister said the indian digital economy was going to become $1 trillion in the coming 5 to 7 years.
men should be encouraged to study home science in college and hone their culinary skills, while women should be motivated to take up physical education, especially martial arts, as an effort to banish gender bias from society.
the suggestion was made on thursday by external affairs minister sushma swaraj at the group of ministers (gom) meeting to review the national policy for women.
the policy, which is being revised for the first time in 16 years, will address current and emerging challenges involving women, especially issues related to their health, education and employment.
one of the top woman politicians in the country, swaraj heads the gom.
she told the meeting that encouraging men to study home science will help break the traditional mindset about women.
in this way, men can also contribute to making womens life better.
swaraj said though men and women are working, the workload on women is far more, said a government source.
for someone who had juggled politics, high office and family duties with finesse, her suggestion gave perspective to a growing call to shut out the age-old stereotypical role women are restricted to.
the gom has 11 members, including commerce minister nirmala sitharaman, it minister ravishankarprasad prasad, urban development minister venkaiah naidu, wcd minister maneka gandhi among others.
naidu, also present in the second meeting of the gom, rooted for reservation for women in educational institutions.
this will help women get better opportunities, naidu said.
he also recommended that women starting business should be given more loans, a source said.
another interesting suggestion came from prasad who said women under-trials, accused of non-heinous crimes, and if convicted, should be released once they have served one third of their time.
commerce minister nirmala sitharaman wanted women under-trials to be put up in special homes.
the wcd ministry, which is anchoring the policy, will go through the suggestions made by the gom before deciding what all to incorporate.
the ministry is also crowdsourcing innovative ideas from citizens to make the policy more contemporary.
for the first time, the draft policy has also addressed issues related to single women and widows.
chief justice js khehar has constituted a special committee to suggest ways to ensure uniformity in the selection of judges for all lower courts, which have over 4,000 vacancies.
though the decision to streamline appointments in the subordinate judiciary was taken on the administrative side, justice khehar announced it after a senior advocate requested him to list a pil dealing with the issue on wednesday.
the advocate, vijay hansaria, informed the bench that the top court has been monitoring the process for years  nudging the high courts to adopt a uniform procedure.
the case in hand was heard last july.
i want to share a secret.
we have formed a panel that will give its report within 15 days.
wait till then.
if that does not happen, you can mention it again, the chief justice told hansaria.
the countrys subordinate judiciary is being weighed in by over two crore cases.
law ministry data has suggested that while 41  of these cases are less than two years old, over 10  have been languishing before various lower courts for more than a decade.
justice khehars move to set up the panel comes close on the heels of law minister ravishankarprasad prasad questioning the judiciary over its inaction in filling up trial court vacancies.
prasad had gone on the offensive after former chief justice ts thakur criticised the government for sitting on recommendations to appoint high court judges.
the posts of over 4,000 subordinate judges are lying vacant.
why are they not being filled up?
neither the centre nor the state governments have any role to play in this because they have to be filled by the respective high courts on their own accord or through the public service commission, the law minister said.
the committee will deal with issues such as fixing the dates for floating advertisements, conducting examinations and interviews, and issuance of appointment letters.
hansaria, who has been assisting the court on the pending pil, said he was hopeful of a concrete decision from the administration.
however, the same has to be incorporated on the judicial side, so high courts are made to follow it, he told ht.
the advocate said there hasnt been a major improvement in the situation despite the top court issuing several directives in his case.
the bjp on tuesday hit back at congress president rahul gandhi for his speech in bahrain, critical of the indian government , terming it irresponsible and saying that it was the congress that spread hatred in the country for the longest period.
addressing non resident indians at a meeting of global organisation of people of indian origin (gopio) at manama in bahrain on monday, gandhi blamed the bjp-led national democratic alliance government for dividing people on the basis of caste and religion and alleged that it was converting the anger of jobless youth into hatred between communities.
gandhi said the conversation in india was not about jobs, healthcare, or education; but what you are allowed to eat, who is allowed to protest, and what we can say or rather what we cannot say.
taking exception to gandhis criticism of india on foreign soil, union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said in a briefing at the bjp hq in the capital that it was expected of the congress chief that he would not harp on political differences and spread hatred in a foreign country as he did in india.
the bjp strongly condemns rahul gandhis irresponsible utterances.
.
.
.
he is spreading hatred among people, prasad added.
he referred to the triple talaq bill, whose passage the congress had stalled in the rajya sabha and accused the congress of failing to take a stand on an issue of womans respect and justice.
the congress didnt facilitate the passage of the bill, which criminalises the practice of instant divorce among muslims.
it maintains that it supports the bill but wants specific provisions discussed by a committee of parliamentarians.
in his speech, gandhi claimed job creation in india was at an eight-year low.
the congress leader added that new investments are the lowest they have been in 13 years, bank credit growth has sunk to a 63 year low and arbitrary decisions such as last years demonetisation had dealt a crippling blow to indias overall growth.
.
.
instead of focusing the attention of our people on what is critical, the removal of poverty, job creation and the building of a world class education system, we see instead a rise in the forces of hatred and division, he said.
indiaupdated: aug 17, 2019 08:09 istthe government is working on an economic plan that will provide an immediate boost to tackle the current crisis of growth; and medium-term and long-term blueprints to make india a $5 trillion economy by 2024-25 and a $10 trillion one by 2032, two government officials aware of the development said.
the finance ministry is compiling inputs from different ministries, with the ultimate aim of accelerating growth and creating jobs, and these will be discussed by the high-level committees headed by prime minister narendra modi, the officials who work for two different economic ministries said on condition of anonymity.
on june 6, the government created two new cabinet committees under the chairmanship of prime minister -- the cabinet committee on investment & growth, and the cabinet committee on employment & skill development.
economic growth has slowed every quarter since the first quarter of 2018-19.
the reserve bank of india recently downgraded its growth estimate for the year to 6.
9  from 7 .
the real estate and construction sectors remain in the doldrums; car sales have declined for nine straight months, with demand for new cars in july around 30  lower from a year ago; and the crisis in shadow banking, a result of the meltdown at il&fs and later dhfl, hasnt fully passed.
also watch | pm on i-day: india can become $5 trillion economy in the next 5 yearsthe governments immediate objectives are to create demand and boost growth, the officials said.
there is enough liquidity in the banking system.
there is a need for banks to pass on the benefits of a lower interest regime to customers aspiring to buy vehicles, homes and white goods.
some policy or administrative directions in this regard is expected soon to boost consumer sentiment before the forthcoming festive season, one of the two officials said.
among the proposals on the table, he added, is one to temporarily slash goods and services tax (gst) on automobiles, which is currently in the highest slab of 28 .
the government is also working on an attractive package for scrapping of old vehicles to boost auto sales, he said.
the government may also make some institutional arrangement of funds to complete stalled projects and provide more tax incentives to homebuyers to spur demand in the sector, the officials said.
stimulus packages are also expected for labour-intensive sectors such as textile and those services that have the potential to create lots of jobs -- e-commerce, hospitality, tourism, telecom and information technology (it) -- the second official said.
the government is also keen on incentivising investments in the manufacture of hi-tech products, the second official added.
communications, electronics and it minister ravishankarprasad prasad is holding a meeting of stakeholders from the electronics industry on monday to discuss issues related to the sector.
top executives of multinational companies such as apple, samsung, lava, xiaomi, panasonic, lg electronics, dell and siemens are expected to attend the meeting.
the outcome of the meeting will be conveyed to the cabinet committees on investment and employment for policy considerations, the second official said.
prasad has already met stakeholders from the telecom industry.
while the immediate aim of the government is to revive demand, it is committed to make india a $5 trillion economy by 2024-25, a target articulated in pm modis independence day speech.
modi spoke about exports, a ~100 lakh crore investment in infrastructure, and a special focus on the rural economy, and micro, small and medium enterprises (msmes), and all of these will be reflected in the countrys economic policies, the officials said.
eventually the governments long-term vision is to make india a $10 trillion economy, the first official said.
confederation of indian industry (cii) director general chandrajit banerjee said the pms speech on independence day has boosted the morale of the industry.
at cii, we estimated that the economy needs roughly around ~450 lakh crore [of investment] in the next 5 years for moving to the 8-8.
5  growth trajectory.
in that, infrastructure itself would obviously be one of the largest areas of investment, given the massive infrastructure gaps that india has.
the pms statement of the country getting to that investment cycle is very heartening.
we believe that 55  of this has to come from public investments, he said.
union law and justice, electronics and information technology minister ravishankarprasad prasad said that the people of his constituency, patna sahib, had given prime minister narendra modi a decisive mandate that was in sync with the wave blowing across the state and the country.
prasad, a first-time lok sabha candidate of the bharatiya janata party, defeated shatrughan sinha, who moved to the congress after two successive wins, in 2009 and 2014, on a bjp ticket.
read more: i am not the only cong leader who is standing tall: capt amarinder singhspeaking to media persons, prasad said that the poll fight in patna sahib was one of hope versus opportunism.
he said, on one hand, there was hope that the country would progress and flourish under pm narendra modis leadership.
on the other hand, was an opportunistic alliance of [opposition] parties.
the minister added, the people of my constituency, like [in] the rest of the state and the country, always wanted modi to return to power and have given the bjp and the nda a decisive mandate.
terming the partys win historic, he said that the people had given the national democratic alliance a thumping mandate in bihar.
the bar council of india  the apex body of lawyers that regulates the legal profession  and a top confederation of law firms have both lodged protests with the ministry of law and justice over a recent move of the government to revoke a ban on foreign law firms in special economic zones.
what has irked lawyers is an amendment in the special economic rules governing sezs notified by the ministry of commerce and industries on january 3, 2017 that will allow multi-national law firms and possibly legal process outsourcers (lpos) to set up shop inside sezs.
earlier, legal services and accounting firms were excluded from the list of companies that could set up shop in sezs.
the bci will lodge a formal protest with the government next week while the society of indian law firms (silf) has already met law and justice minister ravishankarprasad prasad and objected to the development.
we will pass a formal resolution and lodge a protest.
there are repeated attempts by the government to undermine the bar council, bci president manan k mishra told ht.
silf has demanded withdrawal of the notification.
the ministry of law and justice has been working on evolving a formula to allow foreign firms into the country and opening up the legal sector but without irking indian lawyers.
it should not pave the way for unregulated and backdoor entry of foreign law firms.
we are for a rational and phased opening up of the sector and the first phase should be to liberalise the sector internally, silf president dr lalit bhasin said.
currently, rules do not allow law firms to advertise or have a website.
after already strained relations with the judiciary, over the scrapping of the national judicial appointments commission act in 2015 and the alleged slow pace of filling vacancies in the high courts and the supreme court, the government does not want to upset lawyers.
sources said the law ministry has asked the lawyers bodies to give a representation listing their concerns that it can take up with the ministry of commerce and industry.
the governments declared policy is that it wants to liberalise the sector but in face of the opposition from local lawyers, it is not being able to commit to a time frame drawing criticism internationally.
sarosh zaiwala, founder of london based law firm zaiwala and company who had met law ministry officials as part of a british delegation seeking opening up of the sector blamed the delay on a few high ups in the legal profession trying to monopolise it.
indian lawyers should shed this village mentalitythe delay is denting indias image internationally.
a group of bengali muslim intellectuals has launched a last minute drive to collect one lakh signatures from muslim women and men demanding abolition of triple talaq and polygamy with the objective of submitting them before the president and prime minister before the countrys apex court starts hearing on the legality of triple talaq, halala marriage and polygamy on may 11.
we have already collected about 55,000 signatures, most of them from muslim women.
well submit the signatures by may 9 and on may 10 well sit on a day-long dharna at jantar mantar.
we want the centre to strongly advocate abolition of these practices during the hearing in the court, said osman mallick, headmaster of a government-run high school in west bengal.
he had also filed a petition in supreme court last november.
read: muslim law board shows the door to woman member who opposed triple talaqincidentally, late last year a signature collection war broke out between all india muslim personal law board that launched a nationwide drive to collect signatures of people to save and protect shariat laws --- related to marriage, divorce and inheritance, while womens rights groups unleashed a counter-campaign.
during a recent visit to west bengal, union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said west bengal accounted for the second highest number of triple talaq victims.
last year, with tacit support from ruling trinamool congress leaders, kolkata also hosted the first major rally in the country by muslim religious leaders in support of continuing with the practices.
the signatures are being collected from various districts on behalf of a joint movement committee formed by several secular muslim organisations that have been campaigning for the rights of the muslim women and opposing religious fundamentalism.
the organisations include progressive muslim society, reformist muslim society and secular mission.
read: eye on muslim women vote, narendra modi gets combative on triple talaqour signature campaign is aimed at making the union government aware of what the muslim women want.
in a meeting recently held by the orthodox religio-social leadership from the community announced that muslim women campaigners like us are enemy of the community.
i would better be branded like that than being a dumb witness to the injustices against muslim women, said syed tanveer nasreen, a professor of womens studies at burdwan university and a prominent campaigner against patriarchy in muslim society.
the organisers of the last minute drive have planned to organise a dharna at jantar mantar just a day before the apex court begins final hearing on the issue.
(ht photo)a five-judge constitution bench is scheduled to finish the hearing on the legality of orally pronounced triple talaq, halala marriage and polygamy among muslims between may 11 and 19.
the case originated from petitions filed by some muslim women who sought abolition of these practices and argued they contradicted the fundamental rights ensured by the constitution.
read: triple talaq practice will be ended in less than two years, says muslim law board vpwhile all india muslim personal law board has opposed the idea, arguing that the practices have the sanction of the quran, the centre of have so far backed abolition of the practices.
according to kazi masum akhtar, headmaster of a government-run school in kolkata who had to be transferred from a government-run madrasa in the face of life threats from some muslim religious groups, the signature campaign has drawn more support that initially expected.
read: sister of triple talaq victim warns muslim clerics she will adopt hinduismpreviously, muslim women dared not speaking against these social evils but now, largely due to escalated campaign from the secular muslims who want reforms in the community, more and more women are speaking out, akhtar said.
the national democratic alliance (nda) government on thursday asked the supreme court collegium to reconsider its recommendation that uttarakhand chief justice km joseph be elevated to the top court, triggering accusations by political rivals and a section of the legal fraternity that it is undermining the independence of the judiciary.
it is also the latest potential flashpoint between the executive and the apex court.
judges to the supreme court are appointed by a panel of the courts top five judges who make up the collegium, which on thursday received an explanation from the government over why joseph should not be elevated.
the collegium now has the option to reiterate its choice or scrap the recommendation.
read : not elevating km joseph to sc exposes pm modis revenge politics: congressthe proposed appointment of justice km joseph at this stage does not appear to be appropriate.
it would also not be fair and justified to other more senior, suitable, and deserving chief justice and senior judges of various high courts, said law minister ravishankarprasad prasad in a letter to chief justice dipak misra.
the letter said the proposal that the collegium reconsider josephs name had the president and prime ministers approval.
in proposing the name of justice joseph, the government said, the collegium had not followed the principle of seniority.
in the all-india high court judges seniority list, justice joseph is placed at 42.
there are presently 11 chief justices who are senior to him, prasad wrote.
the government also listed regional representation and caste diversity as other reasons to return justice josephs name.
high courts of calcutta, rajasthan, gujarat, chhattisgarh, jharkhand, jammu and kashmir and uttrakahand and some smaller high courts are not represented in the supreme court, said the letter.
why govt sent back the sc proposal 1) principle of seniority not observed by the supreme court collegium.
in all-india seniority list of high court judges, justice joseph is placed at 42.
eleven chief justices of different high courts are senior to justice joseph.
2) justice josephs appointment to sc will take the number of judges in the top court from kerala to 2, which is disproportionate for a small state like kerala.
3) there is no sc/st judge in the supreme court.
4) other high courts  like calcutta, rajasthan, gujarat, jharkhand  are not represented in the supreme court.
late on wednesday, the government took the unusual step of clearing one appointment suggested by the collegium while holding back on that of joseph, both of which had been suggested in january.
the splitting of names  several judges are often appointed together to ensure they have seniority at par  has in the past sparked angry exchanges between the executive and the courts.
the name cleared was that of indu malhotra, a senior advocate who, when she is sworn in on friday, will become the first woman to be directly appointed to the supreme court from the bar.
a number of supreme court lawyers urged the top court to put on hold malhotras appointment and direct the government to clear josephs name  a request that was rejected by a bench led by the chief justice misra.
the bench said the government is within its right to send back a name for reconsideration.
we (the supreme court collegium) will deal with it in accordance with supreme court judgments and constitution, said the court.
supposing the government is sending it for reconsideration, it will be seen.
you are saying stay the warrant (of malhotras appointment).
it is unthinkable, unconscionable, unimaginable, and if i may add never heard before, said misra.
the petition, filed by senior lawyer indira jaising, said the appointments have now become a matter concerning the independence of judiciary.
jaising told the court that the government is stalling justice josephs appointment as a judge of the supreme court because as chief justice of uttarakhand high court he had quashed imposition of presidents rule in uttrakhand.
on thursday morning, the congress party accused prime minister narendra modi of suffocating the judiciary.
indian judiciary is in danger.
and if our judiciary is not united to protect its independence then democracy is in danger.
.
.
.
they want to pack high courts with their own people, senior congress leader kapil sibal said at a press conference.
the judiciary is under the most vicious attack ever and totalitarianism will stump democracy if the nation does not rise now, congress communications in-charge randeep surjewala alleged in a twitter post.
pm modis revenge politics qua judiciary and conspiratorial suffocation of supreme court exposed again, surjewala wrote said on twitter.
yet modi government refuses to clear his elevation to sc as retribution for quashing presidential rule in uttarakhand?
.
the law minister rejected the opposition partys allegation.
the congress party has no moral authority or stand to ask questions about dignity of the judiciary from us.
the whole record of congress party is littered with repeated instances as to how the judiciary of india was supposed to be compromised, prasad told news agency ani.
the bihar government has done a fresh categorization of vip security, right from the governor, cm to former cms and mlas, withdrawing security cover from six persons who have either moved out of the state or died.
the security review was done following the recommendations of the state security committee meeting, headed by home secretary amir subhani with police top brass a couple of days ago.
of the 32 vips provided security, there are four former cms; incarcerated lalu prasad, rabri devi, jagannath mishra and jitan ram manjhi.
while lalu prasad and rabri devi have got z-plus secutiy, manjhi has got z-category cover and mishra y-category.
mishra has also been convicted in the fodder scam case along with lalu, but is out of jail.
over 1,000 security personnel will be engaged in the security of the vips in the state.
bihar governor and chief minister are z-plus and advanced security liaison (asl) protectee.
apart from them, only lalu prasad and rabri devi have got z-plus security.
the central government had, in november 2017, completely withdrawn the nsg security cover provided to rjd chief and former chief minister lalu prasad.
his z-plus security was also downgraded.
the centre had then also withdrawn manjhis z-plus security cover.
after the latest review, six union and state ministers have also got z and y-category security.
they include ram vilas paswan, radha mohan singh and ravishankarprasad prasad (all union ministers), bihars deputy cm sushil kumar modi, water resources minister rajiv ranjan singh alias lalan singh and animal husbandry minister pashupati kumar paras.
besides, six mps, sharad yadav, shatrughan sinha, akhilesh prasad singh, vashisht narayan singh, nityanand rai and sushil kumar singh, have also got security of y and z-category security.
lalu prasads elder son tej pratap yadav, mla from mahua constituency, has got y-category security, while his younger son and leader of opposition tejaswhi prasad yadav has got y-plus security.
former speaker uday narayan choudhary and chief justice of the patna high court have got y-category security.
former lok sabha speaker meira kumar has been accorded y-plus security.
indiaupdated: sep 17, 2019 23:37 isthome minister amit shah, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad, jharkhand chief minister raghuvar das and deputy chief minister of bihar sushil kumar modi along with other regional politicians and achievers will come together in ranchi on wednesday to dwell on a roadmap for transforming the east and making its states, including jharkhand and bihar, the new engines of indian economy.
the one day brainstorming session, being organised under the banner of hindustan poorvoday, will also see these leaders exchange views on the eastern states, particularly, mineral-rich jharkhands present contributions to the indian economy and its potential to increase it manifolds in the near future.
the event will be inaugurated by the union minister for law and justice, communications and electronics and information technology, ravishankarprasad prasad at 10 am at the local radison blue hotel.
he will present his views on the economic opportunities and challenges for bihar and jharkhand.
home minister amit shah will make the valedictory address incorporating the growth roadmap for these states.
jharkhand chief minister raghuvar das will throw light on the contributions made by the state in indias overall development.
jharkhand congress chief dr. rameshwar oraon and former chief minister and jharkhand mukti morchas (jmm) working president hemant soren will present his views on the need to protect the natural resources--waters, jungles and the land-- of the state while pushing it along the developmental path.
the tribal societies of the eastern states and their needs and challenges will also be discussed.
the daylong event will also see achievers from different walks of the society, including sports, talk about the eastern states appetite to throw up sporting talent, who regularly shine on the national and the international stage.
the event will also see several ordinary men from jharkhand getting felicitated for their extraordinary deeds.
the sons of the soil to be honoured during the event include dilip ravidas, head of a panchayat in jharkhands hazaribagh district, whose efforts for water conservation won him praise by none other than prime minister narendra modi in his man ki baat radio address.
ravidas says prime ministers recognition for his campaign for water conservation has energised his entire village where the government buildings, schools and healthcare centres have been drawn into water conservation efforts under the guidance of government officials.
jharkhands garwah resident brajesh will be felicitated for scripting a success story out of horticulture against everyones advise.
his techniques, to be patented soon, have received praise from agriculture scientists and fellow farmers alike.
rameshwar from ormanjhi block in ranchi was the leader of a group of villagers, who pooled their resources and labour to construct a check dam to collect water flowing downhill.
rameshwar will also be awarded during the event.
national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) recognised farmer hema devi, a resident of deoghar district in jharkhand, who will also be felicitated for adopting modern farming techniques and later teaching fellow women how to successfully transform their lives by forming cooperatives.
ravidas, rameshwar, hema devi and brajesh will be joined by several others who will be recognised at the event for inspiring entire communities with their enterprise and never say die spirit.
stating that technical prowess of indias unique identification number is well accepted the world over, it minister ravishankarprasad prasad today asked global chip maker qualcomm to look at innovations around strengthening digital payments based on aadhaar.
can you come with an innovation of a chip which can become integral to aadhaar itself as far as determining verifiable digital identity is concerned.
aadhaars technical prowess is now well accepted.
.
.
the whole world is appreciating that, the minister told senior qualcomm executives at a conference here.
he said that a new payment system powered by aadhaar is on verge of finalisation.
we are just going to finalise the whole process very soon of an aadhaar enabled payment where, at a flick of your thumb, you can make digital payment.
can qualcomm think of supporting innovation in this field to make this new unique digital platform more flawless, he said.
the minister said that jan dhan accounts had been linked to aadhaar and to mobiles.
.
.
.
and we started sending out the entire subsidy directly to their bank accounts through mobile and we saved rs 36,000 crore which used to be pilfered by the middlemen, the minister said.
noting that india is at a cusp of a digital revolution, prasad said that initiatives like make in india, start up india, digital india, and smart cities were working in sync to make the country a technologically empowered society.
indians are creating ip, innovating, researching for big companies.
please given them a helping hand so they also innovate for india, create indian patents, design it for indian conditions.
maybe you will see evolution of indian qualcomm company.
that is what indians are capable of, the minister said.
the income tax department has issued summonses to rjd chief lalu prasads mp daughter misa bharti and her husband in connection with its probe in rs 1,000 crore alleged benami land deals and a tax evasion case.
the development followed the arrest of chartered accountant rajesh kumar agrawal by the enforcement directorate on may 22.
agrawal is alleged to have aided in illegal transactions involving lalus kin.
officials said the department has asked bharti, a rajya sabha member, and her husband shailesh kumar to appear before the investigating officer (io) here in the first week of june.
the department had on may 16 searched multiple premises of about two dozen entities connected to this case and seized documents and computer hardware.
they said the summonses to bharti and kumar are part of the investigation and their statements will be recorded.
the couple are alleged to have links with a firm-- ms mishail packers and printers private limited-- which is suspected to have entered into benami deals for purchase of a farm house in delhis bijwasan area.
certain other property deals are also under the scanner of the taxman, they said.
read more | after raids, lalu says he wont be cowed down as bjp decries politics of looti-t department officials had said they will apply provisions of the newly enacted benami transactions act, 1988, which became operational from november 1 last year, in this case.
the law provides for a maximum punishment of seven years in jail and a fine.
the action under this new law will be over and above the legal proceedings under the income tax act, 1961, which relates to charges of domestic tax evasion.
tax department officials had said lalus kin held some of the properties under their scanner in a benami way.
benami properties are those in which the real beneficiary is not the one in whose name the property has been purchased.
the rjd chief, however, sought to put up a brave face after the raids, saying he was not scared at all and will continue to fight against fascist forces.
bjp mein himmat nahi hai ki lalu ki awaz ko daba sake.
.
.
lalu ki awaz dabayenge to desh bhar me karoron lalu khare ho jayenge.
.
.
main gidarbhabhki se nahi darne wala hoon (bjp does not have the courage to stifle my voice.
.
.
if it tries to silence one lalu, crores of lalu will come forward.
i am not scared of empty threats), he had said in a series of tweets after the search operation.
the bjp had also accused prasad, bharti and his two sons tejashwi and tej pratap, both bihar government ministers, of being involved in corrupt land deals worth over rs 1,000 crore, and asked the central government to probe one such transaction in delhi.
union minister ravishankarprasad prasad had alleged that these transactions were a case of quid pro quo, suggesting that money was paid in return for favour, as they dated back to the period when lalu was the railway minister, and dared bihar chief minister nitish kumar to take action against him.
lalus rjd is a constituent of bihars ruling coalition led by kumar.
lalus official residence was the address of the owners of the firms allegedly floated by his family members, ravishankarprasad prasad had said.
the supreme court collegium, headed by chief justice dipak misra, will meet on wednesday to discuss the way forward after the government asked it to reconsider the name of km joseph, chief justice of uttarakhand high court, for elevation to the apex court.
it is the latest potential flashpoint between the executive and the apex court.
here is what you should know about the controversy: judges to the supreme court are appointed by a panel of the courts top five judges who make up the collegium.
on january 10, the collegium recommended two judges for elevation to supreme court.
on april 25, the government cleared senior advocate indu malhotras appointment as a supreme court judge , but held back a decision on justice joseph.
in 2016, justice joseph had ruled against presidents rule in uttarakhand, which paved the way for the congress to come back to power in the state.
on april 26, the central government returned the collegiums recommendationto elevate justice joseph.
law minister ravishankarprasad prasad, in a detailed note to chief justice misra, said the proposal to reconsider justice josephs name was approved by president ram nath kovind and prime minister narendra modi.
the centres argument is that there was adequate representation of kerala, josephs home state, in the higher judiciary while other states did not have a representative.
the government also said that the principle of seniority was not observed by the supreme court collegium as justice joseph is placed at 42 on the list of seniority.
the congress called the governments action an assault on the judiciary.
as the law stands now, the recommendation of the sc collegium is final and binding in the appointment of judges.
.
.
what is holding up justice k m josephs appointment?
his state, or his religion or his judgement in the uttarakhand case?
said senior congress leader p chidambaram.
law minister prasad rejected the allegation.
the congress party has no moral authority or stand to ask questions about dignity of the judiciary from us.
the whole record of congress party is littered with repeated instances as to how the judiciary of india was supposed to be compromised, he said.
senior lawyer indira jaising filed a petition urging the top court to put on hold malhotras appointment and direct the government to clear josephs name  a request that was rejected by a bench led by chief justice misra.
the government is within its right to send back a name for reconsideration, the bench said.
supposing the government is sending it for reconsideration, it will be seen.
you are saying stay the warrant (of malhotras appointment).
it is unthinkable, unconscionable, unimaginable, and if i may add never heard before, said misra.
earlier this year, four senior judges publicly criticised chief justice misra for his style of administration and over the allocation of cases.
justices jasti chelameswar, ranjan gogoi, madan bhimrao lokur and kurian joseph said they were forced to speak in public, breaking the settled principle of judicial restraint, because chief justice misra did not take steps to redress their grievances.
.
senior members of indias top it industry lobby will on february 24 begin a week-long visit to the us, which is planning a clampdown on h-1b visas that are crucial to indian software majors overseas business.
the national association of software and services companies (nasscom) delegation would meet members of the trump administration to ensure free flow of skilled manpower between the two nations.
we are going to highlight value contribution of the indian information technology sector to the us economy in terms of indian industry being the net creator and protector of jobs in us, shivendra singh, vice-president and head of global trade development, nasscom, said on tuesday.
read: its difficult to replace americans with indian i-t workerspresident donald trumps america first policy has rattled the it industry.
trump is pushing for american jobs for americans and has vowed a crackdown on companies shipping jobs abroad or bringing in cheaper hires from abroad.
h-1b is a temporary visa program used to bring foreign workers to the united states to fill high-skilled jobs.
these visas are largely used by tech firms and india gets the lions share of them.
the reports of the visit come as us congressman bob goodlatte led an eight-member team to india.
the team is meeting it minister ravishankarprasad prasad on tuesday.
read: h-1b visa: trump administrations proposed changes and how they can affect indiansgoodlatte is the chairman of the house judiciary committee that plays an important role in drawing policies around immigration and intellectual property.
we have shared our views with them that indian it industry is a large contributor to job creation in the us and we bring skills in areas where there is a huge skill deficit, r chandrashekhar, president of nasscom, told agencies.
nasscom chairman cp gurnani, md and ceo, tech mahindra, and chandrashekhar will be part of the nasscom delegation.
the two visits are expected to ease pressure on indian it companies, which earn 65  of their $155 billion revenue from the us.
in a first, nasscom recently delayed its initial growth forecast for fiscal 2017-18, citing market uncertainty.
shivendra singh said indian firms supported 411,00 jobs in the us.
they made corporate america more competitive as they were working with almost 75   of the fortune 500 companies and also helped them create jobs, he said.
the us delegations visit , singh said, reinforced the fact that the indian economy was important to uss strategic interests.
india is the fasted growing economy in the world and there exists huge amount of indo-us bilateral trade.
both the countries are working towards growing bilateral trade from $100 billion to $500billion and both the side need to make efforts in that direction, singh said.
the congress criticised on saturday the narendra modi government for being lax on national security, but the party found itself mired in a controversy after releasing a booklet that referred to kashmir as indian-occupied kashmir.
terming the incident highly objectionable, the bjp said the congress must make its stand clear whether the opposition party was with india or pakistan.
the wrong map on kashmir was published on page 12 of the 15-page booklet titled national security endangered.
bravado, rhetoric, hyperbole rules about the china-pakistan economic corridor.
the cpec worth $54 billion built through pok/balochistan connecting gwadar port in arabian sea to china with base for chinese submarines.
does it not compromise indias sovereignty over pok and affects our strategic interests in the arabian sea with chinese naval presence, read the booklet.
uttar pradesh congress committee (upcc) spokesman satyadev tripathi, however, said the map was a printing mistake.
the congresss policy on jammu and kashmir is very clear.
this printing mistake does not change the partys policy, said tripathi.
the booklet was circulated to the media at a press conference addressed by all india congress committee (aicc) general secretary (up in-charge) ghulam nabi azad in the presence of upcc president raj babbar at the party headquarters in lucknow.
azad said the modi government failed to keep its promises and was misleading the people by inaugurating projects initiated during the upa government.
he said modi invited pakistan prime minister nawaz sharif for his swearing-in ceremony, and targeted the prime minister for his pakistan and china policy.
the senior congress leader said that out of the 172 terror attacks in the last three years of the modi government, there were 12 major attacks in the past 21 months.
azad said the nda government has compromised indias defence preparedness as the indian air forces fighter fleet had fallen to a record low, and added that the defence capital budget has been drastically reduced by the nda government.
demanding an unconditional apology from the congress to the country, up bjp spokesperson shalabh mani tripathi said, this is highly objectionable, and it goes on to prove that on one hand the indian army is eliminating the terrorists, while the congress is refusing to believe that kashmir is an integral part of india.
border dispute with pakistan and terrorism in kashmir is a gift of the congress, tripathi said.
union minister ravishankarprasad prasad said, a parliament resolution says even pak-occupied kashmir is part of india.
by projecting kashmir as indian-occupied kashmir, the congress party has not only made separatists happy but also gladdened the heart of its patrons across the border.
it is condemnable.
shrikant sharma, a minister in the uttar pradesh government and its spokesperson, alleged that releasing such a map amounted to treason and congress president sonia gandhi should apologise for it.
he said congress vice-president rahul gandhi earlier went to jnu to sympathise with traitors and the party also questioned the authenticity of cross-loc surgical strikes to bring down the armys morale.
congress leader ajay maken said it was a printing error but admitted that it was his partys responsibility to ensure that such a mistake was not allowed.
we apologise for this and will ensure that such a mistake is not repeated, he said.
targeting the bjp, he said its website on march 28, 2014 showed a similar map.
he claimed a map which was released the same year in september during the signing of a treaty with china in the presence of prime minister narendra modi had shown arunachal pradesh as part of china.
the difference between the bjp and the congress is that we admit our mistake but they dont.
before raising questions, they should respond to publication of such maps, he said.
the bharatiya janata party (bjp) in delhi wants uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath as its star campaigner for the april 23 municipal elections.
the election management committee has listed 53 party leaders, including adityanath, who they want to canvass support in delhi next month.
the list of star campaigners sent to central leadership, however, does not contain the name of prime minister narendra modi.
apart from up cm, the delhi bjp wants chief ministers of all party-ruled states-- manohar parrikar (goa), trivendra singh rawat (uttarakhand), devendra fadnavis (maharashtra), manohar lal khattar (haryana), shivraj singh chauhan (madhya pradesh), vasundhara raje (rajasthan), raman singh (chhattisgarh), raghubar das (jharkhand), and sarbananda sonowal (assam) -- to campaign during the elections.
rajiv babbar, vice-present of delhi bjp and convener of the media committee, said the state unit has requested for a few union ministers too.
the names of star campaigners have been suggested by our party workers.
they want leaders from other states.
now, the central leadership will check with them and apprise us about their availability.
then, we will prepare a schedule for their rallies accordingly, he said.
significant number of voters in delhi are from other states.
therefore, to establish a connect with them, the party has decided to bring leaders from other states for the campaigning, he said.
babbar said all state party leaders were of the view that the union ministers will be the best persons to tell people of delhi about various schemes specially launched for the city by the bjp-led nda government since 2014.
they know better than us.
if they tell citizens about the work being done by the centre, it will be good.
they can explain those schemes better.
delhi bjp president manoj tiwari will lead the campaign, he said.
union ministers rajnath singh, arun jaitley, m venkaiah naidu, nitin gadkari, ravishankarprasad prasad, smriti irani, jitendra singh, kalraj mishra, radha mohan singh, giriraj singh, dr harsh vardhan, vijay goel and sanjeev balyan will campaign for party candidates in delhi.
in an evening of the beginning of last week, the political corridors of kanpur were suddenly overtaken by a piece of sensational information.
a two-sentence letter written in english had started making rounds on whatsapp among leaders, political party workers, journalists and some selected people of the civil society.
the content of the letter was as follows:dear voters of kanpur,shri ramlal general secretary (org.
) bhartiya janta party conveyed to me today that i should not contest the ensuing parliamentary election from kanpur and elsewhere.
(murli manohar joshi)although murli manohar joshis name was there, but his signature was missing.
the skilled politicos know that even a letter without signature carries profound political meanings.
its clear that murli manohar joshi wanted to convey that he has not been given the party ticket and he will not accept this bitter truth as silently as lal krishna advani.
he had no hesitation in saying that his candidature was cancelled.
clearly, while leaving the scene, professor joshi created some obstacles for the new bjp candidate satyadev pachauri.
its not that such dissent was seen only in kanpur.
it was being assumed that tejaswini kumar, wife of the late bjp leader ananth kumar, will be selected as the party candidate from bengaluru south.
she too had been preparing for the electoral battle for months.
in politics, to give the seat of the deceased husband to the wife or a family member is an old and tested formula.
but when the list was released, her name was missing.
at first, she flared up but later accepted the partys decision saying that it proves that we are a party with a difference.
some people showed black flags to law minister ravishankarprasad prasad in his own city of patna.
sources say that a rajya sabha member reportedly instigated these protesters.
they probably knew that the saffron party will nominate him from patna sahib as the partys lok sabha candidate instead of shatrughan sinha.
these three examples are related to famous personalities.
smaller protests occurred in many places but the national media did not or could not cover it.
a few days ago when bjp president amit shah was holding a rally in agra, babulal chaudhary, representative of fatehpur sikri in the 16th lok sabha was holding a separate meeting, in village kiroli.
chaudhary was denied the ticket for upcoming lok sabha polls.
he is considered a firebrand leader in the region and is still showing a rebellious attitude towards the party.
the bubbles of dissatisfaction are bursting not only in bjp.
other parties are also a victim of this epidemic.
this is the reason why many leaders are seen changing their parties, constituencies or groups at the eleventh hour.
there is another reason to worry for the parties.
the voters have kept their fists closed.
as a result, no issue is proving to be effective in the political atmosphere.
not only this, the political discourse in urban and rural areas are quite different.
the urban voters seem to identify air strikes, pulwama and nationalism with the political personalities whereas real issues on the ground have taken more prominence in the villages.
the voters there do not want to forgo their caste identity besides paying attention to their problems.
as a result, the 2019 elections are going back to the old ways.
this is unfortunate.
association for democratic reforms (adr), which keeps a close watch over indian elections and political personalities, conducted a survey in october-december 2018.
the ten main issues which emerged during this survey are the same on which debate has been going on for the last 70 years.
the issues are: employment, health services, clean drinking water, roads, public transport, irrigation, farm loan, better minimum support prices (msp) for the crop, agricultural subsidies, and law and order.
if you look at the slogans of all the political parties in the light of these issues, you can understand the reality well.
the political slogans have neither eradicated poverty nor provided employment or water to every farm.
are the elections for the 17th lok sabha also going to be just another joist in this deceit?
i will give you an example.
a few days ago k chandrashekhar raos party had won the telangana assembly elections with more than two third of majority.
his daughter k. kavitha won last lok sabha elections from nizamabad constituency.
this time 178 farmers have filed nomination against her from the same constituency.
these farmers are unhappy with the fact that despite promises, no board was formed for the turmeric producers.
it has definitely created problems for kavitha but the election commission too is facing unprecedented problems as there is no provision for so many candidates on the electronic voting machines.
these examples should be sufficient to open the eyes of the electoral warriors.
the piqued silence of the voters is now coming to an end.
this is the time for politicians to return to the basic issues.
national cyber security chief gulshan rai told a parliamentary panel this week that india hasnt made concerted efforts to confront the management of popular social media platforms such as facebook and whatsapp amid growing fears of misuse of user data.
rai said this at a meeting of the parliamentary standing committee on information technology, which discussed privacy issues and data breach in the wake of the cambridge analytica scandal.
the panel, headed by bharatiya janata party (bjp) parliamentarian anurag thakur, wanted to know if facebook can be summoned and held accountable for any data breach of indian users.
the question is whether we can enforce legal provisions.
i think we can.
top management is located somewhere.
what matters is how to enforce our own legal provisions, rai said.
when thakur asked rai if the government can restrict exposure of personal data on social media platforms, rai said: we have also not made concerted efforts till now to confront these managements.
we are moving in the direction, and we expect to resolve it considering the size of the market.
we have sufficient clout, he added.
the panel expressed concern about whether indian users are adequately protected by the terms of service agreements.
union home secretary rajiv gauba made a presentation on privacy issues and said these must be addressed by the governments data governance policy.
gauba and rai pointed out that after the media coverage of the cambridge analytica leak, many social media management have redesigned their terms of agreement for users.
rai said india was among the first 12 countries to have law on information technology and related privacy issues.
cyber security and privacy became a riveting subject after whistleblower christopher wylie alleged in march that facebook had leaked data of 87 million users to london-based consultancy firm cambridge analytica .
wylie also alleged that cambridge analytica had been hired to carry out political campaigns in india, saying the firm compiled a database of over 600 districts and 700,000 villages.
responding to wylies revelations, information technology minister ravishankarprasad prasad issued a warning to faceook founder and chief executive officer mark zuckerberg.
we have got stringent power in the it act, we shall use it, including summoning you in india, prasad had said.
whatsapp, the facebook-owned instant messaging app, is working on a new platform targeted at small businesses, and will use india as the testing ground for the global launch of a product it sees as a potential money spinner.
whatsapp for business, meant for commercial messaging through which whatsapp wants to make money, is still in the design and testing phase.
the platform is largely targeted at india, where whatsapp has 200 million users.
whatsapp for business is all about small and medium businesses, where you have a small employee count and have a large customer count, and the goals are very different, brian acton, co-founder of whatsapp, said in an interview on the companys eighth birthday on friday.
over the past few years, millions of indians, much like in the us and other developed and developing countries, have downloaded whatsapp on their mobile phones to give up sms because the instant-messaging platform was simple and free.
if facebook is about real identity, whatsapp is about a faster, reliable and easier way to communicate with people.
that is also how whatsapp founders, jan koum and acton, envisaged it to be.
at 200 million monthly active users, or over 15  of its total users, india is whatsapps largest base.
the company will allow small business, large brands, and enterprises to communicate with a large pool of consumers, without spamming them.
(while) users can keep stay in touch with families and their loved ones, they order grocery from their local grocer.
.
.
there are stories of doctors using the product to communicate with patients, acton said.
whatsapp for business will be a separate app for small businesses to send targeted messages and videos.
neeraj arora, head of business at whatsapp, explains: if you are a small shop owner, and there is a bunch of people who buy from you, it will make communication easier.
.
.
whatsapp for business will first be launched in india, which acton says offers a fantastic ecosystem for the platform, and then taken to other markets such as brazil and indonesia.
india has 35 million small and medium businesses.
that is why we continue to invest in india, and that is why we continue to leverage india to teach us what we can do to make lives better  commercial messaging, digital transaction, etc.
, he said.
the co-founder met indias information technology minister ravishankarprasad prasad on friday to discuss commercial messages and digital transactions.
as indias internet user base, already larger than that of the us, grows, india will become a more critical market for whatsapp.
acton is not willing to tap other popular indian obsessions such as bollywood and music.
bollywood stars come and go, music stars come and go  thats the natural cycle.
what we are focusing on is the evergreen utility of communication, connecting people and letting them talk to each other, he said.
already, whatsapp is available in 10 indian languages, making it easier for merchants to use the app.
we will continue to grow the languages.
there are more than 10 languages here, acton said.
riding the modi wave, the national democratic alliance (nda) registered an emphatic win in bihar, clinching 39 out of the 40 seats, eight more than the 2014 polls.
the jd (u), which was not a part of the alliance in 2014, switched to nda in 2017 and fought the general elections alongside bjp and ljp, winning 16 out of its share of 17 seats.
the bjp had fought on equal number of seats and won them all, while the third alliance partner, ljp, contested and won six seats.
also read : lok sabha results 2019: will take everyone along, even opponents: pm modi after big winprominent among the winners are six union ministers ravishankarprasad prasad, ram kripal yadav, ashwini kumar choubey, giriraj singh, radha mohan singh and rk singh.
the congress, which went to elections after allying with lead opposition rashtriya janata dal (rjd) and three other regional parties under the banner of the grand alliance (ga), salvaged some pride by retaining the minority-dominated kishanganj.
the party had won two seats in the 2014 polls.
the ndas victory on seats with 40 per cent, or even more, minority voters also drove indicate that the minority communities are not averse to the bjp and its allies.
also read : lok sabha election results 2019:decoding the role bjp chief amit shah played in pm modis epic victorygrand alliance stalwarts, including former cm jitan ram manjhi, ex-union ministers upendra kushwaha, raghuvansh prasad singh and shatrughan sinha, former state ministers jagadanand singh and abdul bari siddiqui, and lalu-rabris eldest daughter misa bharti, suffered a drubbing.
kushwaha, who contested from ujiarpur and karakat, lost both.
indiaupdated: jul 31, 2019 15:02 istunion minister smriti irani has been allotted a seat in the coveted front row of lok sabha, signifying her added importance in the scheme of things for the narendra modi government.
irani is a first-time lok sabha mp who defeated rahul gandhi from his family bastion of amethi.
she was also a minister since 2014 in the first modi government.
lok sabha speaker om birla has cleared the sitting arrangements for new lok sabha.
apart from prime minister narendra modi, defence minister rajnath singh, home minister amit shah, transport minister nitin gadkari, rural development minister narendra singh tomar, hd sadananda gowda will also occupy the front row.
along with irani, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad has also been given a front row seat.
the coveted front row of the indian parliaments lok sabha has seen the biggest reshuffle of the recent times in this summer as six senior parliamentarians who were front benchers have not returned to the house.
the ndas share in the front row pie, the seats closest to the speakers chair, has also increased marginally.
the congress quota is stuck at 2 as the party bagged 51 seats, just 6 more than its earlier tally.
former prime minister hd deve gowda, former foreign minister sushma swaraj, congress floor leader mallikarjun kharge and bjp patriarchs lk advani and murali manohar joshi are among the leaders who used to sit in the front row.
this time, many of them have retired while deve gowda lost the election.
.
lok jan shakti party (ljp) president and union minister for consumer affairs and public distribution, ram vilas paswan, filed his nomination paper for the one rajya sabha seat going to by poll in bihar.
paswan, as a candidate of the national democratic alliance (nda), is certain to win the seat riding on ndas near dominance in bihar assembly.
chief minister nitish kumar, bihar bjp president and union minister of state for home nityanand rai, road construction minister nand kishor yadav and a host of other leaders were present on the occasion.
it remains to be seen if anyone from the opposition files nomination-- the last date is june 25.
if nobody does, paswan will be declared elected unopposed after the end of period for withdrawal of nomination and scrutiny of papers -- scheduled for june 26.
paswans nomination event was not without incident as security personnel had to clear the area around the returning officer after chief minister nitish kumar objected to cameramen leaning over his chair to take pictures.
one of the most prominent dalit leaders in the country, paswan won the bihar assembly election for the first time in 1969 and was elected to the lok sabha nine times since his first win in 1977.
he was also sent to rajya sabha once before in 2010.
earlier, there was speculation that paswan, who did not contest the lok sabha election from his traditional hajipur seat this time, could be sent to rajya sabha from assam.
however, insiders in ljp said that paswan wanted to be fielded from bihar and the circumstances worked to his favour.
though bihar did not have a vacancy in rajya sabha, the victory of union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad created one.
prasad had just completed one year of his fourth term in the rajya sabha before his maiden entry to the lok sabha.
this means, paswan will be member of the rajya sabha for close to five years.
prasad was elected to rajya sabha in march, 2018.
indiaupdated: sep 11, 2019 22:06 istunion law minister ravishankarprasad prasad on wednesday said indias first prime minister jawaharlal nehru was wrong and the then home minister sardar vallabhbhai patel was right in handling the jammu and kashmir issue after independence.
talking to media on wednesday at ahmedabad, prasad said prime minister narendra modi and home minister amit shah showed immense courage and corrected that historic blunder.
i want to say that in jammu and kashmir, sardar patel was right and jawaharlal nehru was wrong.
it (article 370 of the constitution) was a historical blunder committed (that time) and (by scrapping the special status) narendra modi as our pm, showing immense courage, corrected that historical wrong, prasad said.
opinion| did jawaharlal nehru mishandle kashmir?
the congress countered his assertion saying that ruling bharatiya janata party (bjp) likes to meddle with the history.
first, the bjp is admitting that it had no role in freedom fight.
then, by pitching nehru against sardar, gandhi against nehru, the bjp wants to damage the history, said congress spokesperson manish doshi.
prasad was here on wednesday to highlight the achievements of the modi government in its first 100 days of its second term.
also read: abrogation of art 370, modi govts biggest achievement in 100 days: union ministeron situation in jammu and kashmir after article 370 was nullified, prasad said not a single bullet has been fired ever since the controversial provision of the constitution was scrapped last month.
curfew has been lifted from all areas (in j&k), except those under the jurisdiction of 14 police stations there, he said.
asked about recent tweet by the pakistan prime minister on pok, prasad said,imran khan should first tell the world about the basic rights and jobs of those originally from pakistan occupied kashmir.
he should first talk about this, then hold protests.
the law minister also said the indian economy was in a good state.
indian economys fundamentals are strong, he said.
prasad said the centre was working on a plan to bring digital processes in issuance of tax notices to reduce the unnecessary harassment of assesses and bring greater transparency.
the centre has taken a very important decision.
from october 2, 2019 onwards, the tax notices will not be issued directly by the assessing officials.
the (proposed) notices will first go into a digital system, which will further examine the notice and it will be issued only if (the notice) is found to be proper, he said.
prasad also claimed credit for improving ease of doing business through digital initiatives by his ministry of electronics and information technology.
on employment, he said, the government cannot assure jobs to all and that it was working on creating adequate employment avenues.
indiaupdated: sep 12, 2019 08:12 istunion minister ravishankarprasad prasad said here on wednesday that if a bjp government had illustrated the constitution with hindu iconography, there would have been a hue and cry, but it was not found amiss in 1950.
displaying an original copy of the constitution, gifted to him in 2000 by then parliamentary affairs minister pramod mahajan, prasad also said the framers of the constitution did not expressly term the country as secular as they knew the soul of india is secular.
renowned painter nand lal bose illustrated the pages of the constitution with images of hindu gods and goddesses besides those of buddha, mahavir and historical figures, as it was decided that it should reflect our cultural heritage, the union law minister said.
he was addressing a national unity mission event organised by the city unit of the bjp.
suppose we were to frame the constitution today and we were to put these images on its pages, a hue and cry would have erupted that india is becoming a hindu nation, secularism is being done away with, he said.
the framers of our constitution did not call our country secular, because they knew the soul of our country is secular.
like the rig veda says, `truth is one, scholars define it differently, he said.
you respect my path of truth, i respect your path, because all the paths lead to one `satchidanand.
this is indias imagination, the bjp leader added.
speaking about abrogation of article 370 which gave a special status to jammu and kashmir, prasad recalled the role played by sardar vallabhbhai patel, the first home minister, in ensuring merger of princely states.
the state of hyderabad would have turned into a palestine had patel not united it with india, he said.
had patel not been there, somnath temple would have faced the same trouble like ayodhya, and had he lived long, even the ayodhya temple issue would have been resolved, he said.
the temple at somnath, destroyed by muslim invaders centuries ago, was rebuilt after independence.
injustice was done to patel as he was honoured with bharat ratna 41 years after his death, he said.
they said article 370 was a bridge to unite (kashmir with rest of india).
article 370 was not a bridge but a platform for separatism and terrorism.
while article 370 was in force, 42,000 people were killed, the union minister said.
between 2009 and 2019, rs 2.
70 lakh crore were given to kashmir.
the result was separatism and stone-pelting.
if so many people were being killed, money was being misused, shouldnt it have been stopped?
article 370, which was temporary, was (therefore) removed, he said.
(this story has been published from a wire agency feed without modifications to the text.
only the headline has been changed.
the appointment panel of top supreme court judges will meet on wednesday evening to decide on the appointment of uttarakhand chief justice km joseph as a judge to the top court.
the collegium  a body of the five top judges headed by the chief justice of india (cji)  is expected to meet after 4 pm, once courts rise upon completing the days work.
justices j chelameswar, ranjan gogoi, mb lokur and kurien joseph are the collegium members.
last wednesday, the government cleared the appointment of senior advocate indu malhotra as an sc judge but put on hold the collegiums recommendation on elevating joseph.
in 2016, a bench headed by justice joseph had quashed presidential rule imposed in uttarakhand.
congress government returned to power in the state after the judgment.
after putting on hold justice josephs elevation, union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad wrote to chief justice of india dipak misra to say, the proposed appointment of justice km joseph at this stage does not appear to be appropriate.
it would also not be fair and justified to other more senior, suitable, and deserving chief justices and senior judges of various high courts.
the collegium will consider the law ministers letter in their meeting today.
the recommendation is likely to be reiterated.
as per an sc ruling, the government has to notify justice josephs appointment if the collegium sends the file back reinforcing its proposal.
justice josephs file was returned by the government three months after the collegium had sent it on january 10.
the collegium had proposed justice josephs name, saying he is deserving and suitable in all respects than other chief justice and senior puisne judges of other hcs.
government had said the proposal was not in accordance with the top courts parameters and there was adequate representation of kerala in the higher judiciary from where he hails.
the government is preparing for the eventuality of the collegium recommending justice km josephs name once again for elevation to the top court.
historically, the collegium has usually sent the same recommendation back even after the government suggested that it be reconsidered, said a government official who asked not to be named.
the issue here is whether seniority and regional representation should be allowed to take a back seat or not, this person added.
legal experts say the government may not have the scope of seeking yet another reconsideration if the collegium suggests justice jopeshs name again, but that it could adopt another strategy.
the collegium is well within its rights to send the same recommendation once more.
but the government can sit over the proposal as no deadline has been fixed for it to approve the decision, former law secretary tk vishwanathan said.
the supreme court said on tuesday that triple talaq -- the muslim practice that allows men to instantly divorce their wives -- is unconstitutional, striking it down.
the bench comprised of five judges of different faiths deliberated for three months before issuing its order.
the order comes in response to petitions from seven muslim women who had been divorced through triple talaq.
more than 20 muslim countries, including neighbouring pakistan and bangladesh, have banned the practice.
here are the highlights of the day:7:47pm: amnesty international india welcomed the supreme court verdict striking down the practice of instant triple talaq.
7:45pm: with the supreme court banning instant triple talaq, activists urged the apex court to also take steps to decriminalise homosexuality and penalise marital rape, reported news agency pti.
7:30pm: veteran actor shabana azmi welcomed the supreme courts verdict banning the practice of instant divorce among muslims.
i welcome the supreme court judgement on instant triple talaq.
its a victory 4 brave muslim women who hve waged battle against it for years  azmi shabana (@azmishabana) august 22, 20177:25pm: senior advocate mukul rohatgi, who had advanced centres stand against the practice of triple talaq as the attorney general, welcomed the supreme court ruling, saying it is a step towards achieving the ultimate goal of a uniform civil code.
dubbing it as a path-breaking judgement, rohatgi said the stand of the government was completely vindicated and the judgment has restored the dignity of the muslim women who can now march to progress like other citizens of the country.
6:40pm: shahi imam of delhis jama masjid syed ahmed bukhari said the issue of triple talaq would not have reached the supreme court had the all india muslim personal law board not failed to address the problems of women wronged by the divorce practice.
6:20pm: the triple talaq issue is not related to religion but social reform, union minister of state for minority affairs mukhtar abbas naqvi said, adding that the modi government would discuss with all political parties on framing a law on the matter.
he welcomed the decision of the supreme court that banned instant divorce.
6:07pm: the vhp said the government should enact a law against the practice of triple talaq and also bring a legislation to ban more than two children.
6:00pm: the supreme court ruling on instant triple talaq will usher in an era of equality among women, actor-politician paresh rawal said in mumbai.
the bjp mp welcomed the verdict, saying it was an affirmation of womens rights and would give them relief from discrimination.
5:56pm: congress vice-president rahul gandhi welcomed the apex court verdict.
welcome the supreme court decision setting aside instant #tripletalaq.
i congratulate the women who fought for justice  office of rg (@officeofrg) august 22, 20175:35pm: west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee refused to comment on the apex court verdict on triple talaq.
i will not say a word on this, banerjee said at nabanna, the state secretariat.
though banerjee and her party stayed away from the issue, west bengal library service minister siddiqulla chowdhury criticised the supreme court judgment.
i do not know what my partys stand is.
though i am a minister in this government i will still say that this talaq system is prevailing since ages.
the right (to give talaq) is conferred by quran.
no court has the right to nullify that, he said.
5:12pm: the supreme court judgment declaring instant triple talaq as unconstitutional has brought smiles on the faces of several muslim women of hyderabad.
the city witnessed some bizarre instances of triple talaq in the last few months, wherein men divorced their wives through telephonic calls, postcards and even through whatsapp.
4.
16pm: this is the first-ever verdict in favour of muslim women, says farhat, sister of union minister mukhtar abbas naqvi.
farhat, who was divorced by her husband for giving birth to a girl child, runs a non-political voluntary organisation for the welfare of the victims of triple talaq and domestic violence.
4.
04pm: the scs judgement is victory for all who believed personal laws must also be progressive and compliant with constitutional guarantees, ani quotes arun jaitley as saying.
3.
54pm: bsp welcomes the verdict.
it would have been good if the muslim personal law board acted in the matter, but they didnt, says bsp chief mayawati.
3.
45pm: this verdict is a step towards gender equality; it will empower women.
today we dont realise the kind of widespread effect this decision will have.
women will not tolerate inequality now, says former union minister arif m khan to ani.
3.
37pm: i welcome the supreme court judgement on instant triple talaq.
its a victory for brave muslim women who have waged battle against it for years, tweets actor shabana azmi.
2.
55pm: finance minister arun jaitley tweets in support of scs judgement.
the supreme court judgment in the #tripletalaq case (1/2)  arun jaitley (@arunjaitley) august 22, 2017undoes the injustice to muslim women who were victims of a unilateral termination of a matrimonial relationship.
(2/2)  arun jaitley (@arunjaitley) august 22, 20172.
40pm: kolkata cleric moulana ahmed barkati calls sc judgement an unparalleled and unique decision.
there are only pros, and no cons to this decision, because the muslims have made a mockery out of divorce and out of islam as well- getting drunk and announcing divorce is not the right way, he tells ani.
2.
26pm: i am very happy; it is a good judgement.
now discrimination due to triple talaq will end, says former ag soli sorabjee.
2.
03pm: victory of our constitutional values.
will repeat what pm has said earlier, dont link it to any religion, bjp leader and law minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
2.
02pm: we have to respect the judgement.
it is going to be a great herculean task to implement this on ground, says aimim leader asaduddin owaisi.
1.
45pm: judgment of the honble sc on triple talaq is historic.
it grants equality to muslim women and is a powerful measure for women empowerment, tweets prime minister narendra modi.
1.
30pm: we welcome the supreme courts verdict on triple talaq.
muslim women got justice through it, says uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath.
1.
20pm: i can say with satisfaction this was the last case which i did before i decided to quit, says mukul rohatgi.
1.
16pm: social activist shaista ali, who was affected by triple talaq: we are happy that supreme court supported us.
this will definitely improve the condition of muslim women who face atrocities in the name of triple talaq.
i also want that the court should also ban the provision four marriages without divorce.
1.
09pm: we hail the judgement, it protects personal laws and at the same time deprecates the practice of triple talaq, says congress leader kapil sibal.
12.
59pm: bjp president amit shah says: i welcome the historic verdict by the supreme court on the issue of triple talaq.
.
.
this is the victory of basic constitutional rights and right to equality of muslim women.
12.
53pm:     -               pic.
twitter.com/ndmczskjuw  amit shah (@amitshah) august 22, 201712.
49pm: shia personal law board has been fighting against triple talaq since 2007, welcome this verdict.
it is a great first step, says maulana yasoob abbas,shia cleric.
12.
18pm: what we hoped to happen has now happened, it is a good decision, says salman khurshid.
12.
07pm: its a good judgement and its another step towards gender justice and gender equality, says maneka gandhi,union minister.
12.
05pm: our grievances and apprehensions, whether they have been addressed by the judges or not, can be expressed after seeing judgement.
.
.
what will happen to those muslim women who even after judgement will accept talaq: z jilani, aimplb12.
04pm: welcome sc s judgement, request central government to bring in a legislation soon, says madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan.
12.
03pm: have respected scs judgements in past, todays judgement on triple talaq will also be considered by us: z jilani, member, aimplb.
12.
02pm: the all india muslim personal law board has convened a meeting on september 10 in bhopal to discuss the supreme court verdict on triple talaq and chalk out the future strategy on the issue, says maulana wali rehmani, aimplb general secretary.
11.
59am:shayara bano reacts soon after the sc verdict on #tripletalaq @httweets pic.
twitter.com/8c1fm6jum5  moushumi das gupta (@dgupta_moushumi) august 22, 201711.
55am:what a huge and a historic verdict!
relief for scores of muslim sisters spelling redundancy for the compromised 'mullahs'!
the path is clear  shazia ilmi (@shaziailmi) august 22, 201711.
39am: shayara bano, who was the first woman to challenge instant triple talaq in a court, says the sc judgment should be accepted.
i welcome the verdict and support it.
this is a historic day for muslim women, she says.
11.
37am: justice nariman said triple talaq is a part of 1934 act, should always be tested on constitutionality: s mehmood, lawyer.
11.
36am: justice kurien said triple talaq is not an essential part of islam and enjoys no protection of article 25, set it aside:saif mehmood, lawyer.
11.
32am: naseem akhtar, jaipur convener of bharatiya muslim mahila andolan, says: its a good and balanced decision.
now we hope and expect the government to make a law against triple talaq the soonest.
11.
31am: aafreen rehman, affected by triple talaq, from jaipur says: i am happy with the courts decision.
its a beginning towards the abolition of triple talaq in the country.
a law against triple talaq is what we wanted and the court has directed the government to do the same.
and the court has in a way banned it until the law is made.
the cruelty that was happening against women in the name of triple talaq, wherein they were thrown out of the house like a pair of shoes, will now end.
11.
27am: president of all india muslim women personal law board shaista amber has welcomed the supreme court judgment on triple talaq holding the islamic practice as unconstitutional.
11.
24am: cji says matters of personal law cannot be touched by a constitutional court law or constitutionality cannot be tested: saif mehmood, lawyer.
11.
04am: talaq-e-biddat (instant divorce) is manifestly arbitrary which allows a muslim man to break down marriage whimsically, majority view of the bench said to a packed courtroom.
it cannot be considered as integral part of personal law and cannot have constitutional protection.
it is against quran and violates the shariat, it said.
11.
02am: the sc strikes down instant triple talaq (talak-e-biddat) by 3-2 verdict, saying it violates article 14 of the constitution.
majority view of the bench is that the practice is arbitrary and against the tenets of islam.
minority view by cji js khehar and abdul nazeer wants triple talaq put on hold for six months and for the government to bring a new law by then.
10.
53am: cji js khehar says talaq-e-biddat is an integral part of sunni community practised for 1,000 years.
10.
51am: minority view of asked the government to bring a legislation within six months.
cji khehar says all parties must decide keeping politics aside.
10.
48am: cji js khehar says talaq-e-biddat is not in violation of articles 14,15, 21 and 25 of the constitution.
10.
46am: triple talaq will not be in operation for six months, says minority view of sc bench.
10.
34am: judges assemble to pronounce verdict10.
29am: it is a big day, let us see what the judgement says: former attorney general mukul rohatgi.
indias concerns over h-1b visa related developments have been conveyed at the highest quarters in the us, union it minister ravishankarprasad prasad said on saturday.
the it ecosystem is based upon reciprocity approach, and india neither creates boundaries nor appreciates boundaries, the minister said.
finance minister arun jaitley in washington had met the commerce secretary of the us and conveyed the concerns.
we are proud of the contribution of indian it companies in america and around the world.
they have paid $22 billion as tax revenue in the last five years, they have created 400,000 jobs there, they have given value and competitive edge to nearly two-thirds of the fortune 500 companies, prasad said.
he said the it ecosystem is based up on reciprocity.
indian human resource contributes to usas economy and many us companies also benefit here in bengaluru and other parts of india who have indian minds in creating their research products more competitively.
if multi national companies have made big business then indian minds have also immensely contributed.
there is a need for reciprocity.
ravi shankar prasad (@rsprasad) april 22, 2017indian it companies create jobs they do not steal jobs either in usa or in any other country.
ravi shankar prasad (@rsprasad) april 22, 2017prasad was speaking to reporters on the sidelines of the interactive meeting with it /esdm industry organised by the software technology parks of india (stpi).
to a question about protectionist noises being heard from europe and other parts of the world and governments approach towards this, he said, we are reaching out.
but what im very confident about is the talent of indian it minds - that they will always keep the flag flying.
earlier, addressing the meeting, prasad said that today it ecosystem is under some stress and pressure because of what is happening in the us.
stating that the it sector needs to acknowledge its own real strengths, he said the indian it industry has created a new form of confidence in indias human resources.
he said, the dna of technology does not count in its boundaries, and as far as we in india are concerned, we neither create boundaries, nor we appreciate boundaries.
indian it companies dont steal jobs, they create jobs, wherever they go whether it is america or any part of the world.
noting that the indian digital economy that includes communication, it/ites, e-commerce, digital payments is going to be usd 1 trillion, the minister said he is seeing india at the cusp of a big digital revolution.
we missed the industrial revolution, we missed the entrepreneur revolution and we dont want to miss the digital revolution.
we want to become leader in that, that is our fundamental philosophy, he said.
highlighting that in the last two years, 72 mobile manufacturing factories had started production in india, prasad said 42 are mobiles and 30 are components like battery and others.
he also said that the us-based iphone maker apple is again going to meet him in couple of days.
they are very keen.
to a question by reporters on meeting with apple executives, he said they are going to meet him.
what was important is that india is a huge market and make in india was basically for making in india for indian market and also exporting it outside, he said.
a lot of big mobile phone manufacturing companies have come, if apple comes fine, they are welcome, he added.
in the heat and dust of lok sabha elections in bihar, patna university (pu), the seventh oldest university in the country and cradle of bihar politics that has produced leaders like nitish kumar, lalu prasad, ram vilas paswan, sushil modi, ashwinin choubey and many others, is simmering for a different reason.
the issue relates to the development of krishnaghat road to connect with upcoming ganga path along the ganga river for which pu has been asked to transfer land.
the patna university teachers association (puta) has raised concerns on this and has written to the vice chancellor not to transfer the land, as a busy public road through the institutions campus could damage its sanctity and might lead to demolition of heritage buildings like minto and cavendish hostels.
in a letter on february 28, the patna district magistrate asked for no objection from pu for the transfer of land.
earlier on february 6 also, the bihar state road development corporation limited had written in this regard to pu.
maintaining that the university has had to already part with considerable land by way of transfer of its dispensary, a portion of saidpur campus and a big stretch near ranighat, puta leaders said that further pruning its campus would open the doors for more such demands in future, raising a question mark over the existence of pus majestic campus on the banks of the ganga.
puta has decided to write to both of the nda candidate union minister ravishankarprasad prasad and grand alliance most likely nominee shatrughan sinha, also alumni of pu, apart from the governor-cum-chancellor lalji tandon and chief minister nitish kumar.
former bihar congress president anil sharma, who was puta president from 1980-84, said a heritage like pu needed to be protected and not pruned in the name of development.
the government should explore other alternatives and not test pus patience, he added.
puta president randhir kumar sinha said it was unfortunate that an institution having completed 100 years was being gradually and systematically reduced with one request after another for land in the last couple of years.
during its centenary year celebration, none other than the chief minister had demanded central university status for pu, which was turned down by pm narendraa modi.
now the government wants land from pu.
it should have explored connectivity options before starting the ganga path project, he added.
urging the vc not to transfer the land, puta has written that movement of heavy transport vehicles and passenger vehicles would cause campus disorder.
besides, three old and prominent girls hostels and two boys hostels are located adjacent to the proposed road, which is at present used for universitys internal communication.
when pm had come, it was the internal road that was used for his movement.
department of chemistry, exam hall and other heritage buildings are also located next to it, said puta, adding the employees and students unions were also one on this.
we request you not to transfer the assets of pu, which it got through donations, to the government.
the government should work on some alternative ways, said puta, citing how similar demands during the tenure of former pu vc yc simhadri were turned down in the interest of the institution.
pu vc rash bihari prasad singh said that he would discuss the matter with the government.
many people have met me and voiced their concerns.
they have cited genuine problems, as adjacent buildings will have to be demolished to make room for a public road bisecting the campus.
i will request the government, he added.
a few years ago, the girls of bihars premiere magadh mahila college had in 2013 staged protest against blockage of the college gate due to mega infrastructure projects planned in the vicinity, much to the annoyance of the state government.
the government, however, prevailed and earlier this year assured construction of a multi-storied state-of-the-art building and 800-bed hostel for the college to assuage the ruffled feelings.
in jagdamba camp, a south delhi slum, sunita and prem kumar upadhyay are caught in an aadhaar bind, curtailing their familys ration entitlement.
the family of six is getting provisions under the public distribution system (pds) only for two as names of their minor children could not be enlisted in the ration card in the absence of their aadhaar cards, the all important document to get benefits of the government schemes.
the aadhaar is a 12 digit unique-identity number issued to indian residents based on their biometric and demographic data collected and maintained by the unique identification authority of india (uidai).
explaining his predicament, kumar says officials responsible for the aadhaar enrolment at the time did not register children below 12 years, saying it was not feasible.
now that all the four children have finally got their aadhaar cards, the window to enlist their names in the ration card has closed.
as a result, kumar, who owns a bag repairing shop, is now forced to buy provisions from the open market to meet the shortfall.
his family has a priority card which entitles them 5kg ration (4kg wheat at rs2 per kg and 1kg rice at rs 3 per kg) per person listed on the card.
sunita and kumar are not the only ones in the sheikh sarai slum, to be deprived of their rights, though with more than a billion enrolments, the government is tomtoming the success of the aadhaar project.
only a few days ago, ravishankarprasad prasad, the minister in charge of the uidai claimed linking of the aadhaar with ration distribution has brought about more transparency and saved public money to the tune of rs 14,000 crore.
the government is now making the linking of permanent account numbers (pan) to aadhaar mandatory ignoring the controversy over the project since the inception of uidai in 2009.
the aadhaar has been challenged in the supreme court on several grounds, including national security, violating right to privacy, excluding some people from benefits of welfare programmes.
since 2013, the top court has issued seven interim orders, directing voluntary use of aadhaar and that no one should be denied benefits to which they are otherwise entitled, if they do not have the 12 digit number.
notwithstanding such riders, the aadhaar (targeted delivery of financial and other subsidies, benefits and services) act, 2016 came into force on september 12 last year.
the act makes aadhaar mandatory to get subsidies, benefits and services provided by the state.
the government has expanded its scope to even filing of income tax returns.
however, activists affirm that making aadhaar mandatory is unconstitutional and a complete disregard of the supreme courts orders.
reetika khera, associate professor of economics in iit delhi, accused the government of creating false impression that the sc orders have become redundant following the enactment of the aadhaar act.
the most common trick used by the government to get around the courts order is to state that those who do not have aadhaar can continue to get their entitlements if they enrol for it and that the government will facilitate this.
this is sugar-coating on a bitter pill, says khera.
you just stop getting your entitlements  until you enrol for it.
this is the reality of it, though the government vehemently denies it.
the civil society has been alleging government is maintaining a double-standard on the issue.
though enrolment for aadhaar is voluntary, you have to compulsorily enroll for it if you want any entitlements from the state, pointed out anjali bhardwaj of satark nagrik sangathan.
some even say the identification number is a tool for the government to keep a tab on the residents.
nandan nilekani, the first chief of uidai, however, dismissed all concerns about aadhaar-linked state surveillance: surveillance is the last thing on the governments agenda.
the mobile phone is a bigger tool of surveillance than aadhaar.
ajay bhushan pandey, chief executive officer at uidai, said: the act ensures that no one is denied of any benefits for the want of the aadhaar.
it is required only for ensuring that the benefits reach the right individuals.
since 2012, the uidai has done 500 crore authentications, 100 crore ekyc transactions, 32 crore aadhaar enabled payment system transactions, and not a single case of identity theft or financial loss has been reported over a period of five years, he claimed.
with ever increasing last-mile glitches, connectivity and network issues, machine malfunctioning, there is a growing criticism that in a bid to weed out the fakes, the government is depriving many deserving people of their entitlements.
for the anomalies, the uidai officials pass the buck to concerned departments that implement the welfare schemes.
the aadhaar only helps various agencies and departments to identify a person, said a uidai official, adding if anyone is denied of his or her entitlement due to non-availability of the unique number, it is only because concerned officials are not properly following the law or the notification.
there are more than 30,000 common service centres where people can update their existing details.
they can also send details by post or email.
there is a special provision to enrol a child below five years by linking his/her details at the enrolment centres or the aadhaar id of the parent, he pointed out.
but those opposing the aadhaar are not convinced.
they argue technology is vulnerable to failures and is not a panacea for curbing corruption.
imagine if you had to board a flight or withdraw cash and your aadhaar-based biometric authentication, mandatory for the transaction, fails, and you are requested to go re-enroll and wait for records to be updated, khera said.
bhardwaj maintained that corruption could take place even in the welfare schemes that are based on aadhaar authentication such as pds.
after the authentication, the ration shop owners can give less provisions than what is entitled, citing lack of availability or supply.
in such a scenario, what can the beneficiaries do?
there is no redressal mechanism in place.
how will the thumb authentication ensure that the ration shop is not depriving the beneficiary?
she asked.
amid these claims and counterclaims, the reality perhaps lies somewhere in between.
the aadhaar will solve only a part of the problem.
it cannot be a one stop solution for all ails, said a senior uidai official.
read about the people entangled in the aadhaar web of confusion:identity crisis: sabra khatoon ansari, jagdamba campsabra khatoon ansari holds up her aadhaar card which erroneously mentions her sex as male.
(arun sharma/ht photo)nine-year-old sabra khatoons sex on the aadhaar card is mentioned as male.
due to the anomaly, she is facing severe identity problems to get benefits of various government welfare schemes such as laadli and ews medical card.
her father md salam attributes the error to chaos at the aadhaar enrolment centre where his daughter got her biometric data registered in 2014.
he says several attempts by him to rectify the mistake went in vain.
missing laadli: mahi, motilal nehru camp, near jnusaroj and prem kumar kanojia with their daughter mahi, who could not be enrolled for the laadli scheme.
(arun sharma/ht photo)mahi, born to saroj and prem kumar kanojia on august 4, 2016 could not be enrolled for the laadli scheme as she did not have an aadhaar card.
they said despite several visits to aadhaar centre to get the all-important card for their daughter did not yield any result.
they were sent back on the ground that the child is too young for the registration.
scholarship woes: swayam gupta, motilal nehru camp, near jnuswayam gupta , with his mother geeta.
swayam has lost out on a school scholarship because his name is misspelt on his aadhaar card.
(arun sharma/ht photo)the syndicate bank passbook of swayam gupta shows an entry of rs 1200 on 24/11/2016 in his account.
however, he cannot withdraw the money as his name in the aadhaar card has been erroneously spelled as shivam.
his mother geeta was told by bank officials that her son will not be able to take out the money credited in his account to purchase books and uniforms due to the mismatch.
swayam studies in class 4 in the government school at sector 3, r k puram.
kaagzon pe sarkar chaltee hai (government depends only on paper), says geeta gupta, lamenting that just because of a clerical error her son is not getting his school scholarship.
pension pain: rukampal, jagdamba camp, malviya nagarrukampal, who runs an ironing stall, cannot claim his pension because of an error in his year of birth on his aadhaar card.
(arun sharma/ht photo)rukampal is not getting his monthly old-age pension because his age mentioned on the aadhaar card is less than the pensionable age.
as per the voter id card, rukampals age as on 1/1/2013 is 67 years, whereas his aadhaar card issued on 8/3/2012 mentions his year of birth as 1957, that makes him 55-year-old at the time of the enrolment.
to correct the mistake, rukampal says he even paid rs 300 to a local agent, who works at the aadhaar enrolment centre to make a new aadhaar card.
nothing came out of it.
after the delhi government revised the old age and disability pensions, senior citizens in the age group of 60-69 years are now entitled to get rs 2,000 monthly, while those above 70 years get rs 2,500 per month.
iss burdape mein bhee koi sahayta nahee (there is no respite even in this old age), he said.
kalpana chawla, the first woman of indian origin to go to space, will be posthumously awarded the special achievement award on january 11 at the first haryana pravasi divas.
her father, bl chawla, will receive the award.
chawla, who was born in karnal, was one of the seven crew members killed in the space shuttle columbia disaster in 2003.
she will be awarded for her achievements in the field of science.
apart from her, 18 noted personalities of haryanvi origin will also be awarded the haryana gaurav samman at the event, said a government spokesperson.
the haryana pravasi divas is the first event for non-resident indians of haryanvi origin and is being held to connect them with their roots and draw them to invest in the state.
the state government has collaborated with the confederation of indian industry (cii) for the two-day event scheduled to be held at kingdom of dreams on tuesday and wednesday.
two villages of haryana  sui in bhiwani district and dangra in fatehabad district  have been adopted by nris jagmohan jindal and gaurav aggarwal respectively for philanthropic activities.
jindal and aggarwal will interact with the villagers through videoconferencing at the event, the spokesperson said.
deputy commissioners, police heads and district public relations officers would also join the video conference.
non-resident haryanvis who are doing or are planning to take up philanthropic activities in any part of the state would also be honoured in the valedictory function on january 11.
some memorandums of understanding (mous) for investment are also expected to be signed in the event, said the spokesperson.
among others, the event will be attended by sportspersons deepa malik, vijender singh, akhil kumar, jitender kumar, sangram singh, dalip singh rana (the great khali), yogeshwar dutt, sakshi malik, geeta phogat, babita phogat, anjum chopra, kapil dev, chetan sharma and joginder sharma.
apart from chief minister manohar lal khattar and some state ministers, union ministers nirmala sitharaman, piyush goyal, general (retd) vk singh, smriti irani, birender singh, krishan pal gurjar, narendra singh tomar, prakash javadekar and ravishankarprasad prasad are also expected to attend the event.
the government started a new legal aid program at nearly 500 villages in uttar pradesh and bihar on sunday.
an official press release described the program as a pilot before the rollout of a larger, national initiative.
it did not specify a time frame.
the number of centres is set to double in the next phase, ultimately leading to the coverage of 1,800 panchayats across 10 states.
the new service, which the government refers to as the tele-law scheme, is the product of a partnership between the law and it ministries, each of which is headed by ravishankarprasad prasad.
tele-law will fulfil our commitment to ensure access to justice and empowerment of the poor, said prasad in the press release.
the common services centres and paralegal volunteers will offer easy legal advice to litigants in rural india, making them digitally and financially inclusive.
the scheme aims at to recruit all female volunteers, placing one at each village centre.
the lawyers involved are selected by the national legal services authority, a central government body.
they will be based in state capitals and communicate with villagers through video conferencing.
the platform will connect law school clinics, district legal service authorities, voluntary service providers and ngos working on legal aid and the empowerment of marginalized communities.
tele-law falls under the access to justice project for marginalized persons, a un program being handled in india by the law ministry.
a mob, enraged over an objectionable comment on facebook, vandalised a police station in azamgarh in uttar pradesh on saturday, demanding action against the arrested youth under the national security act (nsa).
the incident happened in sarai mir police station on saturday after the youth posted the comment against a religion on the social networking platform a day earlier.
enraged locals barged into the police station and indulged in heavy stone pelting, damaging a police vehicle on saturday noon, police said.
nizamabad sub-divisional magistrate, vagish kumar shukla sustained injury in his leg during the incident.
nizamabad circle officer, ravishankarprasad singh said the situation had been brought under control.
a heavy police force was deployed in the town to avoid any untoward incident.
the police had arrested the youth on friday itself.
however, locals in large numbers reached sarai mir police station at around 10am on saturday and started shouting slogans demanding action against the youth under the nsa.
police officers at police station tried to pacify the crowd, saying that the youth had been arrested.
more locals joined the crowd.
then cops informed senior authorities about it.
subsequently, circle officer ravishankarprasad prasad and sdm vagish kumar shukla along with a heavy police force reached the police station.
not paying any heed to the request made by the cops, the angry mob barged into the police station and created ruckus there.
the police used tear gas shells and mild force to disperse the crowd.
the voting will take place for 59 seats including varanasi in uttar pradesh from where modi is seeking re-election, bringing the curtain down on the seven-phased mammoth electoral exercise which began on april 11.
in the last phase of polling, 13 seats each in uttar pradesh and punjab, nine in west bengal, eight seats each in bihar and madhya pradesh, all four constituencies in himachal pradesh, three in jharkhand and one seat in the union territory of chandigarh will witness the polling.
according to election commission of india (eci), over 10.
01 lakh voters will decide the fate of 918 candidates.
the counting of votes will take place on may 23.
follow live updates below:9:20 am ist seers from gorakhnath temple cast vote yogi kamalnath, the officiating chief priests of gorakhnath temple cast his vote with others seers of temple.
9:09 am ist voters in bhangar allege intimidation by tmc strongmen in bhangar under west bengals jadavpur lok sabha constituency in bengal, a section of voters alleged intimidation by tmc strongmen on saturday night, who warned them not to venture to the polling station in the morning.
but policemen went to the villages in uttar gazipur and encouraged them to vote.
however, former tmc mla arabul islam rejected the allegation saying the allegations were false.
9:05 am ist union minister ravishankarprasad prasad casts vote union minister and bjp leader ravishankarprasad prasad arrived in bihars patna to cast his vote at booth no.
77 in patna womens college.
8:24 am ist tmc candidate abhishek banerjee casts vote cm mamata banerjees nephew and tmc leader, abhishek banerjee casts his vote at polling booth no.
208 in south kolkata parliamentary constituency.
whatever he (pm) said in meeting on 15 may in diamond harbour, he has to substantiate those statements with ample proof & justify what he said.
if he fails to do so ill sue him in the criminal and defamation cases.
ill drag him to the court & do the needful, he said, reported by news agency.
8:22 am ist bjp candidate from kolkata north casts vote bjp candidate from kolkata north rahul sinha cast his vote at polling booth in west bengals jadavpur.
8:13 am ist first-time voters in punjab get certificate of appreciation first-time voters in punjab received certificate of appreciation after casting their vote.
first time voter manmeet kaur showing ink mark and voter id card after casting vote outside the polling station during seventh and last phase of parliamentary polls in amritsar ( sameer sehgal/ht photo ) anandita (r) surbhi (c) and kavita ( l) first time voter at a polling booth in jalandhar.
( pardeep pandit/ht photo )8:07 am ist evm snag in patna evm malfunction was reported at booth no.
6 in pant nagar of bihars patna sahib (lok sabha constituency), reported news agency ani.
8:00 am ist harbhajan singh queues up to cast vote cricketer harbhajan singh queued up to cast his vote at a polling booth in jalandhars garhi village in punjab.
7:56 am ist elections should not be held over such a long duration: nitish kumar elections should not be held over such a long duration, there was a long gap between each phase of voting.
i will write to leaders of all parties to build a consensus on this, said bihar cm nitish kumar.
7:50 am ist bihar cm nitish kumar casts his vote bihar chief minister nitish kumar cast his vote at polling booth number 326 at a school in raj bhawan, in bihars patna.
7:49 am ist bihar deputy cm sushil modi casts his vote bihar deputy chief minister sushil modi cast his vote at booth number 49 in bihars patna.
7:34 am ist all eyes on varanasi, big test for sp-bsp alliance in east up varanasi, the seat of prime minister narendra modi, will go to polls along with 12 other parliamentary seats on may 19, the last phase of the ongoing general elections.
the state voted in all the seven phases of the month-long polls.
all 13 constituencies lie in the eastern region of the state.
in 2014, the bharatiya janata party and allies had won all these seats, including gorakhpur, the home turf of up cm yogi adityanath.
varanasi looks largely predictable, but bjp cannot be sure of repeating its 2014 performance in the region.
7:22 am ist pm modi urges voters to turn up in record numbers today is the final phase of the 2019 lok sabha elections.
i urge all those voting in this phase to vote in record numbers.
your one vote will shape indias development trajectory in the years to come.
i also hope first time voters vote enthusiastically, tweeted prime minister narendra modi.
7:16 am ist glad to see voters enthusiasm: up cm yogi adityanath im glad about the enthusiasm with which the voters have participated in the electoral process.
the entire election circled around pm modi, said up chief minister yogi adityanath after casting his vote in gorakhpur.
7:08 am ist uttar pradesh cm yogi adityanath casts his vote uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath cast his vote at polling booth no.
246 in uttar pradeshs gorakhpur.
he was accompanied by bhojpuri actor and bjp candidate ravi kishan.
7:05 am ist vote in favour of development, tweets amit shah   ,              , , ,                             ,         chowkidar amit shah (@amitshah) may 19, 20197:00 am ist voting begins voting on 59 seats across 8 states begins.
according to election commission of india (eci), over 10.
01 lakh voters will decide the fate of 918 candidates.
the counting of votes will take place on may 23.
6:55 am ist voting across 8 states to begin shortly in the last phase of polling, 13 seats each in uttar pradesh and punjab, nine in west bengal, eight seats each in bihar and madhya pradesh, all four constituencies in himachal pradesh, three in jharkhand and one seat in the union territory of chandigarh will witness the polling.
6:50 am ist voters queue outside polling booths people have begun queuing up outside polling stations in jharkhands dumka lok sabha constituency, to cast their votes.
voting for the 7th and last phase of lok sabha elections 2019 will begin at 7 am today.
6:30 am ist battle for india enters the final lap the seven-phase poll process for electing the 17th lok sabha will come to an end with voting in 59 parliamentary constituencies (pcs) on sunday.
more than two months of official campaigning for the 2019 general elections ended on friday.
the election commission of india (eci) had announced the schedule on march 10.
releasing the bjp sankalp patra, or manifesto, for lok sabha elections 2019 on monday, prime minister narendra modi said the government was moving ahead with one mission and one direction.
he said the development had to be flexible to suit the countrys diversity, it had to be multi-layered and multi-directional.
the party manifesto charted 75 milestones india @75 had to achieve, chief focus being on the farm sector, education, health and infrastructure.
party chief amit shah said, in five years, the government led by prime minister narendra modi has taken 50 major decisions for the betterment of the country.
from 2014-19, our government has transformed the country.
.
.
these have been the golden yearsothers present at the function were ministers sushma swaraj, arun jaitley, rajnath singh and other senior leaders.
the ruling party promised pension for small and medium farmers and shopkeepers, days after the congress vowed to bring about several welfare measures, including a grant of rs 72,000 to the poorest 20  households in the country, if voted to power.
members of the bjps parliamentary board, its apex body, prime minister narendra modi and its chief amit shah were present at the launch of the manifesto in new delhi.
senior bjp leader arun jaitley had on sunday unveiled campaign themes and other materials of the partys election campaign.
the party has chosen the slogan phir ek baar modi sarkar as its election tagline and its campaign will revolve around the narendra modi-led governments achievements in the past five years.
and the congress, on its part, has adopted the official campaign tagline of ab hoga nyay, centred around its minimum income guarantee scheme and party president rahul gandhi.
the bjp crowdsourced its manifesto and held events across the country to get inputs from different sets of voters like farmers, youths, women, businessmen and others.
union home minister rajnath singh-led manifesto committee of the bjp had decided to form 15 sub-panels to reach out to the different group of voters in january this year.
the 20-member manifesto committee includes union ministers arun jaitley, ravishankarprasad prasad, nirmala sitharaman, thaawarchand gehlot, piyush goyal, and mukhtar abbas naqvi.
it also has former madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan, bihars deputy chief minister sushil modi, his uttar pradesh counterpart, keshav prasad maurya, among its members.
polling will be held in seven phases across the country from april 11 to may 19.
the results will be declared on may 23.
union minister for communications and information technology ravishankarprasad prasad will inaugurate the kesarbagh rail overbridge (rob) in indore on sunday.
the 800-metre rail overbridge project was hanging fire for the last eight years and was finally completed under the supervision of the madhya pradesh high court.
a prey to bureaucratic red tape and political slugfest, several politicians, including the chief minister, had earlier turned down the request to inaugurate the rail overbridge.
lok sabha speaker and partys mp from indore, sumitra mahajan, had opted to stay away from controversial rail overbridge right from the beginning, while recently chief minister shivraj singh chouhan too turned down the idas request for formally opening the rail overbridge.
a few locals, supported by congress legislator jitu patwari, on january 6 evening drove on the over-bridge in their vehicles as a symbolic protest against the prolonged delay in robs construction.
the ida and its contractors had missed as many as 14 deadlines set by the madhya pradesh high court.
sanjay kamle, who had moved the high court against prolonged delay in completion of the rob, said the act was a reaction to the idas reluctant behaviour.
the contract for construction of the bridge was awarded on july 16, 2007 and it was slated to complete by july 15, 2008.
pm narendra modi on sunday addressed a public meeting in udhampur in jammu and kashmir after inaugurating the countrys longest road tunnel, the chenani-nashri tunnel, in the state.
the 9.
2 km-long tunnel will reduce the travel time between jammu and srinagar by 2 hours.
it is also indias first and the worlds sixth tunnel to have transverse ventilation system, providing fresh air to passengers.
earlier in the day, the pm also attended allahabad high courts 150th year celebrations, ahead of his trip to jammu.
the prime minister arrived at bamrauli airport at 10:20am and proceeded to the allahabad high court grounds.
after attending the function, modi flew to jammu and kashmir in a special aircraft from bamrauli airport at 12:25pm.
watch this space for live updates:5:57 pm: pm says there are plans to make nine more tunnels like this in the future which wont be mere road networks but will belinks connecting hearts.
5:51 pm: pm says people sitting on the other side of the border cant handle themselves.
we want to show people of pok how development will take place in kashmir.
he says we want to tell them that those who have illegally occupied their lands, how much they have destroyed them.
kashmiriyat insaniyat jamhooriyat ke moolmantra ko leke hum kashmir ko vikas ki nayi unchaiyon par leke jayenge: pm modi in udhampur pic.
twitter.com/dzlmftz76i  ani (@ani_news) april 2, 20175:49 pm: pm says there are two roads for the youth of kashmir- tourism or terrorism.
he says for 40 years, innocent people have bled and the valley was left smeared in blood.
no body has been benefitted from the bloodshed and it will never help anyone.
isi 40 saal mein agar tourism par bal diya hota toh aaj poori duniya kashmir ghaati ke charnon mein aakar baithi hoti: pm modi in udhampur pic.
twitter.com/ppbjihgre8  ani (@ani_news) april 2, 20175:45 pm: pm says the tunnel is the fate line of kashmir valley.
he highlights that the farmers of the region can transport their vegetables, flowers and products to delhi on time.
the tunnel will guarantee and bolster tourism in the land.
5:44 pm: pm modi says some youth are involved in pelting stones but others are busy in cutting stones (to make the tunnel) to build the future of kashmir valley.
5:40 pm : pm says the tunnel is a long jump towards development for jammu and kashmir.
he says the construction of tunnel will be a big news for environmentalists around the world.
we have laid down the tunnel in the himalayas and have successfully done our task of protecting the environment, he says.
5:35 pm: pm addresses public meeting at udhanpur.
he asks people to put on their mobile phone flash and chant bharat mata ki jai to collectively inaugurate the tunnel.
5:25 pm: cm mehbooba mufti addresses public meeting, congratulates pm modi for landslide victory in uttar pradesh assembly elections and thanks him for constructing the tunnel.
j&k: 'modi-modi' chants at udhampur rally venue as cm mehbooba mufti congratulates pm modi for landslide election victory in uttar pradesh pic.
twitter.com/azs3h8j1fi  ani (@ani_news) april 2, 20175:15 pm: union ministers jitendra singh, nitin gadkari addresses rally.
5:10 pm: prime minister reaches udhampur to address a public meeting.
prime minister narendra modi to address a public meeting in jammu and kashmir's udhampur shortly pic.
twitter.com/b5tyl1uwsx  ani (@ani_news) april 2, 20173:50 pm: pm modi, accompanied by union minister nitin gadkari, state chief minister mehbooba mufti among others, inspects the facilities inside the tunnel.
3:40 pm: pm narendra modi inaugurates chenani-nashri tunnel in the jammu-srinagar highway.
he takes a tour of the tunnel on an open jeep.
pm @narendramodi inaugurates asia's longest #chenaninashri road tunnel in j&k pic.
twitter.com/ojnpf5dzr9  doordarshan news (@ddnewslive) april 2, 2017pm @narendramodi taking a tour of the #chenaninashri tunnel @airnewsalerts @pib_india pic.
twitter.com/fnnve9h5pp  radio news jammu (@rkrnujammu) april 2, 201712:50pm: i hope the dream of new india and the new generation can be successful: modi ends speech12:45pm: im happy to say our govt has simplified laws, abolished 1200, in less than five years: pm modi says, speaking about the benefits of digitisation.
with the aide of technology, even the judiciarys work can be made easier.
why shouldnt we use video-conferencing to communicate instead of transporting prisoners to court.
.
.
even start ups can help the judiciary by creating innovative services and apps for them.
technology will empower the judiciary, and save money and time: modi12:40pm: pm praises the contribution of lawyers in the indian freedom struggle against the british.
watch | pm modi speaks at allahabad hc12:35pm: prime minister narendra modi starts his address, says law has to be fair for all.
quoting dr radhakrishnan, modi says law strives to ensures justice for all, not just the rich.
pm recalls mahatma gandhi s philosophy that every decision must benefit the weakest section of the society.
modi says gandhi took the freedom struggle to the common man.
12:15pm: cji khehar addresses the audience and talks on the issue of judicial vacancies.
he says, shortage of judges handicaps the judicial system, adding that an impact can be made if judges work on some of their vacations.
11:34am: we fought against emergency, therefore we are committed to independence of judiciary, says union law minister prasad11:33am: prasad also calls for expedited appointment of judges to the allahabad high court11:31am: central law minister ravishankarprasad prasad says the justice department will launch a portal shortly to give legal aid.
asks lawyers to register so as to give legal aid to poor11:24am: postal department issues an envelope on the occasion to mark the courts 150 years11:15am: supreme court judge deepak misra releases a silver coin on occasion of sesquicentennial celebration11am: pm modi, adityanath, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad, cji khehar on stage at the function marking allahabad hcs 150th year.
10:24am: pm modi is greeted by yogi adityanath as he arrives in allahabad9:30am: a short circuit inside the tent set up for the programme.
security and fire brigade personnel bring things under control.
8:30am:pms up visit 9:40am: cm yogi adityanath and governor ram naik will arrive at bamrauli airport in a state helicopter.
they will receive the pm at the airport before leaving for the venue of the function.
10:30am: closing ceremony of allahabad hcs 150th year celebrations.
pm modi will leave for jammu after the function.
1:05pm: up governor and chief minister will fly back to lucknow.
other dignitaries who will attend the function in allahabad include chief justice of india jagdish singh khehar, up governor ram naik, union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad, up chief minister yogi adityanath, chief justices and judges of other high courts.
indiaupdated: sep 18, 2019 13:38 istlaw minister ravishankarprasad prasad spoke on the abrogation of article 370 in jammu & kashmir at the hindustan purvodaya 2019.
he said that article 370 scrapping will help the common man of the valley.
the law minister also said that many of indias laws were not applicable on the valley due to article 370, and the modi government has now fulfilled sardar patels dream.
the congress on thursday demanded the resignations of defence minister nirmala sitharaman and law minister ravishankarprasad prasad, a day after the supreme court ruled it would consider information based on leaked official documents while deciding the merits of review petitions against its december 2018 verdict rejecting a court-monitored probe into the rs 59,000 crore rafale jet fighter deal.
the order of the supreme court in the rafale review petition case is a huge rebuff to the central government, which raised the specious plea of `stolen documents.
we demand the resignation of the defence and law ministers who authorised the plea of stolen documents, senior congress leader and former finance minister p chidambaram tweeted.
his party colleague, abhishek manu singhvi, alleged that the modi government had made lies, falsehood, deceit, treachery and fakery the foundation of its defence in the rafale deal.
the bharatiya janata party (bjp) has refused to comment on the matter.
addressing reporters at the congress headquarters in delhi, singhvi said, their defenceless defence minister and lawless law ministers fallacious arguments and bogus spins could not save the day for them after the supreme court order to hear the rafale case afresh based on new evidences and documents.
from day one, singhvi alleged, the modi government has lied in the supreme court.
the modi government mischievously lied to the supreme court when they said that the cag [comptroller and auditor general] report on the rafales pricing had been made public and examined by the public accounts committee, a statement that was denied swiftly by pac chairman mallikarajun kharge, he claimed.
the recently launched bharat interface for money (bhim) app has seen more than 140 lakh registration, it minister ravishankarprasad prasad said here on friday.
the recently launched bhim app by the government of india will unleash the power of mobile phones for digital payments and financial inclusion.
so far, over 140 lakh people have adopted the bhim app, prasad said.
read: budget 2017: jaitley says bhim app now has 125 lakh downloadshe added that the government will launch two new schemes to promote the usage of bhim -- referral bonus scheme for individuals and a cashback scheme for merchants.
aadhaar pay, a merchant version of aadhaar enabled payment system, will also be launched shortly.
this will be specifically beneficial for those who do not have debit cards, mobile wallets and mobile phones.
read: the battle of wallets: bhim app vs paytm, mobikwik, freechargedigital economy aims for speed, accountability and transparency.
we are also creating an eco-system to make india a global hub for electronics manufacturing, the minister said, adding: over 250 investment proposals for electronics manufacturing have been received in the last two years, totalling an investment of rs 1.
26 lakh crore.
for tabla maestro fazal qureshi, april 29 will not mark just another concert in memory of his father, ustad alla rakha.
it is the culmination of a three-month-long walk down memory lane, as he tries to narrate the story of the man who put the tabla on the world map.
to celebrate the beginning of alla rakhas birth centenary year, qureshi along with actor-storyteller danish husain, present a musical tribute titled the journey continues.
the show recreates his top compositions and intersperses them with stories from his life and his journey from lahore to mumbai.
for me, the last three months were all about tracing my fathers life and getting to know him better, says qureshi.
i learnt more about his life before he became a tabla player, how he met his guru and came to mumbai, and how he composed music for films between the 1940s and late 50s!
allah rakha composed for close to 30 films under the name of ar qureshi, including the 1952 raj kapoor-nargis starrer bewafa and indias first sound film, alam ara, in 1956.
it was only during my research for this concert that i learnt that my father also sang for stalwarts like prithviraj kapoor, says qureshi.
the performance will have two songs from his films, and compositions that were created in collaboration with the legendary sitar exponent pandit ravishankarprasad (one from a concert attended by jimi hendrix), drummer buddy rich and violinist yehudi menuhin.
it weaves in not just music from around the world, but artistes from different communities.
with performers like zubin balaporia on the keyboard, sridar parthasarathy on the mridangam, sheldon dsilva playing the bass and dilshad khan on the sarangi, it aims to be a night where music truly transcends borders.
husain has been doing his own share of research into the life of ustad alla rakha.
i was amused to learn that after american percussionist mickey hart first heard an lp recording of abbaji playing the tabla, he thought there were was more than one artist performing, he says.
it was difficult for him to imagine that one man alone was able to create something so beautiful.
the storyteller has also been reading zakir hussains biography, a life in music, which is full of little anecdotes about how alla rakha influenced him.
the book talks about how he instilled discipline in zakir hussains life by making him practice tabla bols every morning between 3 am and 6 am, before school, he says.
that level of dedication is unmatched.
qureshi believes that the concert is more than a way to pay homage to his father; it is a chance for younger, upcoming musicians to honour their mentors as well.
i have andrew kanga on the drums who is heavily inspired by buddy rich and abhisek mallick, a sitar player from kolkata, who is a third generation protg of ravishankarprasad , he says.
this is a big opportunity for them to keep the tradition alive.
what: the journey continues, an alla rakha tribute showwhen: sunday, april 29where: st. andrews auditorium, bandra west, 7pmpasses: free.
cracks have appeared in the bihar cricket association (bca) over implementation of the lodha committee recommendations on structural reforms, as ordered by the supreme court.
in a surprise move, a bca group, led by its secretary ravishankarprasad prasad singh, showed the door to some office-bearers, including treasurer ram kumar, justifying it on the pretext of implementing reforms suggested by the lodha panel.
the rival group led by ram kumar, who was the coach of deputy chief minister tejashwi prasad yadav during the latters cricketing days, alleged that secretary singh had taken the decision without the due approval.
the name of ram kumar, who became treasurer in a joint bca (comprising sharma and siddiqui groups) election on september 23, 2015, was removed from the list of office-bearers published on the bca website launched here on saturday.
kumar had contested the election as candidate of the group led by abdul bari siddiqui, now the state finance minister.
some other office-bearers, like senior vice president syed mumtazuddin, who is now the vice chancellor of veer kunwar singh university, ara, too did not find place on the list posted on the website.
the website showed gopal bohra as the president of bca, following the disqualification of finance minister abdul bari siddiqui in the wake of a supreme court order, as ministers cannot hold any post in the bcci or state cricket associations.
the bca also enlisted a new name, that of anand kumar, as treasurer, replacing ram kumar.
when asked about the omission, bca secretary singh said new office-bearers were nominated by the house at a meeting held on january 22.
we got approval from the bcci to go ahead with the new set of office-bearers, he said.
ram kumar, however, rubbished the claim and said no special general meeting was held to seek approval of the house for the new set of office-bearers.
he said at a meeting held prior to january 22, it was decided that each office-bearer would send an affidavit to bcci ceo rahul johri and to the lodha panel, declaring that the post held by respective persons did not violate the lodha panel recommendations.
i have submitted my affidavit to the bca secretary for further action, kumar said.
kumar, who works with the state bank of india, said his removal was a deliberate attempt by the present secretary to dislodge elected representatives belonging to the siddiqui group, from bca functioning.
the secretary is himself holding two other posts - president of arwal district cricket association (adca) and vice-president of patna district cricket association (pdca), he added.
he said singh has been holding posts in the bca committee of management since 2008.
he should have a cooling off period as per the lodha recommendations, he added.
a whopping 40.
54 lakh cases are pending across the country in 24 high courts which are also grappling with almost 44  shortage of judges, at a time when the judiciary and executive have differed over appointment of judges in the higher judiciary.
these astonishing figures have cropped up in the indian judiciary annual report 2015-2016 issued by the supreme court, according to which out of a total sanctioned strength of 1,079 judges for the high courts, only 608 judges are working, as per the data compiled till june 30 last year.
this shortage amounts to 43.
65  of the total sanctioned strength of high court judges, the data showed.
out of the total 40.
54 lakh cases pending in all the high courts as on june 30 last year, 29,31,352 were civil cases and 11,23,178 criminal matters, while 7,43,191 matters are over a decade old.
appointment of judges in the higher judiciary has been a bone of contention between the two agencies.
while the apex court has told the government that it cannot bring judiciary to a grinding halt by not appointing high court judges, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said on thursday that the government has so far appointed 126 judges, the highest since 1990, and in high courts about 131 additional judges have been confirmed.
the worst affected among the high courts is the allahabad high court which has been functioning with less than half the sanctioned judges strength, leading to the amassing of over 9.
24 lakh pending cases, the highest among all the high courts in the country, of which 3,09,634 cases are over 10-year-old.
this high court had only 78 judges out of sanctioned strength of 160, as per the figures in the 298-page report of the apex court.
the second high court having the maximum number of pending cases is the madras high court which had 3,02,846 pendency but the institution had only 38 judges out of its sanctioned strength of 75.
the bombay high court is facing a pendency of 2,98,263 cases out of which 53,511 matters are over 10-year-old.
this court has 64 judges working out of the sanctioned strength of 94, the data showed.
in terms of percentage, chhattisgarh high court is among the worst affected as it has around 37 per cent judges compared to its sanctioned strength -- eight out of 22, and a pendency of 54,094 cases.
the centre was firmly behind the victims of triple talaq, union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said in new delhi on thursday.
he added that while india respected freedom of religion and faith, discriminatory practices could not be held an integral part of it and protected.
prasad cited the practice of untouchability to assert that religious practices needed to be in accordance with the constitutional values and emphasised that gender justice, gender equality and gender dignity were at the core of the governments priority.
can, in a secular country like india, a big chunk of women be forced to live in a state of vulnerability, he asked.
prasad said the government was firmly behind the victims of triple talaq.
now, talaq is being given on whatsapp.
.
.
is this vulnerability permissible in our constitution, he asked.
the bjp leader pointed out that many countries, including iran, morocco, egypt, tunisia, indonesia, afghanistan, bangladesh and pakistan, had abolished the practice.
these are islamic countries and they have regulated triple talaq, which has not been found to be violative of sharia law (personal law), he said.
the law minister was responding to a series of questions on triple talaq and the centres stand on the issue in the supreme court.
if you want a definition for jet-set, here it is: no sooner had she touched down in india early this week was international fashionista and philanthropist natasha poonawalla already on her speed dial, making calls to invite friends for what is said to be the mother of all parties at her mumbai mansion in sobo, for newlyweds sonam kapoor and anand ahuja this weekend.
as is known, poonawalla could not attend their wedding celebrations as she was in the usa to attend the met ball, where her appearance on the red carpet in a bespoke couture dolce and gabbana gown is said to have put many a star in the shade, says a source.
so, she decided to host a party to continue the celebrations.
the poonawalla mansion, recently refurbished under her instruction, houses a staggering collection of european and indian masters, including van goghs and picassos, and rarely throws open its doors for a party on this scale, its residents preferring to host smaller, more intimate groups.
the last one had been in honour of tina brown and her women in the world series.
whats making this one a big-ticket affair is that not only is all of bollywood expected to roll up in the stipulated dress code of glamorous, but that the invitation has been issued in the glam hostess name alone.
husband aadar is traveling on work, but even so, it is a nice nod in the direction of female empowerment, said the source.
hope more of mumbais divas have the confidence to follow suit.
separated at birth?
(left) anil dharker and (right) margaret atwood.
anil dharker: erstwhile indian editor, one-time tv critic and host, popular columnist and founder and director of litlive, a festival that celebrates authors and books, held in november every year, and which holds literary events throughout the year in different locations in mumbai.
margaret atwood: canadian novelist, poet, literary critic, essayist, inventor, teacher and environmental activist who has published 17 books of poetry, 16 novels, 10 books of non-fiction, eight collections of short fiction, eight childrens books, and one graphic novel, as well as a number of small press editions in poetry and fiction.
wts wtmwhat they say: he told theresa may that uk courts asking about the condition of indian jails in vijay mallyas case is not right, as these are the same prisons where they had jailed our leaders like gandhi and nehru.
sushma swaraj to the media recently on what pm modi saidwhat they mean: and he meant the exact same prisons which the british had built over a century ago!
so much for development.
a touch of brightness(ltor) tv star tara sharma and her father late partap sharma.
in these days of gloom and doom, a touch of brightness: word comes in that the path-breaking play, a touch of brightness, written in 1965 by the late thespian, voice-over artist, author and alpha-male partap sharma, will be the opening reading at a festival celebrating south asian playwrights at the royal court theatre in london this evening.
as might be recalled, the play, set in mumbais red light district, had become a cause clbre when it was banned by regressive forces, and legal luminaries like soli sorabjee and iqbal chagla had argued eloquently for its freedom of expression.
the original cast had featured zohra sehgal and roshan sheth amongst others, and the radio version produced soon after had no less than dame judi dench as its protagonist along with music by ravi shankar!
wish dad was here to hear of this honor, said sharmas daughter, the actress and tv star tara sharma who along with husband, ad filmmaker roopak saluja and her mother sue, will be present for the occasion.
but, i truly believe legacies such as this, and love and family, keep him alive and present with us, she added.
indeed.
private security guards of jailed rjd chief lalu prasads elder son tej pratap yadav on sunday roughed-up a cameraperson while he was covering yadav at a polling booth.
yadav later alleged that the entire incident was a conspiracy to murder him.
the camera person who was beaten by yadavs security guards allegedly broke the windscreen of yadavs car.
the incident occurred when yadav was leaving after casting his vote.
yadav later went to a police station in the city and filed an fir in regard with the incident.
speaking to ani after the incident, tej pratap said, my bouncer did not beat anyone but has suffered an injury on his hand.
i was leaving a poll booth when some media persons surrounded my vehicle.
one of the camerapersons also hit the windscreen of my car.
he further dubbed the entire episode as a conspiracy to murder him and said, i have registered an fir.
in past also i have received threats.
i am being attacked continuously.
this all is planted and there is a conspiracy to murder me.
interestingly, yadav had arrived in an e-rickshaw to cast his vote at the polling station and had said that because his vehicle was taking time to come, he boarded the common mans ride.
patna is among the 59 constituencies which went to polls today.
congress leader shatrughan sinha is seeking to retain the seat for a third consecutive term this time and contesting against bjp leader and union minister ravishankarprasad prasad from the seat.
indiaupdated: aug 18, 2019 01:38 istan army soldier was killed when pakistani troops violated ceasefire along the line of control (loc) by firing shells in the nowshera sector of jammu and kashmirs rajouri district on saturday, prompting strong response from the indian army which inflicted casualties and heavy damage to pakistan army posts, a defence spokesman said.
indian army responded strongly and effectively.
heavy damage to pakistan army posts and casualties to pakistan soldiers have been inflicted by our troops, defence spokesperson lt col devender anand was quoted as saying by news agency pti.
the slain soldier has been identified as 35-year-old lance naik sandeep thapa, a resident of village rajawala in sahaspur district of dehradun.
he served in the army for 15 years, lt col anand said.
he attained martyrdom today in nowshera while defending the frontiers.
he was a brave soldier and the nation will remain indebted to him for his dedication to duty and supreme sacrifice, he said.
lance naik thapa, who is survived by his wife nisha thapa and a three-year-old son, was a brave, highly-motivated and sincere soldier.
the nation will always remain indebted to him for the supreme sacrifice and devotion to duty.
pakistani troops opened fire with small arms and mortars in the nowshera sector at around 6:30 am and indian soldiers retaliated, he added.
the ceasefire violation came two days after indias retaliatory fire in the kg sector of poonch district had left four pakistani soldiers dead.
since the indian government effectively revoked article 370, which gave jammu and kashmir its special status, and carved out two union territories of ladakh and j&k on august 5 and 6, pakistani army troops have been regularly violating the ceasefire along the loc and trying to push militants into j&k.
army chief general bipin rawat has already warned pakistan of a punitive response to any mischief on the borders.
last month, two army personnel and a 10-day-old baby were killed and several civilians injured in heavy pakistani shelling and firing in the twin districts of poonch and rajouri in jammu region.
minister warns pakistan of a befitting replythe union minister of law and justice ravishankarprasad prasad asserted on saturday that pakistan will get a befitting reply if any act is committed by terrorists in the backdrop of the nullification of article 370 in jammu and kashmir.
talking to media persons in nagpur, prasad said india was well prepared over the security of its own territory and if pakistan carried out any terror activity, it would be given a prompt and appropriate response.
reiterating that the nullification of article 370 was taken in the best interest of the country and was beneficial for the people of jammu and kashmir.
how can it be possible?
now the centre was committed for the overall development of jammu and kashmir and we are working for the people there, he said.
indiaupdated: aug 31, 2019 15:50 istthe ministry of electronics and information technology (meity) on saturday entered into a partnership with google with the aim of rolling out build for digital india, a programme that will give engineering students a platform to develop market-ready, technology-based solutions that address key social problems.
the programme will invite ideas from students to focus on areas of healthcare, agriculture, education, smart cities and infrastructure, women safety, smart mobility and transportation, environment, accessibility and disability and digital literacy.
as part of the programme, engineering students across the country will be invited to apply and join in a learning journey that will help them transform their bright ideas into real-world solutions.
applicants will take part in online and offline learning opportunities on key technologies such as machine learning, cloud and android.
these will be offered through googles developer student club network and other google developer networks.
google will also offer mentorship sessions in product design, strategy and technology to the most promising products and prototypes.
i am delighted that ministry of electronics and it and google have come together for build for digital india initiative.
this initiative will not only motivate the college students across india to innovate but will also produce some good technology solutions for some major social challenges of india, it minister ravishankarprasad prasad said in a statement.
a formal call to join the programme will be announced soon, google said.
advanced new technologies like machine learning and ai can help address at scale some of the toughest social challenges that india faces today, said karan bhatia, vice president, government affairs and public policy, google.
we are pleased to be partnering with meity to reach, inspire and equip todays young engineers with the technical and entrepreneurial skills and the mentorship they need to turn their bright ideas into tomorrows breakthrough solutions, bhatia added.
a sea of red broken only by patches of white was the sight in lucknow as the newly inducted samajwadi party member poonam sinha undertook a road show ahead of filing her nomination papers at the collectors office in lucknow on thursday.
poonam sinha, who is congress leader shatrughan sinhas wife, is contesting the lok sabha elections from lucknow against union home minister and senior bjp leader rajnath singh.
poonam joined the samajwadi party on tuesday in the presence of dimple yadav, samajwadi party chief akhilesh yadavs wife.
poonam sinhas candidature from lucknow was announced by akhilesh yadav a day later, on wednesday.
shatrughan sinha had earlier said that he would campaign for his wife, but not for any other non-congress leader.
as poonam sinha goes up against veteran bjp leader rajnath singh, congresss candidate from lucknow acharya pramod krishnan has protested against shatrughan campaigning for poonam sinha.
poonam sinhas road show began from the party office in lucknow on akhilesh yadavs kaam bolta hai rath.
accompanying her were shatrughan sinha and dimple yadav.
all three of them were raised via a hydraulic lift to the roof of the rath that the samajwadi party chief akhilesh yadav had got made especially for the 2017 assembly elections.
known as the kaam bolta hai rath, a throwback to the samajwadi partys slogan of kaam bolta hai (my work speaks for itself), it has been taken out every time the yadav family members have gone to file their nomination papers.
shatrughan sinha and poonam sinha inside the samajwadi partys kaam bolta hai rath as they head to the lucknow collectors office where poonam filed her nomination papers.
( ht photo )the procession also turned into a show of strength for the samajwadi party as all that anyone could see either in front or behind the rath were people wearing the samajwadi partys trademark red caps.
while poonam sinha was dressed in a light green, embroidered saree, dimple yadav wore a dark blue saree, with shatrughan sinha accompanying them in an off-white kurta pyjama.
addressing the crowds from the roof of the bus during the road show, shatrughan sinha said, our twin sons too are here.
the issue is of the family, the issue is the mahagathbandhan (sp-bsp-rld alliance), the issue is of mahaparivartan (major change), the issue is of samajwadi party, the issue is of bahujan samaj party; the issue is of lucknows development, the issue is of ups development; and above all the issue is of restoring the countrys lost glory.
in the fight against injustice, we are with you.
our family is with you.
poonam sinha waves to the crowds as shatrughan sinha and dimple yadav accompany her atop the rath during the road show taken out in lucknow on thursday.
( ht photo )shatrughan sinha, an outspoken critic of prime minister narendra modi and bjp chief amit shah, had opted to leave the bjp after he was dropped as the partys candidate from patna sahib.
the bjp instead opted to field union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad from the constituency.
shatrughan sinha formally joined the congress on april 6 in the presence of the congress president rahul gandhi.
he has been fielded from patna sahib as the congresss candidate against ravishankarprasad prasad.
opposition parties such as the congress, dmk, left and trinamool congress will go into a huddle on tuesday morning to evolve a joint strategy on the bill to criminalise the practice of instant triple talaq before it is introduced in rajya sabha.
the muslim women (protection of rights on marriage) bill, 2017 was passed in the lower house last week and is slated for passage in rajya sabha this week.
even as several opposition parties had demanded amendments and sought a review by a standing committee of parliament during the debate in lok sabha, the parties may recalibrate their positions before the muslim women (protection of rights on marriage) bill comes to rajya sabha.
after the bill gets rajya sabhas appropval, it will be forwarded to the president for signing it into law.
we will take a collective decision after talking to other political parties, a senior leader of the congress party said.
sources added that many opposition parties are not keen to refer the bill for standing committees scrutiny as it might send a wrong message that they are trying to delay the passage of the bill.
some parties may give notices for amendments to show that they want improvements in the bill.
sources said that opposition parties may avoid taking an individual stance vis--vis the sensitive triple talaq bill fearing political isolation even in the opposition quartets.
the government has pitched the bill as a major step for women rights and empowerment.
the opposition parties in the lok sabha, however, had pointed out what they think as loopholes in the historic bill.
the proposed law, which stipulated up to three years of jail and a penalty for violators, was passed amidst concern from opposition members that it was criminalising what was essentially a civil procedure, and that it could be misused.
some muslim womens groups have also raised concerns about maintenance if the husband is sent to jail.
the bill seeks to ensure the larger constitutional goals of gender justice and gender equality of married muslim women and help sub-serve their fundamental rights of non-discrimination and empowerment, union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad told the lower house.
the bill will only be applicable to instant triple talaq or talaq-e-biddat and gives power to a woman to approach a magistrate seeking subsistence allowance for her and her minor children.
a woman can also seek the custody of her minor children.
under the proposed law, instant triple talaq in any form  spoken, in writing or by electronic means such as email, sms and whatsapp is illegal and void.
though the congress supported the bill, it wanted the government to refer the proposed legislation to a parliamentary standing committee for wider consultations and broader consensus on the move.
the communist party of india (marxist), rashtriya janata dal, samajwadi party and indian union muslim league were among those that endorsed the congress stand.
talaq-e-biddat is banned in 22 muslim-majority countries, including pakistan and ultra-conservative saudi arabia.
muslim men in india can still divorce using two other forms of talaq that have a three-month cooling off period.
indiaupdated: aug 18, 2019 12:52 istformer bjp leader shatrughan sinha who had been severely critical of prime minister narendra modi on twitter in the past, changed gears on sunday to praise on him for his courageous, well-researched and thought-provoking independence day speech.
the actor-politician and former bjp lawmaker from patna sahib who joined the congress ahead of the lok sabha elections this year, lost to union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad from the patna sahib seat.
sinha who once described the bjp a two-man army, one-man show, tweeted, since im famous or infamous for calling a spade a spade, i must admit here, honble pm that your speech from the #redfort on 15th aug19 was extremely courageous, well researched & thought provoking.
superb delivery of the key problems facing the country.
since i'm famous or infamous for calling a spade a spade, i must admit here, hon'ble pm @narendermodi @pmoindia that your speech from the #redfort on 15th aug19 was extremely courageous, well researched & thought provoking.
superb delivery of the key problems facing the country.
shatrughan sinha (@shatrugansinha) august 18, 2019in his speech, modi had mentioned three key challenges for the country: population explosion, plastic pollution and not to regard wealth creators with suspicion.
but sinha is not the first congressman to hail modis i-day speech in which the prime minister had laid out a blueprint to tackle the countrys problems.
senior congress leader and former union finance minister p chidambaram had also given a thumbs up to the speech all of us must welcome three announcements made by the pm on i-day, chidambaram had tweeted.
all of us must welcome three announcements made by the pm on i-day> small family is a patriotic duty> respect wealth creators> shun single-use plastic  p. chidambaram (@pchidambaram_in) august 16, 2019but he also added that tax officials should take a cue from the pms speech to stop tax harassment.
asserting that joining the congress was not an overnight decision, shatrughan sinha has said he is hopeful of a long-term association with the party as he is a loyalist who doesnt do things in josh (impulsively) but hosh (consciously).
sinha also hit out at prime minister narendra modi for decisions such as demonetisation, implementation of the goods and services tax (gst), and asked him to come clean on the rafale deal issue.
why dont you (modi) come out and give a clarification (on rafale).
if you come forward and answer the questions raised on the rafale deal, will your 56 inches chest become six inches, he told pti in an interview after joining the congress.
on being fielded by the congress from patna sahib, sinha said he has the blessings of the people who fondly call him bihari babu.
asked if the bihari babu will make hat-trick of wins from patna sahib, the actor-turned-politician said: hope, wish and pray.
the moment you ask people who is shatrughan sinha, people will say he is from patna, he is our bihari babu, he said.
asked about his impending electoral battle with senior bjp leader ravishankarprasad prasad, sinha said he regards him as a family friend and has respect for him.
he (prasad) has four years in rajya sabha and some people may think he is fighting safe but even if he is fighting safe, so what.
my best wishes to ravishankarprasad prasad ji.
let the best man win.
but when i say this, it is for the people of patna to decide.
let them finalise it, he said.
on taking on the bjps formidable election machinery, sinha said: i need not worry.
.
.
the peoples blessings and their confidence counts more to me.
sinha, who has been critical of prime minister modi and bjp chief amit shahs leadership for long, joined the congress on saturday.
asked if it was a long-term association and commitment he had sealed with the congress, sinha said: havent i stayed with the bharatiya janata party (bjp) despite ifs and buts, and hiccups and road blocks over more than 25 years.
havent i been by their side since they had just two seats in lok sabha.
i am a loyalist, i am a friend, i dont take things overnight and dont leave things overnight.
he said he has always held the congress and the nehru-gandhi family in high-esteem.
sinha said that in his book anything but khamosh, he has stated that former prime minister indira gandhi was very fond of him and he always used to get affection from her.
i have written in my book that had she been alive, i would have been in the congress party only and not in any other party.
i have always held the nehru-gandhi family and congress in very high esteem, he said.
sinha asserted that even when he was a loyal, staunch supporter of the bjp, he never uttered a word against former congress president sonia gandhi and the nehru-gandhi family.
i see them as nation builders.
that family has contributed so much to the country, he said.
on joining the congress with a vision to serve in the long term, he said: hope so.
i dont do things overnight.
i dont do things in josh but hosh.
i have been thinking over it, observing and watching bjp peoples behaviour or rather ill behaviour, their performance or rather non-performance.
i have been seeing the bjps democratic system turn into an autocratic system.
gone our the days of collective decision.
it is certainly not the party of atal bihari vajpayee because you see what is happening to people like advani ji and others murli manohar joshi, yashwant sinha, arun shourie, he said.
lk advani was among several veteran bjp leaders who were dropped from their parliamentary seats this time by the party.
it seemed that the bjp decided to do so to ease out several of its old guards from electoral politics after keeping them out of government by introducing an age bar of 75 years.
as far as i am concerned.
.
.
they say either my way or the highway, i say id rather go the best way to the best party, the 73-year-old leader said.
he also heaped praises on congress president rahul gandhi.
he is a dynamic, tried, tested and successful leader and the face and future of india, sinha said.
he (rahul) does what he says and says what he does,he said.
asked if his fight from patna sahib this time is the biggest political challenge of his career, sinha said: not really.
i have got full faith in my people --people of patna sahib and the family of bihar.
they are also very fond of me and say im their bihari babu.
.
.
so this time also peoples blessings are there with me, he said.
sinha said though he would be campaigning against many of his former colleagues in the bjp, there were some he would not campaign against as with them he had a bond of once a friend, always a friend.
wednesday marked the 10th day in a row that fuel prices rose, to rs 77.
17 a litre of petrol and rs 68.
34 a litre of diesel in the capital, but law and information technology (it) minister ravishankarprasad prasad said a long-term solution is being worked out to address the price volatility.
after a 19-day hiatus in the run-up to the karnataka polls, the price of petrol has increased by rs 2.
54 in the last 10 days, and that of diesel by rs 2.
41.
consumers and opposition parties have been mounting pressure on the government to step in and provide relief from the rising prices.
the government is keen that instead of having an ad hoc measure, it may be desirable to have a long-term view which addresses not only the volatility but also the ambiguity arising out of frequent ups and downs, prasad said.
in 2017, the government introduced the practice of daily price revision of fuel prices, which were previously fixed every fortnight based on the international crude price and the rupees exchange rate.
the united progressive alliance government in 2010 deregulated the pricing of petrol.
the national democratic alliance administration followed suit with diesel in 2014.
analysts, consumers, and opposition parties have pointed out that the government hasnt passed on cuts in international fuel prices with the same alacrity with which it has raises.
indeed, the current government has increased duties on fuel when global prices of oil fell, and used the accruing revenue to shore up its own finances and reduce the deficit.
bonanza to central government is rs 25 on every litre of petrol.
this money rightfully belongs to the average consumer, former finance minister p chidambaram tweeted.
he added: central government saves rs 15 on every litre of petrol due to fall in crude oil prices.
it also puts additional tax of rs 10 on every litre of petrol.
the indian government took advantage of a slide in the price of crude oil since november 2014 to shore up revenue by hiking excise duty on fuel nine times between november 2014 and january 2016.
but in the face of surging crude price since december 2016, the government has slashed excise duty only once, by rs 2 in october 2017.
several oil marketing companies (omcs) such as indian oil and bharat petroleum have suggested that petroleum products should be brought under gst.
.
there is need to review taxation on the fuel, hindustan petroleum chairman mukesh kumar surana was quoted as saying by pti on wednesday.
the central government levies rs 19.
48 excise duty on a litre of petrol and rs 15.
33 on diesel.
local taxes and cesses vary from state to state.
faced with mounting pressure, government sources have told ht that an excise duty cut is on the cards while discussions are on with omcs to reimburse the dealers on their commission.
the government should have a price target for fuel prices so that the taxes can be adjusted around it.
and there should be stabilisation fund to protect the exchequer from fluctuations in revenue collection.
but by launching ambitious welfare programmes based on revenue from higher duty, the government was being extremely hopeful that low international crude prices will be a long-term phenomenon, said pronab sen, former chief statistician of india.
the row over samajwadi party lawmaker azam khans sexist remark in the lok sabha escalated into a huge firestorm on friday when lawmakers from most opposition and ruling parties demanded action against the uttar pradesh politician described by some, as a serial offender.
there were some suggestions that azam khan should be suspended if he didnt come out with a clear-cut apology.
the call on how to proceed against the lawmaker will be taken by speaker om birla who announced that he would call a meeting of leaders of political parties to discuss the episode before arriving at a decision.
follow live updates here.
azam khan and his boss akhilesh yadav werent in the house when members flagged his remarks soon after question hour.
union minister smriti irani led the charge.
let us not reduce this to a problem of just women.
this is a blot on all legislators including men, woman and child development minister smriti irani said.
you cannot misbehave with a woman and get away with it by just dramatizing it.
we cannot remain silent spectators, she said.
she called upon the house to speak in one voice that this is unacceptable.
and they did.
law minister ravishankarprasad prasad demanded that azam khan apologise or face suspension.
trinamool congress lawmaker mimi chakraborty didnt recommend any specific action against azam khan but urged the speaker to make sure it was, as she described it, something big.
nobody can stand in the parliament and tell a woman look into my eyes and talk.
speaker sir, all women here are expecting something big from you on this, she said.
finance minister nirmala sitharaman said azam khans remark was utterly condemnable and sought exemplary action against him.
i thank every member who supported a woman.
(but) to politicise an issue related to women is outrageous, we have to stand together.
let us stand together and speak in one voice which is what i thought was happening here.
but why the hesitation, why the dilemma?
she said, widely perceived as a reference to the congress stand.
adhir ranjan chowdhury of the congress, who had spoken earlier, had underlined that his party was against disrespecting women at any place but made it clear that this wasnt the first time.
there have been incidents when sonia gandhi ji was called italy ki katputli etc.
in the parliament, he said.
having made the point, the congress leader later clarified that his party was all for action against azam khan.
you do what is right, adhir ranjan chowdhury said, insisting that his party wouldnt allow the lok sabhas prestige to be lowered.
everyone should be respected, he said.
the uttarakhand government is set to introduce a vastly improved hi-tech online centralised customer care service to ensure a safe and hassle-free journey for lakhs of pilgrims ahead of the chardham yatra that is expected to begin in the first week of may, an official said on tuesday.
the hi-tech online centralised customer care service we are going to introduce this time will be different from the complaint redressal mechanism available on twitter, facebook and whatsapp, which was introduced some years back, said additional chief executive officer, uttarakhand tourism development board (utdb), c ravi shankar.
the new online mechanism will be a centralised system, which will help redress grievances and complaints of yatris besides promptly answering their general queries and ensuring a safe and hassle-free journey once the pilgrimage starts, he said.
under that system, not only will the services to be provided to yatris be prompt but those operating it will also ensure that once the issue is settled the quality of its disposal is also assessed.
shankar said multiple agencies like garhwal mandal vikas nigam (gmvn), a development corporation that handles yatra packages, district emergency operation centres (deocs) and 108 emergency mobile medical service would also be associated with the hi-tech centralised customer care service.
elaborating, he said deocs are located in all the districts which form parts of the chardham comprising the four fabled himalayan shrines of badrinath, kedarnath, gangotri and yamnotri.
similarly, the108 emergency mobile medical service will also be promptly available for yatris in case of emergencies like road accidents or natural disasters, the official said.
he said pilgrims in need of any service would be able to communicate their issues to the hi-tech online centralised customer care service via any of the social media platforms like twitter, facebook and whatsapp.
such a customer-friendly system is being put in place so that yatris could be provided prompt remedies to all issues they might face during the journey or any information they might need, shankar said.
elaborating, he mentioned visitors complaints might relate to overcharging of services or they might have queries pertaining to helicopter packages.
the hi-tech online customer care system will also promptly answer the simple queries the yatris may have about puja and the shrines which might form a part of their itinerary, shankar said, adding, the mechanism would also promptly answer their sos calls or calls for help in case of natural disasters or accidents in hilly areas.
irrespective of the kind of complaints the customer care system will receive from yatris they would be promptly answered and all agencies concerned will be immediately pressed into service to help the visitors in distress, he said referring to gmvn, deocs and the 108 emergency mobile medical service etc.
it is in light of such frequently received complaints, grievances and issues faced by yatris that the government decided to launch the hi-tech online customer care service for them, the official said.
he said that such a system is being tried out and we hope it would evolve as per our expectations and will work in a robust manner.
the state government had introduced its first online complaint redressal mechanism for the yatris visiting the chardham after the cataclysmic floods struck the fabled religious destination in 2013, killing thousands of people.
the hi-tech online customer care system we are going to launch is a much improved version of the complaint redressal mechanism, shankar clarified.
the supreme court reinstated criminal conspiracy charges against bjp leaders lk advani, murli manohar joshi and uma bharti in the babri masjid demolition case.
the cbi had petitioned the court for restoring criminal conspiracy charges against the senior bjp leaders for the demolition of the mughal-era mosque on december 6, 1992.
the incident sparked one of indias worst communal riots that left more than 3,000 people dead.
the ayodhya structure was demolished by supporters of the right-wing vishwa hindu parishad (vhp) over a belief that hindu god ram was born at the spot where babur, the first mughal emperor, had built the mosque.
here is how the situation progressed:1:55pm: bjps ravishankarprasad prasad defends party leaders, says they are behind lk advani, murli manohar joshi and others.
1:50pm: this country belongs to the cow, ganga, ram and the tricolour.
i will defend them if they are insulted, uma bharti says as she ends the press conference.
1:45pm: why should i regret it.
i was involved in the ayodhya incident.
i remain unrepentant.
1:40pm: i want to tell the country its time for the ram mandir to be built.
there is no conspiracy.
yes, i was there in ayodhya on december 6.
.
.
im not one of those who are glued to power: uma bharti1:35pm: union water resources minister uma bharti holds a press conference: she says there was no conspiracy in the babri masjid demolition case.
.
.
for ayodhya, for ganga, for the tricolour, im ready to bear any sentence.
.
.
why should i resign.
bharti turns the allegations against congress on the emergency when asked if she will resign on the opposition partys demand.
party which was behind emergency and 1984 riots has no right to demand my resignation: union minister uma bharti #babrimasjid pic.
twitter.com/jdwetlzlxc  ani (@ani_news) april 19, 2017the (babri masjid) case is yet to conclude.
im have not yet pronounced guilty.
for ram mandir, im ready to leave even indras seat, not just a ministerial seat.
1:19pm: congress leader kapil sibal speaks on the verdict: it is a substantial step forward in the cause of justice.
it means the majesty of law has been upheld.
.
.
im happy about that.
12:50pm: bjp reacts to the sc order, says the party will study the verdict in detail: ani quotes sambit patra as saying.
12pm: after the sc directive, shiv senas sanjay raut says the government should withdraw the chargesheet.
how can on one hand you do this and then talk of building ram mandir?
bjp was elected to uttar pradesh earlier this year, with construction of a ram mandir in ayodhya one of its primary poll planks.
11:15am: congress welcomes the sc ruling though it says it is delayed.
it is little late in the day but nevertheless satisfying to note that the law will be taking its own course, says congress spokesperson manish tewari.
11:10am: others who will face criminal conspiracy charges are vinay katiyar,sadhvi ritambara,satish pradhan,champat rai bansal and late giriraj kishore, reports ani11am: cbi shall ensure that on every hearing, there is a prosecution witness.
the case cannot be adjourned for want of a witness: sc10:55am: the apex court says the trial judge hearing the babri masjid demolition case shall not be moved out until he completes the trial in two years.
10:50am: bjp leader kalyan singh is protected from facing trial as he is a governor, but charges will be framed against him once ceases to be the governor.
kalyan singh is the governor of rajasthan.
10:45am: the babri masjid case will be transferred to lucknow court from rae bareli within four weeks, directs sc.
10:35am: the top court revives the charges 16 years after they were dropped by a lucknow court on technical grounds.
the bjp leaders are already being tried for making inflammatory speeches that provoked the kar sevaks to pull down the mosque.
the trial is being held in rae bareli.
the indian government has conveyed its concerns at a very senior level in the us administration on the move to curb h-1b visa processing, law and it minister ravishankarprasad prasad said on tuesday.
i think our concerns at a very senior level have already been conveyed to the government of usa.
i would not like to get into the details except that indian it companies are giving good value addition to us companies, prasad told reporters on the sidelines of icegov conference.
the us said last week it will temporarily suspend premium processing of h-1b visas from april 3, eliminating the option of shorter waiting period for the programme that helps highly skilled foreigners work at american firms.
under the current system, companies submitting applications for h-1b visas for potential employees can pay an additional sum for expedited service, which is known as premium processing.
the temporary suspension could last up to six months, according to the us citizenship and immigration services (uscis).
premium processing costs an additional $1,225 and ensures a response from the uscis within 15 days or the fee is refunded.
processing of standard h-1b applications takes between 3 and 6 months.
prasad said that the indian it companies are servicing more than 75  of fortune 500 companies.
they are making them more competitive and giving them extraordinary value addition.
i am given to understand that they have paid around $20 billion tax revenue in last 5 years.
they have created 4,00,000 jobs, not only in america but other parts of the world.
indian it companies and it professionals are giving lot of opening to american companies in india, prasad said.
he also said that the whole it movement in the world is based on sharing and reciprocity.
on recent reports of misuse of aadhaar data, prasad said that the unique id is completely safe and secure and that some people were trying to play mischief in a sponsored manner against whom police have taken action.
the supreme court collegium on wednesday deferred a decision on the elevation of uttarakhand high court chief justice km joseph to the top court.
a meeting of the collegium was necessitated after the government last week returned a recommendation to elevate justice joseph, saying at this stage does not appear to be appropriate.
after putting on hold justice josephs elevation, union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad on april 26 wrote to chief justice of india dipak misra: .
.
.
it would also not be fair and justified to other more senior, suitable, and deserving chief justices and senior judges of various high courts.
the collegium  a body of the five top judges headed by the chief justice of india (cji)  comprises justices j chelameswar, ranjan gogoi, mb lokur and kurien joseph.
prasad rejected on wednesday suggestions that the government had turned down the elevation of justice joseph as he had once overturned the imposition of presidents rule in the state.
he also said the geovernment had the right to seek the reconsideration of proposals sent by the supreme court collegium as the power flows from three apex court judgments.
responding to questions on the decision to stall justice josephs appointment to the top court, prasad said sponsored allegations are being levelled against the government by the congress party in particular and others in general that josephs appointment was stalled due to his uttarakhand presidents rule verdict.
i wish to deny with all authority at my command.
it has nothing to do with that at all, he told reporters.
on april 25, the government cleared senior advocate indu malhotras appointment as a supreme court judge but held back the decision on justice joseph a break in tradition as judges who are recommended together are also appointed together to maintain seniority at par.
a number of supreme court lawyers urged the top court to put on hold malhotras appointment and direct the government to clear josephs name  a request that was rejected by a bench led by chief justice misra.
the bench said the government is within its rights to send back a name for reconsideration.
read | sc collegium names justice km joseph to top court, govt disagrees: a recapa petition was filed by senior lawyer indira jaising, which said appointments have now become a matter concerning the independence of judiciary.
jaising told the court that the government is stalling justice josephs appointment because as chief justice of uttarakhand high court he had quashed the imposition of presidents rule in uttarakhand, leading to the reinstatement of the harish rawat government.
the opposition congress reacted strongly to the governments move.
it accused prime minister narendra modi of suffocating the judiciary.
indian judiciary is in danger.
and if our judiciary is not united to protect its independence then democracy is in danger.
.
.
.
they want to pack high courts with their own people, senior congress leader kapil sibal said at a press conference.
the government is preparing for the eventuality of the supreme court collegium recommending the name of uttarakhand chief justice km joseph once again for elevation to the top court, a week after the law ministry suggested that the collegium reconsider his choice.
while it is expected that the scs five-member collegium will meet on this issue on wednesday, no official notification on this had been issued till late tuesday and ht learns the meeting isnt confirmed.
historically, the collegium has usually sent the same recommendation back even after the government suggested that it be reconsidered, said a government official who asked not to be named.
the issue here is whether seniority and regional representation should be allowed to take a back seat or not, this person added.
last wednesday, the government cleared the appointment of senior advocate indu malhotra as an sc judge but put on hold the collegiums recommendation on elevating joseph.
soon after, union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad wrote to chief justice of india dipak misra to say, the proposed appointment of justice km joseph at this stage does not appear to be appropriate.
it would also not be fair and justified to other more senior, suitable, and deserving chief justices and senior judges of various high courts.
the letter pointed out that justice joseph is 42nd in seniority among the high court judges and many hcs such as gujarat, calcutta, and jammu and kashmir are not represented in the sc.
we will decide our next step after we receive the collegiums recommendation, a second government official said on condition of anonymity.
legal experts say the government may not have the scope of seeking yet another reconsideration if the collegium suggests justice jopeshs name again, but that it could adopt another strategy.
the collegium is well within its rights to send the same recommendation once more.
but the government can sit over the proposal as no deadline has been fixed for it to approve the decision, former law secretary tk vishwanathan said.
advocate muhammad khan, also a congress spokesperson, said, there is no provision in any statute which authorises the government to veto the collegiums choice.
if the government is allowed to dictate terms, even seemingly harmless ones (to sc), it would lead to a situation of effective control.
hours after he joined the congress, the party on saturday named lok sabha mp shatrughan sinha as its candidate from the patna sahib constituency against union minister ravishankarprasad prasad, who is the bjp nominee from this seat.
earlier, sinha officially joined the congress party at a function in new delhi in presence of senior party leaders kc venugopal and spokesperson randeep surjewala.
joining the congress, sinha targeted the ruling bharatiya janata party saying that under the new leadership, the party has ended internal democracy.
he said, i saw democracy changing into dictatorship in the bjpit has become one-man show and two-man army.
the actor-turned-politician, when asked about his past comment lauding prime minister narendra modi, said, i used to call him dashing and dynamicfor his 56-inch chesttoday, rahul gandhi is the face of the nation and future of the nation.
to another question, sinha said, i will not contest from patliputra lok sabha seat but from the patna sahib constituency.
the congress played the biggest role in bringing indias independence.
it was wholly and solely responsible for freeing india from the colonial rule, he said at a press conference at the congress headquarters.
this comes a week after sinha met congress president rahul gandhi on march 29 in new delhi.
he has been critical of the narendra modi government of the centre and the ruling bharatiya janata party, with which he had an association of more than two decades.
sinha, incidentally, joined the congress on the foundation day of the bjp.
i congratulate the bjp on its 39th foundation day.
i received my political training in the bjp.
but it was congress leader subodh kant sahay took me to public life for the first time, sinha said.
i am sad that i had to quit the bjp on its foundation day, he said slamming the ruling party for imposing 75 year-bar on contesting polls.
do people become brain dead, he asked.
sinha is a two-time sitting member of parliament from patna lok sabha seat in bihar, where the congress is an alliance with the rashtriya janata dal (rjd).
sinha has often referred to rjd president lalu prasad as his family friend even after the latters conviction in a case of corruption.
announcing that he would join the congress, sinha had said that he was doing so with the consent of prasad.
sinha is likely to be fielded by the congress from the patna sahib lok sabha seat, where the bjp has named union minister ravishankarprasad prasad as its candidate.
beef stirred the political pot on monday, after congress activists in kerala killed a cow in a public square to defy the central governments new curbs on the sale and purchase of the animal.
the protests were staged after the union environment ministry notified last week that no cattle can be sold or bought in animal markets for slaughter.
the decision brought the opposition and the ruling bjp into conflict.
west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee and the cpm, which rules kerala, spoke in a rare voice of unity between the two arch rivals against the narendra modi government.
we wont accept the centres decision  it is unconstitutional, banerjee said, dubbing the ban as an attempt to encroach into state power.
kerala chief minister pinarayi vijayan urged his counterparts to raise their voice against the restrictions on cattle trade, saying the centres anti-federal, anti-democratic and anti-secular move is an attempt to usurp power from the state governments.
in a letter to the chief ministers, he said the ban would affect the livelihood of millions of people, especially those in the farming sector.
vijayan said he didnt need a lesson in food habits from new delhi or nagpur, referring to the rss headquarters in maharashtra.
the cpm will organise evening dharnas in 2,000 places across in kerala on june 2.
the date coincides with bjp chief amit shahs three-day tour to the southern state, where the party is trying to make inroads.
focus on cows, considered sacred by hindus, and beef has increased since the bjp won power in 2014.
the partys ideological parent, the rashtriya swayamsevak sangh, has long pushed for a nationwide ban on cattle slaughter and trade.
but a beef ban was viewed as an attempt to limit peoples freedom to choose what they eat.
besides, the curbs on cattle trade have the potential to alienate muslims who dominate the rs 100,000-crore meat business in india.
hindu hardliners and cow vigilante groups have been increasingly asserting themselves since 2014.
muslims are considered a key support base of banerjees trinamool congress, the cpm and congress.
banerjee wondered why the trade curbs were announced on may 23, just before the islamic holy month of ramadan.
the bjp attacked the congress after functionaries of the opposition partys youth wing killed a cow in kannur and distributed the meat to people on saturday.
this is shameful and in many ways provocative.
political opposition happens but it is unfortunate that such an act has been committed, that too by youth congress workers, union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said.
the congress suspended three functionaries associated with the slaughter and party vice president rahul gandhi called the incident barbaric, saying his party wont tolerate such acts.
congress spokesperson randeep surjewala said such action by party workers was completely unacceptable and alien to civil society, our culture and founding principles.
the party was in damage-control mode after kerala bjp president kummanam rajasekharan posted the video of the incident on twitter, calling it cruelty at its peak.
the video triggered national outrage.
uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath, who had clamped down on illegal slaughterhouses and cattle smuggling soon after coming to power this april, questioned the opposition parties silence on the incident.
the 44-year-old priest-politician, an active promoter of cow conservation, asked: why are the people who staged vociferous protests over the incidents in du and jnu silent on the issue?
his target was political leaders who supported students involved in alleged anti-national functions in the two premier universities in the national capital.
amid the partys condemnation of the kerala incident, a senior bjp leader of the garo hills in meghalaya allayed fears over a beef ban in his state, which goes to the polls next year.
in meghalaya, most of the bjp leaders eat beef.
the question of banning beef does not arise in a state like meghalaya, bernard n marak said and promised to bring down beef prices if voted to power.
most of the protests on monday over the cattle trade rules were recorded in kerala and neighbouring tamil nadu, where cow slaughter is not banned.
in iit madras, about 80 students organised a beef festival on the campus of the countrys premier engineering institute.
it is our democratic right to choose our food, said abhinav surya, a final-year student.
tamil nadus main opposition dmk has planned a protest on may 31.
dmk working president mk stalin will lead the protest in chennai, the party said, adding the fundamental right to choice of food granted by the constitution has been snatched away.
the winter session of parliament came to an end on friday, with both houses being adjourned sine die.
the rajya sabha did not take up the triple talaq bill, with the government earlier rejecting the oppositions insistence on sending the bill to a select committee for detailed scrutiny.
a few bills were introduced, and a few motions were adopted.
rajya sabha chairman m venkaiah naidu congratulated the members on the work done, but also said members should retrospect on the time wasted in disruptions over various important bills.
heres what happened on the last day of the winter session: budget session from january 29, budget on february 1the budget session of parliament will start on january 29 and the budget will be tabled on february 1, parliamentary affairs minister ananth kumar said on friday.
president ram nath kovind will address a joint sitting of the lok sabha and the rajya sabha on january 29.
the economic survey will also be tabled on the same day.
the session will go on a break on february 9.
the second part of the budget session will start on march 5 and conclude on april 6, the minister said.
world bank to give $500 mn for skill development programmea skill development programme with the world banks assistance of $500 million will be implemented in the country under a six-year schedule, finance minister arun jaitley said on friday.
the skills acquisition and knowledge awareness for livelihood (sankalp) was a project with an estimate of $675 million, jaitley said in the lok sabha.
the world bank assistance of $500 million will come in two tranches of $250 million each.
the first tranche has been approved for implementation.
accordingly, a loan agreement with international bank for reconstruction and development (ibrd) for an amount of $250 million has been signed by the government on december 13, 2017, he said during question hour.
the total repayment period of this loan amount is 18 years including a grace period of 6 years.
venkaiah to decide on privilege notice against rahulrajya sabha chairman m venkaiah naidu said on friday he will take necessary decision at the earliest on a privilege notice served by bjp mp bhupinder yadav against congress president rahul gandhi.
however, he said the matter fell under the purview of the lok sabha.
on december 28, yadav had given notice alleging that the congress president had intentionally, maliciously and disrespectfully twisted the name of leader of the house and finance minister arun jaitley in a tweet.
gandhi had tweeted in connection with jaitleys statement after an agreement to end an impasse in the rajya sabha was reached between the treasury and opposition benches over prime minister narendra modis remarks against his predecessor manmohan singh during the gujarat assembly election campaign.
on the last day of the winter session, yadav wanted to know the fate of his privilege notice, to which naidu said it was under his consideration.
modi walks up to manmohan in rajya sabha, shakes handsprime minister narendra modi shook hands on friday with former prime minister manmohan singh soon after the rajya sabha was adjourned sine die.
the handshake came just weeks after the duo was locked in a bitter war of words over the gujarat election.
after chairman m venkiah naidu adjourned the house, modi was seen moving towards the opposition benches shaking hands with some members.
he reached the seat of the former prime minister, shook hands with him for quite some time and spoke to him.
among others with whom modi was seen shaking hands were deputy chairman pj kurien and veteran congress leader karan singh, who was bid farewell by the upper house as his tenure ends on january 27.
man raises slogans inside lok sabha, whisked awaya man raised slogans in the visitors gallery of the lok sabha on friday morning, but was immediately whisked away by security personnel.
as soon as finance minister arun jaitley ended his reply on farm loan waiver during question hour around 11.
30am, the man raised bharat mata ki jai slogan twice.
he was immediately taken away by three security personnel present in the visitors gallery.
the proceedings were not disrupted, and security personnel said the speaker would decide on whether the person should be let off or a case registered against him with delhi police.
rajya sabha adjourned sine diethe rajya sabha was adjourned sine die on friday, bring the winter session to an end.
chairman m venkaiah naidu congratulated the members on the work done, especially in condemning the treatment by pakistan to the family members of indian naval officer kulbhushan jadhav, who is in a jail in islamabad.
naidu, however, said members should retrospect on the time wasted by the house in disruptions over various important bills.
bill for international arbitration centre introduceda bill for establishing an international arbitration centre in delhi was introduced in the lok sabha on friday.
the new delhi international arbitration centre bill, 2018, was introduced by minister of state for law pp chaudhary.
the bill proposes the establishment of an independent and autonomous regime for institutionalised arbitration and for acquisition and transfer of undertakings of the international centre for alternative dispute resolution.
lok sabha adjourned sine diethe lok sabha was adjourned sine die on friday, bringing the winter session to an end.
speaker sumitra mahajan said the lower house sat for 61 hours over 13 sittings.
the session started on december 15.
congress doing injustice to muslim women: ananth kumarunion parliamentary affairs ministers ananth kumar accused the congress of doing injustice to muslim women by opposing the triple talaq bill, saying the party should learn from the past and let the legislation pass.
they are not thinking about ensuring justice to muslim sisters.
they are doing injustice the same way they did in the shah bano case, kumar told reporters outside parliament on friday.
condemning the congresss demand to refer the bill to the select committee, kumar said: every day, they bring a new excuse and their demand to refer the bill to the select committee is just a trick to misguide all.
i condemn this.
rajya sabha bades farewell to retiring membersthe upper house bade farewell on friday to three retiring members -- karan singh, janardan dwivedi and parvez hashmi -- all three representing the national capital territory of delhi.
leader of opposition ghulam nabi azad of the congress and union minister ravishankarprasad prasad convey their wishes.
panel tables report on customer satisfaction with airlinesthe parliamentary standing committee for transport has laid a report on the table of rajya sabha on issues related to improving customer satisfaction with airlines, reports ani.
the committee deliberated on issues of exorbitant fares during festival seasons, holiday seasons, natural disasters and political and social unrest.
it also noted that there were many incidents of manhandling, and discourteous and rude behaviour by airline staff.
majority of the committee members said the attitude of airline staff was very condescending, often uncooperative and on many occasions, downright rude.
bjp questions credibility of jadhav videothe bjp slammed pakistan over the release of a video of former indian naval officer kulbhushan jadhav.
such videos will be taken seriously only if those circulating the video are credible enough.
unfortunately, pakistan does not understand that their credibility has reached a nadir.
nobody is now ready to believe what pakistan is saying, no matter how many such videos they decide to bring out, bjp vice president and rajya sabha mp vinay sahasrabuddhe told ani.
another bjp mp prabhat jha also questioned the credibility of the video.
it would be a mistake to think that pakistan could release a credible video of kulbhushan jadhav, jha told ani.
bjp, congress issue whipthe bjp issued a whip asking all its mps to remain present in both the houses of parliament on friday.
the congress also issued a whip on friday for its members in the rajya sabha, asking them to remain present in the house on the last day of the session.
bills to be introduced, or taken up for debate and discussionthe rajya sabha will take up for consideration the goods and services tax (compensation to states) amendment bill, 2017, the triple talaq bill or the muslim women (protection of rights on marriage) bill, 2017, the prevention of corruption (amendment) bill, 2013, the central road fund (amendment) bill, 2017, the state banks (repeal and amendment) bill, 2017, the motor vehicles (amendment) bill, 2017.
in the lok sabha, the government will seek to withdraw the consumer protection bill, 2015 and introduce the consumer protection bill, 2018.
the lower house will also take up the new delhi international arbitration centre bill, 2018, the payment of gratuity (amendment) bill, 2017, the dentists (amendment) bill, 2017, the national council for teacher education (amendment) bill, 2017 and the representation of the people (amendment) bill, 2017.
actor-turned politician shatrughan sinhas wife poonam sinha joined samajwadi party on tuesday.
shatrughan, a two-time bjp lawmaker from patna sahib, had recently joined the congress.
dimple yadav, wife of samajwadi party chief akhilesh yadav, welcomed ponnam sinha into the party.
poonam sinha is likely to be sps candidate for the lucknow seat to take on union home minister rajnath singh.
when asked about her candidature from lucknow, poonam sinha avoided direct reply saying, will tell you tomorrow.
on being asked whether she would be contesting against rajnath singh, she said, koi baat nahi, acchi tarah se ladenge (it does not matter.
i will fight strongly).
poonam sinha is likely to file nomination on april 18.
poonam sinha ji will be the sp-bsp-rld candidate from lucknow.
she will file nomination on april 18.
we appeal to the congress that do not field your candidate from here so that bjp can be defeated, ravidas mehrotra, senior sp leader, was quoted as saying by news agency ani.
also read: would have loved to contest against pm modi: shatrughan sinharajnath singh filed his nomination from the lucknow lok sabha seat on tuesday.
lucknow is going to polls on may 6 along with a total of 51 constituencies across seven states in the fifth phase of the lok sabha election.
shatrughan sinha joined the congress on april 6.
just a few hours later, the congress has named sinha as its candidate from the patna sahib constituency against union minister ravishankarprasad prasad, who is the bjp nominee from this seat.
political heirs of prominent leaders are no more exceptions and the trend of sons and daughters of prominent politicians stepping into the political arena is not confined to any one party.
in bihar, there are innumerable instances of leaders cutting across party lines passing on the baton to their heirs successfully.
for some, it was easy pickings, while for others it came after spending a lot of time in the rough and tumble of politics.
this includes wards of former bihar chief ministers, union ministers and state leaders.
former bihar cm late daroga prasad rais son chandrika rai is in the fray from saran.
rai is the samdhi of lalu prasad and has represented the parsa assembly seat in saran district six times in the past and was runner-up twice.
rjd chief lalu prasads younger son tejaswhi prasad yadav is holding the party reins in the ongoing lok sabha polls, while his daughter misa bharti is trying her luck for the second time from pataliputra constituency.
leading the pack, however, is the family of union minister ram vilas paswan, who decided not to contest this time, but three of his kin - his son chirag paswan and two brothers - are again in the fray.
paswans younger brother pashupati kumar paras is contesting from his stronghold hajipur.
in samastipur, ram vilas paswans another brother ram chandra paswan will fight it out against ashok kumar, former bihar congress president and son of five-time mla and former congress minister late balwashwar ram.
baleshwar ram had won the rosera seat in the 1980 lok sabha elections, but his son is yet to win ls election even once.
last time, ashok kumar had lost to ramchandra paswan and it will be a repeat contest this time.
in madhubani, five-term mp and former union minister hukumdev narayan yadav decided not to contest this time and the bjp gave the seat to his son ashok yadav, who has been an old leader of the party.
ashok yadav represented keoti assembly seat in darbhanga on the bjp ticket thrice before losing to rjds faraz fatmi in 2015 when jd-u, rjd and the congress were together.
however, this is the first time he is contesting lok sabha election from his fathers bastion and is confident.
true, fathers legacy is a great help, but i have toiled in the organsiation at various levels to come this far.
from 1987-92, i was with abvp in delhi university and joined bjp in 1993.
i was also implicated in a false case in 2004.
this time, there is undercurrent for narendra modi, he said.
former union minister akhilesh singh has fielded his son akash singh from motihari.
this is akashs first brush with electoral politics.
same is the case with former mp and bahubali surajbhan singhs brother chandan kumar, who faced another first timer and wife of suspended rjd mla raj ballabh yadav, vibha devi from nawada in the first phase on april 11.
in siwan, jd-u mla from daraunda kavita singh is taking on rjds heena sahab.
kavita singh is the daughter-in-law of jd-u mla late jagmato devi, while sahab is the wife of incarcerated former rjd mp md shahabuddin.
from sheohar, sitting bjp mp rama devi, wife of former rjd mla late brij bihari singh, is trying her luck again.
in muzaffarpur, five-term mp late jai narayan nishads son ajay nishad, who won the seat for the first time in narendra modi wave in 2014, is hoping of a repeat.
the sitting west champaran mp dr sanjay jaiswal of the bjp is again in the fray this year.
son of former bjp mp late dr madan jaiwal, dr sanjay jaiswal represented the seat both in 2009 and 2014.
former lok sabha speaker and two-time sasaram mp meira kumar, daughter of congress veteran jagjivan ram, is contesting to retain her seat from chedi paswan of the bjp.
jagjivan ram, who was a minister in the jawaharlal nehru cabinet and later went on become countrys defence minister and agriculture minister, represented the seat seven times.
union minister and senior bjp leader ravishankarprasad prasad, who is challenging sitting patna sahib mp shatrughan sinha of the congress, also has a political legacy.
his father thakur prasad was a leader of the bjp and a cabinet minister in the karpoori thakur government.
in aurangabad, sitting mp sushil singhs father ram naresh singh represented the seat twice, while he is trying for the third term.
the supreme court on thursday directed the board of control for cricket in india to allow bihar play in the domestic first-class circuit from the coming season.
cricketers from bihar were denied the right to play ranji trophy after the bcci sidelined a state that produced international cricketers like ramesh saxena, saba karim, subroto banerjee and randhir singh.
bihar last played a ranji game in 2003-04 but it was effectively a team from jharkhand.
ms dhoni was the captain.
acting on a long-standing petition filed by the cricket association of bihar, a supreme court bench, headed by chief justice dipak misra ordered the bcci to re-admit bihar into the first-class fold.
read | supreme court directs bcci to allow bihar play ranji trophy, domestic cricketit finally gave cab secretary aditya verma some joy.
it was vermas petition that had escalated the 2013 ipl betting and fixing scandal that eventually led to the ouster of two powerful bcci presidents  n. srinivasan and anurag thakur.
the supreme courts order was passed keeping in view the cause of cricket.
i am very happy for the entire cricket fraternity in bihar.
the state has unnecessarily suffered for the last 17-18 years.
the junior boys are already playing at the national level, cricket should flourish now, said saba karim, recently appointed as general manager cricket operations of the bcci.
former speedster banerjee, who moved to vidarbha, said he was willing to return and serve bihar cricket.
his feelings was echoed by randhir singh.
vermas cab is one of the two factions in bihar cricket.
but there are early signs of a compromise.
read | ipl 2018 retention: ms dhoni back in csk yellow, kkr release gautam gambhirall disputes should now be resolved.
i was never pushing for control, my only appeal was to let the cricketers of bihar play.
jharkhand was cleverly taking away all the attention.
thankfully, the court noticed the foul play, said verma to hindustan times.
bihar cricket association secretary ravishankarprasad prasad singh promised to work together.
following thursdays order, bihar should get back its full membership once the new constitution, amended by the committee of administrators, comes into force.
indiaupdated: aug 07, 2019 16:24 istthe governments move to take on the kashmir situation head-on by bifurcating the state into two union territories, and scrapping articles 370 and 35-a that gave jammu & kashmir special status and its permanent residents special rights came as a surprise to many.
the underlying resolutions and legislations were introduced by home minister amit shah in the rajya sabha on monday.
by the evening of tuesday, they were passed.
behind the surprise lay a secret operation that required a lot of work to maintain its secret status.
ht has pieced together some of this through interviews with several government officials and functionaries and bjp leaders.
article 370 revoked i analysis i how modi, shah and doval orchestrated movefor instance, it emerges that most of the work happened outside the offices of the home ministry and the law ministry in north block and shashtri bhawan respectively.
files, documents, reference material and other related papers were sent to home minister amit shahs ground floor office in the parliament complex, where the gujarat politician sat till well past midnight to give the final shape to the bill to divide the state into two separate union territories and the presidential order to render article 370 inoperative.
also read: hundreds of kashmiri students head home, say suspension of communication unnervingshah remained in his parliament office well past midnight on friday, saturday and sunday to work out the details of the move and make it fool-proof so as to withstand any legal scrutiny in the possible scenario if it being challenged before a court of law, one of these people said.
the bjp organised a training session for its mps on saturday and sunday, but shah, also a first time mp, spent most of his time in his parliament office to meet senior officials of the security establishment and legal minds of the government to discuss the issue.
a phone line remained open between the home minister and solicitor general of india, tushar mehta, throughout.
shahs dinner was brought to parliament on all three days.
for weeks ahead of that, the only two people in government who knew of this were prime minister narendra modi and shah; word went out to other stakeholders only on friday evening, another person who was involved in the exercise said.
also read: hundreds of kashmiri students head home, say suspension of communication unnervinga proposal to do away with article 35-a was ready in the home ministry towards the end of the modi governments first term, but the government decided to bite the bullet, render article 370 inoperative and make j&k a ut after it returned to power with a full and greater majority this year.
a decision to extend the session of parliament till august 7 was taken with the aim to get these bills passed, the second person added.
after the resolutions and legislations were ready, the government also put in place a plan to deal with the possible fallout of their introduction.
also read: j-k briefing: foreign minister s jaishankar meets us special envoylaw minister ravishankarprasad prasad and railways minister piyush goyal were drafted to manage things in the house.
a whip was issued.
shahs trusted aide from assam, himanta biswa sarma, also a minister in the state government, was assigned the specific task of mustering support for the move.
some bjp leaders point to the decision of the chief whip of the congress in the rajya sabha, bubhaneswar kalita, to quit on monday as a sign of sarmas success.
on monday, social justice minister thawarchand gehlot, who is also the leader of the house in the rajya sabha, was asked to remain present in the house throughout.
his office was used as a war room where shah and his team of ministers, sarma and mehta remained present throughout the day to tackle any crisis that may emerge.
as it turned out, none did.
union minister of electronics, information technology (it), and law and justice, ravishankarprasad prasad, on wednesday said that noida and greater noida are emerging as mobile manufacturing hubs and can become a singapore in terms of electronics manufacture.
the minister was speaking at the mobile manufacturing unit expansion event of samsung india electronics in noidas sector 81.
the noida authority had in october 2016 allotted 30 acres of industrial land to samsung india electronics, which aims to expand its smartphone manufacturing unit in noida.
samsung already had one industrial unit on an around 45-acre plot in phase-2 industrial area in the same sector.
noida and greater noida have the potential to become a singapore soon in terms of manufacturing of electronics products.
and samsung can become a global manufacturing lion, said prasad.
noida houses 600 it units, mostly along the noida expressway in sectors 125, 126, 127 and 135 among others.
around 1.
5 lakh it professionals are working with various it firms, bpo units and mncs operating from noida.
it major infosys is also developing its campus in noida with an investment of rs1, 354 crore.
apart from it services, noida has also become a hub of smartphone makers.
chinese smartphone maker oppo has its manufacturing unit in noida and is also planning to build a 110-acre manufacturing unit in neighbouring greater noida.
lava opened its first mobile manufacturing unit in noidas sector 58 in 2015 and also decided to set up another unit along yamuna expressway near greater noida.
chinas vivo mobile too is based in greater noida.
indias digital story is beginning to unfold.
we aim to make 50 crore smartphones in the next two to three years.
we are giving all the support that is required from the government, said prasad.
uttar pradesh industries minister satish mahana and minister of state (independent charge), sugarcane, sugar mills and industrial development suresh rana were also present at the event in noida.
mahana said he will ensure that setting up of industrial units gets speedy clearances.
the samsung team came up to me in lucknow and expressed their intention to leave up and set up their unit in another state because the system was not supporting them.
i took them to chief minister yogi adityanath and we expedited the clearances required.
earlier, they were investing rs2,000 crore, but now samsung is investing rs4,915 crore in its noida unit, said mahana.
we have directed noida and greater noida to simplify the building layout map approval for industrial units so that interested industrialists can invest here.
we want to encourage industries and create jobs for the youth, he added.
india has offered to allow apple inc to import mobile handset components intended for use in local manufacturing tax free, a top government official said on tuesday.
the tax concessions will be subject to the condition of increasing local value addition over a period of time.
apple inc wants to expand its contract manufacturers facility in the indian tech hub of bengaluru, ravishankarprasad prasad, the union minister for electronics and it, said on tuesday, as the iphone maker seeks a bigger share in one of the worlds biggest smartphone markets.
cupertino, california-based apple last week started making iphone se at its taiwanese contract manufacturer wistrons plant in bengaluru.
apple, which sold over 50 million iphones in the march quarter, down 1 percent year-on-year, is looking for new markets as its sales in china have weakened.
among a set of tax concessions, apple had initially sought a 15-years tax holiday for all components that it would import for setting up a manufacturing facility in india.
a panel of ministries rejected that demand and has offered a phased programme to increase the share of local production in the manufacturing, aruna sundararajan, secretary at the ministry of electronics and it said.
we have offered them tax exemptions on those components which could not be manufactured in india, sundararajan told reuters, adding that local manufacturing component would have to be increased gradually.
apple has agreed to increase local share in production over a period of time, but there was a difference between the plans of the two sides, she said.
apple was not immediately available for comment.
india wants apple to raise value addition share in phases of 3,5,7 and 10 years as the local capacity builds up, part of prime minister narendra modis plans to boost manufacturing.
industry estimates the phased manufacturing programme could increase local value addition in mobile phones manufacturing to 40-50  in the next three years.
earlier, ravishankarprasad prasad said government officials were in touch with apple and other mobile phone manufacturers about expanding facilities and setting up new plants.
it will be a little early to say that india and apple have agreed on the common ground, said the official, adding india was ready to work out a roadmap to encourage manufacturing.
industry estimates total value of mobile phones produced in india touched near rs 90,000 crore ($13.
90 billion) compared with rs 54,000 crore in the previous year.
we are waiting for apple to come back, said sundararajan.
worldupdated: aug 07, 2019 10:17 istchina is blackmailing india into using huawei for its 5g infrastructure, an influential us congressman alleged tuesday, even as beijing hoped that new delhi will not succumb to any pressure from america.
the us has banned huawei, the world leader in telecom equipment and the number two smartphone producer, over concerns of security, and washington has been putting pressure on other countries to restrict the operations of the chinese telecom firm.
the trump administration has been asking all its allies and friends, including india, to block the entry of huawei from using their 5g infrastructure, which is a next generation cellular technology with download speeds stated to be 10 to 100 times faster than the current 4g lte networks.
china is now blackmailing india into using huawei for its 5g infrastructure  they know no bounds!
congressman jim banks said.
the 5g networking standard is seen as critical because it can support the next generation of mobile devices in addition to new applications like driverless cars.
the chinese communist party moves to strong-arming countries into exposing themselves to surveillance and espionage, he alleged.
however, china on tuesday hoped that india would make an independent and objective judgement on permitting its telecom giant huawei in 5g trials and services in the country.
according to a recent report quoting union communications minister ravishankarprasad prasad, india plans to develop its own 5g network.
senator marsha blackburn alleged that china, along with state-run company huawei, is looking to push its spy embedded technology onto america and its allies.
we need to draw a hard line to protect our national security interests and intellectual property, she said.
early this week, secretary of state mike pompeo said that if a country adopts huawei technology, the us wont be able to share information with them.
we wont be able to work alongside them, he said.
(this story has been published from a wire agency feed without modifications to the text.
with rainfall recorded at 23.
7mm, thursday was the wettest republic day in delhi in the last six years.
the city experienced almost non-stop rain during the course of the day.
the only other time in the six year period that it had rained on republic day was in 2015.
this year it was almost 20 times more than 2015, when rainfall was recorded at 1.
4mm.
despite the rain, the temperature in the capital never went over 18.
1c and the minimum temperature was recorded at 16c.
the maximum temperature was 4 degrees below normal, while the minimum was 7 degrees above normal.
it felt colder in the city, because of the winds that kept blowing at speeds around 5-10 kmph, according to officials at the regional weather forecasting centre (rwfc).
it is expected to get drier and cooler on friday, with the rwfc expecting the maximum and minimum temperatures to be 17c and 14c respectively, and winds to be blowing at similar speeds.
read: pink revolution, for women: twitter reacts to pm modis turban on republic daythe met department has not predicted any rain on friday, but the day will remain partly cloudy.
if somebody switches on the fan in a room, we feel colder, even though the temperature does not change.
something similar happens when wind starts blowing in the winter.
and just like the fan, the stronger the wind, the colder we feel, explained a weather expert.
however, neither the cold, nor the rain dampened the spirits of those at the republic day parade, as thousands braved cold winds, and the drizzle to attend the parade.
at homerains played spoilsport for president pranab mukherjees last at home programme of his tenure as heavy downpour forced change of the venue from majestic mughal gardens in the open to the confines of durbar and ashoka halls.
with around 3,000 guests descending for the at home function hosted by the president on the 68th republic day, rashtrapati bhawan had thrown open its banquet hall and upper loggia to accommodate everyone.
the president along with the crown prince of abu dhabi sheikh mohammed bin zayed al nahyan and prime minister narendra modi were seated in the ashoka hall while the remaining guests were accommodated in other three places.
read: delhis republic day tableaux: a story of rejection and acceptanceamong vvips present at the occasion were vice president hamid ansari, chief justice of india j s khehar, lok sabha speaker sumitra mahajan, union ministers rajnath singh, arun jaitley and ravishankarprasad prasad, former mrime minister manmohan singh and congress president sonia gandhi.
the vice president was seen greeting 97-year-old marshal of the indian air force arjan singh, who has been attending the function on wheel chair.
after the national anthem was played, the president, whose term comes to an end this july, went around meeting the guests in all the three halls before taking his seat, the prime minister was seen chit-chatting with the crown prince of abu dhabi, who was the special guest at the republic day parade.
gandhi and mahajan were seen holding each others hands and having a word with smile on their faces.
when former india cricket team skipper ms dhoni decided to get an aadhaar card made for himself, the government agency which handles the process couldnt help but boast about it, landing in trouble.
the csc e-governance services india ltd. tweeted -- through its official twitter handle @cscegov -- a picture in which ms dhonis fingerprints are getting scanned into the system.
they went a step forward and tweeted a screenshot of the jharkhand cricketers application form, which dhonis wife sakshi complained about, tweeting to the union law & justice and information technology minister, ravishankarprasad prasad.
read more | why virender sehwag called steve smith tubelight after india-australia seriesvle of @cscegov_ delivers #aadhaar service to @msdhoni.
legendary cricketer's #digital hook (shot).
pic.
twitter.com/xe62ta63an  ravishankarprasad prasad (@rsprasad) march 28, 2017sakshi dhoni, from her twitter handle @saakshisrawat tweeted: @rsprasad @cscegov_ is there any privacy left ?
?
?
information of adhaar card including application is made public property!
#disappointed (sic)@rsprasad @cscegov_ is there any privacy left ?
?
?
information of adhaar card including application is made public property!
#disappointed  sakshi singh  (@saakshisrawat) march 28, 2017the irony here is that the minister himself was at fault as he too had, hastily, retweeted csc e-governance services india ltds tweet.
not grasping the full gravity of the situation, minister ravishankarprasad prasad replied to sakshi dhoni hinting that nothing was leaked in the tweets, to which she posted the original tweet, marking the screenshot of the application form with an arrow.
@saakshisrawat no it is not a public property.
does this tweet divulge any personal information?
ravi shankar prasad (@rsprasad) march 28, 2017@rsprasad sir i m talking about the application which was tweeted along with picture by @cscegov_ pic.
twitter.com/ehywzfzfkr  sakshi singh  (@saakshisrawat) march 28, 2017while using dhoni as an ambassador to push the aadhaar card campaign is not bad, the minister and csc e-governance services india ltd. should have been more careful about what they divulge in their eager tweets.
however, the minister quickly owned up the situation and tweeted that he would get to the bottom of the situation.
@saakshisrawat thanks for bringing this to my notice.
sharing personal information is illegal.
serious action will be taken against this.
ravi shankar prasad (@rsprasad) march 28, 2017@saakshisrawat thanks for bringing this to my notice.
sharing personal information is illegal.
serious action will be taken against this, tweeted ravishankarprasad prasad.
congress president rahul gandhi is scheduled to visit patna on may 16 to pep up the lok sabha election campaign for congress nominee from patna sahib, shatrughan sinha, and rashtriya janata dal candidate from patliputra, misa bharti.
rahul is also likely to address an election meeting at sasaram in support of former lok sabha speaker and congress nominee meira kumar.
however, his tour plan for sasaram is yet to be finalised.
all these three constituencies will go to polls along with five others in bihar, in the final phase of the general elections on may 19.
bihar pradesh congress committee (bpcc) chief madan mohan jha said that according to a tentative plan, the congress president was likely to address a public meeting at bikram, a township falling under the patliputra ls seat, and hold a roadshow in the capital city on may 16.
earlier, it was said that priyanka vadra gandhi was tipped to visit patna and lead a roadshow in support of sinha, who recently joined the congress, after quitting the bharatiya janata party.
however, her scheduled engagements with the partys campaign in uttar pradesh (east) as its aicc in-charge and in delhi might have compelled the party to drop her patna visit plan.
some bpcc leaders said that rahul had offered to visit sasaram on the same day, but local leaders requested him to reschedule the programme in view of prime minister narendra modis public meeting there on the same day.
aicc is working on rahul gandhis tour programme for sasaram and the party would announce it as soon as its finalised, said jha, saying that the seat was important for meira kumar, the first woman speaker of ls, who was pitted against bjps sitting mp chhedi paswan.
patna sahib sitting mp shatrughan sinha and misa bharti, daughter of rjd chief lalu prasad, both face a tough battle.
union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad and union minister of state for rural development ram kripal yadav are contesting against sinha and misa, respectively.
congress leader shatrughan sinha on saturday took a u-turn on his muhammad ali jinnah statement, saying that the remark was a slip of tongue.
speaking to ani, sinha said he wanted to take maulana azads name but instead, uttered the name of pakistan founder muhammad ali jinnah.
the actor-turned-politicians clarification came after he courted controversy for saying that from mahatma gandhi to muhammad ali jinnah, all are part of congress parivar.
whatever i said yesterday was slip of tongue.
i wanted to say maulana azad but uttered muhammad ali jinnah, he claimed.
sinha, who recently left bjp and joined congress, lauded muhammad ali jinnah along with mahatma gandhi, sardar patel, and jawaharlal nehru, saying they all had a role to play for indias independence.
ye congress parivar mahatma gandhi se leke, sardar vallabhbhai patel se leke, muhammad ali jinnah se leke, jawaharlal nehru se leke, swargiya indira gandhi se leke, rajiv gandhi se leke aur rahul gandhi se leke.
.
.
inki party hai jinka desh ke vikas me, desh ki tarakki me, desh ki azadi me sabse mehatvapurna aur sabse bada yogdaan hua, isliye hum yaha aye (congress family from mahatma gandhi to sardar patel to muhammad ali jinnah to jawaharlal nehru.
.
.
it is their party.
they had the most important role in development and freedom of the country.
this is the reason why i have come here (in congress), sinha said while addressing a rally here.
sinha was in madhya pradesh to campaign for the state chief minister kamal naths son nakul nath, who is contesting from the chhindwara lok sabha parliamentary constituency against bjps nathan shah.
both kamal nath and his son were present at the event.
meanwhile, sinha will be contesting the ongoing polls from bihars patna sahib constituency against bjps ravishankarprasad prasad.
(this story has been published from a wire agency feed without modifications to the text.
only the headline has been changed.
shatrughan sinha, who has announced he will soon join the congress party, launched another attack on the prime minister as he addressed narendra modi as honble outgoing sirji.
this time, shatrughan sinha in his usual style criticised the speeches of prime minister modi and said they lack lack content and depth and have become highly repetitive and irritating.
shatrughan sinha has announced that he will be quitting the bharatiya janata party and will be joining the congress on april 6.
his decision was finalised after a meeting with rahul gandhi in new delhi last week.
honble outgoing sirji.
why are you wasting so much money on different channels and on the paid and choreographed crowd who chant your name at any given time - during, before & after your speeches on the signal of the conductors, the actor-turned-politician tweeted on tuesday.
your rhetorics/speeches lack content and depth these days and have gone to the extent of becoming highly repetitive and irritating.
sirji, i still remain your well wisher despite your evm misuse and in-spite of all your arrogance.
my humble suggestion for you at this eleventh hour would be to become straight and go straight sinha wrote.
the two-time sitting bjp member of parliament from patna lok sabha seat has been a vocal critic of the narendra modi government for the past couple of years.
he has been sidelined in the bjp, which replaced him with union minister ravishankarprasad prasad as the lok sabha candidate from patna sahib constituency.
painfully.
.
.
.
on the way out of bjp.
.
.
.
but hopefully in the best direction under the dynamic leadership of my dear friend lalu yadav and the desirable, most talked about leader from the nehru gandhi family.
.
.
the true family of nation builders, he tweeted after a meeting with congress president rahul gandhi on march 28.
if you cooperate, i will operate better.
that was m venkaiah naidu deploying alliteration as is his wont as he made his debut as chairman of the rajya sabha on friday.
he was urging members not to give long speeches while welcoming him in the house in his new role.
naidu is known for his communication skills, quick wit and one-liners.
president ramnath kovind administered the oath of office to naidu, 68, at a brief ceremony in the durbar hall of rashtrapati bhawan attended by political leaders cutting across party lines.
wearing his trademark white panche (lungi) and white shirt, naidu took oath in hindi in the name of god.
naidu told the opposition that he will ensure as the rajya sabha chairman that they have a say when legislations are debated but the government will finally have its way as it has the mandate.
if the ruling party has power, opposition must at least have its say.
but at the end of the day, democracy says that opposition must have its say and the government must have its way because it is as per the mandate of the people, naidu said in his first speech as the rajya sabha chairman.
president ram nath kovind with prime minister narendra modi during the swearing-in ceremony of vice-president venkaiah naidu at rashtrapati bhavan in new delhi on friday.
(pti photo)an all-party manthe former bjp president said he was an all-party man now and his role was above politics.
i will meet your expectations.
everyone among you will get an opportunity but everyone must follow the rules and regulations (of parliament), naidu said in response to welcome speeches by rajya sabha members.
he said politicians must not look at each other as enemies but as rivals in their common endeavour of working hard to strengthen the country and help people.
democracy is not about numbers but to understand and appreciate each others point of view.
we must debate, discuss, decide and deliver.
he credited his political success to the might and beauty of the indian constitution.
pm welcomes farmers sonprime minister narendra modi praised naidu for his various development schemes.
venkaiah naidu is a farmers son and during his tenure as poverty alleviation minister, he has always upheld the interests of the poor, said pm modi while speaking in rajya sabha.
naidu acronymderek obrien of the tmc welcomed newly elected vice president of india venkaiah naidu in 10 couplets in rhyme.
he also described the new rajya sabha chairman in acronym: naidu- n: now, a: all, i: india, d: dearest, u: umpire.
vice president m venkaiah naidu meets guests before take administering oath at the durbar hall in rashtrapati bhawan in new delhi on friday.
(sonu mehta/ht photo)oppositions hopesleader of opposition ghulam nabi azad welcomed vice president m venkaiah naidu, the new chairman of rajya sabha, and hoped that the tradition of impartiality would continue.
you are one of the very few who get this auspicious chance to sit on that chair.
.
.
you have risen from the ground and come from a very humble background, this depicts the best part of our democracy, azad said.
welcoming the new chairman on behalf of the entire opposition, azad said that its twice a responsibility to run the upper house as the members have to meet the expectations of the mlas who elected them, and the people who elected the mlas in the first place.
people like judges, speaker and chairman rajya sabha have a scale behind them to remind us that they are impartial.
they have to be just and impartial so that house may function properly.
.
.
our house has double the responsibilities, that is why it must maintain the tradition that no bill passes through this house in the din.
.
.
hope that tradition would continue, azad said.
treasury must have its waythe opposition must have its say, the treasury benches must have their way and parliament will function in a better way when that happens, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said.
while welcoming new rajya sabha chairman m venkaiah naidu, prasad tried to follow naidus inimitable style of rhyming to convey political statements.
the opposition must have its say, but the treasury benches must have their way.
when that happens, the parliament will function better, he said.
stressing the importance of information technology and communication in changing times, prime minister narendra modi said on sunday that courts could use video conferencing to communicate with government officials instead of summoning them to appear in court, saving time and money.
technology could have big scope in the judiciary as well, he said: i urge those involved with the start up sector to innovate on aspects where technology can help the judiciary.
the prime minister was speaking at closing ceremony of the sesquicentennial celebrations of allahabad high court.
earlier, advocates after going through a file had to search for relevant judgments for hours but now one can find it on the internet in a matter of minutes.
video conferencing facility in jails will also save a lot of time and money, he said.
prime minister narendra modi and chief justice of india js khehar light the ceremonial lamp at the closing ceremony of the sesquicentennial celebrations of the allahabad high court on sunday.
(pti)law is for all and not just for the rich.
my government will ensure justice for all, he said, adding allahabad high court is like a tirtha kshetra for our judiciary.
while recalling mahatma gandhi s philosophy that every decision must benefit the weakest section of the society, modi said his government had in the past three years scrapped almost 1,200 obsolete british-era laws.
new bench on way?
uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath indicated that there is a need for a separate bench of allahabad high court for litigants of far flung areas of state, in view of the immense difficulties they face to travel to court, adding that the chief justice of the allahabad high court, who was also present, could make the necessary proposal.
no one is above law, even a ruler is under law and he has to work according to law, the chief minister said.
special guest of honor, chief justice of india (cji) jagdish singh khehar said he would tell his dil ki baat on the lines of the prime ministers mann ki baat.
if every judge works for just five days in the summer vacation, he will be able to resolve more than 100 cases, justice khehar said, adding if all the judges sit for only five days in vacation, thousands of cases could be sorted out.
prime minister narendra modi, chief justice of india js khehar, union minister ravishankarprasad prasad, up governor ram naik and cm yogi adityanath at the sesquicentennial celebrations of allahabad high court on sunday.
(pti)the cji, who has set up three constitution benches to hear important matters including triple talaq cases during the summer vacation, also dwelt upon his plan to digitise the supreme court in 200 days and turn the judicial process paperless.
guest of honour union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said that in cooperation with the cji, the government would expedite the appointment of judges, while stressing the governments commitment towards independence of the judiciary.
he said that in order to reduce pendency of cases, he has written to all state government to reduce government litigation.
pm narendra modi, chief justice of india js khehar, up governor ram naik and cm yogi adityanath release a souvenir at the sesquicentennial celebrations of the allahabad high court on sunday.
(pti)justice dipak misra, senior judge of supreme court, who was guest of honour, said every member of the bar is expected to be diligent.
he said allahabad has been a centre of law and would continue to be flag-bearer of independence of judiciary.
welcoming the guests, chief justice of allahabad high court db bhosale said the court would strive to not only maintain the honour of the institution but also enhance it.
a memento was presented to the prime minister by justice bhosale, while the pm also released a souvenir containing the history of allahabad high court.
the governor of up ram naik released a news letter of allahabad high court on the occasion.
besides, a book -- development of law containing leading cases of allahabad high court -- was released by the cji.
justice dipak misra released a silver coin of the sesquicentennial celebration, while law minister ravishankarprasad prasad released a special type of envelope prepared by the postal department.
justice tarun agarwal, chairman of the sesquicentennial committee, proposed the vote of thanks.
prominent among those present on the dias included senior judge of high court vk shukla, deputy chief minister keshav prasad maurya, state law minister brijesh pathak, president of allahabad high court bar association anil tiwari and president of advocates association bp singh.
the allahabad high court completed 150 years of existence in march 2016.
to mark these occasions, a year-long programme commemorating the sesquicentennial celebrations commenced on march 13, 2016, with the inaugural ceremony being graced by president pranab mukherjee.
the inaugural ceremony was also attended by the then chief justice of india, governor ram naik, the then chief minister, the then union law minister and several other dignitaries.
over 50,000 para-legal volunteers (plv) will be enlisted in the nda governments ambitious project of delivering justice at peoples doorstep through digital technology, union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said on saturday.
speaking at the inaugural session of a two-day workshop for plvs, prasad claimed that digital technology has already helped the government plug several leakages in welfare schemes.
(providing) quick access to justice and (ensuring) trust in justice are integral to democracy, he said, adding that technology can open the doors of legal aid for the marginalised.
the law minister said the plvs would associate themselves with community service centres (cscs) established at the gram panchayat level, so they can help the needy connect with district legal aid lawyers through video conferencing.
national legal services authority chairman justice dipak misra said the panel, along with all state legal services agencies, had nominated lawyers to provide free legal assistance to those approaching them through cscs.
appreciating the efforts put in by plvs, chief justice js khehar said they would help hitherto hapless citizens benefit from the legal system by alleviating their suffering and injustice.
he called for regular assessment of their work for administration of effective justice.
justice misra asked plvs to educate the destitute, elderly, students and victims of crime on their legal rights, besides increasing their outreach and carrying out systemic campaign awareness.
hewlett packard enterprise (hpe) on wednesday announced its plans to invest usd 500 million in india over the next five years to expand its operations, strengthen manufacturing capabilities and hire more people in the country.
the company plans to increase its workforce in india by 20 per cent over the next three to five years.
it will hire new engineering talent with expertise in areas of critical importance to customers such as artificial intelligence (ai) and networking, hpe said in a statement.
it will also begin construction of a high-tech extension to its mahadevapura campus in bengaluru that will be able to house more than 10,000 employees, as well as state-of-the-art r&d facilities, it added.
when complete, the 1.
3-million sq ft campus will support a broad range of functions including r&d, engineering services, finance and sales.
this strategic investment (of usd 500 million) underscores hpes long-term commitment to india and will enable the company to grow its operations, manufacturing and employee base in the country, increase its r&d and services exports, as well as invest in technology initiatives to drive positive change for local indian communities, the statement said.
hpe said it also plans to commence manufacturing in india.
the company is scheduled to start manufacturing it subsidiary arubas portfolio of mobility and internet of things (iot) solutions in india before the end of this year.
the manufacturing capability in india will allow aruba to rapidly innovate networking solutions that will deliver benefits in support of the digital india agenda and to customers across the country, it said.
antonio neri, president and ceo of hpe and a member of the us-india ceo forum, said india is one of the largest and fastest-growing economies in the world, and the investments will further develop the country as a critical market for hpes global business.
the modi 2.
0 administrations vision of a usd 5 trillion economy is impressive and fitting for a country with this level of energy and opportunity.
.
.
(the investment will) benefit our customers, partners, employees and the citizens of india, he said.
electronics and it minister ravishankarprasad prasad said it is a matter of great assurance that a global giant like hpe is making big investments in india both in manufacturing as well as r&d.
this shows the rising confidence of global investors in indias rapidly growing electronics manufacturing sector and the success of digital india, he said.
(this story has been published from a wire agency feed without modifications to the text.
only the headline has been changed.
the rajya sabha on thursday condemned the violence in bhima koregaon in maharashtra.
both houses of parliament saw continuous disruptions on wednesday over the riots in maharashtra, as opposition members created ruckus, forcing repeated adjournments.
a bill to ban instant triple talaq was tabled in the rajya sabha on wednesday, but the congress and the bjp indulged in a slugfest over the bill.
while the government wanted a debate on the muslim women (protection of rights on marriage) bill, the opposition wanted it to be sent to a select committee for scrutiny.
the winter session of parliament ends on friday, january 5.
here are the live updates:7:00pm: noting that it was public investment that had enabled the country to consistently achieve over 7  growth at a time of dismal private investment, finance minister arun jaitley in lok sabha says the government is bringing all possible resources to bear in order to resolve the issue of banks bad loans.
6:55pm: lok sabha passes bill to hike salaries of supreme court, high court judges.
6:54pm: the duplicity of the congress is quite clear, it has become a typical characteristic of the party: bjp leader sudhanshu trivedi on triple talaq bill.
6:50pm: double standards of the congress-led the opposition are exposed today and i think it is a shame that they are trying to obstruct this path of justice for indian muslim women, says union minister smriti irani on triple talaq bill.
6:35pm: the opposition stands exposed in rajya sabha.
for the past two days, it has been repeatedly said if there are any issues on triple talaq bill, they need to be put out on the floor of the house.
why is the congress-led opposition running away from discussion?
asks smirit irani.
6:25pm: discussion on supplementary grants bill, third batch, begins in lok sabha.
6:20pm: the government is isolated, the opposition is one.
the bill should be sent to the select committee, congress leader kapil sibal tells ani after rajya sabha debate over triple talaq bill.
6:14pm: today, the bjp has been exposed, they dont have the guts to empower women, says tmc mp derek o brien after rajya sabha debate.
6:00pm: law minister ravishankarprasad prasad replies to the discussion on the supreme court and high court judges salary hike bill.
good work of the judiciary needs to be appreciated.
the judges have also worked during vacations, to expedite cases.
5:49pm: rajya sabha adjourned till 11am on friday, after continued uproar over triple talaq bill.
5:46pm: tmc mp derek o brien says, its clear that this side (opposition) wants to empower women, and you (centre) stand exposed.
smriti irani replies: absolutely not, if you seriously want to empower women then have a discussion now.
5:45pm: anand sharma says the motion was moved on wednesday so the unfinished business must be finished.
he objects to taking up another bill instead of the triple talaq bill.
5:42pm: unless there is a consensus in the house, cannot take up the triple talaq bill, says deputy chairman of the rajya sabha.
i will have to go by the list of legislative business.
so the gst bill will be taken up, the chair says.
5:40pm: uproar in rajya sabha after oppositions motion on triple talaq bill, opposition has demanded the bill be sent to select committee.
5:30pm: rajya sabha takes up triple talaq bill.
arun jaitley says the amendment motion brought by anand sharma and sukhendu sekhar roy on wednesday were not as per the rules and hence should be rejected.
opposition mps protest, recall the chairs words that the motions were valid.
5:25pm: members in the rajya sabha express concern over the forcible eviction of some blind students by the delhi development authority, with the centre saying the affected persons were rehabilitated in an adjoining school.
4:45pm: government seeks parliaments approval for additional expenditure of rs 80,000 crore for recapitalisation of public sector banks.
4:30pm: a commission formed to examine repealing the habitual offenders act will submit its report in a couple of days after which a final decision will be taken in this regard, says union minister krishan pal gurjar in the rajya sabha.
4:00pm: rajya sabha chairman m venkaiah naidu asks members to act responsibly to ensure smooth proceedings and assured them that whatever decision he takes would be to enhance the image of the house.
during a meeting, the triple talaq bill was discussed and the chairman asked both the opposition and the treasury benches to sort out the issue between them2:00pm: lok sabha approves amendments made by the rajya sabha in two bills- the national bank for agriculture and rural development (amendment) bill, and insolvency and bankruptcy code (amendment) bill- passed by it earlier.
1.
04pm: rajya sabha adjourned till 2pm.
1.
03pm: in the lok sabha, prahlad singh patel of the bjp raises the issue of rape and murder of girls belonging to dalit communities, and scheduled castes and scheduled tribes.
1.
00pm: in the lok sabha, the government tables a demand for additional grant of rs 80,000 crore for bank recapitalisation.
12.
55pm: minister of state for information and broadcasting rajyavardhan singh rathore informs the lok sabha that as much as 65  population of the country will soon be able to tune in to fm radio network.
currently, only 52  of the population can access fm radio network.
12.
24pm: home minister rajnath singh says nrc work in assam was going on under the directions of the supreme court.
if anyones name is left out, he/she can appeal and it will be looked into.
12.
20pm: in lok sabha, trinamool congress mp saugata roy says the national register of citizens was a conspiracy to drive out bengali people from assam in the name of illegal bangladeshi immigrants.
12.
17pm: rajya sabha amendment on the insolvency and bankruptcy code (amendment) bill adopted by lok sabha.
12.
05pm: in the rajya sabha, ritabrata banerjee said the centre should consider renaming west bengal as bangla, as a resolution has already been passed in the state assembly.
he said the name west bengal was given by the british during partition.
11.
55am: the rajya sabha will take up short duration discussions on the state of economy, investment climate and job creation in the country and the need to address the challenge of rising unemployment.
the upper house will also take up the goods and services tax (compensation to states) amendment bill, the muslim women (protection of rights on marriage) bill, the prevention of corruption (amendment) bill, the central road fund (amendment)bill, the state banks (repeal and amendment) bill, and the motor vehicles (amendment) bill.
11.
50am: lok sabha will take up a rajya sabha amendment on the insolvency and bankruptcy code (amendment) bill, and discuss the high court and the supreme court judges (salaries and conditions of service) amendment bill, the payment of gratuity (amendment) bill, the dentists (amendment) bill, the national council for teacher education (amendment) bill.
11.
42am: amar shankar sable of the bjp says gujarat leader jignesh mevani, and umar khalid made inflammatory speeches leading to the violence in maharashtra.
11.
40am: nominated member sambhaji chhatrapati, a descendent of maratha ruler chhatrapati shivaji, says shivaji as well as dr br ambedkar always worked for the uplift of the backward classes, and unity of the people.
11.
33am: d raja of cpi says dalit issue needs to be addressed by all parties, ramdas athawale says those who instigated and carried out the violence in bhima koregaon should be punished.
11.
25am: sharad pawar of ncp appeals to the government to bring the situation to normalcy as quickly as possible, kanimozhi of dmk seeks long-term solution to the issue of violence against dalits.
11.
20am: in the lok sabha, water resources minister nitin gadkari answers questions sharing of water and building barrages across the mahanadi river in odisha.
11.
17am: nadimul haque of trinamool congress demands stop to political lynching, dilip tirkey of bjd seeks probe into similar incidents of violence across india.
11.
14am: rajani patil of the congress starts discussion on bhima koregaon violence.
naresh agrawal of the samajwadi party says maharashtra government failed to provide security to people, demands report.
11.
10am: rajya sabha takes up issue of violence in bhima koregaon in maharashtra.
10.
53am: congress mp rajni patil gives notice in rajya sabha under rule 267 over bhima koregaon violence.
10.
52am: after a shift of the telugu desam party, a key ally of the bjp, other allies may also shift sides and demand the bills scrutiny by a select panel, opposition sources tell hindustan times.
10.
48am: if the government finally agrees to form a select panel to send the triple talaq bill for scrutiny, it will bring its own motion rather than supporting the one given by the congress anand sharma or by the trinamool congress, sources tell hindustan times.
10.
44am: trinamool congress leaders protest in front of the gandhi statue in parliament over the national register of citizens issue in assam.
10.
40am: bjp leaders protest in front of the gandhi statue in parliament against the murder of party worker deepak rao in karnatakas mangalore, demand case be transferred to the cbi.
9.
50am: since the bjp keeps trying to oppress and insult the muslim community, everyone agreed that it should be sent to a select committee, and a decision should be arrived on after taking into consideration all groups interests, says shakeel ahmad.
9.
49am: everyone wants the bill to not be rushed through.
it is a very sensitive issue that should be thoroughly discussed.
the muslim personal law board has objected to it, and muslim women across the nation are protesting it, says congress leader shakeel ahmad.
9.
47am: there are certain provisions in the bill that could harm families.
this is what (prime minister narendra) modi ji wants.
it is the mentality of modi ji and the sangh parivar, because of which there have been efforts to insult the muslim community, congress leader shakeel ahmad tells ani.
9.
45am: congress says the bill on triple talaq, if implemented sans amendments, could harm many families.
# what is the triple talaq bill?
this bill gives power to the victim to approach a magistrate seeking subsistence allowance for herself and minor children in the case of instant triple talaq or talaq-e-biddat.
a victim can also seek the custody of her minor children from the magistrate.
under the law, instant triple talaq in any form - spoken, in writing or by electronic means such as email, sms and whatsapp - would be illegal and void.
new delhi: the centre has launched a nationwide drive to reduce the number of cases pending in courts by curtailing the zeal of governments and its departments in filing litigations.
union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad has written to all union ministers and chief ministers to launch special arrears clearance drives to reduce pending cases and minimise fresh litigation.
the government and its departments are litigants in nearly half (46 ) of the 3.
14 crore litigations pending in different courts in the country, leading to a huge cost to the government, prasad wrote last week.
the law ministry reasons that pendency of cases can be brought down simply by reducing cases originating from within the government or making it a party to a case.
the state governments and union ministries should identify frivolous and vexatious matters and separate them from matters with merit, he wrote.
the government must cease to be a compulsive litigant and executive power should be used to reduce the grievance of the future litigant.
virtually spelling out that litigation is the last resort will be the governments policy while going forward, prasad has asked his counterparts in other ministries to ensure that departments under them use alternative dispute resolution methods like mediation to reduce litigation against the government.
underlining the seriousness of the drive, prasad has also asked all ministries and states to submit quarterly compliance reports on reducing pendency by withdrawing, settling or disposing of cases.
i am directing the secretary justice to hold meetings with all ministries/departments to review this matter regularly, he wrote.
the government has come under sharp criticism by the apex court for not filling vacancies in the judiciary, leading to pile up of cases.
with a stand-off between the judiciary and the executive persisting over appointment of judges, the government has come up with this plan to reduce pending cases.
.
denying the reports of a downturn in employment in the countrys it industry, electronics and information technology minister ravishankarprasad prasad on tuesday said that almost 20-25 lakh additional jobs will be created in the sector in the next four to five years.
i completely deny and refute that there is any downturn in the employment in the it sector.
it is robust.
once the digital economy is here, you will see how much it will progress, the minister said during an interaction with reporters at a press meet in the ministry.
indian it companies are spread across 200 cities and 80 countries around the world, which provide direct employment to 40 lakh people and indirect employment to almost 1.
3 crore people.
as the industry is moving forward, it is nasscoms assessment that in the coming four to five years, almost 20-25 lakh additional jobs will be created, he added.
the minister said that in the next five to seven years, indias digital economy will be of an estimated $1 trillion in value, which is almost rs 600 lakh crore.
in the last three years, almost six lakh people have been employed in our it sector.
in 2016-17, the number of people employed was around 1.
7 lakh, he said.
we have common service centres in about 2.
5 lakh cities and almost 10 lakh people are employed there.
the indian it companies currently serve two-thirds of the fortune 500 companies and have created 40 lakh direct jobs in india, the ministry said in a statement.
the minister also said that the it ministry has taken note of projections by software industry organisation nasscom to present an objective and realistic potential of the employment scenario.
nasscom has confirmed that the industry continues to be a net hirer and reports that 2.
5-3 million new jobs will be created by 2025.
in 2016-17, the industry added 170,000 new jobs, the release said.
speaking on the recent cyber attack by ransomware virus wannacrypt, the minister said that india has been one of the least affected by the ransomware.
about 200 locations were there and they were all stand alone computers, because we had taken proactive measures from march itself by having the microsoft patch being installed, by sending advisories.
we are constantly updating, the minister said.
a private bus ferrying 48 women employees of a private firm overturned after colliding with a truck at an intersection near the fruits and vegetables market in noida phase 2, close to the kent ro systems factory, at around 5.
30am on saturday.
seven of the passengers, all of whom were women, were admitted to the intensive care unit of kailash hospital in noida, where their condition is stated to be out of danger.
an fir has been registered in the matter against the driver of the truck.
the bus was going towards the factory of motherson sumi systems, located in noida phase 2.
according to the police, the rear end of the bus was allegedly hit by a truck which was coming from the right side.
police said the impact of the collision was so strong that the bus turned on its side.
the driver of the bus, ravishankarprasad , submitted a complaint against the driver of the truck, vikram singh, a native of kangra, himachal pradesh.
the truck came from the right side in high speed and hit our bus on the rear end, after which the vehicle turned on its side.
most of the women in the bus were injured in the accident.
we informed the police and company officials and they rushed us to various hospitals, shankar, who was also injured in the accident, said.
most of the injured persons were taken to the chaudhari hospital in phase 2 while 11 severely injured passengers were admitted to the kailash hospital in sector 27.
barring the seven under observation in the icu, most of the patients have been discharged.
the bus was ferrying the employees from their respective homes; their shift was to begin from 6am and end at 2pm.
the bus service was provided by the company to pick up and drop female employees.
the bus service was hired from an agency.
all the medical expenses of the injured employees will be taken care of by the company.
we were immediately informed about the incident after which we rushed to the spot.
all the employees are out of danger and we will take care of all their needs.
our staff from the human resource department is at the hospital to take care of the injured persons and their family members, spokesperson of motherson sumi systems said.
the patients injured in the bus accident were brought to our hospital at around 6.
30 am.
many more came till round 12pm.
seven of them are recuperating in the icu but everybody is out of danger.
appropriate medical attention has been given to the patients, vb joshi, spokesperson, kailash hospital, said.
the phase 2 police have registered a case of section 279 (rash driving or riding on a public way), 337 (causing hurt by act endangering life or personal safety of others), 427 (mischief causing damage to the amount of fifty rupees) and 338 (causing grievous hurt by act endangering life or personal safety of others) of the indian penal code.
we have registered a case against the truck driver under various sections of indian penal code.
the injured persons were rushed to nearby hospitals and no casualty has taken place.
the complaint was submitted by the bus driver, farmood ali pundir, station house officer, phase 2 police station, said.
a bill that proposes to give reservation in educational institutions and government jobs to those living within 10km of the international border in jammu, on a par with people living along the line of control in kashmir, is likely to be tabled in the lok sabha on monday.
the lower house is also expected to take up the aadhaar bill that allows the voluntary use of aadhaar as an identity proof for opening bank accounts as well as procuring mobile phone connections.
last week, the union cabinet cleared both the bills.
according to the list of business for the lower house, union home minister amit shah is expected to table the jammu and kashmir reservation (amendment) bill, 2019, which allows amendments in the jammu and kashmir reservation act, 2004 to bring residents of areas adjoining international border (ib) within the ambit of reservation on a par with persons living in areas adjoining actual line of control (aloc).
extending the benefits of reservation to the residents along the ib has been a long pending demand and is expected to benefit over 3 million residents.
in february, the union cabinet had also approved amendments to the constitution (application to jammu and kashmir) order, 1954, by the way of constitution (application to jammu & kashmir) amendment order, 2019, to provide 10  reservation for economically weaker sections, which include scheduled castes, schedule tribes, in educational institutions and government jobs in addition to the existing reservations in jammu and kashmir.
union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad is also expected to table the aadhaar and other laws (amendment) bill, 2019.
it will replace an ordinance issued in march and proposes stiff penalties for violation of norms.
the bill also proposes giving a child an option to exit from the biometric id programme on attaining 18 years of age.
in the rajya sabha, jp nadda, the working president of the ruling bharatiya janata party (bjp), is expected to move the motion of thanks on the presidents address.
the business advisory committee of the upper house has proposed 12 hours for the motion of thanks to the address delivered by president ram nath kovind to both the houses on june 20.
following the presidents address to a joint session of parliament at the beginning of a session after each lok sabha election, the ruling party moves a motion of thanks in both the two houses.
the government is willing to strengthen laws to plug security holes in digital payment systems, and will soon invite ideas from users on how to protect consumer interests, union minister ravishankarprasad prasad said on friday.
the narendra modi government is pushing for a largely digital economy which it says will stamp out illicit cash and end counterfeiting.
digital transactions in the country spiked by 195  between october 2016 and january 2017, after the government banned high-value banknotes.
digital payments rules of e-wallets shall be floated soon to take into consideration consumer interest and safety.
the rules will be made after taking into account issues and concerns that arise after the consultation paper is floated, said prasad, the minister for information technology.
the draft of the consultation paper is ready, he said.
critics of the demonetisation exercise and experts have pointed out the countrys online payment system is not foolproof and open to potential attacks by cyber thieves who can wipe out millions of rupees by bypassing the weak firewalls.
the consultation paper will give consumers as well as merchants a chance to voice their worries about the new payments system.
the minister said the it ministry was also in talks with banks and national payments council of india (npci) to help merchants with switching over to digital payments.
a senior government official said that pci -- a data security standard adopted by major cards including visa, mastercard and american express -- and ussd are also being strengthened to make sure that digital payments are safer.
he said wallet insurance is also being considered for implementation given the rise in digital payments.
ussd is a communication technology used to send text messages between a mobile phone and an application program.
the minister added that the consultation paper or the new rules will not be in conflict with the reserve bank of india (rbi)s regulations.
the new guidelines will not challenge the rbi rules but if there is an amendment to be made under the it act following the consultation process, the government will go ahead with the changes, he added.
the government had announced its decision to launch aadhaar pay -- a merchant version of aadhaar-enabled payment system  which is expected to benefit people who dont have debit/credit cards, mobile wallets and mobile phones.
he said the government has set a target of 2,500 crore digital transactions in the financial year 2017-18 through different platforms.
banks have been advised to introduce an additional 10 lakh pos by march 2017 and 20 lakh aadhaar-based pos by september this year, prasad added.
pos, the commonly used term for point of sale, are online terminals where retail transactions are carried out.
indias digital economy is expected to hit $1 trillion in the next five to seven years combining, the minister said.
jharkhand chief minister raghubar das on friday said that 172 of the 210 mous signed during the global investors summit (gis) will materialie in a year and the work at the ground level will begin within two years.
addressing the concluding ceremony of the two-day summit, das said the state only invited those companies to sign deals which were positive about initiating works on the ground.
jharkhand will play a pivotal role in making india an investment destination.
we, as team jharkhand, are ready to put in all possible efforts to contribute to the countrys industrial aspirations, das said, thanking the representatives from 26 countries, four union ministers and industry captains from across the world.
he also promised initiatives from the government in identifying and removing the hurdles that the investors face.
for this, he said, the state will hold monthly meetings with investors and identify the problems they face in regular works.
today we start a new journey towards development.
it is our endeavour to end poverty and unemployment in jharkhand, he said.
union minister for information technology, ravishankarprasad prasad lauded jharkhands efforts towards the digital revolution and creating an investment-friendly atmosphere.
india received the highest investments in the world in the last two years.
jharkhands role in the achievement has been instrumental, said prasad.
nirmala sitharaman, minister for state (independent charge) commerce and industry, said, jharkhand has excelled in all parameters in last two years.
momentum jharkhand is picking up and ready to fly.
the state is going to make big turnaround.
mos rural development, ram kripal yadav said jharkhand was a rich state with poor people, and it was time to work for holistic growth of people as well as the state.
it was time for jharkhands people to be as rich as their state.
investments will bring the necessary changes for holistic growth of jharkhand, yadav said.
indiaupdated: sep 08, 2019 22:48 istformer union minister and celebrated lawyer ram jethmalani, who argued in high-profile cases such as the nanavati case and the jessica lall murder case, died in new delhi on sunday.
he was 95.
the senior advocate had been unwell for the last few months and breathed his last at 7.
45am at his residence, his son mahesh jethmalani said.
prime minister narendra modi visited jethmalanis residence and said that the courageous advocate never shied from expressing his views.
in the passing away of shri ram jethmalani ji, india has lost an exceptional lawyer and iconic public figure who made rich contributions both in the court and parliament.
he was witty, courageous and never shied away from boldly expressing himself on any subject, the pm wrote on twitter.
saddened by the passing of shri ram jethmalani, former union minister and a veteran lawyer.
he was known to express his views on public issues with his characteristic eloquence.
the nation has lost a distinguished jurist, a person of great erudition and intellect, the presidents secretariat tweeted.
union home minister amit shah said that the veteran lawyer will always be remembered for his vast knowledge on legal affairs.
attorney general kk venugopal also said the country has lost its finest lawyer who was bold and handled the most sensational criminal cases and constitutional matters.
former prime minister manmohan singh too remembered jethmalani as an able administrator and a seasoned parliamentarian, and congress president sonia gandhi extended her condolences to the advocates family and friends.
jethmalani -- popularly called a doyen in the field of legal fraternity -- shot to prominence in 1959, when he took up the role of a prosecutor in the landmark km nanavati case, in which a naval commander was tried for murdering his wifes lover prem bhagwan ahuja.
his other high-profile cases included the indira gandhi assassination case in which he appeared for the accused.
in 2011, he defended former prime minister rajiv gandhis assassin in the madras high court besides harshad mehta and ketan parekh in stock market scam cases and delhi university professor sar geelani in the parliament attack case in 2001.
the senior advocate had also represented the accused, manu sharma, in the jessica lall murder case.
a six-time rajya sabha mp, jethmalani was presently serving as a member of the rashtriya janata dal.
he was elected to the lok sabha twice on a bharatiya janata party (bjp) ticket from mumbai in 1977 and 1980.
jethmalani served as the law minister and the urban development minister in the atal bihari vajpayee-led bjp government between 1998 and 2000.
jethmalani remained a bjp member in parliaments upper house subsequently, but fell out with the party in 2013.
he was finally expelled from the bjp for six years for alleged anti-party activities, prompting him to file a suit and demanding 50 lakh in damages from the saffron party, but the matter was amicably settled after shah expressed regret over jethmalanis expulsion.
widely respected by the bar and the bench, the former minister also served as the supreme court bar association president in 2010 and was the bar council of india chairman four times.
a vocal critic of the congress-led central government during emergency, the advocate earned a reputation of being characteristically forthright in expressing his views.
he was a champion for the underdog, was an open critic of an inefficient system and roared like a lion in courts, former delhi high court judge justice rs sodhi, who had worked closely with jethmalani, said.
born in shikarpur in sindh province (now in pakistan) in 1923, jethmalani completed his law degree in undivided india at the age of 17 and began his practice before moving to mumbai after partition.
senior advocate indira jaising, who also belonged to sindh, remembers that jethmalani was fond of talking about his life in pakistan.
we both had a common dream, to see india and pakistan friends, she said.
he retired in 2017 but continued to teach pro bono at a private law college in pune.
his mortal remains were cremated at the lodhi road crematorium later in the evening in the presence of family members, friends and eminent people, including law minister ravishankarprasad prasad and delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal.
union minister ravishankarprasad prasad is one of the senior most leaders of the government.
he spoke to kumar uttam and prashant jha on the governments record in office.
edited excerpts:q: what is the most significant achievement of the modi government?
first, we have given an honest and transparent government.
middlemen are out and decisions are taken on merit.
second, we have raised indias global prestige and power.
the pm is a global leader.
we have also ensured growth with equity.
india is becoming a big destination as the fastest growing economy (in the world).
there is big push to infrastructure sector and highways.
then, there are novel programmes for the poor, such as sending benefits directly into their bank accounts ; there are schemes such as ujjwala scheme, bringing electricity to villages, common service centres under digital india programme.
rs 5.
67 lakh crore have been disbursed to over 12 crore people under mudra scheme.
i would not say everything is complete.
but, india is on a march of great growth, with great hope.
q: let us begin with the economy.
has the bjp failed to create jobs?
i disagree.
if over 120 million people have been given loans under mudra scheme, and even half of them have added one more employee, how much does it come to?
if roads are being constructed at great speed, are people getting employment or not?
as per nasscom estimates, 6 lakh people have got jobs in the last three years in the it sector.
q: are you shifting goal posts when you talk about self employment and not formal jobs?
no.
government jobs cannot be there for everyone.
what is important is for the government to create an enabling atmosphere.
that is what we are doing.
we are creating jobs in manufacturing, infrastructure, service sector and others.
q: agriculture is another sector that is under stress.
we are blending technology and irrigation.
there is huge flip for irrigation  worth rs 60,000 crore.
insurance to farmers, soil health card, blue revolution, white revolution are all designed to empower the farmer.
i will not say there is no stress.
the conventional method of loan waiver is resorted to wherever needed.
but the larger narrative is of empowering farmers.
q: did demonetization cripple the economy?
no.
whatever money has come - about 14 lakh crore - has an identity.
it also helped us locate, identify and cripple the parallel corporate sector.
more than 2 lakh companies have been deregistered.
rs 35,000 crore was deposited by a few groups of people.
one company had no balance sheet, and it deposited close to rs 4,000 crore in one weeks time and withdrew it.
we were able to locate those fly by night operators.
i am willing to concede it may have a temporary impact on the realty sector.
but, with rera and others, surely there is a roadmap available for more clean-up and an accountable real estate sector.
q: manmohan singh had predicted note-ban and gst will have an adverse impact on economy.
has he been proved right?
it was not the economist, but politician manmohan singh who was speaking.
he could not lead the gst (move) successfully.
modi government could negotiate with stakeholders.
have 11 million new traders joined on the gst platform or not?
there are several independents reports by bodies such as world bank.
all of them say india is the fastest growing economy.
the fundamentals of the economy are strong.
foreign direct investment and foreign exchange reserve is at the highest level.
inflation, current account deficit, and fiscal deficit are under check.
for a long term and structural change, you need to take bold decision with courage and with adequate preparation.
q: you led the charge against upa when fuel prices shot up.
today, you are facing the same challenge.
the price has been deregulated.
prices came down 8 or 9 times in the past.
crude prices are unusually high.
government is contemplating a long term solution.
but let us not forget that all the duties on fuel are used for the countrys development.
there has to be a balance between those who move in cars, and need for the poor.
q: is there a mismatch between government approach towards the poor and middle class?
digital india and electronic manufacturing are creating new avenues for middle class youth.
when national highways are done well, doesnt it benefit the middle class?
what does a chappalwallah taking a flight under udaan scheme indicate?
it will be completely wrong to say we are ignoring middle class.
q: the congress has alleged that you have systematically undermined institutions, including the judiciary by holding the appointment of judges.
how do you see the larger executive-judiciary relationship?
the congress has no face to ask questions to us.
the first supersession in the history of supreme court happened under congress.
justice hr khanna, the courageous judge who ruled that fundamental rights of indian cannot be compromised even during emergency, was not allowed to be made chief justice for even two months.
what is our record?
this is government of leaders who have fought against emergency for three freedoms -- of individuals, media and judiciary.
our commitment for independence of judiciary is complete and total.
but those defeated by people repeatedly cannot run politics of the country from corridors of court through sponsored litigations.
i mean the congress.
the whole (judge bh) loya case was a deliberate conspiracy by the congress.
take the whole impeachment move or the outburst in the course of hearing of ram janmabhoomi case.
this whole narrative of congress was designed to overawe the judiciary.
this is not acceptable.
with regard to appointments, 2014-15 was lost in the njac battle.
we brought the national judicial commission.
they stayed it.
in 2016, we appointed 126 high court judges, the highest in the last 30 years.
since 1989 the average appointment was 72-85.
in 2017, we appointed 119 judges, about 10-15 sc judges, about 250 additional judges were confirmed.
this year too, we have also appointed about 30 judges.
it will continue to be done.
but remember, the right to seek a reconsideration of the recommendations made by the collegium is a right available to the government.
q: but are your exercising this right based on verdicts judges have given?
i am happy that you raised this.
you are referring to the uttarakhand judgment.
the allegation is absolutely wrong and untenable for two simple reasons.
a bjp government has been elected with nearly three-fourth majority now.
second, that high court order was upheld by the sc.
by whom - justice khehar; he, remember, had also set aside the njac and rose to become a distinguished chief justice under our government.
the stand that we have taken is purely on principle that there has to be greater sensitivity towards regional representation, those who missed out and all those things.
q: there is also a perception that under the government, the cabinet system is undermined.
all the power is vested in the pm and the pmo.
this comes from the congress, whose ministers never cared for the pm.
my leader, the pm, has been elected by the people because of his record of governance and the trust he generates.
this whole argument that cabinet system is not working is humbug.
the pm permits a free and frank discussion, seeks advice, we all speak, and he works in the most democratic manner possible.
yes, the pm very effectively monitors the delivery of schemes.
thats good.
thats his job.
he works 24x7 and expects all of us to work.
what is the congress problem if the cabinet system has been restored with all its discipline, delivery and effective governance?
i do not want to reflect upon the 10 years of the upa, as to what kind of respect was given to the pm, that one gentleman decided to tear away the ordinance passed by the cabinet.
that was the respect of the pm then.
q: why havent you appointed a lokpal yet?
there was an issue about clarity of law; then the standing committee recommendations came.
the matter went to supreme court and now the process is on.
meetings were held, but (mallikarjun) kharge (the leader of the congress in the lok sabha) refused to attend.
lokpal is important, but clean governance is equally important.
despite lokpal not being appointed for reasons beyond our control, we have given a clean government.
q.
turning to politics, you came to power on the basis of a wide social coalition.
but are you now facing a dalit challenge?
the bjp has the largest number of dalit mps and mlas.
we strengthened the sc/st act in 2015.
when we got numbers and could have got anyone elected as president of india, we chose a distinguished political leader of great respect who also came from dalit community.
what more visual symbol can be given?
we are undertaking a new narrative of dalit empowerment even as others are doing politics.
q: is the bjp worried about emerging opposition unity?
india of 2018-19 is not the india of 90s.
it is an india of aspiration and hope.
they want a stable government, want it to perform, deliver, and if it doesnt, it is shown the doors.
the only glue for the opposition is survival against modi.
it is a text book case of political opportunism.
prime minister narendra modi on friday interacted with 26-year-old misba hashmi of yamunanagar and praised her for helping people avail government schemes by running a common service centre (csc) at her native village buria.
the pm talked to misba and two beneficiaries of her csc via video-conference and asked her to continue her service to people.
talking to hindustan times, misba said, it was like a dream come true.
i never thought that the pm will interact with me and appreciate my work.
during the 7-minute interaction, modi asked her to explain how she helped people and how they are benefited under the digital india initiative.
he also praised misba for using the technology to provide medical assistance to women.
she told the pm that she has also started manufacturing sanitary napkins and has employed seven women.
modi assured her that he will have a selfie with her under the selfie with daughter campaign whenever he will visit haryana.
i congratulate you from my heart for the work you are doing for the people of your village especially, women.
the pm also interacted with meenu, who works as a domestic help in yamunanagar, and has learnt how to make online payments from misba .
another beneficiary of misbas csc, shokat ali, told the pm that he had applied for financial assistance under indira awas yojana with the help of the centre and it was approved.
later, the prime minister also tweeted a video of his interaction with misba.
misba, who has done btech in 2013, told ht that she decided to start csc in november 2014 to help people avail government schemes.
though my family and friends wanted me to apply for a job, i set up the centre to educate people digitally.
she said that on thursday, union minister for electronics and information technology ravishankarprasad prasad interacted with her over phone and informed her that the pm will talk to her on friday.
misbas father mohammad irshad is a contractor and her mother sahida bano is a retired government teacher.
misba has also attended several seminars and conferences under the digital india campaign.
at a time when the indian it industry is jostling with the introduction of lofgren bill in the us that might put an end to h1b visas, union electronics and information technology minister ravishankarprasad prasad on thursday urged the visiting eu parliamentarians to open bigger doors for the indian it professionals.
the it ministry is looking to work with european nations and eyeing opportunities in these nations .
at the same time, the government is working to get recognition of professional degrees from india in those countries, ravishankarprasad prasad told ht.
indian it sector contributes 9.
3  to the countrys gdp and employs 3.
7 million people every year.
the us has introduced the lofgren bill, which proposes the minimum wages being doubled to $130,000.
the current h1-b minimum wage of $60,000 was fixed in 1989.
the uncertainty after the introduction of the bill has led to drop in value, and fall in employment.
during his meeting with the us lawmakers on tuesday, the minister had told them to keep indian it industrys contribution in mind while deciding on the immigration policy.
a delegation from industry body nasscom is also scheduled to meet the us lawmakers on friday.
prasad said that the eu parliamentarians were impressed with the digital initiatives of the country.
the eu parliamentarians were impressed with the digital delivery of services in the country including aadhaar, hospitals, and digigaon, prasad said, adding the delegation was also looking forward to work with india in the field of cyber security.
he also said that the delegation was also interested to know about the negative impacts of digitisation such as cyberbullying.
claiming that the eu delegation was impressed with electronics manufacturing, prasad said that eu was one the biggest contributors of fdi in the country and the government was looking to have a multi-lateral approach with the union.
the delegation was led by vicky ford, a eu parliamentarian elected from the uk.
prime minister narendra modi on tuesday admonished party lawmakers who had been skipping parliament sittings or its debates, delivering a clear message that the party was keeping a close watch on their attendance in parliament and its many panels.
pm modi signaled at the meeting of the bjp parliamentary party that he was unhappy that many bjp members of parliament had been absenting themselves from the house during key discussions in the first few days of the budget session.
how would you feel if amit shah were to come to your rally and didnt show up at the last moment, he asked once.
then he turned, looked at some bjp mps and repeated his question.
and then again.
how would you feel and you, how would you feel.
just minutes earlier, parliamentary affairs minister pralhad joshi had urged members to be punctual and pointed out that there werent many bjp mps in the house when law minister ravishankarprasad prasad introduced the controversial triple talaq bill.
how would you feel if you won by 2 lakh votes and realised your best friend didnt vote for you?
he asked next.
someone mumbled that they would be disappointed.
that is how i felt when i saw the number of people attending parliament, pm modi said.
pm modi and bjp chief amit shah had delivered a record majority for the bjp in the just-concluded national elections.
the bjp has 303 seats in the lok sabha and the national democratic alliance that it leads, 352.
the intention of the sharp reminder by the pm was aimed at ensuring that the bjp lawmakers get in the habit of scrupulously attending parliament sittings right at the beginning of their innings.
nearly half of the 542 mps elected in the national elections, 268, are first-timer lok sabha mps.
the problem of mps skipping sittings is not unique to this lok sabha, or the bjp.
in his first term too, pm modi had to pull up lawmakers now and then for playing truant.
there had been occasions when sittings of parliament had to be deferred for want of quorum though the bjp had a clear majority.
at one parliamentary party meeting, pm modi had warned lawmakers who arent punctual that their attendance would be taken into account when the party has to give out tickets to contest the national elections.
there is no word if this parameter was indeed applied for contesting tickets.
but pm modi told mps at tuesdays meeting that he did take the attendance and contribution of mps in parliament into account to decide who to induct into his council of ministers.
pm modi said he had ranked all mps on this parameter to identify who to induct.
those who figured high on this list stood a better chance of being picked, he said.
there cannot be a complete security of personal data of online consumers, nasscom chief r chandrashekar today said, underscoring the need for strict enforcement of consumer protection laws to minimise impact.
more than 3 million credit card data were misused recently.
let us face it, these kind of security breaches will take place.
there is nothing called fully perfect security in it, chandrashekar said while addressing an event organised to commemorate the world consumer rights day.
the impact and scale of such incidents can be minimised, but a complete cyber security cannot be provided, he cautioned.
there is a greater urgency, according to chandrashekar, to protect online consumers as the e-commerce industry is growing at a faster pace.
more so because the country does not even have privacy laws unlike others such as the uk and the us where online consumers are protected, he said.
while access to personal data helps companies give better services to consumers, there is a need to strike a balance between voluntary and mandatory disclosure of personal data, he suggested.
it is not that a separate law is required to regulate e-commerce market, but the question is how to enforce consumer laws in digital world, chandrashekar said.
earlier addressing the event, it minister ravishankarprasad prasad today said there is a dilemma on how to strike a balance between maintaining privacy of data and at the same time using it for providing better services.
he said the government is pushing digital programmes to empower people to improve their lives and cited various experiences of common people earning better income taking advantage of digital technologies like internet and smartphones.
speaking on the occasion, national consumer disputes redressal commission (ncdrc) member rekha gupta said special attention needs to be given in areas of data protection and security breaches.
there is a rise in complaints in consumer courts on e-commerce and digital financial products like cloning of atm cards and unauthorised withdrawal of money, she said, hoping that new law will have provisions to curb such practice.
the bypolls to the six rajya sabha seats in the state of gujarat, bihar and odisha will be held on july 5, a release from the election commission of india said.
three of these seats are in odisha, 2 in gujarat and 1 in bihar.
four of these vacancies are a result of rajya sabha members from these states getting elected to the lok sabha in the just concluded general elections.
union ministers amit shah, ravishankarprasad prasad and smriti irani are prominent among the six who have vacated their rajya sabha seats having won their respective lok sabha seats.
the last day for filing nominations is june 25 and the counting of votes will be done on july 5 at 5 pm, an hour after polling ends.
the bypoll process has to be completed before july 9, says election commission release.
in his first visit to patna after joining congress, patna sahib mp shatrughan sinha on friday said that he would have perhaps joined the congress long back, had mrs (indira) gandhi been alive.
talking to the media during his visit to sadaquat ashram, headquarters of the bihar pradesh congress committee (bpcc), sihna said he had never spoken against the congress, even though he remained in the bjp.
there has been a considerable rise in popularity of rahul gandhi.
i seem the present and future of india in him.
success of the congress party in three state polls within a year of rahul gandhis accession to the chief of the party was no mean achievement, said sinha after his grandiose welcome at his new home by the party workers.
sinha, also known as bihari babu, said that he stayed back in the bjp, as he did not wish to leave a party where he had grown up and earned respect.
but things have changed drastically in the last two-three years.
arrogance has taken over the party after the departure of atal bihari vajpyee.
it has now become a one-man show and two-man army in the party, said sinha, who will be contesting from the patna sahib lok sabha seat to wrest it for the congress.
the country would retrieve its lost glory under the leadership of rahul gandhi, who is not just a dynamic leader, but also understands the aspirations of youth, farmers and the poor indians well.
unlike the bjp leaders, he (rahul gandhi) does not take recourse to doling out hallow rhetoric.
earlier at the patna airport, sinha wished bjp candidate and union minister ravishankarprasad prasad, who is in the fray from patna sahib, and exuded confidence that he would set a new record for victory margins.
prasad is a friend of mine.
i have no personal enmity with him.
it is a fight for ideology, which cares about the interest of farmers, unemployed youth, national interest and communal harmony, said the actor turned politician.
dubbing local bjp leaders as exhausted cartridges, sinha said that he opted to join the congress to take forward the peoples fight for self-respect and realise their dreams of a prosperous india, where there was respect for one another.
i came here to honour my words.
i had said earlier that the situation could be different, but the location would be same, said sinha, adding that he made up his mind after bjp announced prasads candidature for patna sahib.
to a query about the contest in bihar, sinha said the grand alliance (ga) was like a magic wand and would sweep the poll.
he also praised rjd chief lalu prasad for his understanding of bihar and said he joined the congress on his advice and suggestions of other senior leaders of the opposition parties like mamata banerjee, akhilesh yadav, mayavati and arvind kejriwal.
bpcc president madan mohan jha said that sinha would wrest the patna sahib seat for congress and infuse a fresh lease of life into the party workers.
congress mlc and aicc media panelist prem chandra mishra lambasted the bjp for its bid to paint the congress in bad light on the issue of military strikes across the border and said the party always honoured the armed forces.
the congress needs no lesson on nationalism, as two of its senior most leaders, indira gandhi and rajiv gandhi, laid down their lives for national interests, said mishra.
apple inc wants to expand its contract manufacturers facility in the southern indian tech hub of bengaluru, a union minister said on tuesday, as the iphone maker seeks a bigger share in one of the worlds biggest smartphone markets.
ravi shankar prasad, the union minister for electronics and it said, government officials were in touch with apple and other mobile phone manufacturers for expanding facilities and setting up new plants.
cupertino, california-based apple last week started making iphone se at its taiwanese contract manufacturer wistrons plant in bengaluru.
patnaupdated: aug 27, 2019 17:31 istinvestigations have come very close to revealing the hand of a senior faculty of the all india institute of medical sciences (aiims), patna, for sending a malicious e-mail to prime minister narendra modi and home minister amit shah, among others claiming there was a sex and money racket running in bihars premier medical hospital and college.
nearly a month after the email, portraying the director of the institute and a woman colleague in poor light, was sent to prime minister narendra modi, union home minister amit shah, communications minister ravishankarprasad prasad, union health secretary preeti sudan and a host of other bureaucrats along with heads of different investigating agencies and doctors of aiims-patna, the police believe that the senior doctor used the computer of his brother-in-law to send the e-mail.
the e-mail, with the subject line sex and money ruling aiims, patna, was generated from a camouflaged e-mail id aiims scandal (aiimsscandal983@gmail.com) on july 28.
acting promptly, the aiims administration had lodged a police complaint with the phulwarisharif police station the same month.
our cyber cell has been able to locate the ip (internet proxy) address of the computer from which the e-mail was sent after corresponding with google.
we have even quizzed the suspect once.
we will be able to tell you about the main suspect with some degree of certainty after quizzing the person whose computer was used to send the e-mail, said rafiqur rahman, station house officer (sho) of the phulwarisharif police station.
police sources, however, said the ip address belonged to the computer of a person, who worked in the merchant navy and resided around the dak bungalow area of patna.
the suspect is believed to have told the police that his brother-in-law, an associate professor at aiims-patna, had requested him to allow him to use his computer as internet connectivity at his staff quarter at aiims, phulwarisharif, was down.
aiims patna director, dr prabhat kumar singh said he also had information about the police having identified the suspect and being on the look-out for the main culprit.
he, however, confirmed that the doctor suspected to be the mastermind had not reported to duty.
the doctor you are asking about had worked till yesterday, but has not reported to duty till afternoon today.
he has not intimated us of being on leave either, said dr singh.
there are 36 candidates in the fray for three assembly segments -- noida, dadri and jewar -- in gautam bud nagar district that will go to polls on saturday.
over 12.
86 lakh eligible voters will decide the fate of these candidates for the three seats in the district.
there are 14 candidates each for noida and dadri constituencies and eight candidates are contesting for the jewar assembly seat.
there are only two woman candidates -- shakila from dadri and sumit vaid dixit from jewar -- contesting for the three assembly seats.
for the convenience of voters, the district administration has given the address of a website and telephone numbers for knowing their polling booth.
to know your polling booth, log on to http://www.
nvsp.
in and click on know your booth and to get the details on phone, send eci (space) epic number to 166 or 51969.
the voter will get an sms reply giving his serial number and polling centre.
in a handout, the district election officer said those who did not receive their voter slips could cast their vote by showing one of 12 identify proofs at the polling booth.
the identity proofs include voter id card, passport, driving licence, pan card, bank passbook, photo identity card, pension card, aadhar card, mnrega job card, health insurance smartcard, npr smartcard and an identity card issued by mp/mla.
in noida, the bjp has fielded pankaj singh, son of union home minister rajnath singh.
the other main contestants are sunil choudhary of sp-congress alliance and bsps ravikant mishra.
bjp president amit shah, up bjp president keshav prasad maurya, union urban development minister venkaiah naidu, minister of law and justice ravishankarprasad prasad, power minister piyush goyal, minister of state for heavy industries and public enterprises babul supriyo, minister of state for human resource development mahendra nath pandey, former uttarakhand chief minister ramesh pokhriyal nishank, mps kirron kher and udit raj visited noida to support pankaj singh.
the union minister of state for information and broadcasting rajyavardhan singh rathore and northeast delhi mp manoj tiwari held a road show in support of the bjp candidate in noida on the last day of campaigning on thursday.
for bsp, only party general secretary nasimuddin siddiqui held a rally at sector 39 community centre on january 24.
congress leaders ghulam nabi azad held a rally at dadri and up state congress president raj babbar also held a road show in dadri.
union minister ravishankarprasad prasad said the government may take a major step to ban triple talaq after the uttar pradesh assembly elections.
speaking at a press conference in ghaziabad on saturday, he said the tradition denies respect for women and it needs to be banned.
the government may take a major step to ban triple talaq after the up assembly polls, the union law minister said.
read | gujarat: woman asks court to consider consensual triple talaaq as divorcethe central government is committed to end the evil social practice, he said, adding that it will raise the issue in supreme court on three points.
prasad said this issue is not related to religion but involves respect and dignity of women.
the government respects faith but worship and social evil cannot coexist, he added.
we are the only party which respects women.
neither do other parties offer a good place to women nor do they respect them, prasad said.
the minister attacked bahujan samaj party, saying it should rise above caste politics and respect women.
in the wake of a blaze at a mahanagar telephone nigam limited (mtnl) building in bandra on monday, the department of telecommunications (dot) under the ministry of communications on tuesday ordered a high-level enquiry into the fires at mtnl and bharat sanchar nigam limited (bsnl) buildings across the country.
while there were no casualties, the three-hour rescue operation at bandra, where 84 people were trapped on the rooftop of the ten-storey building, was one of the biggest carried out by the mumbai fire brigade.
the smoke engulfed the entire building and area in the vicinity up to 500m, even covering the railway station.
a fire was also reported in mtnls kidwai telephone exchange building in new delhi on monday morning.
another fire was reported in the bsnl building in salt lake in kolkata on monday evening.
a press release issued by the press information bureau (pib) on monday stated: minister of communications, electronics, and information technology ravishankarprasad prasad has ordered a high-level inquiry by mtnl and bsnl into the fire incidents.
prasad also ordered mtnl and bsnl to conduct fresh fire and safety audits of all their buildings.
meanwhile, the mumbai fire brigade managed to bring the fire under control at 12.
55pm on tuesday.
cooling operations to douse any remaining embers in the furniture in the building went on till 8.
15pm.
according to mtnl, the most recent fire audit of the bandra building was conducted on july 12, and the building was found to be fire compliant.
the mumbai fire brigade said the fire destroyed office cabins, office records, furniture, server room, windows, doors, batteries, steel racks, electric wiring, electric switch gears, aluminium partitions, false ceiling, steel furniture such as chairs, tables computers on the second, third, fifth, seventh and eighth floors.
the fire damaged mtnls equipment, affecting 25,000 landline and broadband services in bandra and khar, on monday and tuesday.
a spokesperson from mtnl said, it will take up to seven to eight days for mtnl services to be restored.
the bjp on tuesday hit back at congress president rahul gandhi for his speech in bahrain that was critical of the indian government , terming it irresponsible and saying that it was the congress that spread hatred in the country for the longest period.
addressing non resident indians at a meeting of global organisation of people of indian origin (gopio) at manama in bahrain on monday, gandhi blamed the bjp-led national democratic alliance government for dividing people on the basis of caste and religion and alleged that it was converting the anger of jobless youth into hatred between communities.
gandhi said the conversation in india was not about jobs, healthcare, or education; but what you are allowed to eat, who is allowed to protest, and what we can say or rather what we cannot say.
taking exception to gandhis criticism of india on foreign soil, union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said in a briefing at the bjp headquarters in the capital that it was expected of the congress chief that he would not harp on political differences and spread hatred in a foreign country as he did in india.
the bjp strongly condemns rahul gandhis irresponsible utterances.
.
.
.
he is spreading hatred among people, prasad added.
he referred to the triple talaq bill, whose passage the congress had stalled in the rajya sabha and accused the congress of failing to take a stand on an issue of womans respect and justice.
the congress didnt facilitate the passage of the bill, which criminalises the practice of instant divorce among muslims.
it maintains that it supports the bill but wants specific provisions discussed by a committee of parliamentarians.
in his speech, gandhi claimed job creation in india was at an eight-year low.
the congress leader added that new investments are the lowest they have been in 13 years, bank credit growth has sunk to a 63 year low and arbitrary decisions such as last years demonetisation had dealt a crippling blow to indias overall growth.
.
.
instead of focusing the attention of our people on what is critical, the removal of poverty, job creation and the building of a world class education system, we see instead a rise in the forces of hatred and division, he said.
newly-elected us president donald trumps buy american-hire american rallying cry has put the usd 150- billion indian it industry on edge, which is in waiting to see how the new administration evolves policies around outsourcing and movement of skilled workers.
india hopes to have a meaningful engagement with the us, electronics and information technology minister ravishankarprasad prasad said.
given that us market accounts for 60  of indias it exports, the industry and the government here will spare no efforts in their outreach programme over the next few weeks to showcase the role of indian technology sector in making the us economy more competitive and highlight its contribution in terms of billions of dollars paid in taxes and creation of local jobs.
read | india cautiously optimistic after trump takes over as us presidentindian it companies are in 200 cities across 80 countries.
they have added big value to the us, and given jobs to lakhs of people including american people there.
i am given to understand that they have paid billions of dollars in tax.
.
.
so they have added value to america in terms of money, by way of tax and also employment, prasad told pti in an interview just hours before trump was sworn in as the 45th us president.
stating that india wishes to have a meaningful engagement with the trump government, prasad said: we will await unfolding of his views about indian it companies outreach.
we have already conveyed our views to them and we will continue (to do so).
trumps america first pledge, which formed the essence of his inaugural speech last friday, has reinforced worries of protectionist posturing and unnerved the indian it industry which, as it is, has been battling headwinds of a slowing growth.
read | americans, you will never be ignored again: full transcript of trumps speechtrump has vowed to rebuild the country using american hands and his inaugural was punctuated with lines like buy american and hire american.
we must protect our borders from the ravages of other countries making our products, stealing our companies, and destroying our jobs.
protection will lead to great prosperity and strength, trump said.
delhiupdated: aug 19, 2019 08:38 istmore than 200 former mps have still not vacated their official bungalows in lutyens delhi, over two months after the dissolution of the 16th lok sabha, sources said.
according to the rules, former mps have to vacate their respective bungalows within one month of dissolution of the previous lok sabha.
president ram nath kovind had on may 25 dissolved the 16th lok sabha with immediate effect on the recommendation of the union cabinet after the modi government was formed for a second term.
more than 200 former lok sabha mps have still not vacated their official bungalows, which had been allotted to them in 2014, a source told pti.
the sources said as these former mps have not vacated their bungalows located in lutyens delhi, newly-elected mps, who won in the lok sabha election, have been staying at temporary accommodation.
newly-elected mps have been provided temporary accommodation at western court and several guest houses till the time they are allotted a full-time residence in lutyens delhi, the source also said.
this has been done to reduce the cost of accommodation for mps.
earlier, newly-elected mps used to stay in five-star hotels till they were allotted a full-time official bungalow.
the 17th lok sabha has more than 260 mps who have been elected for the first time to the lower house, including cricketer-turned-politician gautam gambhir, union ministers ravishankarprasad prasad and smriti irani, sufi singer hans raj hans and bengali actresses mimi chakraborty and nusrat jahan ruhi.
(this story has been published from a wire agency feed without modifications to the text.
only the headline has been changed.
law and information technology (it) minister ravishankarprasad prasad, on monday, told the unique identification authority of india (uidai) to seek the cooperation of the tribune newspaper and its journalist rachna khaira in investigating the security breach in aadhaar data that they had reported on january 3.
the publication had reported last week that its journalist was able to track down people offering access to the aadhar data for 500.
on january 7, the uidai reportedly filed a case against the journalist and three others named in her report, leading to widespread criticism.
after his call to uidai ceo ajay bhushan pandey, the minister tweeted: govt is fully committed to freedom of press as well as to maintaining security & sanctity of #aadhaar for indias development.
fir is against unknown.
ive suggested @uidai to request tribune & its journalist to give all assistance to police in investigating real offenders.
an official in prasads office said, he spoke with dr pandey.
the idea is that the freedom of the press should not be compromised and access to information should not be scuttled.
the uidai responded to the tweet by saying its officials will write to the newspaper and its reporter seeking assistance.
the intervention comes when the government is working on a cyber security ecosystem and a data protection law.
indiaupdated: aug 07, 2019 02:55 istthe body of former union minister sushma swaraj will be kept for three hours at the bjp headquarters on wednesday for party workers and leaders to pay tributes, bjp working president j p nadda said.
her last rites will be performed at the lodhi crematorium, he said.
swaraj died late tuesday night at aiims after suffering a cardiac attack, doctors said.
she was 67.
a host of union ministers and other senior party leaders visited aiims and met the bereaved family of the former external affairs minister.
a pall of gloom descended at the hospital as the news of her death left everyone in shock.
defence minister rajnath singh, finance minister nirmala sitharaman, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad, health minister harsh vardhan, environment minster prakash javadekar, hrd minister ramesh pokhriyal and union minister smriti irani were among the top leaders who visited the hospital.
her loss is irreparable and the void left by her can never be filled.
its a huge loss to the party and the nation, nadda said.
the body was later taken to her residence here, sources said.
nadda told reporters the body will be kept at the party headquarters from 12-3 pm for people to pay respects on wednesday after which it will be taken to lodhi crematorium for the last rites.
prasad said it was a personal loss for him.
we used to address her as didi and the respect she commanded was phenomenal.
she was fine in the morning and then suddenly we got this news.
it is a painful loss for me and for the nation, he told reporters.
senior bjp leader shahnawaz hussain also grieved the loss, saying swaraj had guided him in his career and she was a leader liked by everyone, from the ruling to the opposition parties.
her contribution in the external affairs ministry is substantial as she left a mark in the field, he said.
samajwadi party member of parliament azam khans remarks towards deputy speaker rama devi on thursday resulted in the newly elected lok sabhas me too moment, with the house on friday passing a unanimous resolution authorising the speaker to act against khan.
in a meeting of floor leaders of all parties chaired by lok sabha speaker om birla, it was decided that the speaker will ask khan to apologise on the floor of the house for his remarks against devi, parliamentary affairs minister prahlad joshi said on friday.
as with the global movement that gathered momentum in 2017 and 18, in which women shared personal testimonies of workplace harassment revealing the entrenched nature of gender inequality, the lok sabha on friday witnessed a heated debate over khans remarks that were found to indignify devi.
parliamentarians across parties, including finance minister nirmala sitharaman, baramati mp supriya sule of the nationalist congress party, mimi chakraborty of the trinamool congress party, bhartruhari mahtab of the biju janata dal, adhir ranjan chowdhury of the congress party, asaduddin owaisi of the all india majlis-e-ittehadul muslimeen, and the dravida munnetra kazhagams kanimozhi, raised the issue during fridays zero hour.
wherever a woman comes from, whatever position she may occupy.
.
.
she continues to be insulted and made to feel small, kanimozhi said, adding that the government should adopt the womens reservation bill  pending since 2008, it seeks 33  reservation for women  to empower more women to enter parliament.
this very house has passed the [prevention of] sexual harassment at the workplace bill.
we cannot sit quietly and remain mute spectators [to what happened] we need to send a message that no matter which party a woman mp belongs to, the privilege of this house will not be misused to insult a woman, women and child development and textiles minister smriti irani said.
while parliament has a prevention of sexual harassment committee, it can only look into complaints against staff and not mps.
this is not a decision to be made in the spur of the moment.
taking into account the rules and regulations, you must show that this house can act judiciously, mahtab said, calling for exemplary action.
on thursday, during the debate on the muslim women (protection of rights on marriage) 2019 bill, khan made comments that other mps, including parliamentary affairs minister of state arjun ram meghwal and law minister ravishankarprasad prasad, took umbrage to.
devi, who was occupying the chair of the speaker, ordered his comments to be expunged, and also asked khan to apologise.
khan, however, said that he had meant no disrespect, and was ready to immediately resign if his remarks were found to be objectionable.
as the remarks have been expunged, they cannot be published in this newspaper.
you are my sister.
i have had a long political career, it is not possible for me to say anything bad.
if there is a single unparliamentary word in what i said, then i declare my resignation from parliament, khan said on thursday.
sp president akhilesh yadav defended khan, stating that he had not intended any disrespect.
both khan and yadav were not present in the house on friday.
sp spokesperson told ht, our national president is in delhi and he has already spoken on the issue.
we are not in a position to say anything on it as the matter is pending before the lok sabha speaker.
on friday, the bihar state commission for women issued notice to the sp lawmaker, demanding an apology for his comments and asked him to explain his actions.
devi, who is a bharatiya janata party member of parliament from sheohar in bihar, has demanded that khan be suspended for the entire term of the lok sabha, the press trust of india reported.
this debate comes days after the reconstitution of the group of ministers (gom) entrusted to look into strengthening the legal framework to prevent sexual harassment at the workplace.
in october 2018, the government constituted a gom to examine the legal and institutional frameworks to deal with sexual harassment at workplace, in the wake of sexual harassment allegations against the then minister of state for external affairs mj akbar.
the newly constituted gom, headed by home minister amit shah, comprises sitharaman, irani and human resources minister ramesh pokhriyal nishank.
owaisi, who spoke during the zero hour, raised the issue of mj akbar  who has filed a criminal defamation case against one of his accusers, journalist priya ramani  and enquired about the report of the previous gom.
speaking to the ht, former secretary general of the lok sabha, pdt achary, clarified that article 105 protects the freedom of speech of parliamentarians in the house, and members are subject to the rules of procedure and conduct of business in the lok sabha.
normally when objectionable observation is made by a member, then that is expunged from the record.
sometimes when the remark is highly objectionable, and the house feels that a mere expungement is not enough, and the member should apologize to the house, then the speaker can ask him to withdraw (the remarks) and apologize.
suppose the member doesnt apologise, the speaker could ask him to go out of the house and not attend that days proceedings, achary explained the procedure.
these regulations, however, pre-date the sexual harassment law by several decades.
the rajya sabha on monday passed the aadhaar and other laws (amendment) bill, 2019, which allows for voluntary use of aadhaar as proof of identity for consumers to open bank accounts and get mobile phone connections.
the bill was passed by the lok sabha on july 4.
the bill also provide for a rs 1 crore penalty and jail term for private entities violating provisions on aadhaar data.
the amendments to the aadhaar act essentially re-allow private firms to use the biometric platforms for purposes of identity verification or know-your-customer requirements.
the supreme court, in its 2018 verdict, upheld the constitutional validity of aadhaar with conditions.
it struck down a part of section 57 of the aadhaar act that allowed private firms to use aadhaar by way of a contract.
the aadhaar and other laws (amendment) bill, 2019, was introduced in lok sabha on june 24.
the amendments allow the use of aadhaar number for kyc authentication on voluntary basis under the telegraph act, 1885, and the prevention of money laundering act, 2002.
the aadhaar and other laws (amendment) bill, 2019 replaces an ordinance issued in march 2019.
on monday, information technology minister ravishankarprasad prasad moved the bill for consideration and passage in the upper house.
the use of aadhaar is voluntary and informed consent of the biometric identity holder has to be obtained before it is used, he told the house.
india has a population of 1.
3 billion crore out of which 1.
23 billion indians have aadhaar.
there are 693.
8 million e mobile numbers linked with aadhaar and 659.
1 million bank accounts linked with aadhaar.
we have sent rs 7.
48 lakh crore of direct transfers in more than 240 schemes to people around the country and we have saved rs 1.
41 lakh crore, prasad told the house.
the bjp on thursday said huge voter turnouts in the two phases of the uttar pradesh assembly election meant that the people of the state have rejected the ruling samajwadi party.
the turnout shows that people have rejected the sp.
the bjp will form the next government and provide an atmosphere of peace, development and prosperity in the state, senior bjp leader and union minister ravishankarprasad prasad said.
the first and the second phases of the seven-phase assembly election were held on february 11 and february 15.
the turnout was 64  in the first phase and 65  in the second phase.
he said the sp-congress tie-up for the crucial polls was an alliance of crime and anarchy of sp and corruption of congress.
a businessman is killed in meerut and another businessman sharvan sahu is killed in lucknow.
in sultanpur, an sp mla is named as accused in a rape and murder case, he said, alleging that chief minister akhilesh yadav was protecting that accused legislator.
this is the condition of anarchy and paralysed law and order situation in the state.
the dial 100 service of up police has failed in the state.
after the model code of conduct for the assembly election came into force, we thought that the law and order situation will improve, but ironically it is the worst now, he said.
the goons of sp and criminals are creating nuisance in the elections, he alleged, adding that the irony was that akhilesh still claims kaam bolta hai (work speaks).
in fact, criminal activities of sp goons are speaking, he added.
taking a jibe at the sp-congress alliance, prasad said, if up likes the alliance of sp-congress (as claimed by the two parties), why did they stop joint rallies of rahul and akhilesh?
i think akhilesh has realised that the rally of rahul will ensure the defeat of their candidates.
the congress doesnt like the company of anyone other than those belonging to the nehru-gandhi family.
on the bsp, prasad said its supremo mayawati has accepted her defeat and is ready to sit in the opposition.
he was referring to the remarks of mayawati that her party would sit in the opposition rather than joining hands with bjp to form the government.
on the issue of triple talaq, prasad said this was an issue of women equality, women self-respect and women honour.
more than 20 countries of the world have amended this system of triple talaq.
muslim women are fighting for their rights.
the government will ensure justice to the muslim women of india, he said.
the government cleared on wednesday the appointment of senior advocate indu malhotra as a supreme court judge but kept on hold the top court collegiums recommendation on elevating uttarakhand high court chief justice km joseph, according to two people familiar with the matter.
the collegium  a body of the five top judges headed by the chief justice of india (cji) that appoints judges  had on january 10 cleared the names of justice joseph and lawyer malhotra.
while the government took up malhotras case, it will spend more time to consider justice josephs file, one of the people quoted above said on condition of anonymity.
malhotra  a renowned arbitration expert  was, in 2007, only the second woman to be appointed a senior advocate by the court, three decades after leila seth made history.
she is the first woman to be nominated to the supreme court directly from the bar.
though segregation of recommendations (separate processing of names that have been sent by the collegium together) is rare in the supreme court, a government official defended the move, saying it was done routinely in the past in the case of high court judges appointments.
the norm of appointing candidates, whose names have been cleared together, at the same time ensures that their seniority is not compromised, explained a former sc judge who did not want to be named.
judges who are appointed to the supreme court first are considered senior to those who are appointed later.
while justice joseph has been the chief justice of the uttarakhand high court since july 2014, malhotra was part of a committee headed by former sc judge justice bn srikrishna to advise on a revamp of indias institutional arbitration apparatus.
justice joseph is the senior-most chief justice of a high court but in the all-india list of seniority, he figured at number 42 as on april 1, said one of the officials quoted above.
he added that the government may raise his seniority for taking longer to consider his name.
the last time the government had to segregate two recommendations made together, it led to a controversy.
the then chief justice of india rm lodha had written a strongly worded letter to the law minister against it on june 30, 2014.
the current law minister ravishankarprasad prasad was in office then too.
justice lodha had at that time said the move was made without his knowledge and consent and unilaterally.
the same problem arose at the time (senior advocate) gopal subramanian was recommended.
the government segregated his name from the other threei had written to the law minister saying it should not be done without consulting the cji.
i emphasised that to the law minister.
my view is it should not be done and that stands, lodha said on tuesday, before the name had been cleared.
subramanians name was sent back to the collegium for reconsideration, after which the lawyer withdrew his consent for elevation.
the delay in processing the january 10 recommendations was raised by justice kurien joseph in a letter to the cji on april 9.
the sc had only sent the recommendations to the law ministry on january 22, after which the process of considering the names started, an official confirmed.
opposition leaders are competing with each other to abuse narendra modi because they have figured that they will lose the national elections, prime minister modi said at an election rally hours after a fresh controversy erupted over an article written by congress leader mani shankar aiyar.
pm modi said the writing on the wall, after six rounds of voting, was clear and this is why, opposition leaders are angry.
this is why the competition to abuse modi has picked up pace.
they cant win so they are venting their frustration by abusing (me), the prime minister said at an election rally in bihars buxar before moving on to attack the alliance of opposition parties.
at this rally, the prime minister said bihar deputy chief minister sushil modi had already mentioned some of the instances of name calling by the opposition.
pm modis comments have come after an article written by mani shankar aiyar, the congress leader who was suspended by the party in the run up to the gujarat assembly elections in 2017 for describing the prime minister as a neech aadmi.
the suspension was revoked less than a year later.
in an opinion piece that was first published by the jammu and kashmir-based rising kashmir newspaper, mani shankar aiyar said the pm modi-led bjp will be defeated in the ongoing lok sabha elections.
that would be a fitting end to the most foul-mouthed prime minister this country has seen or is likely to see.
remember how i described him on 7 december 2017?
was i not prophetic?
he said.
aiyars comment was seen as a reference to his description of pm modi as a neech aadmi ahead of the gujarat elections.
bjp leaders rushed to slam aiyar.
bjps gvl narasimha rao tweeted, abuser-in-chief aiyar returns to justify 2017 neech jibe, underlining that it had put the double speak and arrogance of the congress on display again.
union law minister ravishankarprasad prasads said aiyars remarks would end up drowning the congress further.
in a tweet, the bjps sambit patra mocked congress president rahul gandhi, stressing that aiyar, who he described as the jewel of the gandhi family, had contributed to the politics of love of rahul gandhi by calling neech comment on the pm prophetic.
union minister dharmendra pradhan called aiyars neech aadmi (low man) remark uncultured.
talking to ani, pradhan said: aiyar is very arrogant and has always been a blind supporter of gandhi family.
it was an uncultured remark.
an ani report quoted aiyar as saying that there was no need for a clarification.
there is a whole article, picking out one line from it and saying now talk on this.
i am not ready to be involved in your games, main ullu hoon, lekin itna bada ullu nahi hoon (i could be stupid but not so stupid).
anything i say is misused because there are people who hate me.
they hate me because i speak the truth but i will keep doing so, he added.
speaking at a press conference congress spokesperson randeep surjewala condemned aiyars remarks.
we completely reject and condemn the remarks of the likes of mani shankar aiyar and every other person who is violating the time-tested principle of self discipline in political discourse, of mutual respect and adherence to ideas and ideology, and not to verbally abuse while fighting an election, to give due regard even to your worst political enemy as was shown by rahul gandhi on the floor of parliament, he said.
women members in lok sabha on friday spoke in one voice condemning the sexiest remarks by sp member azam khan against bihar mp rama devi and demanded that he apologise or else he should be suspended from the house.
during the zero hour, union textiles minister smriti irani said the remarks of khan in lok sabha on thursday during the debate of triple talaq bill were a blot on all legislators, including men.
follow live updates here.
this is a blot on all legislators including men.
we cannot remain silent spectators to it.
we have to speak in one voice that this is unacceptable, irani said.
demanding the lok sabha speaker to take exemplary action against khan, finance minister nirmala sitharaman said, the remark (azam khans) is utterly condemnable.
i thank every member who supported a woman.
(but) to politicise an issue related to women is outrageous, we have to stand together.
let us stand together and speak in one voice which is what i thought was happening here.
but why the hesitation, why the dilemma?
there should not be any conditions attached, no riders.
we are looking towards you to an exemplary action from you (ls speaker), so that never ever would a woman be treated in such a way, she said.
supporting irani, union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said either khan should tender an apology or he should be suspended from the house.
cutting across party lines, several mps condemned azam khans remarks and demanded strict action against him.
india on monday discussed several issues, including the proposed restrictions on h1b visa programme and intellectual property rights (iprs), with visiting us lawmakers.
these issues were deliberated upon during a 45-minute long meeting between commerce and industry minister nirmala sitharaman and the eight-member us delegation here.
while india raised its concerns regarding h-1b visa restrictions, which will have adverse bearing on the indian it industry, the us side flagged the ipr and copyright related matters, sources said.
besides, both sides also discussed market access of certain agricultural products.
the us delegation was led by bob goodlatte, chairman, judiciary committee, house of representatives.
he is also scheduled to meet it minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
the proposed overhaul of popular h-1b visa regime by us president donald trump has raised concerns among indian it firms, as any changes in the visa regime may result in higher operational costs and shortage of skilled workers for the$ 110-billion indian outsourcing industry.
indian it sector, which contributes 9.
3 per cent to the countrys gdp, is one of the largest private sector employers of 3.
7 million people.
the us accounts for nearly 62 per cent of the exports, while eu is the second largest market for the indian it services exporters with around 28 per cent contribution.
recently, a us legislation (lofgren bill) has been introduced that proposes doubling of the minimum wages of h-1b visa holders to $ 130,000.
the current h-1b minimum wage of $ 60,000 was fixed in 1989 and has since remained unchanged.
such protectionist stance by the us could also spell more trouble for it firms that are already facing strong headwinds from currency fluctuation and cautious client spending.
the congress-samajwadi party alliances apparent arithmetical advantage is giving jitters to the bjp in varanasi, prime minister narendra modis parliamentary constituency that has virtually turned into the countrys second capital for union ministers.
go to any nukkad sabha, or street-corner meeting, in this ancient temple town by the ganga, you are very likely to spot a union minister exhorting people to vote for modi on march 8 when varanasi goes to the polls in the final round of the uttar pradesh elections.
modijis prestige is at stake.
the bjp might get a majority in the entire state but if it doesnt win in his constituency, it will be treated as modis loss because up is voting for modi, not for the bjp, said dr kaushal kishore mishra, the head of political science at banaras hindu university.
bjp chief amit shah camped at amethi house to draw the war strategy, while union ministers were sweating it out in and around the city last week  jp nadda, ravishankarprasad prasad, manoj sinha, smriti irani, narendra singh tomar, kalraj mishra, ananth kumar and mahendra nath pandey.
power minister piyush goyal flew from new delhi to mumbai early in the morning last tuesday to cast his vote in the civic polls there and took a detour to varanasi for a late-night meeting with shah, before returning to the capital for a cabinet meeting the next day.
the throng of ministers underscores the bjps desperation to do well and prove a point in the five assembly segments, and three more in varanasi district, within modis lok sabha constituency.
the opposition is formidable and combined with a nonchalant party cadre and loyal voters upset with the leaderships choice of candidates, the bjp has almost hit the panic button.
of the five constituencies in varanasi, the samajwadi party (sp) won two  sevapuri and rohaniya  in the previous polls.
the states ruling party took rohaniya in the 2014 bypolls, held after the resignation of anupriya patel who was elected to the lok sabha.
the bjp holds the other three assembly segments  varanasi north, south and cantonment.
but the combined vote-share of the congress and sp in each of these constituencies in the 2012 elections was more than the bjps.
in 2012, the sp and congress candidates together secured over 58,000 votes in varanasi south, about a thousand more that what seven-term bjp legislator shyamdev roy chaudhury, the winner.
chaudhury, a popular mla known to ride a scooter in a vest when his help is sought in an emergency, was denied a poll ticket this time.
he has been persuaded to campaign for the official party candidate, but the message is not lost to anyone in the constituency.
read more: in final lap of up polls, bjp surges ahead; sp-congress alliance fights backin varanasi cant, the sp and congress candidates together got 25,000 more votes than the bjp candidate in 2012.
bjps jyotsana srivastava secured about 58,000 votes to become the mla.
the bjp nominated her son for the 2017 elections, triggering a howl of protest from party leaders waiting their turn.
mishra, the political science teacher actively associated with the party, explained the palpable panic in the bjp camp: ground-level workers are still not getting out and people are also silent.
but he was confident that modis rally and road show on march 3 will change the political scenario.
the bjp was planning the road show from lanka to town hall  a 7km stretch  but it has changed the route now.
read more: donkey, kasab, kabootar jibes mark the end of phase 5 campaigningsubject to clearance by the special protection group (spg) that protects the prime minister, the rescheduled show will be from madan mohan malviyas statue outside the bhu campus and end at kashi vishwanath temple a couple of km away.
think of the loud message this short distance from malviyas statue to the temple will send.
if rahul (gandhi) and akhilesh (yadav) do a road show, its for elections.
when modiji does it, its a visit to the temple, a senior bjp functionary said.
malviya, a member of the hindu mahasabha, one of the founts of the bjp, left the congress in 1934 in protest against a provision for separate electorates for the minorities.
he was a former president of the congress.
the symbolism in the road show is designed to appeal to hindu sentiments, which is expected to dissolve whatever grouse people might have against the bjp in this seat of spirituality.
rashtriya janata dal chief lalu prasad accused the bjp-led government of a political witch-hunt after taxmen raided 22 locations in new delhi and nearby areas on tuesday over property deals worth rs 1,000 crore allegedly linked to him and his family.
the bjp last week accused prasad, his parliamentarian-daughter misa bharti and his two sons, both bihar government ministers, of benami deals and asked the union government to probe one such transaction in the national capital.
in a benami transaction the real beneficiary uses a front, or another person, in whose name the property is purchased and registered.
the practice is allegedly quite common among people with illegal cash trying to dodge the taxman.
a team of about 100 income tax officials and policemen conducted the raids at homes and offices of several prominent businessmen and real estate agents in delhi, gurgaon and rewari since morning.
properties of rjd parliamentarian pc guptas son were searched too.
people and businessmen connected to the land deal involving lalu prasad and his family are being searched.
there are allegations of benami deals worth about rs 1,000 crore and subsequent tax evasion, a senior tax official said.
former bihar chief minister prasad reacted sharply to the raids, saying he wont be cowed down by the bjps political vendetta.
bjp ko naiye alliance partners mubarak ho.
lalu prasad jhukney aur darney wala nahin.
jab tak aakhri saans hain fashiwaadi takhto ke saath lartha rahunga, he tweeted.
(congratulations to bjp on its new alliance partners.
lalu will continue to fight fascist forces till the last breath.
)his remarks on the alliance are viewed as a possibility of severing ties with chief minister nitish kumar of the jd(u), which was earlier a bjp partner.
the rjd and congress are part of the kumar-led grand alliance that defeated the bjp in 2015.
lalus two sons  tez pratap and tejaswi  are ministers in the government.
the rjd clarified later that prasad was referring to the income tax department and cbi as the bjps new partners.
finance minister arun jaitley defended the raids, saying the department and the cbi dont act unless there is a substantial basis and a reason to suspect that there is a tax evasion or a crime has been committed.
jaitleys colleague in the ministry, ravishankarprasad prasad, alleged the benami transactions were a case of quid pro quo as they date back to the period when the rjd chief was railway minister.
several suspect land deals took place in bihar, he said, and the rjd leaders official residence was the address of owners of firms allegedly floated by his family members.
the politics of lalu prasad has become politics of loot.
land worth crores of rupees was grabbed for a pittance, he said.
one such land deal involving prasad and his family is in bijwasan in delhi, the bjp minister alleged.
bihars biggest shopping mall spread over 7.
5 lakh square feet is coming up in patna as part of such dubious transactions, he said.
prasad is facing a barrage of corruption charges of late.
last week, the supreme court revived criminal conspiracy charges against him in one of the five pending cases in the fodder scam, one of the biggest scams in bihar.
the court ruling is seen as a setback for the regional leader who was disqualified from parliament and banned from contesting elections after he was convicted of corruption in 2013 in the fodder scam.
two key reforms bills are likely to come up for an intense debate in the rajya sabha on tuesday.
the centre will seek to pass legislations on the insolvency and bankruptcy code as well as criminalisation of the instant triple talaq practice in the upper house, where it needs the support of some opposition parties for the purpose.
it will be seen if the congress-led opposition hardens its stand and sends the bill on instant triple talaq to a standing committee for review, thereby delaying the process of passing it.
opposition parties such as the congress, dmk, left and the trinamool congress will go into a huddle on tuesday to decide its stand on the proposed law.
several opposition parties had insisted on wider consultations to address alleged loopholes in the bill, although it received the lok sabhas nod on thursday.
we will take a collective decision after talking to other political parties, said a senior leader of the congress party.
sources claimed that opposition parties may avoid taking an individual stance vis--vis the triple talaq bill as it might send the wrong message at a time when the government has pitched it as a major step towards ensuring womens rights and empowerment.
the proposed law, which stipulates up to three years of jail and a penalty for violators, was passed amidst concern from opposition members that it was criminalising what was essentially a civil procedure, and that it could be misused.
some muslim womens groups also raised concerns about maintenance if the husband was sent to jail.
union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad had told the lower house that the muslim women (protection of rights on marriage) bill seeks to ensure the larger constitutional goals of gender justice and gender equality of married muslim women, and help sub-serve their fundamental rights of non-discrimination and empowerment.
your iphone and ipad might not get the made in india tag, just yet.
top sources in the government say that it is unlikely to further sweeten the deal for apple to start manufacturing in india with its contract manufacturer foxconn.
india is still keen for the us tech giant to produce its signature smartphones here and information technology minister ravishankarprasad prasad said on wednesday that india would keep an open mind in negotiations.
we will very much like apple to come and have a base in india, he said.
but apple inc has a long list of incentives and tax sops that it wants before it starts manufacturing in india.
three departments within the indian government are looking into apple incs list of demands.
they are: department of industrial production and promotion, department of revenue and department of information and technology.
this panel will take a final decision on apples demands on january 25.
apple has been looking for several duty and tax incentives for manufacturing handsets in india, but the government is unlikely to make any exception for one company, said a top official in one of the departments mentioned above.
speaking to ht on condition of anonymity, the official said that any exception for the iphone manufacturer will defeat the purpose of an integrated policy such as make-in-india.
apple wants more incentives from the government under the make in india.
local manufacturing will help apple open retail stores in the country.
taiwans hon hai precision industry co ltd (foxconn), which makes apple devices, has a manufacturing facility in southern india.
apple wants higher exemptions since there are not many high-end phone-component makers in india to buy from, said another government official, who did not wish to be named.
the company will have to manufacture the components in india, and it has to meet international standards.
apple ceo tim cook has said that the company was looking at india as the next big market.
apple was not in india for a year or two, instead 100s of years, cook said during his visit to india earlier in the year.
hts mail to apple has so far not received any response.
the government already offers several initiatives, including differential duty structure, modified special incentive package scheme (msips) and zero-duty on import of all components except adapters, batteries and headsets, for global and local manufacturers, under make in india.
aimed at promoting electronic manufacturing, msips provides capital subsidy of 20  in special economic zones (sezs) and 25  in non-sezs, in the form of reimbursement of excise for capital equipment.
for high-capital investment projects, it also provides for reimbursement of central taxes and duties.
also, if a handset-manufacturer assembles phones locally, then it just pays a 1  duty, instead of the 12.
5  on a phone that is imported.
however, apple seems dissatisfied with just these benefits.
a person in the know of things said that india is now being compared to manufacturing destinations like vietnam and china.
apple might want msips to continue, freight subsidy as the country has logistical issues, continuation of differential duty on mobile handsets and components manufacturing even when the gst regime comes in and income tax holiday in the country just as china or vietnam offers, an industry expert told ht.
earlier, the tim cook-led company had sought relaxation of local sourcing norms under the shield of state-of-the-art and cutting edge technology providers.
a foreign brand looking to open single-brand retail stores in india is mandated to source 30  from indian manufacturers for a minimum period of three years.
with prime minister narendra modis intervention, apple is likely to see a relaxation on this, from three to five years.
apple wants higher exemptions since there are not many high-end phone-component makers in india to buy from, said a government official, who did not wish to be named.
the company will have to manufacture the components in india, and it has to meet international standards.
competitors such as south koreas samsung electronics and chinas xiaomi have already set up manufacturing in the country.
in may 2016, modi and cook agreed to work towards a package of four projects: assembling iphones, opening apple stores, importing certified pre-owned iphones and refurbishing them in india, according to the letter.
apple said its initial focus was to set up manufacturing of iphones in india over two phases, the first of which was to be introduced by spring this year.
the bharatiya janata party has won stunning election victories in uttar pradesh and uttarakhand, a personal triumph for prime minister narendra modi that could now ensure his partys near-domination of politics in india.
the bjp registered the biggest-ever victory by any political party in uttar pradesh since indira gandhi led the congress to 309 seats in 1980 before the state was divided.
the results routed the samajwadi party-congress alliance, as well as the bahujan samaj party, once a dominant power in a state where the bjp last ruled in 2002.
the bjp wrested uttarakhand from the congress.
the two were neck-and-neck in manipur and goa, where smaller parties will now hold the balance of power.
catch live updates from the day after the assembly election results were announced:9.
55pm: venkaiah naidu and bhupendra yadav are observers for uttar pradesh, narendra tomar and saroj pandey observers for uttarakhand.
piyush goyal and vinay sahasrabuddhe are observers for manipur, says union minister jp nadda, during a press conference in delhi, following the bjps parliamentary board meet.
amit shah has been authorised by the parliamentary board to make the final decision (of who will become cms) after observers submit their respective reports.
9.
45pm: sources say the lone all india trinamool congress legislator t robindro singh has also extended support to the bjp coalition in manipur.
read | bjp gets the numbers, stakes claim to form govt in manipurdespite coming second with just 21 seatsbjp managed to get support of 4 mlas each from npf and npp and also from the lone lok janshakti party legislator karam shyam.
9.
12pm: union transport minister nitin gadkari confirms manohar parrikar as the bjps chief minister candidate in goa.
he also said the bjp has staked claim to form the government with the support of mgp, gfp and othersshri @manoharparrikar will be the chief minister candidate for the @bjp4india led government in the state of goa  nitin gadkari (@nitin_gadkari) march 12, 20179.
00pm: meanwhile, in manipur, bjp mlas and its supporting mlas meet governor najma heptulla8.
35pm: definitely, it was difficult as it was a new department but i am happy that no corruption allegations were levelled against our government, says parrikar on heading the defence ministry.
when asked about what he regards as achievements, he lists, boosting morale, better procurement.
read | bjp secures support of regional parties, all set to return to power in goa8.
25pm: congress mla shyamkumar singh from andro assembly constituency, manipur defects from congress; joins bjp, reports ani.
8.
20pm: parrikar begins speaking, thanks gadkari for coming to goa in such short notice.
he also thanks bjp leaders for showing trust in him.
this is a mandate given by the people, though we fell short of majority.
together we have reached the magic figure of 21.
we met the governor, expecting an invitation.
once we receive it,we will consult our colleagues and decide the date for swearing in, says parrikar.
vijai sardesai of the goa forward party says: we will be watchdogs.
our party colleagues have reservations about this tie-up.
but in political life there are some hard choices.
we will not betray the cause of the party.
eventually everyone will be happy and everyone will go forward.
8.
10pm: union minister nitin gadkari begins press conference in goa on formation of government.
ive been told by other parties that they will extend support to bjp only if parrikar becomes the chief minister of the state.
parrikar has no resigned as the defence minister yet.
the bjp parliamentary board has agreed to allow parrikar to resign but there is a procedure that needs to be followed first.
if goa needs it, parrikar says hes ready to resign as defence minister.
we are in talks with independent mlas and other parties and respect their wishes for a stable government.
defence minister manohar parrikar, union minister nitin gadkari with bjp, mgp, goa forward party leaders and 3 independent mlas at the goa governors house, to stake claim to form government in the state.
(ani)8.
00pm: similar series of events unfold in manipur as the bjp, with other allies, seek an appointment with the state governor to stake claim to form the government.
the national peoples party has now extended support to the bjp, enabling it to reach the 31-seat-mark in the 60-member assembly.
the bjp won 21 seats in the assembly elections in manipur.
it has already been promised support by the naga peoples front which has four seats, the lok janshakti party (one) and one independent.
the npp won four seats in the recent assembly elections.
7.
50pm: manohar parrikar tells ani that he has not resigned from his post as defence minister.
7.
30pm: meanwhile, sudin dhavalikar of the maharashtrawadi gomantak party extends support to the bjp, with the three seats that his party won.
he dismisses allegations of horse-trading.
a self-described chanakya of goa politics, dhavalikar has been part of every state government, be it led by the bjp or the congress, since 1998.
sudin dhavalikar of mgp gives support of three seats to bjp.
half battle won for the party in goa @httweets pic.
twitter.com/n0x4hvzqnx  nida khan (@begamtalks) march 12, 2017vijai sardesai of the goa forward party has also pledged support to bjp, saying his party has a nationalistic agenda and that this is the options that would bring stability and development in the state.
his party holds three seats.
the bjp state high command in goa has left for the governors house with the support of both the goa forward and the mgp.
7.
20pm: ours is a government for everyone, says modi.
he thanks amit shah and those who campaigned in the five states and concludes his address with chants of bharat mata ki jai and vande mantaram.
7.
15pm: we aim to take 125 crore indians together in our efforts towards building a new india, says modi.
want to assure the people in the 5 states that we leave no stones unturned to fulfill your aspirations.
in 2022, we mark 75 years of independence, which will be a landmark moment for the nation.
i had said that we are new, have less experience and can make mistakes, but wont do anything with wrong intentions.
i am happy that people ask me: why do you work so much?
7.
10pm: through the membership drive, the bjp has been able to become the largest political party in the world.
we have never got anything for free or easily.
and we do not have any regrets.
we are ones who have always been working for people, says modi.
i am not someone who looks at things only from an election perspective.
i look at the well-being of the people.
7.
00pm: the poor are saying: i want to progress and i seek the opportunity from you.
this is the foundation of a new india, says pm modi to supporters.
with these wins we have the responsibility of being humble.
power is not about posts.
power is an opportunity to serve.
generations of individuals have given their lives to build this party.
they travelled all over india to make the party strong.
these elections are an emotional issue for us.
they come when we mark the centenary celebrations of pandit deen dayal ji.
antyodaya is integral to our work.
we understand the strength of indias poor.
the burden on the middle class should reduce.
this will enable our middle classes to shine.
the strength of the poor and the aspirations of the middle class will take india to new heights, says modi.
pm @narendramodi: will work to fulfill expectations of all.
this is an opportunity to serve the people.
burden on middle class should reduce pic.
twitter.com/gbj4bo216a  doordarshan news (@ddnewslive) march 12, 20176.
45pm: prime minister narendra modi begins speaking by wishing everyone a happy holi.
chorus of modi, modi from his supporters greets him.
there are many reasons for a win but such an empathetic win after such a record turnout is special and makes everyone think.
elections empower people to participate in nation-building, says modi.
it is a positive sign for democracy to see people coming out in large numbers to exercise their franchise.
a new india is emerging, says the pm.
it is a new india which encapsulates the aspirations of women.
a new india that is about opportunities for the poor.
.
.
.
.
the india of the dreams of indias yuva shakti.
6.
35pm: bjp leaders including rajnath singh, amit shah felicitate modi on stage, pm to speak shortly.
amit shah now addressing supporters who have gathered outside the party headquarters.
he wishes everyone a happy holi and calls this years festive season an auspicious time for country and party.
the mandate given by the people this time, is two steps ahead of the 2014 election mandate, says amit shah.
he talks about the unprecedented wins the party managed in both uttar pradesh and uttarakhand.
it is bjps pro-poor policies that helped us win elections.
he talks about demonetisation and how the poor have followed modi and the partys vision for development.
6.
30pm: pm modi offers tribute to deendayal upadhyay at bjp headquarters.
6.
23pm: pm modi walks the last stretch to bjps headquarters at ashoka road in delhi:prime minister narendra modi arrives at bjp hq in delhi amid loud 'modi modi' chants #electionresults pic.
twitter.com/pguiglcp3l  ani (@ani_news) march 12, 2017madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan, rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje and union minister ravishankarprasad prasad reach headquarters to celebrate the bjps win.
5.
45pm: reports now coming in that bjp mla pramod sawant says the party has received letters of support from mgp and two independent mlas in goa and that the party is now confident of forming the government.
meanwhile, in manipur, bjp seeks appointment with state governor najma heptulla.
5.
30pm: with the bjp needing eight seats to reach the magic figure of 21, and the congress four short of a majority, smaller parties and independents now hold the key to government formation in goa.
here is the list of possible kingmakers.
5.
15pm: samajwadi party leader mulayam singh yadav defends his son akhilesh yadav after the partys loss in uttar pradesh elections, saying no one person is responsible for the defeat.
5.
00pm: digvijay singh now accuses bjp of horse-trading to reach the majority mark.
the bjp has been involved in horse-trading, promising sums, ministries, corporations and suvs to the non-bjp mlas to get their support, congress general secretary digvijaya singh alleged.
i have never seen in any other state where a political party which has been rejected outright, where the cm has lost, six ministers have lost, yet they are staking claim to form the government, he told reporters in panaji.
4.
45pm: the naga peoples front has reiterated that they will support any non-congress party to form a new government in manipur.
the naga peoples front bagged four seats yesterday in manipur elections, which threw up a hung assembly with the ruling congress bagging 28 of the 60 seats and the bjp making giant strides to muster 21.
we are an alliance of nda and therefore we will support the north east democratic alliance, which comprises non-congress parties even in manipur, npf spokesperson achumbemo kikon said.
4.
35pm: meeting of congress mlas begins to discuss the head of the legislature in goa; meeting headed by congress leader digvijay singh, reports ani.
4.
00pm: bjp supporters throng outside the partys headquarters at ashoka road in new delhi.
prime minister narendra modis roadshow is expected to begin shortly.
@bjp4india workers at party headquarters.
@narendramodi to join soon.
@httweets pic.
twitter.com/xgq13a0yov  kumar uttam (@meetuttam) march 12, 20173.
50pm: congress amarinder singh says he has met the punjab governor and staked claim to form the government in the state.
march 16 has been fixed as the date of swearing in.
talking to media outside punjab raj bhawan here today, he said that he will go to delhi on march 14 to meet congress vice president rahul gandhi and discuss formation of the new government.
3.
00pm: congress spokesperson randeep surjewala alleges that the bjp is misusing cisf and airport authorities to detain and abduct independent mla asabuddin at imphal airport.
he says the mla was taken to calcutta.
federalism & rule of law being murdered in broad daylight by modi government, tweets surjewala.
2/n modigovt is playing a dangerous game of subverting democracy & abducting mla's by misusing cisf at imphal airport despite electoral loss  randeep s surjewala (@rssurjewala) march 12, 20171.
57pm: manipur: okram ibobi singh elected as leader of congress legislature party.
1.
52pm: parkash singh badal after tendering resignation: whatever they (congress) will do will come in front of you.
akali dal veteran parkash singh badal, along with sukhbir singh badal, during a meeting with punjab governor vp singh badnore to hand over his resignation letter after losing the punjab assembly election.
(pti)1.
36pm: congress spokesperson digvijaya singh: we are in touch with non-bjp mlas, we are confident we have numbers on our side (in goa).
.
.
is this a party of morals?
they have been defeated and doing horse-trading, promising ministries like distributing sweets.
.
.
go ahead if you (bjp) have support of more than 21, we are ready to sit in the opposition but it is a coup against peoples mandate.
1.
12pm: prime minister narendra modi may lead celebration procession from le meridien hotel to bjp headquarters in delhi ahead of parliamentary board meet.
1.
06pm: the partys legislature wing has decided that he (manohar parrikar) should head the legislature wing as cm candidate for bjp: michael lobo, bjp.
12.
47pm: maharashtrawadi gomantak party (mgp) leader sudin dhavalikar tells hindustan times his party is ready to support a bjp-led government in goa.
while the bjp has 14 seats, the mgp has won three seats in this election, meaning that an mgp-bjp alliance would still fall four seats short of a majority.
with the nda in power till 2019, we feel a bjp-led government in goa will be good for the state, dhavalikar said.
12.
31pm: yesterday, the prime minister talked to me.
he said whatever you require for punjab, i will be all willing to help.
12.
25pm: no calculation can make the bjp get the magic figure.
we request them to respect the democratic values of the country, says congress.
12.
22pm: prime minister narendra modi tweets: a new india is emerging, which is being powered by the strength & skills of 125 crore indians.
this india stands for development.
12.
20pm: no vendetta politics, no victimisation.
if name comes in investigation, we will see: amarinder singh on if there will be action on bikram majithia12.
17pm: i have already said two issues require immediate attention - one is health and one is educationif punjab has to progress, it has to be through peace and stabilitywe will reform the policepunjabs security lies in secure and friendly relations with neighbours and that is what we want12.
01pm: we are after the drug chitta (cocaine).
we will wipe it out in the state in for weeks: amarinder singh.
11.
40am: bihar cm nitish kumar congratulates bjp for up and uttarakhand victories, says rival parties ignored the fact that demonetisation gave satisfaction to poor.
i congratulate the congress for its victory in punjab.
i also appreciate that the congress turned out to be the largest party in manipur and goa elections, says kumar.
10.
53am: it was a big win (in constituency jaswantnagar), other things will be reviewed.
victory and defeat are constants in politics, says samajwadi partys shivpal yadav10.
08am: this is a victory of modi jis leadership and pro-poor policies.
the cm candidate for up will be decided by the bjps parliamentary board, says keshav prasad maurya7.
46am: not right, this is the worlds biggest democracy.
she lost because of wrong policies must accept: jaitley on mayawatis evm tampering allegations.
7.
42am: was popular among people and correct from economic point of view, bjp was set to benefit: finance minister arun jaitley on being asked whether demonetisation had an impact on election results7.
36am: it is a sign of change, shows that the country wants to walk with modi ji for development: union minister ravishankarprasad prasad on election results7.
20am: the bjps parliamentary board meeting to be held today.
meet to discuss chief ministers selection in states where the party has got majority to form the government.
pm modi to visit party headquarters.
daughter of army martyr and delhi university student gurmehar kaur announced her decision to withdraw from the campaign against akhil bharatiya vidyarthi parishad (abvp) even as the delhi university braced for protests and counter-protests on tuesday.
kaur had, on monday, complained to the delhi commission for women (dcw) about receiving death threats on social media.
following up on this, delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal meting l-g anil baijal later on tuesday and sought action against abvp.
meanwhile, students and teachers from du and jnu as well as left and aap-affiliated student groups have gathered at the faculty of arts on north campus over last weeks violence at ramjas college.
students were different colleges in du have been joined by jnus popular faces such as kanhaiya kumar and shehla rashid.
support for the students protesting against abvp has poured in from international academics as well as other institutions like the delhi school of economics.
faculty members of lady shri ram college, where kaur is a student, also expressed support for her campaign.
on monday, the delhi university students union (dusu), led by the abvp, had held a tiranga march and sought action against those who had allegedly raised anti-national slogans during the ramjas protests last week.
here are the highlights of the day:5.
40pm: in the meeting of parliamentary standing committee on home affairs, chairman p chidambaram asked delhi police commissioner about steps taken on ramjas issue.
5.
35pm: minister of state for home kiren rijiju says government will ensure security for gurmehar kaur.
5.
30pm: lyricist javed akhtar takes a dig at olympic medallist yogeshwar dutt for mocking gurmehar kaur by posting her image along with adolf hitler, osama bin laden and a black buck.
if a hardly literate player or a wrestler troll a pacifist daughter of a martyr its understandable but whats wrong with some educated folks  javed akhtar (@javedakhtarjadu) february 28, 20175.
05pm: hearing in connection with a plea, against aisa and fsi members for allegedly raising anti-national slogans outside ramjas college on february 21, has been posted for consideration on march 6 by a delhi court.
the plea had been filed by an rti activist.
4.
50pm: abvp plans to take out a protest on march 2 in delhi university.
another protest by du students against the abvp will take place on march 4 from mandi house to parliament.
4.
30pm:political parties come out in support of du students.
cpis d raja, cpms sitaram yechury and jdus kc tyagi address students.
4.
25pm: d raja, who reached the protest site with sitaram yechury, says, this is a collective fight to defend our constitutional rights.
we will be raising the issue of du in parliament.
some of the posters seen at the protest by students in north campus.
4.
18pm: after meeting with the l-g, kejriwal told reporters: bjp stage manages events where anti-national slogans are raised.
the abvp then does goondagardi in campuses.
.
.
no arrest has still been made in the jnu incident.
kejriwal said baijal assured him action in both cases.
4.
10pm: arvind kejriwal meets l-g anil baijal seeks action against abvp volunteers involved in goondagardi in delhi university and those threatening lsr student gurmehar kaur on social media for raising voice against abvps action.
4pm: abvp says they have filed a complaint in the gurmehar kaur case with delhi police.
3.
55pm: abvp holds press conference.
abvp national media saket bahuguna says, it is outsiders who indulged in violence and now blame is put on us.
3.
50pm: cpi general secretary sitaram yechury and leader d raja reach the protest site.
yechury says being indian and not hindu is nationalism for him.
humara nationalism is we are indian not 'who is a hindu'?
: sitaram yechury on #ramjasrow at delhi university pic.
twitter.com/uwhm40yoyf  ani (@ani_news) february 28, 20173.
45pm: we will learn our nationalism from bhagat singh and not from them whose forefathers never hoisted the flag at their headquarters, yogendra yadav says in a reference to the rss, which is abvps parent organisation.
3.
40pm: remembering jai prakash narayan, yogendrayadav says, neither will we tolerate nor will we engage in violence.
says the protest isnt about left and right but about wrong and right.
3.
30pm: addressing protesters, yogendra yadav says the only to stand up to abvp is to be fearless.
3.
17pm: swaraj india founder and political scientist yogendra yadav addresses protesters.
he says the protest is not about right or left but what is wrong.
3.
15pm: meanwhile, gurmehar kaur, who has left delhi, resurfaced on twitter.
reacting to a tweet by social activist kavita krishnan, she said this 30 minutes ago::) thank you so much.
this makes me so happy.
https://t.
co/pxjlov3t8f  gurmehar kaur (@mehartweets) february 28, 20173.
10pm: protesters have decided to march again on march 4 from mandi house to the parliament.
3.
08pm: abvp members stand outside dusu office to protest against #dufightback campaign.
3.
02pm: delhi police video records the protests.
2.
50pm: members of jnu teachers association also join the du fightback protests at north campus.
2.
45pm: jnu students shehla rashid and kanhaiya kumar join the protests at du.
kanhaiya kumar (above) and shehla rashid (below) at the protest site in du.
2.
38pm: du wrapped in a mood of festivity as students march to assert their freedoms and speak up against hooliganism.
2.
30pm: union minister ravishankarprasad prasad says people are politicising the gurmehar kaur issue.
adds that freedom of expression should not be used to talk about dividing the country.
2.
25pm: wrestler babita phogat, of dangal fame, joins a list of celebrities who have spoken against hurmehar kaur.
after virender sehwag, randeep hooda and yogeshwar dutt, she says that gurmehars comments were  against our nation and martyrs.
#gurmeharkaur's view that her father was killed by war & not pak was wrong for me;it's against our nation & martyrs-wrestler babita phogat pic.
twitter.com/v98cwqg9ms  ani (@ani_news) february 28, 20172.
20pm: abvp also lodges a complaint against trolls on social media who allegedly threatened gurmehar kaur.
in a written complaint to the police, saket bahuguna of abvp has said that none of the office bearers of abvp were involved in the threats to kaur and has requested that an fir be lodged in the case.
2.
15pm: gurmehar kaur reportedly leaves delhi in the wake of the backlash to her posts on social media.
2.
10pm: the letter by aap members to police commissioner amulya patnaik reads: even the delhi police, in dereliction of their duty, failed to detain/arrest these abvp goondas and was a silent spectator as this tragic cinema of abuse of female rights and oppression of freedom of speech unfolded.
2.
06pm: in a letter to delhi police commissioner amulya patnaik, aap members allege that there was mass violence against women at the protest march.
2.
03pm: students wave copies of the preamble to the constitution to assert their rights.
1.
50pm: aap members, atishi marlena, alka lamba and sarita singh meet delhi police commissioner amulya patnaik to demand action against those who perpetuated violence against women on wednesday at the protest march.
1.
45pm: protest march reaches sri ram college of commerce (srcc) and moves towards arts faculty.
1.
40pm: chants ring out in the march hailing gurmehar kaur.
gurmehar was supposed to join the march but withdrew after trolls on twitter and other social media sites allegedly threatened her for her stance against abvp.
1.
20pm: miranda house has one of the largest contingents at the protest sites.
many of the protesting students claim that they are not affiliated with any political organisation, and are there to solely protest the alleged violence perpetuated by the abvp.
1.
15pm: students and faculty members condemn the violence on campus.
many participating in the march say that they are there to protect freedom of expression.
others say they are there to exercise their democratic right to protest peacefully.
1.
10pm: thousands of students from various du colleges have gathered at khalsa college for the march.
chants of hum honge kaamyaab resonate on campus.
12.
55pm: watch what this miranda house student, who has come out to join the save du march, has to say:12.
47pm: nsui hold a sit in outside faculty of arts against violent protests at delhi university.
12.
35pm: students participating in the march say they are not a part of any political organisation.
schools students also join the protests.
students of miranda house at the save du march on tuesday.
12.
20pm: students from miranda house college come out in large numbers to take part in protest against violence at ramjas college.
#mirandahouse students come out in large numbers to protest #ramjascollege violence @htdelhi @httweets pic.
twitter.com/xi9ioa3gzf  shradha chettri (@shrads_chettri) february 28, 201712.
15pm: the case of outraging the modesty of a woman, criminal intimidation and under the it act has been registered against unknown persons, confirmed a senior police officer.
speaking on sunday, kaur, a martyrs daughter, had alleged that she had been threatened with rape by some twitter users affiliated to abvp.
12.
12pm: cyber cell files fir over alleged rape threats to gurmehar kaur on social media after her campaign against abvp.
12.
10pm: karmachari union also protests outside the du executive council meet venue to resolve pension issue.
12pm: in a tweet to gurmehar kaur, writer chetan bhagat expresses his support for her right to have and air her opinions.
gurmehar retweets.
relax.
you did just fine.
whether we may agree with your opinion or not, will always stand up for your right to have and express views.
https://t.
co/xh5umqgpeq  chetan bhagat (@chetan_bhagat) february 28, 201711.
40am: duta members gather to protest outside the executive council meet, where the proposal for autonomous status to st stephens college is to be passed.
#duta gather to protest outside the #executivecouncil meet, where autonomous status college is to be passed @htdelhi @httweets pic.
twitter.com/tvwlxswzkt  shradha chettri (@shrads_chettri) february 28, 201711.
32am: dse students community says they will be distributing black badges on the dse campus, as emblematic of their solidarity with protests against abvp.
11.
28am: students of delhi school of economics also express solidarity with protests in du against abvp.
11.
20am: road towards arts faculty closed by the police ahead of #dufightback march.
11.
12am: calling the threats received by gurmehar reprehensible, lsr faculty members criticise the response of public figures to her stand.
responses on social media by public figures such as virender sehwag and randeep hooda are shameful trivialisation of the intimidation that gurmehar faces at the hands of violent mobs whose viciousness the university has recently witnessed, their statement says.
11.
10am: in their statement, the lsr teachers say, we feel that it is the bounden duty of educational institutions to nurture sensitive, responsive and critical thinking students without the fear of violent retaliation.
we are proud that gurmehar has fulfilled her duty as a young citizen of this country.
11.
05am: the statement by lsr faculty reads: we, the faculty members of the english department, lady shri ram college unequivocally and strongly support our student gurmehar kaur and her right to express her opinion on issues that embroil our university.
it is immensely gratifying to us as her teachers that she has responded sensitively, creatively and bravely to events in her immediate context rather than seek the safe refuge of silence.
10.
55am: the english department of lady shri ram college, where gurmehar kaur is a first year student of english honours, unanimously issues a statement.
10.
40am: lyricist and screenwriter javed akhtar hits out at kiren rijiju, says mr minister, i know who is polluting your mind.
i don't about her but mr minister i know who is polluting your mind .
javed akhtar (@javedakhtarjadu) february 28, 201710.
10am: jnu students will leave for khalsa college at around 11am.
at a public meeting at jnu on monday, rights activist and professor at delhi school of economics had said that the incidents ranging from anti-national debate at jnu to rohit vemula issue in hyderabad or the latest agitations at du, cannot be seen in isolation.
9.
37am:the letter by academics reads: the ruling partys student wing- abvp- has been emboldened to intervene violently in any attempt by students to have open discussions about matters that the sangh parivar deems to be inappropriate.
this is thuggish censorship.
we stand against it.
.
.
indias students and faculty have been brave against these attacks.
we stand with them.
9.
35am: international academics, including akeel bilgrami, sidney morgenbesser professor of philosophy at columbia university, gayatri chakravorty spivak, university professor at columbia university, joya chatterji, professor of south asian history and director of the centre of south asian studies at the university of cambridge, and raka ray, professor of sociology and south and southeast asia studies at the university of california (berkeley), among others, have written a letter condemning the sangh parivar and the violence perpetuated by the abvp in campuses.
watch what happened on february 22 during the protest against cancellation of a literary festival at ramjas college:9.
25am: in an unrelated protest, du teachers association will be assembling at 11 am outside the vice regal lodge, during the executive council meeting, to raise their voices against a slew of decisions made in the recent past, especially that of granting autonomy status to colleges.
students, faculty members and non teaching staff of st stephens college had also earlier protested their bid for autonomy.
8.
50am: disgusting and shameful to see a dignified woman being trolled by respectful citizens, for her remarks against politics in du: robert vadra.
8.
40am: delhi cm arvind kejriwal to meet lg at 2.
30 pm to demand action against abvp and rape threats to du student gurmehar kaur.
7.
45am: gurmehar kaur urged students to go to turn up in huge numbers as the march is about them and not and individual.
7.
40am: martyrs daughter gurmehar kaur withdraws from fightback du campaign, requests to be left alone.
in a series of tweets kaur said that she has shown enough courage and bravery.
i'm withdrawing from the campaign.
congratulations everyone.
i request to be left alone.
i said what i had to say.
.
(1/2)  gurmehar kaur (@mehartweets) february 28, 2017one thing is for sure, next time we will think twice before resorting to violence or threats and that's all this was about (2/2)  gurmehar kaur (@mehartweets) february 28, 2017to anyone questioning my courage and bravery.
.
i've shown more than enough  gurmehar kaur (@mehartweets) february 28, 2017i have been through a lot and this is all my 20 year self could take :)  gurmehar kaur (@mehartweets) february 28, 20177.
30am: the march will begin from shri guru tegh bahadur (sgtb) khalsa college at 12.
30pm and end at the arts faculty building of du.
the protests began after a literary event at ramjas college was called off as the abvp objected to an invite to controversial jnu students umar khalid and shehla rashid to speak at the seminar.
khalid was accused of organizing an event at jnu last year in which anti-india slogans were heard.
unhappy with the abvps protest, students and teachers called a counter-demonstration last wednesday and that turned into a street punch-up.
lok sabha on thursday took up for consideration the contentious bill to make the practice of instant triple talaq illegal with up to three years in jail for the husband.
moving the bill for consideration, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said the legislation was a must for gender equality and justice as despite an august 2017 supreme court verdict striking down the practice of instant triple talaq , women were being divorced by talaq-e-biddat.
he said, since january 2017, 574 such cases had been reported by the media.
the ban on triple talaq has been enforced through three ordinances issued by narendra modi government as the related bill couldnt be passed by the previous lok sabha.
follow live updates from the parliamenta fresh bill was introduced by the new government in june during the ongoing parliament session.
under the muslim women (protection of rights on marriage) bill, 2019, divorcing through instant triple talaq will be illegal, void and would attract a jail term of three years for the erring husband.
prasad said to allay fears that the proposed law could be misused, the government had included certain safeguards such as provision of bail for the accused before trial.
while the bill makes triple talaq a non-bailable offence, an accused can approach a magistrate even before trial to seek bail.
a provision has been added to allow the magistrate to grant bail after hearing the wife, the minister said.
the opposition termed the penal provision for the muslim husband discriminatory and also objected to the 3-year jail term for the practitioner of talaq-e-biddat as disproportionate and counter-productive.
those opposing the bill said it was discriminatory as it sought to target only muslim women even when the problem of abandoning-wives was not unique to the community.
congress leader gaurav gogoi said the majority enjoyed by the nda government doesnt mean that parliamentary committees--where such contentions bills should be debated--are bypassed.
he demanded a comprehensive bill to empower women from all religions and sections.
trinamool congress mp sudip bandyopadhyay drove the above point home by expressing his partys opposition to the practice of triple talaq yet requesting the centre to drop the 3-year jail term which he called arbitrary and excessive.
we support muslim women who have a problem with triple talaq.
but the bill is excessive, arbitrary as a jailed husband cant support his family or give maintenance to his separated wife, the tmc mp said while demanding that the bill be referred to a joint select committee.
minority affairs minister mukhtar abbas naqvi said the argument against 3-year jail term was specious and mischievous as it sought to side with the guilty.
those who do not refrain from triple talaq deserve to be jailed, he said.
all the major islamic countries had banned triple talaq and therefore it couldnt be argued that there was even a religious ground for opposing it, he added.
nda ally jd(u)s mp rajiv ranjan singh declared that his party will abstain from voting on the triple talaq bill as it was fundamentally opposed to any interference on this matter and added that the bill was likely to create mistrust within the muslim community.
the government should instead try to awaken the community to womens rights, he said, adding that despite being a part of the nda, his party had a long standing policy of divergence on controversial issues including common civil code and article 370.
opposing the bill, aimim chief osaduddin owaisi said its real purpose was to drive a wedge between the muslim community and its religion.
the bjp should fly all its women mps in a special plane to the sabarimala shrine in kerala if it really wanted to empower women, he said before closing his speech.
the lok sabha on thursday passed a bill that penalizes talaq-e-biddat (triple talaq), a practice of divorce in the muslim community, amid strong protests by the opposition which demanded that the bill be referred to a parliamentary panel for review as it criminalized a civil right issue.
the muslim women (protection of rights on marriage) bill 2019 was passed by a voice vote after the congress, the trinamool congress, and key bharatiya janata party (bjp) ally, janata dal (united), among other opposition parties staged a walkout.
the bill, which will now be sent to the rajya sabha, makes the practice of instant triple talaq  under which a muslim man can divorce his wife by uttering the word talaq thrice in succession  a cognizable offence, attracting up to three years imprisonment and a fine.
a cognizable offence is one in which the police may carry out an arrest without a warrant, and is used for serious crimes such as theft, rape and murder.
the bill allows the wife or her relatives to file a complaint, and has a provision for a magistrate to grant bail to the accused.
it also leaves scope for reconciliation between the couple.
nk premachandran of the revolutionary socialist party, who led the opposition charge, said that provisions to protect women already existed in form of the domestic violence act and section 498a of the indian penal code, which penalized cruelty against a woman in her marital home.
he alleged that the bill was discriminatory, because divorce among other faiths  regulated by personal laws  was not a criminal offence.
all india majlis-e-ittehadul muslimeen (aimim) chief asaduddin owaisi, who opposed the bill pointed out that if the husband was jailed, he would not be able to pay maintenance to his wife, which was also a provision in the bill.
however, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said, the indian constitution is equal for all daughters.
so the bill is needed.
he pointed out that despite a 2017 supreme court ruling which struck down the practice and found it unconstitutional, hundreds of cases have been reported since then.
when hindus and muslims are jailed under the dowry law [dowry prohibition act] or the domestic violence act, no one objects.
what is the objection in penalising the practice?
it is needed to provide gender justice and equality, prasad said.
in the 2017 shayara bano versus union of india and others case, a five-judge bench of the supreme court held in a 3-2 majority verdict that instant triple talaq, polygamy and nikah halala (in which a woman must marry and divorce another man to re-marry her first husband) were unconstitutional practices.
the previous national democratic alliance (nda) government then tabled a version of the bill, which was passed by the lower house in december 2018, but remained pending in the upper house.
with the dissolution of the 16th lok sabha, the bill lapsed and was introduced in the first session of the newly elected lok sabha.
the previous nda government also promulgated two ordinancesin september 2018 and february 2019  penalizing the practice.
prasad and other bharatiya janata party (bjp) parliamentarians, including meenakshi lekhi and kirron kher, outlined that the bill was about gender justice.
the idea that religious law is immutable, this thinking needs to change, lekhi said, adding that no area could lie outside the constitution.
many social evils among hindus in the country, such as sati  an outlawed practice of widow-burning on the funeral pyre of the husband were penalized, prasad said, and added that such laws acted as deterrents.
prasad said that 20 islamic countries including pakistan, afghanistan, malaysia, indonesia, jordan, egypt and tunisia had outlawed triple talaq.
and if they could do it, why cannot it be done in india which is a secular country?
the minister asked.
former union finance minister arun jaitley died at delhis aiims on saturday.
he was 66.
jaitley was admitted to aiims on august 9, after he complained of uneasiness.
a press release by aiims media and protocol division said jaitley died at 12:07 pm on saturday.
also read| when arun jaitley spent rs 35,000 to prep for rajya sabha debateread updates here:7:55 pm ist arun jaitley stood by me in all my troubles: amit shah whenever i faced trouble in my life, arun jaitley ji stood by me.
today he is not with us anymore, i pray to the almighty to give peace to the departed soul and give strength to his family and bjp workers, to cope with this loss, said amit shah.
7:45 pm ist sonia gandhi, rahul gandhi pay tribute to arun jaitley former pm dr manmohan singh, congress interim president sonia gandhi and congress leader rahul gandhi, pay tribute to former union finance minister arun jaitley who passed away earlier today.
7:34 pm ist unbearable loss to the bjp: amit shah union home minister amit shah: arun jaitleys demise is an unbearable loss to the workers of bjp.
as a student leader, he was jailed for 19 months during the emergency.
as a member of parliament, he always raised the voice of the people and acted as a crusader against corruption.
7:15 pm ist he was an asset to the party: rajnath singh the nation will never forget his contribution, he was an asset to the party, the government when he was part of it, and the country.
he is not with us anymore, i pay tribute to him, said rajnath singh.
6:55 pm ist nirmala sitharaman pays tribute to arun jaitley finance minister nirmala sitharaman pays tribute to former union finance minister arun jaitley.
6:35 pm ist naveen patnaik at jaitleys residence to pay his last respects odisha chief minister naveen patnaik and biju janata dal (bjd) mp pinaki misra pay tribute to former union finance minister arun jaitley.
6:25 pm ist lk advani visits jaitleys delhi home, pays tribute veteran bjp leader lal krishna advani pays tribute to former union finance minister arun jaitley, who passed away at all india institute of medical sciences, earlier today.
6:15 pm ist us mission in india grieves with people of india: us embassy us embassy issued a statement today: us mission in india grieves with people of india on demise of former minister arun jaitley.
hell be remembered for his long & distinguished service.
especially notable was his introduction of gst, efforts to improve ease of doing business,&measures to combat corruption.
:ani6:00 pm ist yogi adityanath, ravishankarprasad prasad also pay their last respects uttar pradesh cm yogi adityanath, union minister ravishankarprasad prasad pay tribute to former finance minister arun jaitley.
leaders at arun jaitleys residence.
( ani twitter )5:50 pm ist jyotiraditya scindia, arvind kejriwal pay tribute to jaitley congress leader jyotiraditya scindia along with his family, delhi cm arvind kejriwal and deputy cm manish sisodia, paid tribute to former finance minister arun jaitley, who passed away earlier today.
:ani5:35 pm ist a big loss for bjp: j-k governor sp malik j-k governor sp malik on arun jaitley: its a big loss for bjp,country and for me personally.
he was a very talented person, brilliant people like him are rarely seen in politics.
i pray to the almighty to give peace to his soul & give strength to his family at this moment of grief.
:ani5:25 pm ist s jaishankar pays tribute to arun jaitley external affairs minister subrahmanyam jaishankar pays tribute to former union finance minister arun jaitley, who passed away at all india institute of medical sciences, earlier today.
:ani5:05 pm ist president ram nath kovind pays tribute to arun jaitley president ram nath kovind pays tribute to former union finance minister arun jaitley.
3:49 pm ist mortal remains of arun jaitley brought to his residence mortal remains of former union finance minister arun jaitley brought to his residence in delhi from all india institute of medical sciences, where he passed away, earlier today.
3:24 pm ist jp nadda and harsh vardhan laid wreaths on mortal remains on arun jaitley bjp working president jp nadda and union health minister dr. harsh vardhan laid wreaths on mortal remains on arun jaitley, on behalf of bjp president amit shah and pm modi, respectively.
bjp working president jp nadda & union health minister dr. harsh vardhan laid wreaths on mortal remains on #arunjaitley, on behalf of bjp president amit shah & pm modi, respectively.
pic.
twitter.com/93y7ogrelo  ani (@ani) august 24, 20193:16 pm ist he was always available for all of us with his sage advice: piyush goyal union minister piyush goyal on arun jaitley : i am deeply pained at the sad demise of my brother and my mentor.
he was always available for all of us with his sage advice.
it is a great personal loss for me and my family.
union minister piyush goyal on #arunjaitley : i am deeply pained at the sad demise of my brother and my mentor.
he was always available for all of us with his sage advice.
it is a great personal loss for me and my family.
pic.
twitter.com/mwet4eku49  ani (@ani) august 24, 20193:15 pm ist mortal remains of former union finance minister arun jaitley being taken to his delhi home delhi: mortal remains of former union finance minister arun jaitley being taken to his residence from all india institutes of medical sciences, where he passed away, earlier today.
delhi: mortal remains of former union finance minister arun jaitley being taken to his residence from all india institutes of medical sciences, where he passed away, earlier today.
pic.
twitter.com/lbfxddidsr  ani (@ani) august 24, 20192:59 pm ist personally, deeply saddened by passing away of arun jaitley: cji ranjan gogoi i am personally, deeply saddened by passing away of arun jaitley: cji ranjan gogoi, reports pti.
2:46 pm ist arun jaitley to be cremated at nigambodh ghat on sunday former finance minister arun jaitley will be cremated on sunday afternoon at the nigambodh ghat, bjp leader sudhanshu mittal said, reports pti.
2:43 pm ist as a finance minister arun jaitley ji steered landmark reforms: yogi adityanath yogi adityanath tweets: as a finance minister shri @arunjaitley ji steered landmark reforms- gst and the insolvency and bankruptcy code his passing away is very saddening.
it is a big loss to the nation and to the party and a personal loss to me.
2:35 pm ist arun jaitley, a cultured gentleman: tamil nadu cm k palaniswami praising arun jaitley as a cultured gentleman who had cordial ties with all cutting across party lines, tamil nadu chief minister k palaniswami on saturday said he was grieved to learn of his death, which was a huge loss for the country.
arun jaitleys passing away is a huge loss not only for his family but also for his party and the entire indian nation, he said expressing shock and grief in his condolence, reports pti.
2:20 pm ist truly cherish many years of friendship shared with a humble leader: chandrababu naidu chandrababu naidu tweets: devastated to learn about the passing away of arun jaitley ji.
truly cherish the many years of friendship shared with a humble leader who was also a great statesman.
my deepest condolences to his family.
2:13 pm ist nirmala sitaraman and jitendra singh reach delhis aiims nirmala sitaraman and jitendra singh reach delhis aiims.
2:04 pm ist arun jaitley was a powerful intellectual, an able administrator and a man of impeccable integrity: venkaiah naidu vice-president, m venkaiah naidu on arun jaitley: his death is an irreparable loss for the country and personally to me also.
i have no words to express my grief.
he was a powerful intellectual, an able administrator and a man of impeccable integrity.
vice-president, m venkaiah naidu on #arunjaitley: his death is an irreparable loss for the country and personally to me also.
i have no words to express my grief.
he was a powerful intellectual, an able administrator and a man of impeccable integrity.
pic.
twitter.com/hjx18wlzyz  ani (@ani) august 24, 20191:57 pm ist arun jaitley was a superhuman, devoted life to service of the nation: shivraj chouhan former madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan on saturday condoled the demise of former union finance minister arun jaitley.
he was a great man and superhuman.
this is not just the loss of bjp, it is the loss for the entire country and the entire world.
he devoted his life for the service of the country, he said while talking to reporters in bhopal, reports news agency ani.
1:53 pm ist his contributions to public life will forever be remembered: sonia gandhi on arun jaitleys demise congress president sonia gandhi has expressed deep pain and distress at the untimely passing away of arun jaitley.
condoling his death she said that shri jaitley had a long innings as a public figure, parliamentarian and minister and his contributions to public life will forever be remembered.
1:50 pm ist his death is an irreparable loss for the country and personally to me also: venkaiah naidu vice-president and bjp leader, m venkaiah naidu on arun jaitley: his death is an irreparable loss for the country and personally to me also.
i have no words to express my grief.
he was a powerful intellectual, an able administrator and a man of impeccable integrity.
vice-president and bjp leader, m venkaiah naidu on #arunjaitley: his death is an irreparable loss for the country and personally to me also.
i have no words to express my grief.
he was a powerful intellectual, an able administrator and a man of impeccable integrity.
pic.
twitter.com/zcak61ey93  ani (@ani) august 24, 20191:50 pm ist all programmes of jharkhand chief minister raghubar das scheduled for today and tomorrow, have been postponed all programmes of jharkhand chief minister raghubar das scheduled for today and tomorrow, have been postponed in view of former union finance minister, arun jaitleys demise, reports news agency ani.
1:46 pm ist bjp family has lost one of its integral members today: jharkhand cm raghubar das jharkhand chief minister raghubar das tweets, saddened by jaitley jis demise, bjp family has lost one of its integral members today.
i pray to the almighty to give peace to the departed soul and give strength to his family at this time of grief.
1:43 pm ist saddened to know about the demise of shri arun jaitley: randeep singh surjewala randeep singh surjewala tweets: saddened to know about the demise of shri arun jaitley.
my deepest condolences to his family.
an astute parliamentarian, hell always be remembered.
may his soul rest in peace.
1:38 pm ist deeply pained and anguished on the sad demise of our old friend: shatrughan sinha shatrughan sinha tweets: deeply pained & anguished on the sad demise of our old friend, friend & guide of the society, veteran stalwart leader #arunjaitley.
the whole nation grieves his loss.
he led over four decades in public life effectively & satisfyingly.
he had enormous leadership qualities & was a great multi tasker, taking charge of many ministries with complete ease, with tremendous administration abilities.
he stood tall among others as a tall, fierce leader, a warm human being, intellectual par excellence & a wonderful gentleman.
he will be remembered for his leadership & wisdom.
prayers with his family, friends & supporters.
may they find the strength in these difficult times.
your absence will be truly missed.
may his soul rest in peace.
1:35 pm ist arun jaitley was an asset for the country, for the government, and for the party: rajnath singh defence minister rajnath singh in lucknow: just got to know of the passing away of arun jaitley ji.
he was an asset for the country, for the government, and for the party.
i will leave for delhi to pay tributes to arun jaitley ji.
defence minister rajnath singh in lucknow: just got to know of the passing away of arun jaitley ji.
he was an asset for the country, for the govt, and for the party.
i will leave for delhi to pay tributes to arun jaitley ji.
pic.
twitter.com/qytavzsj4e  ani (@ani) august 24, 20191:34 pm ist on behalf of france, i offer our heartfelt condolences to the family and loved ones of arun jaitley ji: french ambassador to india alexandre ziegler french ambassador to india alexandre ziegler: on behalf of france, i offer our heartfelt condolences to the family and loved ones of arun jaitley ji.
france stands with india and its people in this time of deep grief.
1:28 pm ist arun jaitley jis demise is an irreparable loss for all of us: piyush goyal piyush goyal tweets: shri arun jaitley jis demise is an irreparable loss for all of us.
he was an outstanding statesman & administrator who devoted his life to public service & nations growth the nation is in mourning.
my deep condolences to his family in this moment of grief.
om shanti.
1:26 pm ist his intelligence, sagacity, astuteness have no match: nirmala sitharaman on arun jaitleys death nirmala sitharaman tweets: no words can describe the loss of shri @arunjaitley.
a mentor to many of us, a guide and a moral support and strength.
have learnt so much from him.
a fine large-hearted person.
always ready to help anyone/everyone.
his intelligence, sagacity, astuteness have no match.
1:22 pm ist extremely saddened by the passing of arun jaitley after battling a long illness with fortitude and dignity: ram nath kovind president ram nath kovind: extremely saddened by the passing of arun jaitley after battling a long illness with fortitude and dignity.
a brilliant lawyer, a seasoned parliamentarian, and a distinguished minister, he contributed immensely to nation-building.
president ram nath kovind: extremely saddened by the passing of arun jaitley after battling a long illness with fortitude and dignity.
a brilliant lawyer, a seasoned parliamentarian, and a distinguished minister, he contributed immensely to nation-building.
pic.
twitter.com/erfxgk37kw  ani (@ani) august 24, 20191:21 pm ist with the demise of arun jaitley ji, i have lost a valued friend: pm modi with the demise of arun jaitley ji, i have lost a valued friend, whom i have had the honour of knowing for decades.
his insight on issues and nuanced understanding of matters had very few parallels.
he lived well, leaving us all with innumerable happy memories.
we will miss him!
: pm modi1:20 pm ist bjp and arun jaitley ji had an unbreakable bond: pm modi bjp and arun jaitley ji had an unbreakable bond.
as a fiery student leader, he was at forefront of protecting our democracy during the emergency.
he became a much liked face of our party, who could articulate the party programmes and ideology to a wide spectrum of society: pm modi1:20 pm ist arun jaitley ji held multiple ministerial responsibilities, which enabled him to contribute towards indias economic growth: pm modi during his long political career, arun jaitley ji held multiple ministerial responsibilities, which enabled him to contribute towards indias economic growth, strengthening our defence capabilities, creating people friendly laws and enhancing trade with other nations: pm modi1:19 pm ist arun jaitley ji was admired by people across all sections of society: pm modi full of life, blessed with wit, a great sense of humour and charisma, arun jaitley ji was admired by people across all sections of society.
he was multi-faceted, having impeccable knowledge about indias constitution, history, public policy, governance and administration: pm modi1:18 pm ist arun jaitley ji was a political giant, towering intellectual and legal luminary: pm modi pm modi tweets: arun jaitley ji was a political giant, towering intellectual and legal luminary.
he was an articulate leader who made a lasting contribution to india.
his passing away is very saddening.
spoke to his wife sangeeta ji as well as son rohan, and expressed condolences.
om shanti.
1:16 pm ist pm modi has spoken to arun jaitleys wife and son, and expressed his condolences pm narendra modi has spoken to arun jaitleys wife and son, and expressed his condolences.
both of them insisted that pm does not cancel his current foreign tour, reports news agency ani.
1:15 pm ist a great loss for india: shashi tharoor on arun jaitleys demise shashi tharoor tweets: deeply saddened by the tragic passing of my friend&delhiuniv senior @arunjaitley.
we first met when he was at dusu& i was president of ststephenscollegeunion.
despite political differences we enjoyed a healthy mutual respect&debated his budget often in ls.
a great loss4india1:13 pm ist his contribution to build our nation is immense: hd kumaraswamy hd kumaraswamy tweets: deeply saddened by the demise of former union minister shri.
@arunjaitley.
his contribution to build our nation is immense.
let god give strength to his family and well-wishers to bear this loss.
#arunjaitley1:10 pm ist my thoughts are with his family in this time of grief: capt amarinder singh on arun jaitleys demise captain amarinder singh tweets: sad to hear that former union minister #arunjaitley ji has passed away.
my thoughts are with his family in this time of grief.
may his soul rest in peace.
1:09 pm ist untimely demise of former finance minister and senior leader arun jaitley is a huge loss to the nation: arvind kejriwal arvind kejriwal tweets: untimely demise of former fm and senior leader sh arun jaitley ji is a huge loss to the nation.
a legal luminary and an experienced political leader known for his governance skills will be missed by the country.
thoughts and prayers with his family in this moment of grief.
rip1:06 pm ist vice president venkaiah naidu cuts short his visit to andhra pradesh following demise of arun jaitley vice president m. venkaiah naidu who was to leave from chennai for nellore in andhra pradesh, has cut short his visit and is returning to delhi following the demise of former finance minister arun jaitley.
vice president m. venkaiah naidu (in file pic) who was to leave from chennai for nellore in andhra pradesh, has cut short his visit and is returning to delhi following the demise of former finance minister arun jaitley.
pic.
twitter.com/yy30wyd7sm  ani (@ani) august 24, 20191:05 pm ist deeply pained by demise of arun jaitley; its like a personal loss: amit shah home minister amit shah: deeply pained by the demise of #arunjaitley ji.
it is like a personal loss for me.
i have not only lost a senior party leader but also an important family member who will forever be a guiding light for me.
hm amit shah: deeply pained by the demise of #arunjaitley ji.
it is like a personal loss for me.
i have not only lost a senior party leader but also an important family member who will forever be a guiding light for me.
(file pic) pic.
twitter.com/bka1nevxlo  ani (@ani) august 24, 20191:04 pm ist arun jaitley served the nation and sangathan with dedication and zeal: smriti irani smriti irani tweets: a stalwart who paid tribute to his simple beginnings by helping those with meagre means .
orator par excellence, legal luminary @arunjaitley ji served the nation and sangathan with dedication and zeal.
my tributes to him.
condolences to loved ones.
om shanti.
1:02 pm ist could never forget him and his contribution: suresh prabhu on arun jaitleys demise suresh prabhu tweets: extremely sad to hear about passing away of our dear friend,legal brain,sharp mind,astute strategist,seasoned politician,exemplary parliamentian,exceptional communicator,sr leader,colleague of years #arunjaitley will always feel void,could never forget him&contribution om shanti12:57 pm ist our thoughts and prayers are with them in this time of grief: inc congress tweets: we are deeply saddened to hear the passing of shri arun jaitley.
our condolences to his family.
our thoughts and prayers are with them in this time of grief.
12:56 pm ist as leader of opposition he was without match: kapil sibal on arun jaitley congress leader kapail sibal tweets: very sorry to learn that arun jaitley is no more .
an old friend and a dear colleague will be remembered for his seminal contributions to the polity and as fm of india .
as leader of opposition he was without match .
he always stood steadfastly for his friends and for his party .
12:55 pm ist arun jaitleys contribution to indian polity will be remembered: mamata banerjee west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee tweets: extremely saddened at the passing away of arun jaitley ji, after a battle bravely borne.
an outstanding parliamentarian & a brilliant lawyer, appreciated across parties.
his contribution to indian polity will be remembered.
my condolences to his wife, children, friends & admirers12:53 pm ist arun jaitley ji was an asset to the government: rajnath singh rajnath singh tweets: arun jaitley ji served the nation in several capacities and he was an asset to the government and the party organisation.
he always had a deep and clear understanding of the issues of the day.
his knowledge and articulation won him several friends.
the supreme court collegium on wednesday unanimously agreed to defer by a week a decision on whether to recommend the name of uttarakhand chief justice km joseph once again for elevation to the top court, after chief justice of india (cji) dipak misra suggested that the names of more judges be considered.
a person privy to the collegium proceedings said wednesdays meeting lasted about 50 minutes.
cji misra was of the view that judges from the high courts of rajasthan, calcutta and andhra pradesh and telangana should be considered along with the proposal to elevate justice joseph, the person said on condition of anonymity.
members of the collegium, which comprises the five senior-most supreme court judges and decides on appointments to the higher judiciary, then deferred the decision on the elevation of justice joseph.
three of the others said they needed time to respond to other names proposed by the cji and also to decide if a consolidated list of the four names should be sent to the government or just the name of justice joseph.
last week, the government cleared the appointment of senior advocate to the supreme court as a judge of the top court, but put on hold the collegiums recommendation to elevate joseph.
four of the five collegium members were also for the first time informed on wednesday of a letter written by law minister ravishankarprasad prasad to the cji on april 30 wherein he reiterated the government position that the principle of seniority must be followed in the elevation of judges to the top court.
the letter pointed out that justice joseph is 42nd in seniority among the high court judges and many hcs such as gujarat, calcutta and jammu and kashmir are not represented in the apex court.
a second person with knowledge of the situation confirmed to hindustan times that so far the collegium had not decided whether to return the name of justice joseph to the government for elevation.
but there is a general view among the judges that his name needs to be reiterated as available facts and figures suggest that he is the most meritorious judge among the present lot of judges.
apart from justice josephs case, the collegium next week is likely to consider the names of justice indira banerjee, who hails from the calcutta high court and is presently the chief justice of madras high court; justice r.subhash reddy, who is from telangana and is presently gujarat high court chief justice; and justice dinesh maheshwari, who hails from rajasthan and is chief justice of the karnataka high courtafter putting on hold justice josephs elevation, law minister wrote to the cji that it would not be fair and justified to other more senior, suitable, and deserving chief justices and senior judges of various high courts.
the collegium, which is headed by the cji, comprises justices j chelameswar, ranjan gogoi, mb lokur and kurien joseph.
a number of supreme court lawyers urged the top court to put on hold malhotras appointment and direct the government to clear josephs name  a request that was rejected by a bench led by the chief justice misra.
the bench said the government is within its rights to send back a name for reconsideration.
a petition was filed by senior lawyer indira jaising, which said appointments have now become a matter concerning the independence of judiciary.
jaising told the court that the government was stalling justice josephs elevation because as chief justice of the uttarakhand high court, he had quashed the imposition of presidents rule in uttarakhand in 2016, leading to the reinstatement of the congress party government led by harish rawat.
the congress has made a similar allegation.
on wednesday, the law minister said the charges levelled against the government by the congress party in particular and others in general that justice josephs appointment had been stalled because of his uttarakhand verdict amounted to sponsored allegations.
i wish to deny with all authority at my command.
it has nothing to do with that at all, prasad told reporters at a cabinet briefing.
prasad noted that a bharatiya janata party government was elected with a three-fourths majority last year.
and justice josephs order was confirmed by justice j s khehar of the supreme court, who had also set aside the national judicial appointments commission act; yet khehar became cji under the nda government, prasad said.
the law minister said the right of the government to seek a reconsideration of proposals made by the collegium is granted to it by the supreme court judgements of 1993, 1998 and 2015 relating to the collegium system.
on former cji rm lodhas remarks that the independence of the judiciary is under challenge and should be non-negotiable, prasad said that he did not want to comment on observations made by a retired judge.
i always felt that independence of judiciary is non-negotiable and it is for the cji, who is the leader of the court, to take them forward.
only one thing i would like to observe is the commitment of this government for the independence of the judiciary and respect for the institution of judiciary and the judges is complete and uncompromising, he added.
microsoft ceo satya nadella called on union information technology minister ravishankarprasad prasad on tuesday to discuss the it majors projects with the government and the issues regarding the united states immigration policy.
prasad said that nadella shares the concerns of the indian it sector when it comes to the us immigration policy.
the it ministry is working with the mea to sort things out.
the microsoft ceo also endorses the contribution of the indian it firms and professionals in the us, the it minister said.
read | microsoft ceo satya nadella pressed trump on h-1b visas at tech summita delegation of eighth us lawmakers are expected to meet prasad later in the day.
digigaon projectglobal it firms are making a beeline to india after prime minister narendra modi unleashed the multi-billion dollar digital india initiative.
microsoft is involved in one of the digigaon project, which was announced in the union budget, prasad said after the meeting.
in the budget for 2017-18, finance minister arun jaitley said a digigaon initiative will be launched to provide tele-medicine, education and skills through digital technology.
read | nadella echoes gates concern about ai, says reskilling needed to prevent job lossthe government plans to step up the allocation for bharatnet project to rs 10,000 crores in 2017-18.
by the end of 2017-18, high speed broadband connectivity on optical fibre will be available in more than 1,50,000 gram panchayats, with wifi hot spots and access to digital services at low tariffs.
microsoft has already helped in the spread of aadhaar project.
the company founded by bill gates is also running a pilot on tv white space technology which will enable it to offer internet facilities at very low frequency in rural areas.
the second narendra modi government started its legislative innings with the controversial triple talaq bill in the lok sabha, even as the opposition members vehemently protested and forced a rare division (voting) before its introduction which was done through paper ballots.
law minister ravishankarprasad prasad finally introduced the muslim women (protection of rights on marriage) bill after the ruling dispensation won the floor test by 186-74 votes.
opposition members of congress and aimim leader asauddin owaisi mostly led the protest against the bill.
trinamool congress mps werent present during the voting.
senior trinamool leader saugata ray indicated it was a conscious decision.
its a very sensitive issue and we did not want to be a part of it.
our stand is that the bill should be sent to a parliamentary committee for scrutiny, he said.
watch | opposition opposes triple talaq bill tabled by govt in lok sabhathis is not a question of religion but about justice to women.
this is a question of dignity of women and we are committed to protect it, prasad said while introducing the bill.
he also taunted the opposition for continuing to object to the bill, suggesting that he had expected the parties would have done some kind of a course correction after their humiliating defeat in the national elections.
the nda government had promulgated two ordinances to enact the law after the original bill could not be cleared in the rajya sabha.
the revised bill makes declaration of talaq a cognizable offence, attracting up to three years imprisonment with a fine.
it, however, allows only the wife or her relatives to file the complaint against the husband.
the current bill also allows the magistrate to grant bail to the accused.
there is also a scope of reconciliation.
justifying the requirement of the bill, prasad said that even after the supreme court judgment banned practising triple talaq, more than 200 cases have been reported.
but congress leader shashi tharoor maintained that the triple talaq (instant divorce) bill conflates civil and criminal laws.
according to tharoor, the bill was a textbook example of class legislation as it was pointed at one community, muslims, even though abandoning wives is not unique to it.
aimim chief asaduddin owaisi took potshots at the bjp saying that they were appeared to concern for muslim women but it opposed hindu women from entering the sabrimala temple in kerala.
owaisi pressed for a division which was accepted by lok sabha speaker om birla.
as the house is yet to allot seat number to the mps, the vote was taken by ballot papers.
bjp floor managers such as nishikant dubey, ss ahluwalia, parliamentary affairs minister prahlad joshi were running around telling the lawmakers how to vote.
similarly, congress floor leader adhir chowdhury, its chief whip k suresh and others were also busy ensuing that their mps oppose the introduction of the bill.
significantly, trinamool congress, the second largest opposition party, was not present during the voting.
patna barely an hour after the supreme court revived the conspiracy charge in the babri masjid demolition case against bjp stalwarts like lk advani, murli manohar joshi, kalyan singh, uma bharti and vinay katiyar, rjd chief lalu prasad, on wednesday, came out with his own explanation of the turn of events.
this development smacks of a conspiracy scripted within the bjp, prasad alleged, pointing out that the prosecuting agency in the babri case, the cbi, was under the control of the prime minister and implying this may have had something to do with the development of the day.
when the cbi says in the court that the conspiracy case against the advani and other bjp leaders should be pursued, what else remains to be said?
he added, welcoming the apex court verdictprasad, who had stopped advanis somnath to ayodhya rath yatra in bihar, in october 1990, at the peak of the bjps movement for constructing a ram temple at ayodhya in uttar pradesh, seemed to imply a deliberate effort to undermine the position of the veteran bjp leader.
there was a lot of talk in the market about advani as a prospective candidate for the post of president of india, the election for which is scheduled to be held in july.
following the court verdict, advanis chances are gone in a single stroke, he pointed out.
prasad said: anyone can read the turn of events, leading to this situation.
but then, in the rss and bjp, anything is possible.
they dont spare anyone.
it was advani who had helped narendra modi (remain gujarat cm) in the wake of the 2002 gujarat riots, but today he knows best what has happened, prasad told reporters at his residence.
union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad, who was in patna, on wednesday,however, asked the rjd chief to reply to serious allegations of corruption levelled against him and members of his family, over the past several days, by bjp leader sushil kumar modi.
modi has been holding press conferences over the past several days, questioning how members of the rjd chiefs immediate family had secured ownership of a couple of companies, which possessed valuable tracts of land at patna and other places.
the union minister also urged bihar chief minister nitish kumar to take action in the matter.
ravi shankar prasad, however, did not say anything about wednesdays apex court verdict in the babri case.
i have not seen the judgment.
advaniji, joshiji and all others are our respected leaders.
i will not make any comment without studying the order, as i am the law minister, he added.
if you are in varanasi, kachauri and jalebi for breakfast is a must.
on sunday, the delectable treat was also savoured by three union ministers and two national level bjp leaders.
camping in the prime ministers constituency to campaign for elections scheduled on march 8, the ministers relished the famous delicacies at shri ram bhandar in nadesar area.
amid hectic campaigning, it is a real treat to enjoy such crunchy banarasi kachauri and crispy jalebis, said law minister ravishankarprasad prasad, who was accompanied with union health minister jp nadda and union minister of state for finance santosh gangwar, bjp national general secretary bhupendra yadav and national spokesperson srikant sharma.
they dont just taste good, they look tempting as well, said prasad while insisting that the food is a part of the culture here.
eating them on the street, like a common man, is a heavenly experience, he said as his cabinet and party colleagues nod in unison.
such authentic food is a rarity in the national capital, said another bjp leader even as a local informs them about temple citys love for food.
banaras has more than 200 kachauri and jalebi shops.
of them, some are very famous.
in fact, a lane in the city is known as kachauri gali.
some of these shops are more than 100 years old, he says.
our shop was established in 1870.
and personalities as tall as former prime minister indira gandhi have relished our food items, boasts saurabh gupta, the shop owner.
only a few days back, filmmaker anurag kashyap was here, he adds.
the bjp ministers have been camping here for about one week.
they are looking after the campaigning arrangements for last two phases, covering 78 assembly seats in eastern up.
in the sixth phase, polling will take place on 38 seats in five districts, including gorakhpur, kushinagar, maharajganj, deoria and azamgarh.
last and seventh phase that is scheduled on march 8 covers 40 assembly seats in seven districts, including varanasi, ghazipur, jaunpur, sonbhadra, chandauli, mirzapur and bhadohi.
educationupdated: jul 30, 2019 10:40 istthe prestigious patna high school campus has turned 100 this year.
the school management along with its alumni association has planned a series of programs to celebrate the grand occasion.
in fact, the week long celebrations have already begun from monday and would culminate on august 4 with a gala event that would see scores of dignitaries from across the nation, most of them the institute alumni, converging on the campus to relive the fond memories of their school days and wish well for their alma mater.
an organising team has been formed to make all necessary arrangements and see through successful completion of the events.
the campus is already gripped with fervour.
on monday, an essay writing competition was held among the present students.
according to school officials, different competitions including painting, math quiz, and athletics will be held and the winners will be awarded on august 4.
as per the managing committee, vice-president of india m venkaiah naidu, governors of bihar and sikkim, union minister ravishankarprasad prasad, chief minister nitish kumar, deputy chief minister sushil kumar modi, education minister krishna nandan prasad verma, members of parliament r k sinha, c p thakur, legislators abdul bari siddiqui and sanjeev chaurasiya have confirmed to attend the function.
patna high school principal ravi ranjan, who himself is an alumnus of the school, shed light on the current challenges facing by the school.
he said, notwithstanding the school's glorious history, in the present scenario its stature has witnessed decline due to deteriorating infrastructure and lack of teachers.
we are expecting a change in fate after the visit of vice-president naidu and may the school get reasons to rejuvenate again.
raj shekhar gupta, general secretary of patna high school alumni association, said, all eyes are set for the august 4 gala event.
in the morning, the visiting guests would garland the statute of rajendra prasad singh, a former student of the school, who was among the seven youths killed in the infamous patna secretariat firing case during the quit india movement in august 1942.
singh's statue stands tall on the campus even today.
in the second half, the students of batch 1960-70 and retired teachers of the school would be honoured followed by cultural programme, added gupta.
former ips officer bharati ghosh, who once addressed bengal chief minister mamata banerjee as the mother of jangalmahal, was grilled on friday for about eight hours by state police a day after she filed nomination as the bharatiya janata party candidate from ghatal lok sabha constituency.
she was questioned by a team of officers from the criminal investigation department (cid) of the west bengal police.
ghosh is facing as many as 11 cases, nine of which were slapped in 2018 and two this year.
some of these charges relate to alleged extortion and illegal exchange of banned currency notes.
a team of 16 officers led by special superintendent (cid), indra narayan chakraborty, arrived at the rented accommodation of ghosh in kalmijor village and started interrogating her from about 10 am.
the questioning ended around 6 pm.
there was a short break around 2 pm.
before the cid team left, bjp supporters gathered in front of ghoshs residence and shouted slogans.
they (the officers) said that they would like to come tomorrow again for interrogation.
i told them it will not be possible for me to attend since i have campaign plans.
but i assured them of all cooperation.
i have requested them to come for interrogation after april 22.
meanwhile, i shall also inform the supreme court of the development through my lawyer, ghosh said after the interrogation.
asked about the interrogation, the former cop said, i enjoyed it.
i could have enjoyed a bit more had the questions been relevant.
ghosh also said that she had to cancel her campaign in pingla area on friday to attend the questioning.
polling will be held in ghatal on may 12.
this is nothing but one more shameless display of the ruling partys use of the state police against political opponents.
tmc has lost popular support and therefore they are afraid, said shishir bajoria, election committee member of the bjp in bengal.
the bjp found support from the cpi-m in bengal over the alleged misuse of the state agencies to target the opposition.
we, too, have many things to say against bharati ghosh, who shared a daughter-mother relation with the chief minister.
we demand the charges against her (ghosh) be properly probed.
but we condemn the timing of the interrogation.
it is evidently a plot to use the state machinery against the opponents, said rabin deb, central committee member of the communist party of india (marxist).
once extremely close to mamata banerjee, ghosh (then superintendent of police of west midnapore district) hailed her as the mother of jangalmahal (former maoist-dominated forested areas of bengal) in 2016.
in march this year, bharati ghosh returned a medal and a certificate for commendable service that chief minister mamata banerjee gave her on august 15, 2014.
in 2018, ghosh spent several months in hiding after the cid slapped cases against her under non-bailable sections.
late last year, she was granted relief by the supreme court following which she emerged from hiding and joined the bjp on february 4.
she joined the bjp in delhi the presence of union minister ravishankarprasad prasad and bjp national general secretary kailash vijayvargiya and alleged that thugocracy replaced democracy in bengal.
ghosh resigned from the police service in 2017 after she was transferred to a less insignificant post.
her relations with mamata soured after local trinamool leaders alleged that she was in league with bjp leaders in west midnapore district.
union law and justice minister ravishankarprasad prasad spoke to kumar uttam about the triple talaq bill, which was introduced in lok sabha again this week.
edited excerpts:q.
what was the urgency to bring the bill in the very beginning of the session?
lok sabha passed this bill twice.
certain concerns about who can complain, and provisions for bail and maintenance allowance were expressed when it was sent to rajya sabha for the first time.
we addressed them and sent to the rajya sabha after making changes, but it lapsed.
it is an important issue and part of our sankalp patra (election manifesto).
what amazes me is the attitude of the congress.
it has nothing to do with religion, and purely a question about womens dignity, empowerment and justice.
q.
what is the argument against it?
they say, once it has been declared as bad, what is the need for a law.
from 2017 to may 31, 2019, 543 issues of triple talaq have been brought to our notice.
of them, 324 are after the supreme court judgment.
uttar pradesh has recorded highest number with 201 cases.
what should these women do?
should they frame the sc judgment and hang it in their home?
they will go to police station and the police will say, sorry, i dont have power.
then we came with a law and framed the ordinance.
thirty-one firs have come to our notice after the ordinance.
this is what we could collect from different sources.
why are you making it a criminal offence?
is the second argument.
questions are asked how they [women] will feed their children.
this is an escapist argument.
dont muslim men and mothers-in-law go to jail under the dowry protection law?
for the congress, led by a distinguished woman leader, to be ambiguous on the issue is shocking to say the least.
q.
the accusation against you is that it is aimed at victimising muslims to get support of hindus.
this argument is unfair.
this matter is in the public realm for more than three years.
the modi government will not backtrack when it comes to social empowerment.
you must see womens empowerment in a larger narrative  the beti bachao beti padhao initiative, women being given the first chance to fly fighter planes, indian women scientists playing a stellar role in mangalyan, so many women colleagues getting important responsibility in the cabinet, and rape laws being made tougher.
triple talaq should not be seen in isolation.
muslim women were suffering for so long.
no one is opposing triple talaq bill, but everyone is coming up with a however.
this however is vote bank politics.
it is time the non-national democratic alliance (nda) and non-bharatiya janata party (bjp) political leadership must come out of that mentality and join the larger narrative of empowerment.
if 22 islamic countries, including pakistan and bangladesh, have regulated triple talaq, why cant india?
q.
why are your allies such as the jd(u) opposing the bill?
we are separate parties.
surely, we will talk to them.
nitish kumar is a great supporter of womens empowerment and i am proud of some of his initiatives, such as giving reservation to women in panchayats.
the larger issue is that polity of the country needs to speak in one voice on this issue.
we need to forge a consensus in the country.
q.
how will this bill see the light of the day when you dont have a majority in the rajya sabha?
leave that to us.
q.
even parties such as the bjd and the aiadmk have reservations.
the prime minister has gently reminded the rajya sabha that today we have got a massive mandate of the people and he rightly quoted an observation of pranab babu [former president pranab mukerjee]  legislation is to propose and oppose but not to obstruct.
i have already taken many of the concerns on board.
let us take this argument about not making triple talaq a criminal offence.
how will it work?
the man will torture his wife with triple talaq, she will go to police station, and the husband will be called and released on bail because the offence is bailable and he will tell his wife get lost.
some degree of deterrence is inherent when you reform these social ills.
q.
are you open to setting up a select committee of the rajya sabha to address these issues?
i have addressed all concerns.
but let me tell you this, i am open for a free and fair discussion even now.
but if a select or standing committee, though respectful institutions, become a plea of further delay, then it is a question to be considered.
i want to know the logic behind this demand to make it non-punitive.
q.
does that mean criminality part of the bill is a non-negotiable for the government?
the whole alibi of the law being taken out from the criminal purview is something which is not a very fair argument to make.
i have told you how numbers are rising even after the supreme court judgment.
my approach is purely social, because all the bodies that are supposed to be societal leaders of the community have failed to address it.
q.
there have been several ordinances on this matter because parliament could not clear the bill.
will there be another ordinance if the rajya sabha does not pass it?
so long as the bill is not passed, the ordinance will be there.
i cannot leave victims midway in the absence of a law.
but, why should this be seen purely from the political prism?
the only argument they are making is please remove penal provision.
that means the victims should put a big frame of the supreme court judgment and thereafter a good frame of the toothless law passed by parliament, and the errant husband continues to practice this sin boldly.
q.
whom do you blame for the delay  the congress or your allies?
congress is an age-old party that ruled the country for more than 55 years, and has itself played a role in social transformative laws of the country.
but, from shah bano to shayara bano, the congress is stuck at the same position in spite of paying such a heavy political cost.
the government of karnataka said on thursday it welcomed a proposal from apple inc to begin initial manufacturing operations in the state, in a sign the tech company is slowly moving forward with plans to assemble iphones in the country.
apples intentions to manufacture in bengaluru will foster cutting edge technology eco system and supply chain development in the state, which are critical for india to compete globally, the karnataka government said in a statement.
a source familiar with the matter told reuters, however, that no deal, or memorandum of understanding had so far been finalised with the karnataka government.
read: apple says ready to make in india, govt considers relaxing normsapple has been asking for sops from the indian government to start making iphones in the country and as well as its own retail chain.
ht had earlier reported that the inter-ministerial panel, which has been constituted specifically to look into the companys claims for sops, saw apple make its presentation in the last week of january and has is yet to take a decision on the matter.
however, union finance minister arun jaitley in his budget speech announced a record figure of rs 745 crore under modified special incentive package scheme (msips) to boost electronic manufacturing.
in a caveat, the government also has proposed a 2  special additional duty on import of pcbs.
pcbs or in simple words printed circuit boards makes up for 20-30  of a smartphones cost and is generally imported as india still doesnt have fabrication units to manufacture them domestically.
the person, who asked not to be named, said if apple did go ahead with plans to begin assembling the iphone, it was likely to do so initially at a plant being set up by its taiwanese manufacturing partner wistron corp at peenya on the outskirts of the tech hub of bengaluru, karnataka.
read: no sweetener for apple to be a part of make-in-indiaapple was not immediately available for comment.
cupertino, california-based apple, is keen to assemble its phones in india, one of the worlds fastest growing smartphone markets.
apple representatives met with central and state government officials in india last week, as it is lobbying hard for a raft of tax and sourcing concessions, before it begins to assemble iphones in the country.
following the meetings, apple said it appreciated the open and constructive dialogue it held with indian officials, around the expansion of its local operations in the country.
read: will iphones get cheaper in india?
govt reserves decision for nowany final decision around manufacturing in india however, is likely to still be contingent on the governments willingness to concede ground on the concessions sought by the company.
last month, information technology minister ravishankarprasad prasad said india would consider apples request for incentives to invest in the country with an open mind.
on its part, the government of karnataka said on thursday it was committed to new initiatives in any sector for manufacturing and will provide a conducive environment for investment.
blaming the higher judiciary for vacancies in the subordinate judiciary, union minister for law and justice ravishankarprasad prasad on monday proposed a national level entrance test for talent infusion into the lower judiciary.
neither the government of india nor the state governments have a role to play in these vacancies, prasad said, as he pointed out to the nearly 5,000 posts of judicial officers lying vacant across the country.
clarifying that he was not pitching for a national level judicial service on the lines of the all-india services like the indian administrative service and indian police service, the minister said the examination would allow the pool of talented young lawyers who graduate every year from national law universities get into the judicial service.
it should be a robust all-india competition to get the best talent, he added.
prasad was speaking at the launch of the website and mobile app for nyaya vikas  a programme launched by the law ministry to monitor the progress of development of judicial infrastructure in real time.
the app and website were developed by the indian space research organisation (isro), using remote sensing technology.
appointments to the lower judiciary in the states are made by the respective high courts either directly or with the help of state public service commissions.
the government has in the past proposed an all-india judicial service involving the union public service commission  a statutory and autonomous body responsible for recruitments to all-india services and military services.
on the differences of top supreme court judges with the chief justice of india that came to the fore with an unprecedented press conference on january 12, prasad said the judiciary had enough foresight and statesmanship to settle the differences within.
i would urge the political process to remain as immune as possible from this process.
judges will come, judges will go, but the institution of judiciary has to remain.
and we must respect their institutional integrity, he said.
without naming the congress, prasad said parties that lost elections were using courts to hit out at the ruling party through sponsored litigation.
the government had recently come under attack by the opposition when it returned a collegium recommendation to elevate uttarakhand high court chief justice km joseph to the supreme court, citing seniority and regional imbalance.
even in the collegium system (of appointing judges), the right of the government to seek reconsideration and provide inputs is recognised, prasad asserted.
lok sabha on thursday passed a law making the practice of instant triple talaq illegal and punishable with up to three years in jail for the husband.
the muslim women (protection of rights on marriage) bill 2019, popularly known as the triple talaq bill will now have to clear the rajya sabha hurdle before it can become a law.
the triple talaq ban is currently being enforced through an ordinance since a bill similar to the present one couldnt be passed in the upper house during the tenure of the 16th lok sabha.
watch | triple talaq bill cleared by lok sabha after fiery debatefollow live updates here.
narendra modi government introduced a fresh bill making triple talaq illegal, void and penal -- in june this year after its re-election in may 2019.
initiating the debate on the bill after placing it for consideration, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said the law was necessary since the practice hadnt stopped despite a two-year-old supreme court order declaring it illegal.
574 cases of talaq-e-biddat had been reported by the media since january 2017, prasad said.
the law was needed to achieve gender equality and justice and shouldnt be viewed from the narrow prism of religion, prasad went on to argue while hitting out at the critics of the bill.
the new bill has safeguards such as the provision of bail for the accused before commencement of trial aimed to prevent possible misuse of the law.
a provision has been added to allow the magistrate to grant bail after hearing the wife, prasad said.
earlier, during the debate, the opposition demanded removal of the penal provision calling it discriminatory to the muslim husband.
opposition parties also claimed that the 3-year jail term was not just disproportionate but was also counter-productive.
some other critics suggested that the bill only targeted muslim women when the problem of abandoning-wives was not unique to the community.
the congress party said while it opposed triple talaq it couldnt support the bill in its current discriminatory form as it singled out muslim men and women.
partys mp from assam, gaurav gogoi said the government should have brought a comprehensive bill to empower women from all religions and sections.
trinamool congress mp sudip bandyopadhyay demanded that the 3-year jail term provision-- which he called arbitrary and excessivebe dropped.
a jailed husband can neither support his family nor give maintenance to his separated wife, he added while demanding that the bill be referred to a joint select committee.
minority affairs minister mukhtar abbas naqvi said the argument against 3-year jail term was specious and mischievous as it sought to side with the guilty.
those who do not refrain from triple talaq deserve to be jailed, he said.
all the major islamic countries had banned triple talaq and therefore it couldnt be argued that even a religious ground existed for opposing it, he added.
nda ally jd(u) decided to abstain from voting on the triple talaq bill.
party mp rajiv ranjan singh said, his party was fundamentally opposed to any interference on triple talaq and feared the bill may breed mistrust within the muslim community.
the government should instead try to awaken the community to womens rights, he said, adding that despite being a part of the nda, his party had divergent views on controversial issues including common civil code and article 370.
indiaupdated: jul 30, 2019 20:57 istprime minister narendra modi thanked all parties and mps who supported the passage of triple talaq bill for rising to the occasion in order to correct a historical wrong done to muslim women, moments after the legislation crossed the rajya sabha hurdle on tuesday with 99 votes in its favour.
prime minister narendra modi, in his tweet, also called it a victory of gender justice that will further equality in society.
an archaic and medieval practice has finally been confined to the dustbin of history!
parliament abolishes triple talaq and corrects a historical wrong done to muslim women.
this is a victory of gender justice and will further equality in society.
india rejoices today!
he said in his first tweet.
watch: triple talaq bill passes rajya sabha hurdle as jdu & aiadmk abstainhis second tweet on the issue expressed his gratitude for all those who supported the bill.
i thank all parties and mps who have supported the passage of the muslim women (protection of rights on marriage) bill, 2019 in both houses of parliament.
they have risen to the occasion and this step of theirs will forever be remembered in indias history.
union home minister amit shah, who piloted the triple talaq bill congratulated the prime minister for fulfilling his commitment that was likely to free muslim women from the curse of a regressive practice.
today is a great day for indias democracy.
i congratulate pm @narendramodi ji for fulfilling his commitment and ensuring a law to ban triple talaq, which will free muslim women from the curse of this regressive practice, amit shah tweeted.
the triple talaq bill, passed thrice by the lok sabha, cleared its toughest test in the rajya sabha on tuesday when some parties opposed to the law such as nitish kumars jd(u) and the aiadmk decided to abstain from voting.
their absence brought down the effective strength of the 240-member rajya sabha and the majority mark, making it possible to pass the muslim women (protection of rights on marriage) bill, 2019 with 99 members in its support.
law minister ravishankarprasad prasad showed the victory sign as he emerged out of parliament.
union ministers nitin gadkari and vk singh said it was a historic day.
the bill outlaws instant triple talaq and provisions for three years jail for violators.
the ban, which is already in force through an ordinance, has been a top priority for the nda government.
it was the first bill introduced in parliament after the nda government was re-elected to power.
the maharashtra police claim to have unearthed separate maoists plots to purportedly assassinate prime minister narendra modi in a rajiv gandhi-type incident during one of his road shows and targeting state chief minister devendra fadnavis for initiating operations against rebels.
in a submission before a local court on thursday, the pune police said it had found a letter in the computer of delhi-based activist rona jacob wilson, one of the five accused of inciting violence in bhima koregaon, detailing a plan to kill the pm.
the letter addressed to one comrade prakash by another person identified by the letter r, and sent last april, raised concerns over the modi-led bjp winning 15 states and talks of procuring weapons and ammunition worth rs 8 crore.
we are thinking along the lines of another rajiv gandhi-type incident, the letter read, adding, targeting his (modis) road shows could be an effective strategy.
public prosecutor ujjwala pawar told the court that the letter revealed a plot to kill someone and did not name any leader.
punes joint commissioner of police ravindra kadam said the letter is one of the documents found by the pune police team.
also read: plot to assassinate pm modi?
maoists letter suggests rajiv gandhi-type incident, say policereacting to the police claim, justice (retired) bg kolse patil, a member of elgar parishad that organised the bhima koregaon event on january 1, said: the government wants to crush the voices which are opposing them.
he got the backing of union social justice minister and dalit leader ramdas athawale who said the parishad had no maoist connection.
defence counsel tosif c shaikh, who appeared for two of the five suspects, said case against arrested persons is fabricated.
the police by selectively leaking letters are trying to create a fabricated case against the five persons.
both the congress and the bjp sought an investigation into the matter while home minister rajnath singh said the government is serious about the pms security and that the maoists were fighting a losing battle.
law minister ravishankarprasad prasad termed the reported plot to kill modi as disturbing and expressed hope that a prompt investigation would expose the conspiracy.
congress chief spokesperson randeep singh surjewala tweeted: terrorism, naxalism and extremism are unacceptable.
.
.
a fair investigation, bereft of politics, is the need of the hour.
3/3terrorism, naxalism & extremism are unacceptable.
no one knows it better then the congress, which sacrificed mahatama gandhi, indiraji & rajivji besides s.beant singh,shuklaji & nand kumar patel among others.
a fair investigation, bereft of politics, is the need of the hour.
randeep singh surjewala (@rssurjewala) june 8, 2018at an event in mumbai, fadnavis said that the police has came across an internal communication from a frontal naxal commander to someone else talking about a module on the lines of rajiv gandhis assassination to eliminate modi.
this communication is being investigated and it will be submitted at the right time in the court, said fadnavis.
on friday, maharashtra strengthened the security of fadnavis after his office received two anonymous letters last month threatening the cm and his family with reference to a recent encounter in gadchiroli in which 39 alleged maoists were killed by a joint team of security forces comprising c60 commandos and the central reserve police force (crpf).
the two letters were received on may 13 and may 18.
while one letter is from communist party of india (maoist) central committee, the other is from communist party of india (maoist) dandkaranya special zone committee.
both were handed over to senior police officials by the cmo, said an official from the chief ministers office.
union minister of law and electronics ravishankarprasad prasad wears many hats.
he is a reputed lawyer, rajya sabha mp, bjps national executive member, the partys national spokesperson, and one of the worlds 20 most influential leader in digital and e-government.
this election year, he is set to add another feather to his hat as he plunges into the electoral battle for a lok sabha seat.
he is the bjps candidate from patna sahib, a seat held for the last two terms by his friend-turned-political rival, shatrughan sinha, who is joining congress.
during the course of hectic campaigning schedule and meeting people in the state capital, prasad spoke to hindustan times on issues pertaining to polls, his party and his achievements as a member of modis cabinet.
q: this is going to be your first electoral battle?
are your nervous?
a: though i have been a member of the upper house of parliament for long, i have always remained connected to people through various party assignments in different states across india.
i started my career as student leader, remained associated with rashtriya swayamsevak sangh and abvp for many years and held various posts in both the organisations.
there are two types of leaders.
one is hoisted from aboveand the other, like me, who has risen from the ranks.
myfirst political role was that of a booth agent in 1971.
i am a son of the soil, have my home and family members here and keep visiting my home town regularly, meeting people to share theirhappiness and sorrows.
i have been in-charge of eight states of india of my party.
the states have extended from tamil nadu to north-east, bengal, bihar, up and uttarakhand.
q:though congress has not announced its candidate from patna sahib as yet, there is little doubt it would your former friend-turned-political rival shatrughan sinha, who is a veteran in electoral polls now.
what do you have to say about him?
a: i do not comment on individuals.
all i can say is that it is a contest between hope and opportunism.
india of 2019 is not the india of 90s where prime ministers were for four-six months.
the days of deve gowda and gujarals are over.
here, on one hand, there is narendra modi as pm, a leader, a cohesive nda.
on the contrary, who is the leader of opposition, nobody knows.
therefore, the theatre of absurd that we witnessed in kolkata, where everybody is fighting against each other, shows the rank opportunism.
this is not the calling of india of 2019.
q:how do you rate bjps chances in bihar and pan-india?
a: historic!
i am sure bjp will get majority and along with its allies it will be historic majority.
in bihar, dont be surprised as things are slipping out of mahaghatbandhan (grand alliance).
we will get 40 out of 40.
q: in bihar, is caste going to be a deciding factor or is it development?
a: caste is going to be a factor but development will override it.
q:you are a staunch advocate for integrity.
do you think the government in bihar fits the bill on integrity count?
a: yes indeed, without fail.
that is why, he (nitish kumar) came back.
he did not compromise on it and walked off (referring to the ga, which nitish was part of in 2015 polls).
q: you believe coalition governments in india will survive?
a: the genuine coalitions will survive for sure.
coalition has three rules.
it must have a major party, trust and common ability in programmes.
all three ingredients are in nda.
on the contrary, there is a nibbling scenario in opposition.
q:what have you to offer to voter of patna sahib?
a: patna sahib ke logo ki awaz ab khamosh nahi hoongi.
(the voice of patna sahib voters will not get suppressed any more).
q:will the air strikes on terrorist camps in pakistan help bjp?
a: air strikes are additional bounty.
people of india have always realized to re-electmodiji to put india ondevelopment agenda.
not even a single country questioned air strikes except my friends in opposition.
q: as a central minister, what have been your big achievements?
a: my achievements are part of larger narratives of transformation of india that has happened under modiji.
india today is fastest growing economy.
india today is emerging as a globally recognized digital power.
india today is extraordinarily doing in terms of infrastructural reforms.
and long term reforms like bankruptcy codes to gst to whole range of other issues.
q:why should people vote for narendra modi?
a: india of 2019 is a different india.
it is recognized as a global power.
loc is no more sacrosanct.
modi is recognized as a global leader.
this election is not a municipal or local or gram panchayat election.
it is an election to elect indias future.
indias first anti-human trafficking law should have provision to penalise commercial carriers and transport companies if they fail to ensure that people travelling to the country are carrying requisite travel documents, union urban affairs minister hardeep singh puri has recommended.
the provision exists in the un protocol to prevent, suppress and punish trafficking persons, especially women and children, supplementing the un convention against transnational organised crimes, which puts the onus on commercial carriers in ensuring that passengers are in possession of requisite travel documents.
india is a signatory to the un convention.
in a letter to law minister ravishankarprasad prasad last week, puri has highlighted how certain critical features of the un protocol are missing from the proposed domestic law.
puri is part of the group of ministers (gom) set up to review the anti human-trafficking billthe un protocol provides trafficking against women, along with minors be given due recognition.
the current proposal, while adequately addressing tracking of minors, does not provide the same salience to crimes against women, says puris letter, a copy of which has been reviewed by ht.
besides, article 6, section (1) of the un protocol states that each state party shall protect the privacy and identity of victims of trafficking persons.
the proposed bill is silent on the need to secure the identity of victims, puris letter notes.
the draft trafficking of persons (prevention, protection and rehabilitation) bill, 2017, piloted by the union women and child development (wcd) ministry, proposes punishment of up to 14 years for traffickers, measures to rehabilitate victims, and the mandatory registration of placement agencies that recruit and place domestic help.
in a first, it also treats a trafficked person pushed into prostitution as a victim, instead of the prevalent practice of treating them as criminals like the traffickers and facing jail term of up to seven years.
the bill was referred to a four-member gom, headed by external affairs minister sushma swaraj last month when it came up for approval before the cabinet.
it was referred to the gom after swaraj and puri flagged incongruities in the bill, said a senior government official familiar with the development.
wcd minister maneka gandhi and law minister ravishankarprasad prasad are the other two members of the gom.
once the gom gives its report, we will go to the cabinet for approval, said a senior wcd ministry official who did not want to be quoted.
minorities affairs minister mukhtar abbas naqvi hosted an iftar for muslim women at his official residence in new delhi on wednesday.
naqvis iftar  the only one by a minister in the bjp-led government  was attended by a host of his cabinet colleagues including home minister rajnath singh and law minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
union ministers prakash javadekar, smriti irani, harshvardhan and mj akbar were among those who trooped in shortly after the conclusion of the council of ministers meeting chaired by prime minister modi.
asked for his comment on the event hosted by gandhi, naqvi said while the congress was trying to use iftar for political engineering, this is an occasion that shows the government is working for the people.
naqvis office also used the occasion to distribute books on initiatives taken by the ministry in the last four years.
naqvi said nearly 400 muslim women from delhi and uttar pradesh had been invited.
muslim womens empowerment is our governments stated goal.
this is a major step in that direction, the bjp leader said.
a number of women present at the event were those who had been divorced by their husbands through talaq-e-biddat or instant triple talaq that the central government intends to make a punishable offence under the law, even after the supreme court struck down the practice as void last year.
speaking to reporters, prasad said the proposed law was brought in by the government for the dignity of indian women.
he later said in a tweet, it was so assuring to see large number of muslim women demanding justice from unconstitutional practice of triple talaq who repeatedly asked me to get the law regarding this passed soon (sic).
we have come here to raise the issue of loss of livelihood among a number of muslim families due to closure of slaughterhouses, shaista amber, president of the all india women personal law board, said.
a 150-year-old law providing for collection of toll from steamers and boats plying on river ganga to improve navigation and another seeking to prevent dissemination of publications harmful to the youth, are among the 105 redundant acts that could be repealed in the coming days.
according to the repealing and amending bill 2017 introduced in the lok sabha on thursday by law minister ravishankarprasad prasad, the laws which amended the unlawful activities (prevention) act and the ones dealing with salaries and pensions of the president and the vice-president will also be repealed.
read: parliament live: uproar in rajya sabha over pms remark, house adjourned till noonthe ganges tolls act, 1867 which provided for collecting toll not exceeding 12 annas on certain boats and steamers plying on the ganga to improve navigation of the river between allahabad (up) and dinapore (bihar) is also in the list of laws which are to be repealed.
in 1993, the law commission had recommended its repeal.
a 165-year-old law which enabled remunerating the sheriffs of calcutta, madras and bombay for executing court orders is also heading for the chopping block.
the 105 laws which would be repealed once the bill is passed by parliament, include 2008 amendments to the unlawful activities (prevention) act, the presidents emoluments and pension act, the vice-presidents pension act, the sheriffs fees act, 1852 and the young persons (harmful publications) act, 1956.
a two-member committee constituted by the pmo, the law commission and the legislative department had identified 1824 redundant and obsolete central acts for repeal.
read: bjp vs congress: 8 flashpoints from intolerance to fair and lovelyfour acts have so far been enacted to repeal 1175 central laws between may, 2014 and august, 2016 by parliament.
of the 1824 acts, 227 including appropriation acts enacted by the parliament for the states under presidents rule have been identified for repeal by the respective state governments.
various ministries have also disagreed to the repealing of about 139 acts due to various reasons.
the government has reserved its decision on giving apple sops to start its manufacturing plant in india for now as apple top executives presented a detailed plan of its entry into india.
according to top officials in the commerce ministry, apple in its presentation asked for sops like freigh subsidy, waiver of import duties and export subsidy.
an inter-ministerial committee on wednesday was expected to decide if your apple iphone and ipad will get cheaper.
apple has asked for sops from the government to start manufacturing in india and analysts along with industry leaders see this as an opportunity to lure big telecom equipment manufacturers to india.
how will the iphone get cheaper?
simple, if apple starts locally assembling or making earphones, adapters (chargers) and batteries then it will only pay 2  of import subsidy rather than 12.
5  that it pays to bring them the accessories to india.
read: apple may make in india, but with more incentivesalso if it assembles phones in india, it will only pay 1  duty on the finished iphone rather than 12.
5 .
so essentially if the iphone is priced at rs 60,000, then as per 12.
5  duty, apple is expected to pay rs 7,500.
but if it locally makes the device, then it pays only rs 600.
the differential duty structure will indirectly benefit consumers and apple will be able to pass on most or rather the full rs 6,900 balance to indian consumers.
if the government gives apple sops, then simply your apple devices prices will come down, a top industry expert told ht.
read: macbook launch: will the new pcs cure apples achilles heel in india?
though india is still keen for the u.s. tech giant to produce its signature smartphones here.
information technology minister ravishankarprasad prasad recently said that india would keep an open mind in negotiations.
we will very much like apple to come and have a base in india, he said.
but apple inc has a long list of incentives and tax sops that it wants before it starts manufacturing in india.
three departments within the indian government are looking into apple incs list of demands.
they are: the department of industrial production and promotion, department of revenue and department of information and technology.
this panel will take a final decision on apples demands on wednesday.
read: apples improved ios to change iphone experienceapple has been looking for several duty and tax incentives for manufacturing handsets in india, but the government is unlikely to make any exception for one company, said a top official in one of the departments mentioned above.
speaking to ht on conditions of anonymity, the official said that any exception for the iphone manufacturer will defeat the purpose of an integrated policy such as make-in-india.
apple wants more incentives from the government under the make in india.
local manufacturing will help apple open retail stores in the country.
taiwans hon hai precision industry co ltd (foxconn), which makes apple devices, has a manufacturing facility in southern india.
read: apple leads in smartphone profits with 91  share, samsung not in top fiveapple wants higher exemptions since there are not many high-end phone-component makers in india to buy from, said another government official, who did not wish to be named.
the company will have to manufacture the components in india, and it has to meet international standards.
apple ceo tim cook has said that the company was looking at india as the next big market.
apple was not in india for a year or two, instead 100s of years, cook said during his visit to india earlier in the year.
the government already offers several initiatives, including differential duty structure, modified special incentive package scheme (msips) and zero-duty on import of all components except adapters, batteries and headsets, for global and local manufacturers, under make in india.
read: indias loss, americas gain?
apple may shift iphone factory to usaimed at promoting electronic manufacturing, msips provides capital subsidy of 20  in special economic zones (sezs) and 25  in non-sezs, in the form of reimbursement of excise for capital equipment.
for high-capital investment projects, it also provides for reimbursement of central taxes and duties.
however, apple seems dissatisfied with just these benefits.
a person in the know of things said that india is now being compared to manufacturing destinations like vietnam and china.
earlier, the tim cook-led company had sought relaxation of local sourcing norms under the shield of state-of-the-art and cutting edge technology providers.
read: nokia has sued apple in 11 countries.
here is whya foreign brand looking to open single-brand retail stores in india is mandated to source 30  from indian manufacturers for a minimum period of three years.
with prime minister narendra modis intervention, apple is likely to see a relaxation on this.
apple wants higher exemptions since there are not many high-end phone-component makers in india to buy from, said a government official, who did not wish to be named.
the company will have to manufacture the components in india, and it has to meet international standards.
competitors such as south koreas samsung electronics and chinas xiaomi have already set up manufacturing in the country.
read: apple cuts iphone 6s, 6s plus prices by rs 22,000 ahead of iphone 7 launchin may 2016, modi and cook agreed to work towards a package of four projects: assembling iphones, opening apple stores, importing certified pre-owned iphones and refurbishing them in india, according to the letter.
apple said its initial focus was to set up manufacturing of iphones in india over two phases, the first of which was to be introduced by spring this year.
the government today said there was no serious impact in the country due to a global ransomware cyber attack, except for a few isolated incidents in kerala and andhra pradesh.
it minister ravishankarprasad prasad said the systems run by the national informatics centre were secured and running smoothly.
there is no major impact in india unlike other countries.
we are keeping a close watch.
as per the information received so far, there have been isolated incidents in limited areas in kerala and andhra pradesh, prasad told reporters here.
india is on high alert, monitoring critical networks across sectors like banking, telecom, power and aviation to ensure that systems are protected in the wake of reports of possible cyber attack by ransomware wannacry on the countrys vital networks.
wannacry has disrupted networks in over 150 countries, including russia and the uk, and is being termed as one of the most widespread cyber attacks in the history.
reports suggest that over two lakh systems globally could have been infected by the malicious software.
indias cyber security unit cert-in earlier said it has not received any formal report of cyber attack on indias vital networks.
everything seems to be normal, so far.
no reports have come to cert-in.
we have been in touch with microsoft and others.
.
.
even they have not got any reports, indian computer emergency response team (cert-in) director general sanjay bahl told pti.
ransomware is a malicious software that blocks access to data unless a ransom is paid.
indiaupdated: aug 13, 2019 01:00 istthe bharatiya janata party on monday took on congress leader p chidambaram for his comment on jammu and kashmir, and said that the congress leader was trying to give the issue a communal colour and his comment was very irresponsible and provocative.
chidambaram had said that the union government revoked article 370 in j&k, stripping it of its special status since it is a muslim-dominated state.
he said that had it been a hindu state, j&k would have been untouched.
he was speaking at an event in chennai on sunday.
union law and information technology minister ravishankarprasad prasad said that the former home minister was making a very irresponsible statement.
the decision taken by the government is in the interest of the people of j&k.
is it not true that over 42,000 people, mostly muslims, had died in the valley during decades of violence, prasad said.
defending the governments kashmir move, union minority affairs minister mukhtar abbas naqvi said that the government has rectified a very big mistake made decades ago by the congress.
what chidambaram has said is an attempt to give communal colour to the issue even though the decision is in national interest, he said.
shivraj singh chouhan said the congress was giving the issue a communal angle.
it is the congresss narrow mindedness that it is looking at the issue through a hindu-muslim prism, said the for- mer madhya pradesh chief minister.
addressing a press conference in indore, union information and broadcasting minister prakash javadekar accused the congress of doing injustice with minorities and other communities in jammu and kashmir during its long stay in power.
he said,  such arguments have no meaning now.
the congress should tell us why minorities in jammu and kashmir were not given the rights to run educational institutions and why justice was not done to the sanitary workers during its 70- year rule?
with hardly 20 days left for the assembly polls, congress is yet to come up with its list of star campaigners even as the bjp has released a heavyweight list of over 40 star campaigners including prime minister narendra modi and partys national president amit shah.
the list of star campaigners submitted by bjps national general secretary arun singh to the election commission on january 24 for poll-bound uttarakhand also include union ministers rajnath singh, arun jaitley, manohar parrikar, nitin gadkari, ravishankarprasad prasad, uma bharti and smriti irani among others.
it features at least 15 prominent bjp leaders from uttarakhand like former chief ministers bhuwan chandra khanduri, bhagat singh koshyari and ramesh pokhriyal nishank.
the list also includes three former congress leaders who are now in the bjp - ex cm vijay bahuguna and former cabinet ministers yashpal arya and harak singh rawat.
the saffron party will also bring two film celebrities  hema malini and manoj tiwari  both of whom are actors-turned-parliamentarians.
largely dependent on the gandhi family for its campaigning, congress is yet to announce its star campaigners for the february 15 polls.
mathura dutt joshi, state congress chief spokesperson, said the party had drawn up a draft list of around 31 leaders whom it wants to bring to uttarakhand as its star-campaigners.
we have sent the list to our central leadership for their consent.
.
.
some more names may be added (to the list) by them.
we hope to release the names soon so that campaigning can start in a big way, joshi told ht.
besides sonia and rahul gandhi  congress national president and vice president respectively  the partys list is likely to include all india congress committee general secretary ambika soni (who is also the partys state in charge), besides politicians jyotiraditya scindia, sachin pilot and manish tewari and also leaders from uttarakhand.
the bjp is trying to take undue political advantage by bringing its union ministers to uttarakhand as it is desperately looking to seize power in the state, joshi alleged.
the opposition bjp, however, retorted by alleging that congress party was bereft of leadership.
we have taken a clear lead over the congress, right from announcing our candidates to our star campaigners.
we have many stalwarts so we are utilising them.
.
.
what does congress have?
they do not have many options (for star campaigners) and their allegation is only a case of sour grapes, state bjp spokesperson vinay goyal told ht.
in october, when elections were hardly in the mind of the public, prime minister narendra modi made a passionate appeal from a public platform in poll-bound up to stop injustice towards muslim women.
it is the responsibility of the government and the people of the country  lives of muslim women cannot be allowed to be ruined by triple talaq, he said while advocating a ban on the islamic practice of divorce by uttering the word talaq thrice.
three weeks before modis parivartan rally, the law commission had issued an appeal on october 7, inviting all stakeholders to give their suggestions on all possible models and templates of the uniform civil code (ucc).
one of the 16 questions asked was: should the practice of triple talaq be abolished in toto, retained the custom or retained with suitable amendments.
read | woman asks court to consider consensual triple talaaq as divorcethe move kicked off a countrywide debate with the all india muslim personal law board refusing to participate in any conversation with the commission.
however, as modi had said the emotive issue should not be politicised, the clerics shifted their focus to the impending legal battle maintaining that courts cannot scrutinise the muslim personal law as they follow the koran.
the debate on personal law vs constitution was picking up when triple talaq found its way into the election manifesto of the bjp for uttar pradesh, a state with 19  muslim population with high (40 ) to moderate (25 ) concentration in west up, polling on february 11 and 15.
read | smriti irani slams congress, sp over womens safety issuethe manifesto promised that the bjp government would take the opinion of muslim women and present it in the supreme court.
personal laws fall in the concurrent list and both state and centre can legislate leading to scepticism in the community.
adding fuel to fire were statements displaying bjps commitment to end the evil social practice.
what seems to have piqued the community is the bjps silence on other contentious issues  female infanticide was raised by modi himself at the same rally.
socially, the burning issues of honour killing, riots, rape and rehabilitation, and the political issue of quota for women in legislatures and parliament have not found mention in bjps manifesto.
and while projecting itself as a benefactor of muslim women, the bjp has not fielded even a single candidate from the community, less so a woman.
now, bjp ministers are strategically pushing the emotional issue of triple talaq, much to the consternation of the community.
read | govt may take steps to ban triple talaq after up polls: ravishankarprasad prasadunion minister smriti irani tried to corner the samajwadi party and congress leaders asking them to spell out their stand on the emotive issue.
akhilesh yadav and rahul gandhi refused to react as its a non-issue in the elections.
union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said it was not a religious issue and pertained to womens dignity, justice and equality.
he listed 20 islamic countries that either restricted or abolished it, whereas india was not even willing to discuss and debate it.
the community was hardly amused.
instead, the all india muslim women personal law board petitioned the election commission of india demanding action against the bjp for exploiting the triple talaq issue for political interests.
its chairperson shaista amber wants a ban on triple talaq but condemns the bjp for making it a poll issue.
thats the general mood of the community.
muslim clerics define it as a threat to indias pluralism and diversity; new age muslims denounce the practice but prefer to keep it out of the realm of politics.
read | in ghaziabad, mayawati plays reservation, minority cardthis burgeoning class of young muslims is not averse to online fatwas and five-star islam, they dont depend on local mosques for their knowledge on islam but they also dont want politics on triple talaq.
they see the ucc bogey as an effort to discipline muslims instead of developing them.
some surveys reveal that despite focus on triple talaq that manifests their vulnerability, muslim women are increasingly taking to entrepreneurship.
and they want modi to keep his words, koran in one hand and laptop in the other.
they support a ban on triple talaq but are not for a party advocating it.
thus, the bjps attempt to divide the community to create a vote-bank is only strengthening its resolve to vote them out.
the ucc is bjps trumpeted electoral promise and though it helps in building a majoritarian public opinion, it fails to garner votes.
can it be a polarising issue?
triple talaq lacks the polarising zing of issues like cow slaughter, love jihad and migration, primarily because it does not socially or economically impact the hindus directly.
read | ram bhakts did whatever happened in ayodhya: yogi adityanaththe community refuses to react or revolt the way it did in the case of love jihad.
its not an issue discussed on the streets and academic circles.
instead, its a legal battle.
in fact, making light of it, asaduddin owaisi even gave triple talaq an interesting turn saying people of the state have decided to divorce modi, akhilesh and the congress.
why is the bjp making a poll issue out of a non-issue then?
perhaps to take forward their 2014 commitment on a uniform civil code.
the income tax department on tuesday slapped a penalty of rs 10,000 on rjd chief lalu prasads mp daughter misa bharti for non-compliance of summons and issued her fresh summons in connection with its probe in the rs 1,000 crore alleged benami land deals and tax evasion case.
bharti was supposed to appear before the investigating officer (io) of the case on tuesday but officials said she failed to keep the date.
the io has levied a penalty of rs 10,000 against her for non-compliance of summons under section 131 of the income tax act with a show cause notice to her in this regard, officials said.
she has now been asked to appear before the io on june 12, officials said, adding the departments queries in this case were to be answered by bharti and not by any of her authorised representatives.
they said the summons required bharti to appear in person today and join the investigation along with some personal financial documents.
it was not clear if bharti gave any reasons to the department for her non-appearance or she sent a lawyer to represent herself, which was rejected by the department.
bhartis husband, shailesh kumar, has also been summoned in the same case by the department for tomorrow.
the department wants to question the couple to take the probe further in this case, where the taxman had conducted multiple searches last month.
a chartered accountant, rajesh kumar agrawal, allegedly linked to bharti and others, was also arrested by the enforcement directorate (ed) on may 22.
agrawal is alleged to have aided in illegal transactions involving lalus kin.
officials have earlier said that the summons to bharti and kumar were part of the probe in the case and their statements will be recorded.
the couple allegedly have links with a firm -- ms mishail packers and printers private limited-- which is suspected to have entered into benami deals for purchase of a farm house in delhis bijwasan area.
certain other property deals were also under the scanner of the taxman, they had said.
the department is expected to slap provisions of the newly-enacted benami transactions act, 1988, which became operational from november 1 last year, in this case.
the law provides for a maximum punishment of seven years in jail and a fine.
the action under the new law will be over and above the legal proceedings under the income tax act, 1961, which relates to charges of domestic tax evasion.
benami properties are those in which the real beneficiary is not the one in whose name the property has been purchased.
tax department officials had said lalus kin held some of the properties under their scanner in a benami way.
the rjd chief, however, had sought to put up a brave face after the raids, saying he was not scared at all and will continue to fight against fascist forces.
bjp mein himmat nahi hai ki lalu ki awaz ko daba sake.
.
.
lalu ki awaz dabayenge to desh bhar me karoron lalu khare ho jayenge.
.
.
main gidarbhabhki se nahi darne wala hoon (bjp does not have the courage to stifle my voice.
.
.
if it tries to silence one lalu, crores of lalu will come forward.
i am not scared of empty threats), he had said in a series of tweets after the search operation.
the bjp had also accused lalu, bharti and his two sons tejashwi and tej pratap, both ministers in the bihar government, of involvement in corrupt land deals worth over rs 1,000 crore, and asked the central government to probe one such transaction in delhi.
union minister ravishankarprasad prasad had alleged that these transactions were a case of quid pro quo, suggesting that money was paid in return for favour, as they dated back to the period when lalu was the railway minister, and dared bihar chief minister nitish kumar to take action against him.
lalus rjd is a constituent of bihars ruling coalition led by kumar.
lalus official residence was the address of the owners of the firms allegedly floated by his family members, ravishankarprasad prasad had said.
riding the modi wave, the national democratic alliance (nda) pulled off a landslide victory in bihar, winning 39 out of the total 40 lok sabha seats in the state, and swept 12 of the 14 lok sabha seats in jharkhand.
in bihar, the nda handed a crushing defeat to the five-party grand alliance, which won just one seat, the muslim-dominated kishanganj where jd-us candidate was defeated by congresss.
in 2014, the nda had won 31 seats in bihar.
in jharkhand, seven of the bjp candidates trounced their nearest rivals of the opposition grand alliance by a margin of more than 2.
5 lakh votes.
the partys new candidate from ranchi, sanjay seth, humbled the congress candidate and former union minister subodh kant sahay by a margin of more than 2.
75 lakh votes.
the modi wave also dominated in the jmm citadel of dumka, from where the party chief and eight-term parliamentarian shibu soren was worsted by bjps sunil soren.
hailing the results, chief minister nitish kumar said, the mandate is a bigger responsibility on us.
people of bihar have expressed their feelings in the form of their votes.
we would now be more committed to the development of state and its people.
he reiterated his resolve to get bihar the special state status soon.
we had predicted wining more seats than we did in 2014.
it has come true.
i am extremely thankful to the people of bihar.
i also wish to thank nitish kumar and ram vilas paswan, who ensured that our workers worked together and properly transferred votes to ensure ndas triumph, said deputy chief minister and senior bjp leader sushil modi.
also read: with 100  strike rate, nitish kumar seals position as leader no.
1 in biharafter rjds complete rout  it did not win a single lok sabha seat in 2019, compared to four seats bagged in 2014  leader of the opposition in bihar, tejashwi prasad yadav, on thursday said that his party would introspect and continue to fight for upholding the ideology of mahatma gandhi, jayaprakash narayan, ram manohar lohia, and jannayak karpoori thakur.
he tweeted, by accepting the peoples mandate, i extend my congratulations to prime minister narendra modi for the emphatic win of the bjp-led nda.
i hope pm modi would live up to the expectations of people by focusing on employment generation, agriculture, development and economy.
union minister ram kripal yadav, who defeated misa bharti from pataliputra, said people of bihar had eventually realised that only a government led by narendra modi could ensure development for all sections of the society and do good for the nation and them.
shatrughan sinha said while there had been several complaints about theft of votes from various states, including bihar, he would raise such issues later at an opportune moment.
i congratulate my friend and prime minister narendra modi, master strategist bjp national president amit shah and my family friend ravishankarprasad prasad for their triumph.
i hope that prasad would exploit his sources and resources to make patna a smart city, he said.
indiaupdated: jul 30, 2019 20:38 istthe triple talaq bill, passed thrice by the lok sabha, cleared its toughest test in the rajya sabha on tuesday when some parties opposed to the law such as nitish kumars party and the aiadmk decided to abstain from voting.
their absence from voting helped bring down the effective strength of the 240-member rajya sabha and the majority mark.
the opposition demand to send the bill to a select committee was rejected with only 84 members voting for it, 100 against.
the triple talaq bill was passed soon after with 99 members in support.
law minister ravishankarprasad prasad showed the victory sign as he emerged out of parliament.
today is a historic day.
both the houses have given justice to the muslim women.
this is the beginning of a transforming india, prasad told reporters.
watch: triple talaq bill passes rajya sabha hurdle as jdu & aiadmk abstainthe bill, which outlaws instant triple talaq, stipulates three years jail for violations.
the ban is already in force through an ordinance but has been a top priority for the nda government.
it was the first bill introduced in parliament after the nda government was re-elected to power.
the muslim women (protection of rights on marriage) bill, first brought to parliament nearly 19 months back, had been stuck due to the opposition in the rajya sabha where the national democratic alliance did not have a majority.
the nda was still short on numbers.
but helped by the oppositions depleted strength in parliament, the bharatiya janata party-led government got the contentious law through by persuading some friendly parties to either back the bill or abstain from voting.
bashishtha narain singh of the janata dal united set the tone early in the debate, telling the rajya sabha that his party was against the law and would stay away from the discussion.
hum iss ka bahishkar karte hain (we boycott this bill), singh said.
his party has six members.
the aiadmk, which faced a backlash after its lawmaker supported the triple talaq law in the lok sabha, extensively spoke against the bill.
a navaneethakrishnan, the aiadmks rajya sabha floor leader, who demanded that the bill be sent to a select committee in the house, told news agency ani later that his party was against the legislation and so, would walk out of rajya sabha during voting on the bill.
that would bring down the strength of the house, and the majority mark.
naveen patnaiks biju janata dal, on the other hand, has supported the legislation.
prasanna acharya told the house that his party had once opposed the bill but had since revised its position because the government had amended some of the provisions to address concerns that it had raised.
acharya did have some concerns and requested the minister to address them in his speech.
union minister ravishankarprasad prasad initiated the discussion on the bill, stressing that the members should not look at it from the prism of politics and vote bank.
this is a question of justice for women and their empowerment this is a matter of gender justice, dignity and equality, the minister said initiating the discussion on the bill that has been already cleared by the lok sabha.
congress lawmaker amee yajnik said she supported the bill but not the criminalization angle in it.
she said the disputes should not be referred to a magistrates court but a family court in the interest of a womans dignity.
minorities minister mukhtar abbas naqvi had alluded to the changing power equation in the rajya sabha when he recalled how the congress had hijacked the house on the strength of its numbers and blocked the bill.
prime minister narendra modi will lay down the modi doctrine on indian foreign policy as he inaugurates the second raisina hill dialogues on january 17 with uk foreign minister boris johnson, nepalese foreign minister prakash sharan mahat, and a host of politicians and military leaders brainstorming in the capital.
the raisina hill dialogues will have participation of over 250 people from 65 nations and will end on january 19.
top government sources told hindustan times that pm modi apparently sent his confirmation to speak at the dialogue on wednesday, with his speech expected to focus on economic integration of the neighbourhood as well as increasing the pan-asian transport connectivity as part of the act asia policy.
the dialogue will be attended by sri lankan military leader-turned-politician sarath fonseka, us pacific commander admiral harry b harris, former afghanistan president hamid karzai, former prime minister of canada stephen harper, and former australian prime minister kevin rudd.
law minister ravishankarprasad prasad and power minister piyush goyal will also address the gathering along with a host of diplomatic advisers and counter-terror experts.
styled on the shangri la dialogue held annually in singapore, the theme of the raisina hill dialogues this time is new normal: multilateralism and multipolarity.
the dialogue will begin with foreign secretary s jaishankar making a presentation on indian foreign policy and an assessment of the future global trends.
india is also planning to start an india-us leadership forum from next summer where diplomatic and military leaders from both sides can discuss issues of mutual importance.
while the work on pm modis speech has just begun, the indian leader will focus on the threat of global terror particularly emanating for the neighbourhood and the islamic state, growing radicalisation as well as reiterate the freedom of navigation on high seas in both asia and pacific.
the shiv sena, an ally of ruling bharatiya janata party (bjp), raised the issue of malfunctioning of electronic voting machines (evms) during the april-may lok sabha elections.
this came a day after prime minister narendra modi attacked the congress in rajya sabha saying it had insulted the voters by questioning the reliability of evms.shiv senas sanjay raut raised the issue during the question hour in the rajya sabha and asked the government about the complaints that had been received about the discrepancies in evms. he asked whether there has been a mismatch regarding voter turnout and votes polled data on evms.union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said there were no discrepancies.
he added the election commission (ec) has not received any complaints regarding defects in evms and that the issue does not concern its operations.
this is a question about the manufacturing of evms and not its operations.
the ec has said there are no manufacturing defects in evms. if there is any specific complaint, i will get the information from the ec, he said.
union human resource development minister ramesh pokhriyal separately informed the upper house that the deadline for receiving suggestions regarding the draft new national education policy (nep) will be extended by a month till july 31.
the earlier deadline was june 30.
the [draft nep] report has been put in the public domain for suggestions.
the draft has been prepared after discussions at all levels.
and the date for submitting comments will be extended by a month, pokhriyal said during the question hour.
he was responding to a question of trinamool congress (tmc) member derek o brien on whether the draft was prepared without holding meetings and discussions.
the tmc also raised the demand for renaming west bengal as bangla.
tmcs sukhendu shekhar ray said that the west bengal state assembly in july last year passed a bill to change the states name and that it has been pending for the centres approval.
