tamil nadu chief minister edappadi k palaniswami.
tamil nadu chief minister edappadi k palaniswami.
tamil nadu chief minister e k palaniswami tuesday held a series of meetings with union ministers and discussed various state-specific projects.
in his maiden meetings with the union ministers after taking charge as chief minister, palaniswami sought solutions to various projects that have been stalled, besides other new projects.
he discussed second phase of metro, slum development and other welfare programmes with union urban development minister venkaiah naidu.
second phase of metro, housing, people affected by floods in 2015, slum development and issues related to smart and amrut cities were some of the requests that were made before me, venkaiah naidu told reporters here.
palaniswami also met union transport minister nitin gadkari and held talks on port-maduravoyal project, madurai inner ring road and four-lane ecr project.
apart from other issues we have requested the ministry to undertake around 700 kilometres of the state roads under national highways department, said palaniswami.
union and state government would jointly take up maduravoyal scheme and start the works as soon as possible, he added.
mos pon radhakrishnan who was present in the meeting at transport bhawan said, issues regarding fishermen were discussed and steps will be taken by the central government to solve them.
with the state governments cooperation enayam port project works would be hastened to help fishermen export from tamil nadu and stop the present practice of exporting from kochi.
meetings will be held for the purpose.
dpr will be prepared in the first phase, he said.
later in a meeting with union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad, the chief minister underscored the issue of neet and asked for ratification for state government legislation exempting tamil nadu from the ambit of neet.
palaniswami is on a two-day visit in the national capital.
he had yesterday met the prime minister narendra modi and demanded for immediate release of relief funds for the drought-hit state and for the damage caused by the cyclone vardah.
warned of strict action for his objectionable remarks in lok sabha, samajwadi party mp azam khan monday apologised to senior bjp member rama devi.
advertisingi did not have any wrong feelings towards the chair.
the whole house is aware of my conduct.
despite all this, if the chair thinks my statements were derogatory, i apologise, khan said.
his apology, however, triggered an uproar in the house during zero hour.
speaker om birla accepted khans apology and asked him not to repeat it.
birla said, azam khan has tendered an apology and all members must maintain decorum so that no such incident takes place in future.
khans remarks were expunged from the records following an immediate uproar in the house on july 25.
pressure mounted on khan to make an unqualified apology after the issue was raised against during zero hour on friday.
advertisingseveral women members had spoken out against the rampur mp for his objectionable remarks.
union minister smriti irani said khans remarks were a blot on all legislators, including men.
irani said: this is not a house where men come to gaze into the eyes of any woman.
it is a privilege to speak in this house.
if such disrespectful remarks were made against a woman outside, then she would have sought police protection, and even got it.
we cannot stay quiet and watch.
other mps who demanded action against khan included kalyan banerjee (tmc), rajeev ranjan (jd-u), nama nageswar rao and ministers arjun ram meghwal, ravishankarprasad prasad, babul supriyo and anurag thakur of the bjp.
congress floor leader adhir ranjan chaudhary said his party does not tolerate disrespect to women whether, either in the house or outside.
as he said that in the past, sonia gandhi had been referred to as italy ki kathputli (puppet), bjp members shouted him down.
irani shot back, saying she has been the subject of such remarks repeatedly.
b'congress president rahul gandhi confirmed the meeting through his twitter handle on wednesday.
(express photo by tashi tobgyal) congress president rahul gandhi confirmed the meeting through his twitter handle on wednesday.
(express photo by tashi tobgyal)leaders from opposition parties, led by congress president rahul gandhi, on wednesday met president ram nath kovind to share their concerns over the supreme court judgement diluting provisions of the sc-st atrocities act.
gandhi mentioned about the meeting on his twitter account, earlier.
in his tweet, he claimed that the apex courts ruling comes in the backdrop of growing atrocities against dalits and adivasis across india.
the supreme court ruling diluting provisions of arrest in the sc/st prevention of atrocities act comes in the backdrop of growing atrocities against dalits & adivasis across india.
leaders from opposition parties will meet president kovind this evening to share their concerns.
rahul gandhi (@rahulgandhi) march 28, 2018the supreme court ruling diluting provisions of arrest in the sc/st prevention of atrocities act comes in the backdrop of growing atrocities against dalits & adivasis across india.
leaders from opposition parties will meet president kovind this evening to share their concern, tweeted gandhi.
on march 20, the supreme court diluted stringent provisions mandating immediate arrest under the sc/st prevention of atrocities (poa) act.
it took note of the rampant misuse of the stringent act against government servants and held that a public servant can only be arrested after approval of the appointing authority.
earlier on wednesday, a delegation of ndas sc and st mps, led by ljp chief ram vilas paswan and union social justice minister thawarchand gehlot, met prime minister narendra modi to discuss the supreme court judgement diluting provisions of the sc-st atrocities act.
it was a good and elaborate discussion with prime minister narendra modi on the supreme court judgement on the sc/st atrocities act.
modi-ji listened to us and heard our concerns, paswan told reporters after the meeting.
a non-public servant can be arrested after approval by the senior superintendent of police (ssp) which may be granted in appropriate cases if considered necessary for reasons recorded, the supreme court had said on march 20.
union social justice minister thawarchand gehlot recently wrote to law minister ravishankarprasad prasad about a review plea against the supreme court verdict.
he noted that there were concerns that the order would make the law ineffective and adversely impact the dispensation of justice to dalits and tribals.
this is really shocking.
he came to meet me a few days back.
this is upsetting, said mehbooba mufti.
this is really shocking.
he came to meet me a few days back.
this is upsetting, said mehbooba mufti.
shocked over the gunning down of journalist and rising kashmir editor shujaat bukhari by militants, jammu and kashmir chief minister mehbooba mufti on thursday broke down while denouncing the mindless killing.
tv visuals showed her crying as she recalled her meeting with the renowned journalist a few days ago.
what can i say.
only a few days ago he had come to meet me, an emotional mufti said, struggling to hold back her tears.
bukhari was leaving his office in press enclave in the city centre lal chowk for an iftar party when he and his pso were shot dead by unidentified gunmen, police officials said today.
shocked & deeply saddened by the sudden demise of shujaat bukhari.
the scourge of terror has reared its ugly head on the eve of eid, mufti tweeted.
i strongly condemn this act of mindless violence & pray for his soul to rest in peace.
my deepest condolences to his family.
terrorism has hit a new low with shujaats killing.
that too, on the eve of eid.
we must unite against forces seeking to undermine our attempts to restore peace.
justice will be done, she said.
follow | shujaat bukhari killed live updates: rising kashmir editors pso also shot deadformer jammu and kashmir chief minister omar abdullah also expressed shock at the killing of the renowned journalist who was instrumental in organising several conferences for peace in the kashmir valley and was also part of the track ii process with pakistan.
im in complete shock.
hearing the worstinna lilahi wa inna illahi rajiuun.
shocked beyond words.
may shujaat find place in jannat & may his loved ones find strength at this difficult time, omar wrote on twitter.
even in the last tweet he put out he was defending himself, his colleagues & his profession.
he died in the line of duty doing what he did best & loved doing  journalism, he said.
along with shujaat, his security chap was also killed and another lies injured in hospital.
prayers and condolences for them and their families on this terrible night, he said.
read | who was shujaat bukhari?
cpi(m) leader m y tarigami said it was a brutal attempt by hawks to silence the messenger of peace.
he said it was tan attack on freedom of press and needs to be condemned in the strongest possible words.
bukhari, who was in his 50s, was given police protection since an attack on him in 2000.
west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee also expressed shock over the brutal killing.
saddened and shocked at the brutal killing ofrespected editor and senior journalist @bukharishujaat.
with a few hours to go for eid this is terrible, banerjee posted on her official twitter handle.
no words are enough for this big tragedy, she tweeted.
describing the incident as a cowardly act, union home minister rajnath singh tweeted, killing of rising kashmir editor shujaat bukhari is an act of cowardice.
it is an attempt to silence the saner voices of kashmir.
he was a courageous and fearless journalist.
extremely shocked & pained.
my thoughts and prayers are with his bereaved family.
congress president rahul gandhi condoled bukharis family saying he was a fearless fighter for justice and peace in the state, im anguished to hear about the killing of shujaat bukhari, editor of rising kashmir.
he was a brave heart who fought fearlessly for justice and peace in jammu & kashmir.
my condolences to his family.
he will be missed, gandhi said in a tweet.
the editors guild of india condemned the killing in a tweet: the editors guild of india unequivocally condemns the assassination of rising kashmir editor shujaat bukhari.
this is a grave attack on press freedom and democratic voices.
we will be issuing a more detailed statement soon.
union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said sane voices cannot be suppressed by the terrorists, he tweeted, deeply saddened to learn about the dastardly killing of rising kashmir editor shujaat bukhari.
such an attempt to suppress the sane voices by terrorists will never succeed.
on may 10, the supreme court collegium headed by chief justice of india ranjan gogoi had recommended that justice a a kureshi, who is currently the seniormost judge from the parent high court of gujarat, be appointed as chief justice of madhya pradesh high court.
the collegium decision came in the backdrop of the incumbent chief justice of the high court justice sanjay kumar seth retiring on june 9.
advertisingwhile the collegiums recommendation is pending, the government friday notified that under the powers conferred by article 223 of the constitution of india, the president is pleased to appoint justice ravishankarprasad jha, seniormost judge of the madhya pradesh high court, to perform the duties of the office of chief justice of that high court with effect from 10 june, 2019 consequent upon the retirement of justice sanjay kumar seth, chief justice, madhya pradesh high court.
three other recommendations were made on may 10, on appointment of chief justices in different high courts in the country.
justice d n patel, a puisne judge from gujarat high court was recommended to be elevated as chief justice of delhi high court.
his appointment was cleared by the centre on may 22.
justice v ramasubramanian, the seniormost judge from madras high court, was recommended to be elevated as the chief justice himachal pradesh high court.
the government is yet to clear his elevation.
advertisingjustice r s chauhan, the seniormost judge in the rajasthan high court and who at present is functioning in telangana high court as acting chief justice, was recommended by the collegium to be elevated as chief justice of the telangana high court.
the centre is yet to clear justice chauhans elevation.
on monday, taking over as law minister, ravishankarprasad prasad, replying to a question on pending appointments to the higher judiciary, had said: as a law minister, i will not be a post office simpliciter.
the law minister and the law ministry has a role as a stakeholder, obviously giving due regard and respect to the collegium system.
but as law minister, neither i nor my department will remain a post office.
we have a stake and we shall continue to pursue that stake in consultation with the honourable supreme court and honourable high courts to expedite the appointments.
in november last year, the transfer of justice kureshi to the bombay high court had created a stir in gujarat high court with members of the bar observing a strike protesting against his transfer.
the gujarat high court advocate association (ghaa) had passed a resolution that said the association believes that such a transfer is unjustified and certainly has no connection with better administration of justice and that it impinges upon independence of judiciary.
the bjp has asked all media coordinators and spokespersons of state units to become proactive and aggressively promote narendra modi as its star in the run-up to elections.
at a meeting of bjp media coordinators and spokespersons of all states held in new delhi on saturday,senior bjp leaders sushma swaraj,arun jaitley,ravi shankar prasad and rajnath singh gave tips to over 300 members of various bjp media cells on how to attack the congress governments,raise issues before anybody else does and launch counterattacks in all the states if any national-level congress leader makes a statement on any issue.
the media coordinators were told to swamp social media with issues that bjp raises and promote bjp-ruled states as models.
discussions were held on how to react to congress propaganda,raise issues that corner the congress,and how our media cells can play a more proactive role and make bjp more visible in all the states, said a media coordinator from andhra unit.
bjp media cells will be fully active now and become very aggressive, said bjp spokesperson n ramchander rao.
media cells and coordinators will promote modi as their main leader and refer to him as the future leader of the country.
a meeting of state,city and district presidents will be held sunday in delhi.
bjp president rajnath singh,modi and venkaiah naidu will oversee the activation of media cells.
b'the problem is that one booth is provided for every 1,000-1,500 people and within two kilometres of every voter.
the problem is that one booth is provided for every 1,000-1,500 people and within two kilometres of every voter.
indians going to vote in the upcoming elections will do so believing that their vote is secret and the button they press on the electronic voting machine (evm) is known only to them.
after all, while polling officials can hear the beep of the machine, indicating that a vote has been registered, they dont know which button has been pressed.
ina political system in which money and muscle are increasingly deployed during election campaigns, the solitude and secrecy of the evm is the last refuge for the voter who wishes to exercise their choice freely, even at the last minute.
but does their vote stay secret afterwards?
during the counting process, evms from polling booths across the constituency are brought together at counting centres and the votes for each party and candidate are counted machine by machine.
it is therefore possible to work out the breakdown of votes for each party at each and every polling booth  and this data is freely available on the election commission (ec) of indias website as booth level data.
for political parties and party workers, this information is gold dust for it allows them to know exactly how many supporters they have in each particular booth.
the problem is that one booth is provided for every 1,000-1,500 people and within two kilometres of every voter.
in 1998 in my research site in west bengal, three neighbouring villages shared a booth.
but their populations grew and voter lists passed 1,200; in 2006, the two adjacent villages of madanpur and chishti got their own booth.
on the basis of my long-term familiarity with the people of these two villages, through years of interaction and conversations, i had a sense about which individuals would vote for which party.
after an election, i could look through the booth level data, and if these were surprising, make informed guesses about who had switched or done something unexpected.
i could broach this discreetly in conversation with the villagers and ask them why they had done it.
thus, while the ballot was held secretly and fairly in the villages, the booth-level data greatly exposes the villagers and undermines the secrecy of their ballot.
party cadres and workers are precisely such close and knowledgeable observers.
they are specifically assigned booths, to get to know their voters thoroughly and deliver their votes for the party.
they call this constituency mapping and booth management.
parties spend enormous and growing amounts of money on supporting this work and process.
after every election i witnessed between 1998 and 2013, party workers would analyse the booth level data against the voters list after elections to see exactly how many people had not voted for them, discussing which individuals or groups had been dissident in this way and devising strategies for dealing with them in the future, whether through blandishments, social pressure or various forms of intimidation.
this compromise of secrecy is a relatively new problem in indian elections.
the secret ballot was introduced with the first elections in 1951 along with paper ballots.
in 1961, under rule 59a of the conduct of elections rules, it was decided that paper ballots from different booths would be mixed in large drums at counting centres before counting began.
it was therefore impossible to ascertain the provenance of any single vote.
but with the introduction of evms from 2008, this kind of physical mixing was no longer possible  and booth-level data was available for the first time.
the election commission of india has been aware of this problem; it has been developing the technology to restore the secrecy of the ballot.
this is now available as the totaliser, a new machine that mixes up votes from the hundreds of evms across a constituency at the time of counting, making it impossible to trace the voting patterns of individual polling booths.
the totaliser connects evms via their control units through a cable which enables votes from multiple polling booths to be registered and counted together and replicates the mixing of the ballot papers.
the totaliser received the backing of the law commission in 2015.
its report making recommendations for electoral reform proposed allowing the election commission to use the new technology, particularly in areas vulnerable to harassment, intimidation and post-election victimisation.
numerous commentators, civil servants and pressure groups have also called for its use; the bsp, congress, ncp, aap and cpi-m have also all supported the totaliser, at least in principle.
the supreme court ordered the government to make a decision by the end of september, 2016.
yet, despite this overwhelming institutional, legal and popular demand for the introduction of the totaliser, the government rejected it.
a group of ministers, headed by rajnath singh, and including arun jaitley, manohar parrikar, nitin gadkari and ravishankarprasad prasad, said explicitly that it would hamper polling booth management.
it is argued that booth management helps parties to be responsive to the specific needs and concerns of local voters  but reality is quite different.
rather, local voters are intimidated by party workers with threats and violence before the elections, and then, reprisals after them if the booth-level vote has not delivered what the cadres expected.
in a country where the conduct of elections is a rare example of efficiency and where voters, despite the odds, still cling to the notion of voting as an important civic duty, this compromise of the freedom and fairness of elections is worrying and needs to be challenged.
the governments argument for preserving booth management conflates what is good for the party with what is good for democracy.
what is clear is that preventing the totaliser from being introduced is certainly not good for the secret ballot.
b'bjp on saturday accused telecom minister kapil sibal of making a frontal attack on the cag by rejecting its estimates of losses of rs 1.
76 lakh crore on account of 2g spectrum allocations and dubbed it as a move aimed at shielding a raja in the scam.
the frontal attack on the cag is designed to save raja in the 2g spectrum scam,bjp spokesperson ravishankarprasad prasad told a press conference here.
the bjp leader also observed that by debunking the cags projection of losses caused by the scam,sibal has sought to overreach the parliamentary process.
the congress is trying to divert attention from the corruption issue.
i will like to ask why you are afraid of jpc?
what you want to hide,prasad wondered.
sibal had yesterday rejected cag estimates of losses of rs 1.
76 lakh crore on account of allocation of 2g spectrum to telecom operators saying it had no basis and was utterly erroneous.
the cag had said that due procedure was ignored and even the recommendations of the telecom regulator trai were not followed in spirit.
prasad urged upa chairperson sonia gandhi not to fire bullet points like limiting the discretionary quota of the mps and take action against corrupt leaders.
the country is mired in corruption and i will urge madam gandhi to fight against the menace and put the culprits behind bar, prasad said.
in a broadside against congress general secretary rahul gandhi and veteran congress leader digvijay singh,he said insurgency has no religion but leaders like rahulji and digvijay singh are unfortunately making statements aimed to create mischief over the issue.
the bjp leader said the proposed vision document for the north eastern region,which will be prepared by the party,will include all the issues including construction of big dams in china and its adverse downstream affect and infiltration across bangladesh borders.
senior bjp leader and pac chairman murli manohar joshi earlier criticised sibal for debunking cag estimates of losses of rs 1.
76 lakh crore on account of 2g spectrum allocation,saying it was improper and demonstrated his very casual approach.
fuel price: ongc supplies an estimated 20 per cent of the countrys total crude oil requirement to refining-cum-marketing companies ioc, hpcl and bpcl.
(express photo) fuel price: ongc supplies an estimated 20 per cent of the countrys total crude oil requirement to refining-cum-marketing companies ioc, hpcl and bpcl.
(express photo)wary of slipping on fiscal deficit targets, the finance ministry is reluctant to take a hit on excise duty levied on petrol and diesel.
so, as rising fuel prices set off a political firestorm, it is the petroleum ministry which has stepped in.
sources have told the indian express that it is working on getting oil & natural gas corporation (ongc) to take the burden.
the ministry plans to direct ongc to sell its crude oil at below ruling international prices by capping the price at, say, $70 for the entire fiscal year.
oil india ltd (the other national oil producer) will not be a part of this scheme, a government official said.
ongc supplies an estimated 20 per cent of the countrys total crude oil requirement to refining-cum-marketing companies ioc, hpcl and bpcl.
the official said the exact price cap hasnt been determined as ongc has asked for a higher price to fund its capital expenditures for the next two years.
incidentally, ongc and oil last contributed to fuel subsidies in june 2015 with contributions of over 40 per cent of the annual subsidy bill.
read | fuel price hike: any cut will be at the cost of welfare schemes, says nitin gadkarithe official said that ongcs contribution could pare the required price increase in petrol and diesel by one-third with an additional marginal relief provided by reducing the dealers commission by 18 paise per litre on diesel and 23 paise per litre on petrol.
ongcs burden sharing, to be implemented through a mechanism which is still in works, would provide close to rs 30,000 crore for this exercise, he said.
this is equivalent to a rs 2-per litre cut in excise duty on both petrol and diesel.
the idea has been accepted in principle but the methodology and the numbers are to be worked out, he said.
even after discount, ongcs net realised price on crude oil would be higher than $56 which it earned per barrel in fiscal 2017-2018.
at present, the government subsidy is limited to cooking gas, lpg and kerosene with transport fuels petrol and diesel out of its ambit.
the burden sharing, said the official, was being considered as the long-term solution to address the volatility and frequent revisions in rates which union law and it minister ravishankarprasad prasad announced on wednesday.
read | opposition likely to corner modi government over fuel price hikethe government is keen that instead of having an ad hoc measure, it may be desirable to have a long-term view which addresses not only volatility but also takes care of the unnecessary ambiguity arising out of frequent ups and downs.
that process is underway, prasad had said.
the bjp-led government had in june last year junked a 15-year old practice of revising rates every fortnight and introduced daily revisions which worked well except during periods immediately preceding an election.
there was a 19-day freeze in revising rates before karnataka went to polls, and since the time the hiatus ended on may 14, rates have gone up by rs 2.
54 a litre in case of petrol and rs 2.
41 in diesel.
petrol costs rs 77.
17 per litre in delhi while diesel sells for rs 68.
34.
the 10-day relentless price increases are building pressure on the government to cut excise duty to give immediate relief to consumers but after a meeting of the union cabinet headed by prime minister narendra modi, prasad offered little indication if a reduction in tax was coming.
on excise duty, prasad said the proceeds from such taxes were used for building highways, digital infrastructure, supplying electricity to villages, for hospitals and education.
so tax on fuel is linked with developmental issues.
we understand that there is a compelling need for a long-term solution, structured solution, he said.
the government raised excise duty nine times between november 2014 and january 2016 to shore up finances as global oil prices fell, but then cut the tax just once in october last year by rs 2 a litre.
the centre levies rs 19.
48 as excise duty on a litre of petrol and rs 15.
33 on diesel.
state sales tax or vat varies from state to state.
unlike excise duty, vat is ad valorem and results in higher revenues for the state when rates move up.
b'government and opposition were today on course to a prolonged confrontation over the cag report on coal allocation,with nda demanding resignation of prime minister manmohan singh who said satisfactory answers could be given to all issues if a debate was allowed.
government rejected demand for singhs resignation as preposterous and accused the opposition of trying to make an issue out of nothing but the bjp said it will not relent till its demand is met.
government sought to turn the tables on the opposition,saying the allocation was made on the basis of recommendations of state governments ruled by non-upa parties.
the cag report,which has estimated loss of rs 1.
86 lakh crore due to coal block allocation without allocation between 2005 and 2009,rocked parliament with a determined opposition stalling proceedings by demanding singhs resignation as he held the coal portfolio during that period.
the lok sabha could not transact any business because of the unruly scenes,which first resulted in adjournment till noon and then for the day.
the rajya sabha could function only to allow the unanimous election of congress leader p j kurien as deputy chairman of the house before it was adjourned for the day amid uproar.
singh later said the government is ready for any debate and give satisfactory answers to all issues raised.
we are ready for any debate, he told reporters,adding we can give satisfactory answers to all issues being raised.
parliamentary affairs minister pawan kumar bansal termed as preposterous and baseless the opposition demand.
let them come for a discussion it is not right on their part.
they know that there is nothing.
still they are trying to create a situation on an issue which is not there, he told reporters outside parliament house.
rejecting the demand for the prime ministers resignation,law minister salman khurshid said there was ample transparency in the allocation process and it was done in a bonafide manner.
i think,it is not a very reasonable and sensible thing to say, he said on opposition demands.
khurshid said the allocation was made on the basis of state governments recommendations.
the screening committee (for coal block allocation) had participation of state governments.
state governments recommendations formed the basis of allocation for coal blocks, he said.
hrd and telecom minister kapil sibal said,our pm can never do anything wrong.
and if anyone levels such allegations that the pm has done something wrong,then there is no correctness (or) facts to that allegation.
he said coal-bearing states of chattisgarh,west bengal,odisha,jharkhand and madhya pradesh,where the congress was not in power,had opposed allocation of coal mines to private firms through competitive bidding or auction.
chhattisgarh,west bengal,odisha,jharkhand and madhya pradesh,we are not the governments in these states.
all chief ministers were in agreement and said coal blocks should not be auctioned.
this should be investigated,what did they say (on auction of coal block?
(only) then allegations should be made, he said.
bjp leader m venkaiah naidu said,our demand is that the pm and the government should resign.
he said the cag reports are not the only issue as there are so many complaints and cases of corruption.
there are scams worth lakhs of crore of rupees but perpetrators are being protected.
that is why we have decided that we will confront the government till the time it resigns and we will not stop, naidu said.
bjp spokesman ravishankarprasad prasad said his party was firm on its demand for singhs resignation and termed as completely untenable and motivated the attempt to blame state governments.
b'opposition parties led by congress chief rahul gandhi met president ram nath kovind and raised concerns on dilution of the sc/st act.
leaders of parties including bsp, ncp, cpm, sp, dmk handed a memorandum to kovind.
(amit mehra) opposition parties led by congress chief rahul gandhi met president ram nath kovind and raised concerns on dilution of the sc/st act.
leaders of parties including bsp, ncp, cpm, sp, dmk handed a memorandum to kovind.
(amit mehra)despite representations and appeals from dalit mps and opposition parties for the governments intervention on the supreme court order on scheduled caste and scheduled tribes atrocities (prevention) act, the bjp government at the centre has made no commitment to file a review petition against the march 20 ruling.
however, prime minister narendra modi on wednesday told a delegation of dalit mps that the nda government would continue its welfare initiatives taken for sc/st communities.
it was a good and elaborate discussion with prime minister narendra modi on the supreme court judgment.
modiji heard our concerns, union minister ram vilas paswan, who was part of the delegation that met the pm, said.
rpi(a) leader and mos for social justice ramdas athawale said that he presented the pm with a memorandum on behalf of rpi(a) in addition to asking for a review petition by the union government.
the pm said the government is in the process of filing a review petition once the law ministry finishes studying the matter.
our government is doing the most work for welfare of dalits, unlike other governments who were all talk, he said.
paswan and athawale are pressing for a review of the apex court verdict.
paswans ljp has filed a review plea in the supreme court.
the bjp has more than three dozen sc mps.
express explained | rising pendency, falling convictions: what data on sc/st act trials showhowever, udit raj, a bjp lok sabha mp, said the government had not made any commitment that it would file a review petition in the apex court.
the prime minister said the law ministry is studying the judgment.
after examining the order, it will reach a conclusion and that will be announced, he told the indian express.
the pm added that the government would continue working for welfare of dalit communities.
sources in the government said that although social justice and empowerment minister thawar chand gehlot has written to law minister ravishankarprasad prasad about a review plea, the matter did not come up for discussions in the two cabinet meetings since march 20.
meanwhile, members of the national commission for scheduled castes led by ram shankar katheria met president ram nath kovind seeking his intervention in pushing the government to file for review of the order.
looking at the number and nature of cases coming to the commission and the action taken on them (by local authorities), we know that such an order would aggravate problems faced by the dalit community and it will be injustice to them, katheria told the indian express.
the president said he would talk to the government.
the commission has listed recent developments that would go against the interests of sc communities, including the ugc order to calculate reserved posts in teaching jobs by considering a department as a unit instead of a university.
dilution of provisions of this special act is an aspect that needs to be strongly countered.
there will consequential delays in implementation of the act as well as the victims/dependents not getting the help and financial compensation as laid down in the rules framed under the act, the memorandum submitted to the president said.
read | dilution of sc/st act: rlsp chief asks pm modi to step inathawale told the indian express that he met maharashtra cm devendra fadnavis monday to discuss the matter of the state government filing a review petition in the apex court in the subhash mahajan versus the state of maharashtra case.
the cm agreed to the state of maharashtra filing a review petition.
it is important that both the union and maharashtra governments take a stand that offences under atrocity act remain non-bailable and also dispel the misconception that a majority of cases under the act are false and misused, he said.
a bill to set up an independent and autonomous body for institutionalised domestic and international arbitration, which is a crucial step to strengthen the alternative dispute resolution mechanism, was introduced in lok sabha on wednesday.
advertisingunion minister of law and justice ravishankarprasad prasad moved the new delhi international arbitration centre (ndiac) bill, 2019, seeking to replace an ordinance issued in march by the previous government.
it provides for setting up of an independent and autonomous body for institutional arbitration and to acquire and transfer undertakings of the international centre for alternative dispute resolution (icadr) to the new delhi international arbitration centre (ndiac) with effect from march 2.
the statement of objects and reasons of the bill said that with the dispute resolution process having a huge impact on the economy in the country, such a body will help face the challenges such as expeditious settlement of disputes.
this is necessary to inspire confidence and credibility among the litigants of commercial disputes.
the huge pendency of cases in courts further underlines the need for strengthening the alternative dispute resolution mechanism, said the statement of objects and reasons of the bill.
advertisingopposing the introduction of the bill, congress mp shashi tharoor said the arbitration body should be autonomous and independent of government as several public sector undertakings will be a party to it.
he wanted the minister to withdraw the bill and come with a stronger bill.
but prasad said the existing arbitration body has resolved 55 cases in 25 years.
this government is keen to see india emerge as an international arbitration hub, he said.
the proposed new delhi international arbitration centre will be headed by a chairperson, who has been a judge of the supreme court or high court or an eminent person, having special knowledge and experience in administration of arbitration.
ls nod to dentists act amendmentthe lok sabha passed a bill to do away with mandatory representation for practising dentists without proper qualification in the dentist councils at different levels.
piloting the dentist (amendment) bill, 2019, health minister harsh vardhan said the government was taking several steps to improve awareness of oral health in the country.
he said the amendment aims to remove the word mandatory and the bill was neither against nor in favour of anyoneit seeks to do away with aberration.
b'president pranab mukherjee president pranab mukherjeepresident pranab mukherjee has signed an ordinance to authorise expenditure from today in uttarakhand which is under central rule.
the uttarakhand appropriation (vote on account) ordinance, 2016 was promulgated by the president yesterday, according to an official notification issued today.
the ordinance is to provide for the withdrawal of certain sums from and out of the consolidated fund of the state of uttarakhand for the services of a part of the financial year 2016-17, it said.
congress has said that it would move to court if the ordinance was issued.
the ordinance has been issued as parliament is not in session and president is satisfied that circumstances exist which rendered it necessary for him to take immediate action for the purpose of timely compliance of financial businesses of the state of uttarakhand, the notification said.
the ordinance allows withdrawal of about rs 13,642.
43 crore to meet expenditure on certain services for the ongoing fiscal in the state, which was put under presidents rule on sunday.
the decision to issue the ordinance was taken on wednesday at a meeting of the union cabinet chaired by home minister rajnath singh in the absence of prime minister narendra modi, who is on an official visit abroad.
on march 18, the state budget could not be passed in the uttarakhand assembly.
the appropriation bill was not passed.
in the absence of any lawful passage of the bill, no withdrawal can be done as far as the uttarakhand government is concerned from the consolidated fund of the state, union minister ravishankarprasad prasad had said after the cabinet meeting.
since the state is under presidents rule and no budget could be passed earlier, the cabinet had recommended an appropriation ordinance for uttarakhand, so that valid withdrawal of the government revenue can be done, he had said.
in a rare development, the budget session of parliament was prorogued on march 29 to enable the government to promulgate the ordinance.
the decision to recommend such a course was taken at a meeting of the cabinet committee on parliamentary affairs chaired by singh on tuesday following questions over the status of the appropriation bill which was declared as passed by the speaker in the uttarakhand assembly under controversial circumstances.
on april 26, the government returned for reconsideration the collegiums recommendation to elevate justice k m joseph but notified the appointment of malhotra as a judge.
(express photo by neeraj priyadarshi) on april 26, the government returned for reconsideration the collegiums recommendation to elevate justice k m joseph but notified the appointment of malhotra as a judge.
(express photo by neeraj priyadarshi)despite objections from the centre, the supreme court collegium on friday stood by its recommendation to elevate uttarakhand chief justice justice k m joseph as judge of the apex court.
the move comes two weeks after the union law ministry asked the collegium to reconsider its january 10 proposal to elevate him.
the five-member collegium, comprising chief justice of india dipak misra and justices j chelameswar, ranjan gogoi, madan b lokur and kurian joseph, which met this afternoon, said that on principle, it unanimously agreed that the recommendationshould be reiterated.
the resolution added that the said reiteration should also be accompanied by the recommendation of the names of chief justices of high courts for elevation as judges of the supreme court, for which detailed discussion is required.
also read: the judiciary is being undermined on multiple frontsin view of this, the meeting, it said, stands deferred for being held at 4.
15 pm on wednesday, 16th may, 2018.
todays unanimous reiteration comes as a relief to those looking to the courts next moves in its bid to assert its independence with the centre.
it is believed that just sending justice k m josephs name back would have suggested that the apex court was directly challenging the centre and so, a middle-of-the-road course was adopted.
under this, the justice joseph file would be sent along with names of other judges for the supreme court.
this, after detailed discussions at the next collegium meeting.
such a move is also seen as softening the act of reiterating a name that the centre has been seen to be particularly averse to.
there are some indications that separate files could be sent  one for justice k m josephs name and the other for more judges.
but it remains to be seen what the centre does when it formally receives the reiteration.
according to current norms, a unanimous reiteration must be agreed to by the centre and the judge must be sworn in.
read | not avenging justice k m josephs uttarakhand order: ravishankarprasad prasadthe collegium had last met on may 2 to reconsider the case of justice k m joseph in view of the letter from the government.
also on the agenda then was considering names of judges from high courts of calcutta, rajasthan and telangana & andhra pradesh for elevation to the apex court in view of the concept of fair representation.
later on may 9, three members of the collegium  justices gogoi, lokur and kurian joseph  had an informal meeting with the cji where they discussed the justice k m joseph issue.
though justice chelameswar, who retires on june 22, wasnt present at the meeting, he backed reiteration of the name.
though the names of justice k m joseph and senior advocate indu malhotra were recommended together, the government only approved malhotras name  that too more than three months after the collegium had approved them  and returned justice k m josephs name on april 26 for reconsideration.
malhotra has since been sworn in as a judge of the supreme court.
the delay in finalisation of the january 10 recommendations touched off protestations within.
in a strongly worded letter to cji misra, justice kurian joseph said the very life and existence of the supreme court was under threat and history will not pardon us, if the court doesnt respond to the government sitting on the recommendation.
he said this is the first time in the history of this court where nothing is known as to what has happened to a recommendation after three months.
returning justice k m josephs name, union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad, in a letter to the cji, underlined that this proposal for reconsiderationhas the approval of the honble president and the honble prime minister and had listed reasons why his appointment at this stage does not appear to be appropriate.
read | who is justice kuttiyil mathew joseph?
these include: justice joseph is at no.
42 in the all india high court judges seniority list; his parent high court of kerala has adequate representation in the supreme court; several high courts are not represented in the supreme court at present; and, there is no representation of scheduled caste/scheduled tribe communities in the supreme court since long.
critics, however, sought to link the governments decision not to return justice k m josephs name to his 2016 decision to overturn presidents rule imposed by the nda government in uttarakhand.
but government sources denied this saying justice j s khehar who headed the constitution bench which struck down the national judicial appointments commission had gone on to become chief justice of india.
the delhi police on thursday imposed prohibitory orders around the election commission complex as bjp workers sought to hold a protest against the denial of permission for narendra modi to hold rally at a venue of his choice in varanasi.
section 144 of the crpc restricting gathering of people was imposed as bjp activists were stopped around the nearby all india radio building and prevented from going towards the commission.
meanwhile, a delegation of party leaders led by m venkaiah naidu and ravishankarprasad prasad met officials of the election commission over the refusal of permission by the returning officer of varanasi constituency of which modi is a candidate.
naidu said that ec had called party leaders for a meeting over the refusal of modis rally.
we have not come to protest here against ec, but the electoral officer of varansai.
we are going to meet ecs officials.
in the meeting, we would request the ec to remove him so that fair elections would be done there, naidu told reporters here before going into the meeting.
union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
(source: pti) union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
(source: pti)the government would appoint facilitation officers in 200 districts of the country where cases older than 10 years are pending in court, union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said today.
these officers would help the poor people coordinate with the government and the courts and work towards getting their cases heard in fast-track courts, he said.
addressing a function to mark 150 years of the allahabad high court, prasad said there are around 2.
5 lakh common service centres (cscs) in the country which are run by women and youth where pan cards, aadhaar cards are made and other digital services are provided.
we will train people and attach them with csc.
there are poor people who need justice and they should get proper legal advice before the hearing of a case.
we are working towards that and begin with 200 common service centres in bihar and uttar pradesh as pilot projects, he said.
the minister said in the phase-ii of e-computing, the district law service authorities would be computerised.
prasad exhorted those involved in the legal profession to help the government in achieving its objectives by devoting their time and energy in cases that may be pro bono and may not bring publicity.
we will soon launch a web portal and request registered lawyers, who want to work for those in need of justice, to volunteer in the project.
working with nalsar (a hyderbad-based premier law university), we will create a database of the people who are in need of justice.
and, i am happy to inform you all that undp has accepted to work as interface between those seeking justice and those providing legal help, prasad said.
there are nearly 5,000 vacancies in the subordinate judiciary.
there are as many as 2.
7 crore cases pending in subordinate courts, and 38.
7 lakh cases pending in the high courts.
while the appointments in the higher judiciary have been delayed over the tussle between the centre and the supreme court collegium over memorandum of procedure, the centre has often faulted the judiciary over the vacancies in lower courts.
b'bjp today dubbed the draft jpc report on 2g spectrum scam as a cover-up attempt to save congress leaders,including prime minister manmohan singh,and vowed to raise it in parliament next week.
the party refused to believe that the prime minister was not involved in the process of allocating the 2g spectrum in 2008 and accused congress of using the jpc to subvert the truth.
it accused jpc chief p c chacko,a congress leader,of denying an opportunity of deposition to former telecom minister a raja who is the main accused in the scam and had claimed the pm and then finance minister p chidambaram were in the loop.
this looks like a cover-up, bjp president rajnath singh said while commenting on the draft report which has given a clean chit to the prime minister and the finance minister.
he pointed out that raja has been requesting to depose before the jpc to give his version.
he (raja) is the main accused.
it is surprising that despite his request he was not called.
the country would like to know why a minister,who was even jailed in the case,was not called despite his request.
this question will definitely be asked in parliament, singh said.
speaking to reporters in bangalore,leader of the opposition in rajya sabha arun jaitley said,history repeats itself once as a tragedy and again as a farce.
this is the second time in history that congress and upa neck deep in corruption had subverted the truth using the jpc mechanism.
he said if the jpc finds that manmohan singh and chidambaram were innocent,all i can tell you is this jpc report will meet the same fate as the bofors jpc.
its credibility will probably be worse than earlier jpcs.
recalling the time when the bofors scam had broken out,jaitley said a jpc under late b shankaranand had come out with a fictional report saying the bribes in the deal were actually winding up charges because middlemen and agents were asked to wind up their business.
bjp leader ravishankarprasad prasad,who is a member of the 30-member jpc,said the report appeared like a congress document in which attempts have been made to save its leaders,including the prime minister.
the draft report looks like a congress document and not a jpc report in which there is an overpowering desire to save its leaders,including the prime minister and the finance minister,in the 2g scam and is yet to objectively consider the wider ramification of this massive scam which shamed the country, prasad said.
the bjp president charged that leakage of the jpc draft report appears to be part of a plan.
such actions further demonstrate that this government has been playing with the credibility of constitutional bodies like the parliamentary committee, singh said.
flagging the issue,prasad said: the media showed the jpc draft report on 2g scam extensively.
this is a gross breach of parliamentary propriety where any report draft is debated,discussed,amendments are moved in the formal meeting and thereafter views are taken.
this is a matter of grief and surprise that violating the tradition of discussing the draft report in the meeting in which amendments would be moved even before a discussion could take place,this has come out in the media.
this is highly unfortunate and we condemn it, the bjp leader said.
he said the whatever has come out in the media on the contents of the jpc report we have strong objections over it and we shall convey our serious objection,firmly and forcefully in the formal jpc meeting which is scheduled for april 25.
b'ravi shankar prasad prasad at parliament ravishankarprasad prasad prasad at parliamentamid uproar over data breach at facebook, it minister ravishankarprasad prasad held discussions with senior ministry officials to explore steps to ensure that consumers data on social media is not misused to influence elections.
sources in the ministry said that the meeting held yesterday with top it ministry officials lasted for over two hours and deliberated the long-term solutions to address the issue.
the it ministry is looking into the issue of misuse of data, and exploring steps that can be taken to ensure protection of user information against misuse, without curbing the social media offtake in the country.
earlier this week, prasad had warned social media giant facebook of stringent action for any attempt to influence polls through data theft, and had even threatened to summon its ceo mark zuckerberg, if needed.
the warning came as bjp launched a scathing attack on the congress, questioning the party on its relation with cambridge analytica, the data mining firm accused of harvesting personal user data from facebook illegally to influence polls in several countries.
facebook, which has over two billion users globally, including over 200 million in india, had faced backlash on the data scandal issue, prompting zuckerberg to issue an apology for the major breach of trust, and promising to take steps to protect user data.
facebook has also tweaked its usage policy for third party apps, including login process, to ensure limited access to user information.
azam khans sexist remark: house unites for action, speaker to meet all leadersadvertisinga day after samajwadi party leader azam khan made objectionable remarks about bihar mp rama devi in lok sabha, several ministers have complained to the speaker om birla and demanded an apology from khan.
i will hold a meeting with leaders of all parties and then make a decision, birla said friday.
while union minister ravishankarprasad prasad demanded khans suspension from the house, smriti irani called it a blot on all legislators.
govt hurriedly passing bills without scrutiny: oppn parties seek interventiona total of 17 opposition parties in a letter to rajya sabha chairman m venkaiah naidu expressed serious concerns over the passage of bills without any scrutiny in parliament.
the letter, signed by opposition parties including congress, sp, bsp, tmc, rjd, tdp, cpi, and cpi(m), states their anguish and serious concern over the manner which the government is hurriedly passing legislations without any scrutiny.
the letter alleged that 60 per cent bills were sent for scrutiny during the 14th lok sabha session, 71 per cent bills were sent for scrutiny in the 15th session while only 26 per cent of bills have been sent for scrutiny in the 16th lok sabha session, news agency pti reported.
advertisingexplained: why mamata has rushed to say sorry to a college professor in bengalcollege professor subrata chatterjee of west bengals konnagar was assaulted by alleged members of the trinamool congress chhatra parishad after he intervened on behalf of students who were being compelled to raise pro-mamata and tmc slogans.
although the tmcp initially denied its involvement in the incident, mamata rang up the professor on thursday and assured him of action against the hoodlums.
mamatas quick reaction to the incident reflects her realisation of the damage that the trinamool congresss reputation for hooliganism, highhandedness, and corruption is causing to the party.
video: meet indian-origin ministers in new uk cabinetnewly-elected uk prime minister boris johnson has committed british lawmakers that he will work flat out to meet the october 31 brexit deadline.
rishi sunak, priti patel and alok sharma are among the three indian-origin ministers soon to be inducted into the uk government.
johnson called the task in hand for his new cabinet as momentous and that it came at a pivotal moment in our countrys history, as reported by the new york times.
mohammad amir announces retirement from test cricketin a statement released by pakistan cricket board (pcb), mohammad amir announced his retirement from test cricket with immediate effect.
the 27-year-old pakistan bowler said he now wants to focus on white-ball cricket.
amir made his test debut against sri lanka in galle in july 2009.
he went on to feature in 36 tests, taking 119 wickets at an average of 30.
47.
his claimed six for 44, his best bowling figures against the west indies in kingston in april 2017.
viral video: retro kapil dev flicker book sparks wave of nostalgiaa twitter user posted a video of her mother flipping through the pages of a flicker book featuring indian cricketing legend kapil dev.
in the book, which was part of a series created by a soft drink brand, showed the cricketer bowling on one side while the other side had him drinking a soft drink.
nostalgic twitteratis who had once owned the book, or similar ones, replied to the tweet making it viral.
the bjp today accused the trinamool congress of abducting a tribal couple, who hosted its chief amit shah during his visit to west bengal last week, and forcing them to join its ranks, terming it a text book case of revenge politics.
union minister ravishankarprasad prasad reminded west bengal chief minister and tmc chief mamata banrjee of her struggle during the left rule, claiming she cannot stop the march of democracy and people will support the saffron party despite its pressure and violence.
at a press conference in the bjp headquarters here, he wondered if the tmcs desperation was caused by the cbis probe into saradha chit fund scam case and the narada bribary sting allegedly involving several of its mps.
the investigation will not stop.
it is based on evidence which is in the public domain.
bengal is seeing reckless violence and overpowering fear of the tmc, he said, adding the ruling party could not tolerate a tribal couple offering lunch to the bjp president.
the success of shahs visit has unnerved the tmc, he claimed.
prasad said the bjp workers and others whom shah met during his visit to bhawanipur, mamatas assembly constituency, are also under pressure.
such violence and fear prevailed in the state during the left rule and it is a tragedy that it remains so during the tmc rule as well, he said.
he also used the opportunity to accuse the mamata government of appeasing one section of the society, a reference to muslims, by the misuse of state power and noted that it stopped religious processions during ram navami and hanuman jayanti.
raju and geeta mahali, who had hosted shah on april 25, today joined the tmc in the presence of senior party leader and tourism minister gautam deb.
i was inspired by the developmental work of mamata banerjee and that is why we have joined the tmc.
nobody has forced us to join the party, geeta mahali later said.
prasad said the bjp was deeply sad and hurt over the development but was not least concerned.
such tactics by the tmc cannot stop the bjps expansion, he said.
b'karnataka high court chief justice dinesh maheshwari.
karnataka high court chief justice dinesh maheshwari.
in another development in the stalled elevation of a judicial officer to the karnataka high court, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad wrote last week to chief justice of india dipak misra stating that the earlier inquiry clearing the judicial officer did not follow the vishaka guidelines on sexual harassment.
the law ministers note followed a letter from chief justice of karnataka high court justice dinesh maheshwari to the cji late last month, saying that another inquiry, by the high courts administrative committee, had cleared the judicial officer of all charges after accepting his reply.
the elevation of judicial officer p krishna bhat to the karnataka high court has been stalled by the government despite the supreme court collegium clearing it.
a series of letters have been exchanged between the law ministry, cji misra, justice j chelameswar and justice maheshwari on the matter, in what raises questions over the independence of the higher judiciary in appointing judges to high courts.
the two new letters, from the karnataka chief justice and the law minister to the cji, are likely to add to the brewing tension between the government and judiciary.
the government is also sitting over recommendations made by the collegium for elevation of justice k m joseph and advocate indu malhotra to the supreme court.
read | sc clears judge for posting but karnataka hc begins probe after a note from centrebhats name was first recommended for elevation to the karnataka high court by the supreme court collegium in august 2016, but stalled following a complaint by a woman judicial officer.
in october and november 2016, the then chief justice of the karnataka high court, justice s k mukherjee, informed the cji that his inquiry had found the allegations against bhat incorrect and concocted.
subsequently, in april 2017, bhats name was reiterated by the collegium.
as per the judgment in the second judges case, in case the collegium reiterates a name, it is incumbent upon the law ministry to issue warrants for appointment of that person to the high court.
however, instead of issuing the warrant for bhats appointment, late last year, the ministry directly wrote to the karnataka high court, saying it had received a fresh complaint from the woman judicial officer that bhat had managed her earlier complaint.
in march, the current karnataka high court chief justice, dinesh maheshwari, opened the pending inquiry against bhat, without informing the cji.
objecting to the government directly communicating with the high court instead of informing the collegium, justice chelameswar, a collegium member, wrote a strong letter to the cji and all judges of the apex court.
he asked for a meeting of the full court on the judicial side in the supreme court to discuss the governments interference in appointment of judges to the high court.
sources told the indian express that the law ministers letter to the cji last week was a thinly veiled response to justice chelameswars charges in his last letter.
the ministers note, sources said, highlighted the fact that the 2016 enquiry against bhat, which had cleared him of all the charges, did not follow vishaka guidelines applicable in the case of allegations of sexual harassment.
as per the guidelines issued by the supreme court, complaints of sexual harassment should have been referred to the sexual harassment committee of the high court.
sources in the karnataka high court, however, said the woman judicial officer had not approached the sexual harassment committee of the high court and her case was considered by the administrative committee no.
1 of the court.
administrative committee no.
1 comprises five judges of the high court, including the chief justice.
after justice maheshwari reopened the enquiry on march 4, bhat was given 15 days by the committee to file his reply.
bhats reply was considered by the committee in a meeting at justice maheshwaris residence at 9 pm on march 20, where the two cases against him were closed and the allegations dismissed.
justice maheshwari wrote to the cji on march 23 informing him of the closure of inquiry against bhat, appending the minutes of the meeting.
the minutes record that the complaint by the woman judicial officer alleges atrocities and abuse of power on a lady officer during the period from 04.
12.
2013 to 19.
05.
2015.
the woman officer has alleged that on three specific instances  february 2014, april 2014 and august 2014  she was summoned by bhat after 10 pm at night.
she said she refused the fourth time she was summoned late at night, reportedly in october 2014, and that after this she was discriminated against on her orderly entitlement.
as per the minutes of the administrative committee, the woman made the complaint after bhat had submitted a report to the high court on her conduct as his subordinate at belagavi, leading to filing of a vigilance case against her in february 2016.
in april 2016, the woman judicial officer resigned, but withdrew it in june 2016.
three days before withdrawing her resignation, she made the complaints of harassment against bhat, to the cji and chief justice of the karnataka high court.
ravi shankar prasad ravishankarprasad prasadlaw minister ravishankarprasad prasad favoured the existence of death penalty in the statutes, saying he was satisfied that it was invoked in the rarest of rare instance like the december 16 gangrape case, over which there was a public outcry.
he hailed the supreme court verdict confirming the death sentence for the four convicts, dubbing it as a victory of the rule of law.
its a big day for the countrys rule of law.
there was a public outcry and tension in the country regarding this case.
people were angry.
the injustice done to the brave girl was shameful and cruel.
the country was waiting (for the verdict), prasad said.
read | nirbhaya gangrape convicts to be hanged, confirms supreme courtspeaking on the sidelines of a programme organised by the bar council of india (bci), he said i am happy and satisfied that our country has the provision of death penalty for the rarest of rare cases.
i humbly pray that her soul rests in peace.
he said the investigation in the case and the apex courts punishment to the perpetrators of the crime was a victory of the law of the country.
read | a look at what all has happened over the yearsit proves that through the way of law, we can curb such offences and punish the offenders, he said.
when asked about the juvenile who was in conflict with the law in this case, he said it was a worrisome issue but has to be dealt with as democracy matured further.
on one hand, the juveniles rights have to be maintained and, on the other hand, they also commit crimes.
its a worrisome matter.
but this issue has to be dealt with as per the maturity of the democracy, prasad said.
uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath along with supreem court judge deepak mishra and law and justice and ministry of information technology minister of india ravishankarprasad prasad at inaugral session ofteli law menstring of legal aid through common centres uttar pradesh in lucknow on tuesday.
express photo uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath along with supreem court judge deepak mishra and law and justice and ministry of information technology minister of india ravishankarprasad prasad at inaugral session ofteli law menstring of legal aid through common centres uttar pradesh in lucknow on tuesday.
express photothe uttar pradesh cabinet on tuesday cleared a large number of proposals to mark the birth centenary celebrations of pandit deen dayal upadhyay, including distribution of 40 lakh led bulbs to bpl families and requesting the centre to rename mughalsarai railway station after the rss ideologue.
among other things, it has also been decided that a separate logo will be created in the name of upadhyay, which will be used by departments as well as ministers in their letterheads.
as per recommendations by the committee formed earlier under the chairmanship of deputy chief minister dinesh sharma, different departments have been given different tasks to mark the centenary year.
while the information department will organise a mega event at upadhyays birthplace nagla chandrabhan village in mathura, the place will also be developed as a tourist attraction.
the information department has been made the nodal agency for these events, which will also ensure that a three-day mela and exhibitions are organised in every district and development block, where cultural events, puppet shows etc will be showcased.
to ensure proper implementation of these events, a committee would be formed under respective district magistrates.
moreover, since upadhyay had died in mughalsarai, a proposal has been cleared to recommend to the centre that mugalsarai railway station be renamed after upadhyay and a memorial be constructed in his name.
both secondary and higher education departments would hold competitions to mark the year along with organising seminars, poster competitions and debates.
a proposal has also been cleared to declare one nagar panchayat in every district as pdt deen dayal adarsha nagar panchayat.
the forest department will undertake a special plantation drive till september 24 in upadhyays name.
the power department has proposed to a undertake rural electrification drive costing up to rs 6,946.
40 crore under the pt deen dayal upadhyay gram jyoti scheme.
under the scheme, 40 lakh bpl families will be given free led bulbs.
b'the president, shri pranab mukherjee, the vice president, shri m. hamid ansari and the prime minister, shri narendra modi with the newly inducted ministers after a swearing-in ceremony, at rashtrapati bhavan, in new delhi.
the president, shri pranab mukherjee, the vice president, shri m. hamid ansari and the prime minister, shri narendra modi with the newly inducted ministers after a swearing-in ceremony, at rashtrapati bhavan, in new delhi.
the government led by prime minister narendra modi has fewer ministers with cabinet rank to handle economic and infrastructure portfolios after tuesdays reshuffle that brought 19 new faces to the council of ministers.
the redistribution of portfolios has further reduced this number with key ministries such as communications (ravi shankar prasad) and mines (narendra singh tomar) now being led by junior ministers (ministers of state) with independent charge manoj sinha and piyush goyal respectively.
even commerce & industry, power, petroleum & natural gas are with junior ministers.
in the upa as well as in the vajpayee governments, ministries such as commerce & industry, petroleum & natural gas, communications, power, labour & employment and mines were led by cabinet rank ministers.
watch video: whats making newssome other ministries that have a significant bearing on the economy such as labour & employment, skill development & entrepreneurship and environment, forest & climate change too are led by ministers of state with independent charge.
only finance and corporate affairs, road transport and shipping, railways, urban development and textiles are now with cabinet ministers.
an mos (independent charge) attends cabinet meetings only when a proposal of his or her ministry is on the agenda, a minister of state does not get to participate in the meetings at all, said a former cabinet secretary who did not wish to be named.
if you are a cabinet minister, you get a 360-degree view of decision-making, he said.
in the previous upa government, the only other person who was a special invitee to the cabinet was montek singh ahluwalia, deputy chairman, planning commission.
in the present government, all cabinet proposals are circulated to the niti aayog for comments, but the vice chairperson, arvind panagariya, does not yet get to participate in the meetings.
in politics, unlike bureaucracy, there is no strict hierarchy, but within the council of ministers, seniority counts.
so, veteran kalraj mishra is still a cabinet minister with a not-so-significant portfolio of micro, small and medium enterprises, and piyush goyal is an mos (independent charge) with a bunch of portfolios  power, mines, coal, new & renewable energy, a bjp leader said.
according to a top official, the cabinet expansion is a fine act of political management and the leadership has been sensitive to seniority of members of parliament while allocating them ranks in the council of ministers.
the idea is also to create a bench strength of ministers, who can be elevated in due course, following an evaluation of their performance, a source said.
the leadership, the source said, also acknowledges the need to meet the aspirations of ministers as they spend time in the government.
uma bharti.
uma bharti.
the government ruled out uma bhartis resignation wednesday, amid calls for this by opposition parties following the supreme court order on the babri masjid demolition trial.
briefing reporters after a cabinet meeting, finance minister arun jaitley said no new situation has arisen in the case that has been going on since 1993.
former party presidents l k advani and murli manohar joshi, meanwhile, met after the court order allowed the cbi to restore its case against them.
joshi called on advani and the two leaders met for 40 minutes.
asked whether the court order will have any impact on the presidential polls, jaitley dismissed the question as hypothetical.
there has been speculation about advani or joshi being possible presidential candidates.
to a question about the possible resignation of bharti  and kalyan singh, now rajasthan governor  jaitley said, this case is going on since 1993.
somehow it is going on and no new situation has arisen so the situation which was prevailing earlier will continue in this.
he mocked the congress over its attack: there have been ministers, there have been deputy pms if chargesheet is the rule (for resigning), then just calculate, how many congress cms, though very few of them now remain, will have to go?
law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said the party will study the decision before making any comments.
he said the bjp highly respected its leaders like advani and joshi.
this will help government employees who have to wait for long years to get government accomodation, union minister ravishankarprasad prasad told a press conference.
(source: express file) this will help government employees who have to wait for long years to get government accomodation, union minister ravishankarprasad prasad told a press conference.
(source: express file)to ease the problem of shortage of government accomodation in the national capital, government on tuesday decided to rebuild seven housing colonies to double the existing housing units from 12,970 units to 25,667 at a total cost of rs 32,835 crores.
the union cabinet, chaired by prime minister narendra modi, approved the redevelopment of seven general pool residential accommodation (gpra) colonies in sarojini nagar, netaji nagar, nauroji nagar through national buildings construction corporation limited (nbcc) and in kasturba nagar, thyagraj nagar, srinivaspuri and mohammadpur through central public works department (cpwd) to replace the existing housing stock.
in delhi, there has been a frequent complaint of shortage of government accomodation for employees.
the cabinet decided to rebuilding general pool accomodation at seven places.
watch: analysing modi cabinet reshuffle: smriti irani loses hrd; javadekar, piyush goyal gainthere will be a total expenditure of rs 32,835 crore which we are investing in dwelling units.
after reconstruction, renovation and fresh construction, they could be increased from the present 12,970 to 25,667 dwelling units.
this will help government employees who have to wait for long years to get government accomodation, union minister ravishankarprasad prasad told a press conference.
the plan is to rebuild existing units of type i to iv with a build-up area of around 7.
49 lakh sqm with type ii to vi units with built-up area of around 29.
18 lakh sqm with supporting social infrastructure facilities.
the project will also develop government office accommodation for nearly 2.
42 lakh sqm at netaji nagar.
the total estimated project cost of rs 32,835 crores includes maintenance and operation costs for 30 years and will be completed in five years in a phased manner.
it will be implemented on self-financing basis by sale of commercial built-up area in nauroji nagar and parts of sarojini nagar, adjoining the ring road, a government statement said.
the move will help bridge the gap in shortage of government accommodation in the national capital region, which leads to long wait for employees to be eligible for housing.
the union ministry of urban development moved the proposal for redevelopment of existing old dilapidated housing colonies to augment the housing stock by making optimum utilization of land resources as per master plan delhi (mpd)  2021 and using modern construction technology with green building norms and in-house solid/liquid waste management facilities.
there have been demands to rename the high courts as mumbai high court and chennai high court after the metros were rechristened in 1990s.
there have been demands to rename the high courts as mumbai high court and chennai high court after the metros were rechristened in 1990s.
the high courts of bombay and madras are set to undergo a change in their names.
amid demands, the union cabinet on tuesday approved a law ministry proposal to change the names of the two high courts through an act of parliament to correspond to the present names of the cities mumbai and chennai respectively.
there have been demands to rename the high courts as mumbai high court and chennai high court after the metros were rechristened in 1990s.
the proposal of the department of justice in the law ministry is to bring a bill  the high courts (alteration of names) bill, 2016 to rename the two high courts established in 1860s under indian high court act, 1861.
but at present, there is no central law under which the proposal for change of names of these high courts can be addressed.
watch: analysing modi cabinet reshuffle: smriti irani loses hrd; javadekar, piyush goyal gainbriefing reporters on the decisions of the union cabinet, union minister ravishankarprasad prasad said the name of the calcutta high court too will be changed to kolkata high court.
but an official released issued later mentioned only the madras and the bombay high courts.
there have also been demands to rename the calcutta high court as the kolkata high court.
the calcutta high court has the distinction of being the first high court and one of the three chartered high courts to be set up in india, along with the high courts of bombay, madras.
it was formally opened on july 1, 1862.
watch video: keystrokes  smriti irani gets textilesearlier, the government had planned to vest the president with powers to rename a high court in consultation with the governor, the chief minister and the chief justice of that state.
but the idea has been shelved.
the government now plans to consider such demands of change in name on a case-by-case basis, sources said.
read also: twitterati react to cabinet changing names of high courts: mumbai is a name, bombay a feelingindian high court act of 1861 vested in the queen of england to issue letters patent to establish high courts of calcutta, madras and bombay.
the bombay high court was inaugurated on august 14, 1862.
the high court today has three benches at nagpur, aurangabad and goa.
bombay hc is one of a few institutions in maharashtra that continue to carry the old name of the city.
the state government renamed bombay as mumbai in 1995 and all institutions under it altered names accordingly.
the madras high court, which came into being around the same time, has one bench in madurai.
besides demands from maharashtra and tamil nadu governments, various organisations too have been pressing for renaming the two high courts.
digital transaction is growing and is expected to increase by 33 per cent to rs 4 crore per day this year, it minister ravishankarprasad prasad on wednesday said.
digital transaction was rs 1.
85 crore per day in 2015.
it was rs 3 crore per day in 2016.
it will be rs 4 crore this year, prasad said while addressing an event organised to commemorate the world consumer rights day at new delhi.
watch what else is in the newsto encourage e-transaction, he said more common service centers (csc) will be set up for payment of utility bills through debit or credit cards.
we have set up 2 lakh csc.
we will take (the number) to 2.
5 lakh this year, he added.
with growing number of e-transactions, prasad said there is a dilemma how to strike a balance between maintaining privacy of data and at the same time using it for providing better service.
he was speaking on the theme consumer rights in a digital age.
consumer affairs minister ram vilas paswan, minister of state for consumer affairs c r choudhary, consumer affairs secretary hem pande, nasscom president r chandrashekar were among others present at the event.
(source: wikipedia) (source: wikipedia)this byline broke hard news and harder reader loyalties.
the latter wasnt easy.
way back in the 1970s, the typical kerala home was deeply committed to its first paper, which even for the english-knowing was a malayalam daily.
our circles that swore by mathrubhumi made a ready switch to the malayala manorama where a certain t v r shenoy was reporting the bangladesh war.
india was winning the 1971 war but the writing had none of the triumphalist tone of the ruling classes.
nor did it talk too much about the inevitable misery of war.
among the earliest reporters to reach dacca, this little known young man was writing for the language press with the lan of a big time professional.
it was as good as the best we saw in the english dailies.
under a matter of fact title, two weeks before victory, the series was an absorbing read with rich detailing and matching feel.
the prose was as agile as a sports reporters.
when one got to know a bit more about tvr, as his early indian express colleagues in mumbai  called him (he began with the sunday standard), the sports connect seemed natural.
he played badminton for the bombay university, was at centre court for the wimbledon final whenever he could, loved his bridge and chess.
a bigger surprise was that the writing pretty much profiled the man.
he worked and lived the way he wrote.
he was as off-beat as he was methodical and carried his wide reading and learning lightly.
while relaunching the sunday mail as a four-metro weekender, the first thing he did as editor was to move the delhi office out of a damp basement near savitri cinema.
we moved to niti bagh, a residential colony, into a big lived-in bungalow, an unlikely office space for the likes of veteran m l khotru, more welcoming to a cub reporter who wore a python to work.
though the young womans fearlessness wasnt widely shared, no one complained because the editors air of homely informality was infectious.
the barsati was photographer praveen jains dark room and the cartoonists cabin was a barely redone kitchen.
the place had its uses though.
the paper had an immediate neighbourhood of supreme court lawyers.
we were abundantly sourcing legal punditry.
this was central to shenoy saab (that was how the byline was known by then).
he belonged to a peer group that saw the nehruvian nations constitution being serially mauled by arbitrary ordinances and periodic amendments that culminated in the emergency.
he would quote at length from jurist h m seervai and hold forth on the kesavananda bharati case.
the legalese would be lightened soon enough by recalling a cartoon that put the constitution of india in the periodicals rack.
i am grateful to the emergency, he said.
i got my music back.
i had little work to do as manoramas bureau chief, thanks to the censors.
i spent some of the spare time recording carnatic music concerts.
he kept adding to his collection of music and books.
you never saw him very far from piles of newspapers, periodicals and heaps of books.
similar clutter surrounded him in office, home, hotel rooms and finally the hospital.
he was forever ready to switch from work to leisure and back.
by the 1990s, he seemed to have internalised the nervous energy of the countrys coalition era.
of the delhi between the big parties.
this unsettled air never quite left him even when his favourite vajpayee led a stable government.
only a stone settles, was his preferred one-liner.
he wrote columns, lectured, mentored, bantered and travelled even more than before.
the mind that was honed to stay abreast of news perhaps saw ahead.
in 1990, he was already talking about graphic editing as a career advancement for the news cartoonist.
even earlier, in 1985, he had commissioned for malayala manorama daily cartoonist writer ravishankarprasad to sketch and report the karnataka elections that ramakrishna hegde eventually won handsomely.
today we have a word for this genre  graphic reportage.
not much cartooning can happen without a supportive editor.
shenoy saab was generous.
b'bharat bandh: violent protests were reported in parts of uttar pradesh, gujarat and punjab, while section 144 has been imposed in gwalior.
bharat bandh: violent protests were reported in parts of uttar pradesh, gujarat and punjab, while section 144 has been imposed in gwalior.
the supreme court on monday refused to hold an urgent hearing of a petition seeking review of its verdict that laid down stringent safeguards before registering a case under the act.
a bench of chief justice dipak misra and justices a m khanwilkar and d y chandrachud said that the petition will be heard in due course of time.
the apex court had on march 20 said that on several occasions, innocent citizens were being termed as accused and public servants deterred from performing their duties, which was never the intention of the legislature while enacting the scheduled castes and the scheduled tribes (prevention of atrocities) act.
the petition, which was filed by the all india confederation of sc/st organisations, was submitted in the wake of the large-scale violence and protests which broke out in most parts of the country today.
the federation is a conglomerate of nearly 150 organisations.
live updatesadvocate manoj gaurkella, appearing for the employees federation said that the recent verdict passed by the apex court on march 20 was unfair and unjust and it should be stayed.
he said that this writ petition should be heard by a larger bench of five judges to decide the issue.
earlier in the day, the centre filed a review petition, challenging the verdict of the top court.
union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said the government will argue the matter with full authority in the top court and appeal for reconsideration.
however, the bandh turned violent when protesters began pelting stones and damaging properties across various states.
agitators blocked several trains in bihar and jharkhand, affecting railway services.
violent protests were reported in parts of uttar pradesh, gujarat and punjab, while section 144 has been imposed in gwalior.
two persons have been reported to be dead till now.
the cbse has postponed all class 12 and 10 exams scheduled for monday in punjab.
exams will be held as scheduled in chandigarh and in the rest of the country.
b'ljp chief ram vilas paswan, who along with thawarchand gehlot met prime minister narendra modi, said it was a good and elaborate discussion with prime minister narendra modi on the supreme court judgement on the sc/st atrocities act.
ljp chief ram vilas paswan, who along with thawarchand gehlot met prime minister narendra modi, said it was a good and elaborate discussion with prime minister narendra modi on the supreme court judgement on the sc/st atrocities act.
a delegation of ndas sc and st mps, led by ljp chief ram vilas paswan and union social justice minister thawarchand gehlot, on wednesday met prime minister narendra modi to discuss the supreme court judgement diluting provisions of the sc-st atrocities act.
it was a good and elaborate discussion with prime minister narendra modi on the supreme court judgement on the sc/st atrocities act.
modi-ji listened to us and heard our concerns, paswan told reporters after the meeting.
on march 20, the supreme court diluted stringent provisions mandating immediate arrest under the sc/st prevention of atrocities (poa) act.
it took note of the rampant misuse of the stringent act against government servants and held that a public servant can only be arrested after approval of the appointing authority.
a non-public servant can be arrested after approval by the senior superintendent of police (ssp) which may be granted in appropriate cases if considered necessary for reasons recorded, it said.
gehlot recently wrote to law minister ravishankarprasad prasad about a review plea against the supreme court verdict.
he noted that there were concerns that the order would make the law ineffective and adversely impact the dispensation of justice to dalits and tribals.
chief justice of india ranjan gogoi on thursday said there was a spurt in indecorous behaviour in the countrys courts and called for urgent steps to end this.
advertisingspeaking at the independence day celebrations organised by the supreme court bar association (scba), justice gogoi said, the indian judiciary has since some time past witnessed an unprecedented rise of instances of indecorous acts which do not align with the charter of an institution.
read | why is cbi so good in cases with no political tone, asks cji ranjan gogoithe cji did not specify what instances he was referring to but added that such instances of inappropriate behaviour have raised their ugly head in all courts including the supreme court and that graceful.
.
and pleasant discourses and deliberations are increasingly being replaced by loud and motivated conduct.
advertisingcalling for steps to control this, he said, it is important that stakeholders quickly identify and isolate such elements and put them to quarantine.
it is time for all of us to introspect and redraw the lines that ought to bind each of the stakeholders to ensure that the decorum and dignity of this great institution is not lostso that the meritorious enjoyspace and are able to contribute to the good of the institution and steer it to new standards of excellence.
read | charges of plot against cji ranjan gogoi, bench fixing: probe seeks specificsspeaking on the occasion, union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad was critical of the manner in which some high courts entertained public interest litigations.
he called for an in-house corrective mechanism in the judiciary with the supreme court at its apex to ensure discipline, judicial propriety and in some way judicial accountability.
this, he pointed out, had become important today when the role of the judiciary has become a matter of great trust for the country.
prasad also said there was need for greater cohesion inside the judiciary.
the minister said this has to be addressed by the institution itself.
attorney general k k venugopal flagged the issue of pendency of cases and called for setting up intermediate courts of appeal in the four regions of the country so that the supreme court is not burdened with anything other than constitutional matters.
responding to venugopals call for setting up intermediate courts of appeal, prasad said he was aware of the a-gs views on the matter and added the government will have to await proper stakeholder consultation including from the supreme court.
the cji, too, said it would require discussion with stakeholders.
training its guns on prime minister manmohan singh on the bofors pay offs scandal,bjp today demanded that he apologise for defending italian businessman ottavio quattrochi.
mr pm,you tried to give a clean chit to quattrocchi,bjp spokesperson ravishankarprasad prasad told reporters here adding this has been found to be false by an income tax tribunal which said that kickbacks of rs.41 crore were paid to quattrocchi and win chaddha in the controversial howitzer gun deal.
the principal opposition used singhs recent statement that ceasars wife should be above suspicion to attack him for defending quattrochi.
his comment exonerating quattrochi having been found to be false by a competent tribunal.
would the prime minister now stand up to his own benchmark and apologise to the nation ?
prasad asked.
prasad referred to singhs remarks that it is not a good reflection on the indian legal system that we harass people and that quattrocchi case is an embarrassment for the government of india.
taking on the prime minister,prasad alleged that the congress-led government believes in first messing up the entire investigation and then say there is no case.
bjp claimed that quattrochi is very close to the gandhi family and posed some questions to singh and congress president sonia gandhi.
when upa came to power the then additional solicitor general b dutta went to london in january 2006 and falsely represented before the authorities that no case is pending against quattrocchi and the account be de-freezed.
it was done accordingly and huge amount of taxpayers money was withdrawn.
under whose pressure this was done?
prasad said.
he alleged that collusive legal advise for this was given under the supervision of then law minister hansraj bhardwaj.
every effort was made by the congress to scuttle the investigations and save quattrrochi,he said.
a big powerful hidden hand was always available to bail quattrochi out, prasad said,in an apparent reference to the gandhi family.
the attorney general,again gave a collusive advise that because delhi high court order has become final therefore there is no point in continuing the red corner notice against quattrocchi, he said.
prasad charged that this advice was given under pressure from the gandhi family.
all this clearly shows that the entire machinery of the government was trying to help him and bail him out at different stages.
all this because he enjoyed high patronage owing to his proximity to the gandhi family, he said.
bjp insisted that in view of the tribunals decision that quattrochi and ae services owner win chaddha had received kickbacks in the bofors gun deal and evaded taxes on these pay-offs,the case should be re-opened and the matter be investigated by a special investigation team.
the prime minister and sonia gandhi both owe an explanation to the nation as to why this was allowed to happen?
prasad said.
union minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
(express photo.
files.
) union minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
(express photo.
files.
)the bjp on monday slammed the congress over the public slaughter of a calf in kerala, saying the party seemed willing to go to any lengths for political gains.
law minister and senior bjp leader ravishankarprasad prasad said: this is shameful and in many ways provocative.
political opposition happens but it is unfortunate that such an act has been committed, that too by youth congress workers.
he said that public slaughter is against the constitution, which seeks to prohibit cow slaughter.
the incident which has since been decried by the congress leadership has come at an opportune moment for the bjp just ahead of party president amit shahs visit to kerala, prasad added.
pti adds: uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath also took the opportunity to question the silence of opposition parties on the matter.
meanwhile, a senior bjp leader of garo hills area in meghalaya tried to allay fears over ban of beef in the state.
in meghalaya most of the bjp leaders eat beef.
the question of banning beef does not arise in a state like meghalaya, especially in garo hills.
bjp leaders in meghalaya are well aware of the historical background and constitutional provisions over the hill areas for which beef ban will remain unimposed in meghalaya, said bernard n marak, tura bjp district president, in a release.
he added that if the bjp came to power in the state next year, its motive would not be a beef ban but the regulation of rates and slaughterhouses to allow for ease in meat consumption.
kerala case horrific: congressstating that cow has a special place in the hearts and minds of indians, the congress went into damage-control mode on monday and called the public slaughter of a calf in kerala reprehensible and absolutely condemnable.
on sunday, congress vice-president rahul gandhi had called the act thoughtless, barbaric and completely unacceptable.
congress communication department head randeep surjewala on monday said, indias ethos and the congress partys culture abjures any kind of violence or barbarism against every living being, much less the cow, which has a special place in the hearts and minds of people of india.
the horrific incident in kerala is reprehensible and absolutely condemnable such elements have no place in the congress party.
b'a mobile phone was seized from the bolero car on monday.
(source: ians) a mobile phone was seized from the bolero car on monday.
(source: ians)bihar police on monday said they have filed an fir against sitamarhi bjp leader manoj baitha and were in the process of arresting him in the muzaffarpur hit-and-run case in which nine children lost their lives on saturday.
sources also claimed that baitha was himself driving the bolero, which is registered in his name, but police said investigations were on.
a mobile phone was seized from the bolero car on monday.
police sources said cctv footage obtained from a toll tax point at runi saidpur in sitamarhi, about 35 km from the accident spot, reportedly showed baitha sitting in the car at 12.
38 pm.
the accident took place around 1.
30 pm.
also read: cops say bjp leader owns suv that ran over nine studentsmeanwhile, rjd leaders protested outside the bihar assembly over the incident, demanding immediate action from the government.
bihar deputy chief minister sushil modi on monday said strictest action would be taken against the accused irrespective of his party affiliation.
no question of saving the person because of relations with bjp or rjd.
i called muzaffarpur sp yesterday & said strictest action should be taken.
innocent children were killed & there is no bigger crime than this, he said.
following the accident, union minister ravishankarprasad prasad announced cancellation of holi celebrations at pnt community house in patna planned for march 1.
congress president rahul gandhi took the opportunity to assail bihar chief minister nitish kumar over the liquor ban in the state.
in dry bihar, one drunk bjp leader killed nine students by running over them.
is this the reality of the liquor ban in bihar?
gandhi asked.
9     !
?
?
office of rg (@officeofrg) february 26, 2018nine children of dharampur middle school were killed by the speeding suv when the students were crossing the national highway on their way back home, triggering outrage in the area.
kumar, had on sunday expressed concerns over the increasing number of road rage cases in the state and assured strict action against the guilty.
according to police, three people fled the spot after the car knocked down the children, aged between seven and 13 years.
confirming that baitha was a functionary with the partys sitamarhi district unit, bihar bjp spokesperson rajiv ranjan had said: what we have learnt so far is that baitha was not in the vehicle.
leader of opposition in assembly, tejashwi prasad yadav, has accused the bjp of trying to shield its leader.
there seems to be an attempt to shield manoj baitha.
b'the centre has already filed a plea seeking review of the supreme court directive in the wake of largescale protests by dalit organisations.
the centre has already filed a plea seeking review of the supreme court directive in the wake of largescale protests by dalit organisations.
following a nudge from the top party brass, three bjp-ruled states have decided to keep in abeyance implementation of the supreme court order on the sc/st act and will file review pleas against the directive, a top leader said today.
while chhattisgarh, madhya pradesh and rajasthan had reportedly taken steps to implement the order, they have now decided to put its execution in abeyance and approach the apex court for a review.
we have spoken to these chief ministers and their governments will soon file a review petition in the court.
it is natural that the implementation of the order will be put in abeyance till the judiciary takes a final call, the party leader said on the condition of anonymity.
the court recently laid down guidelines to prevent the alleged misuse of the scheduled castes and the schedule tribes (prevention of atrocities) act.
dalit groups have, however, vehemently protested against the verdict, saying it dilutes the law and will lead to a rise in cases of atrocities against the scheduled castes and tribes.
the centre has already filed a plea seeking review of the supreme court directive in the wake of largescale protests by dalit organisations.
in its order on march 20, the apex court had said the laws misuse had led innocent citizens being framed as accused and public servants deterred from performing their duties, which was never the intention when the scheduled castes and the scheduled tribes (prevention of atrocities) act was originally enacted.
opposition parties have used the issue to attack the ruling bjp, which has been assiduously wooing wooed dalits under prime minister narendra modi and its president amit shah.
as per reports, chhattisgarh, madhya pradesh and rajasthan governments recently issued formal orders, instructing their police chiefs to implement the march 20 supreme court order.
after the judgement, various dalit mps from the bjp-led ruling nda alliance, including ram vilas paswan and ramdas athawale, had met modi to expresses their concerns and demanded that the centre should challenge the order.
modi has also asserted that his government will not allow any dilution of the law to prevent atrocities against scs and sts.
representing the governments view, union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad had said the government differs with the reasoning given by the supreme court judgement for virtually redoing the entire architecture of the act.
union minister for electronics & information technology ravishankarprasad prasad (pti photo/file) union minister for electronics & information technology ravishankarprasad prasad (pti photo/file)union minister ravishankarprasad prasad on sunday advised kerala chief minister pinarayi vijayan to find better causes for a federal unity, rather than organising a meeting of chief ministers to discuss the centres ban on sale of cattle at animal markets for slaughter.
the senior bjp leader rejected allegations that the nda government brought the notification to impose restrictions on the eating habits of the people.
it is entirely his (vijayans) call.
i can only gently remind him that he can find better causes for a federal unity, he said in response to a query about the kerala chief ministers move.
vijayan has written to his counterparts in other states, appealing them to stand together in opposing the anti-federal move of the centre.
raking up the issue of political violence in kerala, prasad said, when he (vijayan) calls for a federal unity, he and his party must also allow our workers to work freely in the state.
it is good if he is talking about freedom.
but, the bjp-rss cadres are being attacked in kerala.
how does it gel with the states great open culture?
, he wondered, adding that the southern state was always open to new ideas.
reminding vijayan that kerala was the first state in the country to elect a communist government led by ems namboodiripad, prasad said if that reflected the openness of kerala and its people, then they should also be given the liberty to experiment with the bjp.
whether the party gets acceptance or not is a call of the people, he added.
the union law minister said protection of cow was a fundamental obligation of the people of the country and the centres notification only said that the cattle markets would not be a place for purchasing the animals for slaughter.
it does not say that you can not purchase cattle from a farm.
the recognised cattle markets shall not be used for the purpose (slaughtering).
there is no restriction as far as eating habits are concerned.
i do not buy the logic that slaughtering can be done only by purchasing the cattle from the markets, he said.
prasad added that conventionally, cattle markets were used for the exchange of bull or oxen for cultivation.
that has been the norm, he said.
union minister ravishankarprasad prasad said aap kept on attacking the prime minister without any basis.
(source: file) union minister ravishankarprasad prasad said aap kept on attacking the prime minister without any basis.
(source: file)hitting out at aap over the objectionable cd involving its former minister, union minister ravishankarprasad prasad on thursday said the entire massive mandate of delhi is being wasted by the arvind kejriwal-led ruling party.
they claimed arrogantly to become the custodians of propriety of indian politics.
they were giving certificate of honesty to all.
but what is happening in their backyards, he told reporters on the sidelines of a conference in delhi.
while one former delhi minister (jitendra tomar) was caught with a forged certificate, the convenor of aaps punjab unit was sacked because of corruption, prasad said in an apparent reference to the dismissal of sucha singh chhotepur, while now there were such allegations.
with the alarming regularity with which corruption and impropriety have become the buzzword, mr kejriwal have you disowned completely the legacy of anna hazare?
the senior bjp leader said.
i am sorry to say the entire massive mandate of delhi is being wasted by the aam aadmi party, he said.
prasad said aap kept on attacking the prime minister without any basis.
delhis social welfare minister sandeep kumar was on wednesday sacked by chief minister arvind kejriwal after receiving an objectionable cd in which he was purportedly shown in a compromising position with a woman.
the lok sabha on monday passed a bill to increase the number of judges in the countrys apex court from the present 30 to 33.
advertisingthe supreme court (number of judges) amendment bill was passed by a voice vote.
this paves the way for adding more judges, for the first time since 2009.
the honourable chief justice of india in a letter to the government had expressed the need for more judges citing pendency and the fact that nowadays there are many matters that require to be heard by five-member constitutional benches.
the number of judges has been increased several times in the past, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad told lok sabha while piloting the bill.
the supreme court has a pendency of around 58,000 cases, he said.
he also said that the government envisaged creating a separate cadre in legal service to be posted as judges in district courts.
b'slamming the upa government for adopting the path of confrontation with the opposition,the bjp today made it clear that it was in no mood to let passage of bills in parliament.
no question of bjps cooperation in passing bills in parliament.
confrontation and cooperation cannot go together, senior party leader m venkaiah naidu told reporters here.
naidu said the joint parliamentary committees draft report on 2g issue,that gave a clean chit to prime minister manmohan singh,was leaked and congress wants bjp members on jpc  jaswant singh,yashwant sinha and ravishankarprasad prasad  removed.
the congress can remove all opposition members from parliament itself just as it did during the emergency, naidu,said,adding,seeking exit of bjp members on the jpc spoke of the evil mind of the government.
naidu said the congress-led government has been caught with its pants down with the cbis affidavit filed in the supreme court yesterday stating that its status report on coalgate was shared with law minister ashwani kumar and prime ministers office.
the cbi affidavit had proved that pmo officials and law minister were privy to the report,vindicated bjps position that the central agency was being misused for political and partisan ends and that cbi had become congress bureau of investigation, the bjp leader said.
asserting that the upa government had been reduced to a minority with several of its allies deserting it,he said it was surviving because of the cbi.
this government has become vulnerable and may fall any time, he said.
lok sabha polls were imminent after the karnataka assembly elections.
on congress vice-president rahul gandhis attack on the bjp government in karnataka,whom he had accused of creating a world record in corruption,naidu said the congress leader promising a clean administration was the joke of the century as congress and clean cannot go together.
naidu said bjp was gaining strength day by day in karnataka and despite initial doubts,it would secure a clear majority.
union minister for electronics & information technology ravishankarprasad prasad (express photo by prem nath pandey) union minister for electronics & information technology ravishankarprasad prasad (express photo by prem nath pandey)union minister ravishankarprasad prasad on saturday said indias global prestige has increased during the four years of the narendra modi-led nda government.
indias global prestige has increased during the past four years of the narendra modi government.
modi ji is a global leader.
indias viewpoint has been heard across the globe, prasad said.
the union minister for law and justice, and electronics and information technology was talking to reporters here on the completion of four years of the modi government and enumerated its various achievements.
india is marching ahead confidently on the path of growth following the central governments initiatives taken in the past four years, the bjp leader said, adding that indiasgdp has grown significantly with the country receiving the highest fdi proposals.
the central government has set up a number of iits, iims and kendriya vidyalayas in the past four years, he said.
stating that the central government is committed to uplift of the poor, the minister said 31 crore jan dhan bank accounts were opened in the last four years.
pm modi with finance minister arun jaitley in rajya sabha, thursday.
tv grab pm modi with finance minister arun jaitley in rajya sabha, thursday.
tv grabthe opposition targeted the government over demonetisation during the debate on the motion of thanks to the presidents address in the rajya sabha on thursday.
the motion was introduced by law minister ravishankarprasad prasad with a speech praising prime minister narendra modi.
participating in the debate, leader of opposition ghulam nabi azad said: i had expected this government to be apologetic about demonetisation, hoped to see some signs of remorse, but even in the presidents address they are gloating about demonetisation rbi made some sort of a guinness record by issuing 135 circulars in 50 days, experts were not consulted, atms ran dry, there is reverse migration from cities the bjp knew about it beforehand, that is why they bought land with cash in so many states just days before, on the plea that it was for their state offices.
watch what else is making newsazad also mentioned the months-long curfew in kashmir following the death of militant burhan wani and police action against protesting youths, saying that these did not align with the governments signature tune of sabka saath sabka vikas.
modi listened to the hour-long speech, occasionally speaking to finance minister arun jaitley.
the pm left immediately after azad finished speaking.
demonetisation was the principal target in the speeches of most opposition mps.
the governments penchant for catchy phrases and innovative publicity also came under attack, with sp mp neeraj shekhar terming it slogan india and tmcs derek obrien saying that the pm stood not for the honourable prime minister, but photo minister.
prasads speech was peppered with references to the pm  from recalling the emotional moment when he held a broom to promote swacch bharat, to how it was at modis initiative that this years padma awards went to unsung achievers.
the nation does wake up, only you need someone to wake it up.
even when people were inconvenienced by demonetisation, they said it was for national good, he said, accusing the congress of numerous scams.
sps shekhar said: listening to the number of times ravishankarprasad prasadji mentioned the pm, i was thinking we should have a pms address, not that of the president you think you say swacch bharat and india becomes clean.
this is slogan india.
the pm is permanently in election mode.
accusing the government of indulging in platitudes, obrien said that the budget and presidents speech had proved that demonetisation had failed.
otherwise they would have given us some numbers.
cpis d raja accused the government of having compromised the foreign policy.
b'hans raj bhardwaj hans raj bhardwajunder attack from the opposition over the imposition of presidents rule in arunachal pradesh and uttarakhand, the bjp friday used former law minister h r bhardwajs revelation that the upa government wanted to dismiss the mulayam singh government in uttar pradesh in 2007 to hit back at the congress.
union minister ravishankarprasad prasad said the opposition party should come clean on the issue and added that congress had a history in misusing article 356.
there is nothing new in it.
congresss entire history has been about misusing article 356, he told reporters on the sidelines of an event organised to mark the birth anniversary of lord mahavir.
so what bhardwaj is saying today, it will be better if soniaji and rahulji make a comment on the issue because we receive a lot of messages from them (on alleged misuse of the article), he said.
bjp national secretary shrikant sharma said bhardwajs remarks highlighted the undemocratic manner in which congress chief sonia gandhi deals with state governments led by other parties.
he said the revelations exposed the true character of congress party.
he said critical opinions about the congress leadership have been coming from inside the organisation.
sonia should clarify on bhardwajs comments, he said.
the indian express report on friday had quoted bhardwaj as saying that the congress leadership in 2007 wanted to dismiss the then sp government over alleged corruption but he refused to oblige.
patients will soon be able to get appointments with doctors in 100 district hospitals of the state using their mobile phones.
union minister for electronics and information technology ravishankarprasad prasad tuesday said that the state, with the centres help, would link 100 hospitals under the e-hospital scheme within the next six months.
the e-hospital services will be made available, under which people can seek appointment with doctors using their mobile phones, a pti report quoted prasad as saying.
addressing mediapersons in lucknow with chief minister yogi adityanath, prasad also said that the state would soon be getting 500 para legal volunteers in order to facilitate disposal of cases pending in different courts.
the union minister said 7.
5 lakh cases had been pending over the past 10 years and the issue was discussed during his meeting with the cm on tuesday, where it was decided that the state government would review these cases and take measures to dispose of them quickly.
he said that while the attitude of previous government was not right, things would improve with the modi government at the centre and the yogi government at the state.
a state where crime and mining mafia used to operate (in the past), the (new) cms concern for water and it is indeed praiseworthy, he added.
prasad said that the present governments focus is to bring water and information technology to bundelkhand.
he added that while the state would focus on bringing bpos to smaller cities, it had also been decided that around 1,500 bpo seats would be opened in jhansi and chitrakoot region of bundelkhand alone.
he also informed that tcs will set up 1,000 bpo seats in varanasi.
the union minister said that the government also plans to upgrade software technology parks in the state.
in reply to a question, cm adityanath said that despite the oppositions allegations, the state would attract investments in 1-2 years time, which it has not seen in the past 12-15 years.
many companies have already come, more will come in the future, he added.
prasad added, vipaksha ke araam karne ka samay hai.
union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said on saturday that article 370, which gave special status to jammu and kashmir, had become a platform to shield terrorists and their patrons.
advertisingthe governments decision on article 370 was taken in the interest of the nation as well as the common people of jammu and kashmir, prasad told reporters on the sidelines of the inauguration of the 17th all india meet of state legal services authorities in nagpur, maharashtra.
we should understand that it was a temporary provision and removed in the interest of the country, prasad said.
we always strive for protection of the country and for the people of jammu and kashmir.
we want jammu and kashmir to progress.
the centre had on august 5 announced abrogation of provisions of article 370 and decided to bifurcate the state into union territories  jammu and kashmir, and ladakh  hours after kashmir was placed under a total clampdown.
article 370 had become a platform to shield terrorists and their patrons, but we finished this.
it is for the development of kashmir, prasad said.
the prevention of corruption act, prohibition of child marriage act and law to stop manual scavenging were not applicable there.
which kashmir was this?
the minister asked.
prasad said the administration in the state would take a call on further measures after taking into account the situation.
on a query over pakistan prime minister imran khans statement that india is preparing for a balakot-like strike in pakistan-occupied kashmir, prasad said: we dont have to take notice of what they are saying.
but a strong reply will be given if any action is taken by pakistan.
under the leadership of (prime minister) narendra modi, india is alert about its protection and appropriate reply will given to any terror activities, he added.
delhi university student gurmehar kaur had launched a poster campaign against violence by abvp students at ramjas college delhi university student gurmehar kaur had launched a poster campaign against violence by abvp students at ramjas collegedelhi university student gurmehar kaur early tuesday morning announced that shes withdrawing from the save du campaign  thats protesting against student violence on campuses  saying shes gone through enough.
the 20-year-old daughter of a martyred indian army captain was in the eye of storm following her poster campaign on social media demanding an end to violence on campuses, allegedly by abvp students.
im withdrawing from the campaign.
congratulations everyone.
i request to be left alone.
i said what i had to say.
.
i have been through a lot and this is all my 20 year self could take :) she tweeted this morning.
watch video |gurmehar kaur withdraws save du campaign: heres what happenedkaur, however, urged students to go to the protest march taking place today at khalsa college in large numbers.
the campaign is about students and not about me.
please go to the march in huge numbers.
best of luck.
she adds: to anyone questioning my courage and bravery.
.
ive shown more than enough.
one thing is for sure, next time we will think twice before resorting to violence or threats and thats all this was about.
kaur has also alleged that over the last few days, she has received violent threats including those of rape and murder.
on monday, she approached the delhi commission for women asking that the threats be probed.
the dcw then urged the delhi police to take suo-moto action and arrest those guilty.
on monday, union ministers including kiren rijiju targeted kaur questioning who was polluting her mind, to which she responded saying: i have my own mind, nobody is polluting my mind.
i am not anti-national.
watch | what gurmehar kaur had to say on the issuekaur initiated the campaign after her friends were verbally and physically abused at ramjas college in north campus, allegedly by abvp students.
tuesdays rally by students from delhi university has been called to reclaim campuses spaces and demand that those responsible for last weeks violence  including police officials  be brought to book.
union law and communications minister ravishankarprasad prasad condemned the intimidation.
any kind of intimidation of this young girl is wrong and will be dealt with strongly, prasad told the indian express.
he added: everyone has got the right of freedom of speech and expression.
violence is not permissible at all.
but the country also needs to reflect that those who openly talk of breaking india, demanding that kashmir should be given independence and bastar should be made independent, do they have the right to campaign for breaking of india under cover of freedom of speech?
but violence has no place at all.
union minister of law and justice ravishankarprasad prasad.
(file photo) union minister of law and justice ravishankarprasad prasad.
(file photo)union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad on saturday said any pendency in appointments cannot be laid at the door of the government because the memorandum of procedure for appointment of judges had been sent to the judiciary.
responding to a query on interference in election of judges at the first edition of english daily, the hindus thought conclave the huddle, prasad said it was a misconception as bjp members went to jail for the freedom of the judiciary.
please remove this misconception, we (our party) went to jail for the freedom of the judiciary.
however, the supreme court itself has said the existing system of appointment of judges needs improvement.
we are working in that context.
judges of the 50s, 60s were excellent, he said.
he also said the allusion that the prime minister can be instrumental in the election of the president, the vice president, the chief election commissioner, the comptroller and auditor general but not judges, has to be challenged.
prasad said before the existence of collegium system, india had produced judges of caliber like justices krishna iyer, hidayatullah, gajendra gadkar and patanjali shastri.
can those advocating the collegium system as superior come up with appointments of that caliber?
he asked.
on former cji t s thakurs reported statements on slow rate of appointment of judges, prasad said, since 1993, the collegium system has cleared 75-80 appointments, we have in the last year cleared a 120.
the then chief justice should not have spoken in public, since the cji and law minister speak nearly every fortnight and things can be discussed privately.
responding to a question on why lokpal has not been constituted, prasad said the constitution of lokpal would be delayed as certain amendments are under process.
on uttar pradesh elections, prasad said: how many referendum does modi have to win?
we have won municipal elections, state elections since coming to power.
up is heading for a change, and we trust that the results are going to be different, he said.
in a big boost to the narendra modi government, the parliament on tuesday approved the bill that makes instant triple talaq a criminal offence.
the muslim women (protection of rights of marriage) bill, 2019, was cleared by the rajya sabha with 99 votes in favour and 84 opposing it, after over four and half hours of debate in the upper house.
advertisingthe bill, passed by the parliament two years after the supreme court, in a landmark 3-2 verdict, had struck down instant triple talaq in august 2017.
three of the five judges on the constitution bench had called the practise un-islamic and arbitrary and disagreed with the view that triple talaq was an integral part of religious practice.
here is what happened in the rajya sabha during proceedings#despite not having a majority in the upper house, the ruling government was able to garner enough votes in favour of the contentious bill.
while fence-sitter bjd supported the legislation, jd(u) and aiadmk walked out, lowering the majority mark which normally stands at 121.
the ruling nda has 107 members in the 242-member rajya sabha.
the nda was also helped by the absence of some members of sp and bsp as well as those of telangana rashtra samithi (trs) and ysr congress.
advertisingthe same strategy had helped the government push through the contentious amendment to the right to information (rti) act last week.
#discussion on the bill lasted over four and half hours in the upper house, with the opposition raising objections on the criminality aspect of the bill.
leader of opposition ghulam nabi azad termed the bill as a politically motivated move to destroy muslim families from within their households.
mps opposing the bill demanded that the criminality clause in the bill be removed and it be referred to select committee for scrutiny.
#the rajya sabha rejected the opposition-sponsored motion to send the bill to a rajya sabha select committee with 100 votes against it as compared to 84 in favour.
#the absence of key leaders of the opposition found favour with the nda, which comfortably managed a majority in support of the bill.
oscar fernandes and four other congress mps as also ncp leaders sharad pawar and praful patel were absent from the proceedings.
two samajwadi party mps, ram jethmalani of the rjd, two trinamool congress mps and one member of the telugu desam party (tdp) were also not present.
#opposing the bill, mps raked up mob lynchings and the gujarat riots, asking what has been done for the muslim women victims in these cases.
where was your love for muslim women then, congress mp digvijay singh asked.
#replying to the four-and-half-hour debate on the bill, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad cited jail provisions in thelegislations that ban dowry and multiple marriages by hindu men to justify the three-year jail term for muslim menpractices triple talaq.
taking a dig at the congress, prasad said the party could never achieve majority in the government after the 1986 shah bano case.
i am a minister of narendra modi government and not rajiv gandhi government, he said.
#the law minister said bjp may be getting fewer votes from the muslim community but it considers them very much a part of the country and works on the principle of sabka saath, sabka vikas, sabka vishwas.
he said his party gave the nation a president from the same community.
prasad said the bill should not be seen through a political prism as it is a matter of humanity, woman empowerment and gender equality.
more than 20 islamic nations have regulated triple talaq, he said.
#while discussing the triple talaq bill, bjps ally shiv sena expressed confidence in the ruling party in striking down article 370, and 35a that gives special powers to the state of jammu and kashmir.
advocating for uniform civil code, party mp sanjay raut congratulated the government for bringing the triple talaq bill and strengthening the secular fabric of the country.
#the triple talaq bill was passed thrice by the lok sabha over the last 19 months.
the bill was again passed by lok sabha last week amid a walkout by several opposition parties including the congress and the trinamool congress.
#once granted assent by the president, the practice of muslim men instantly divorcing their wives by uttering talaq thrice will become a criminal offence, punishable by jail term of up to three years.
the bill will replace an ordinance promulgated on february 21 to the same effect.
advertising#hailing the passage of the triple talaq bill by parliament, prime minister narendra modi said that a historic wrong done to muslim women has been corrected and an archaic and medieval practice confined to the dustbin of history.
home minister amit shah described the passage of the bill as a great day for indias democracy.
jdu has concurred with the tmc chief and kerala chief minister pinarayi vijayan that states were not taken into confidence by the centre before banning sale of cattle for slaughter at animal markets.
(illustration by subrata dhar) jdu has concurred with the tmc chief and kerala chief minister pinarayi vijayan that states were not taken into confidence by the centre before banning sale of cattle for slaughter at animal markets.
(illustration by subrata dhar)bihars ruling janata dal (united) led by chief minister nitish kumar said that the party agreed with chief ministers of kerala and west bengal on centres beef ban decision.
the party said that states were not taken into confidence and hence the decision was unconstitutional, ani reported.
mamata, who heads the trinamool congress, on monday had denounced the governments decision to ban the sale of cattle for slaughter at animal markets.
she said that she will not accept it and called the decision undemocratic and unconstitutional.
she said that the centre was making attempts to destroy indias federal structure of government and added that the decision will be challenged legally.
protests were even seen in tamil nadu.
the opposition dmk said that it may launch an agitation against the decision on wednesday.
protests were seen in places like madurai, coimbatore and hosur.
meanwhile, three members of the youth congresskannur yc district president rijil makkutty, workers joshi kandathil and sharafuddinwere suspended on monday.
the punishment was given for the public slaughter of a calf.
the video of the slaughtering went viral on social media and created a furore.
union minister ravishankarprasad prasad had come out to slam the incident.
speaking to reporters at a felicitation ceremony at an abvp event in lucknow, prasad asked why secular forces in the country were silent on the issue.
congress vice president rahul gandhi had earlier called the slaughtering as barbaric.
beef ban issue has raged in the country during the last one year.
the central government has taken many steps during this time to stop the slaughter of cows in the country.
for that end, it has ordered banning slaughter of all bovine creatures in many states, putting stringent sentences on slaughtering of cows etc.
state governments have maintained that the issue is a state subject and the government cannot unilaterally pass such decisions.
they also claim that it is impinging on the basic rights of a person to choose to eat.
b'with former coal secretary h c gupta telling a special cbi court that he will not hire a lawyer since he cannot pay the legal fees, the indian administrative service (ias) fraternity went into a huddle thursday.
the officers decided to intervene and also approach the government for a lasting solution to the issue of retired officers being hauled up before courts for action taken by them in good faith while in service.
after a two-hour closed-door meeting that was attended by 60-odd officers  both serving and retired  it was decided that the ias association would reach out to gupta and try to persuade him to withdraw his application filed in court.
it was also decided that the associations executive body would meet prime minister narendra modi and law minister ravishankarprasad prasad to communicate the duress officers are under if honest decisions are construed as mala fide, sources present at the meeting said.
ias officers take numerous decisions on files every day.
there can be errors of judgement in the course of work.
but that does not mean there is any criminal intent or quid pro quo.
in the larger interest of governance this needs to be understood, sanjay bhoosreddy, secretary of the ias association, told the indian express.
mr gupta has always been a known and respected officer.
for him it seems to be a principled stand.
but considering his age and his stature, we would urge him to reconsider, he said.
among suggestions from various members, a number of strategy options were placed.
forming a corpus fund to afford guptas legal fee was one of them.
officer-bearers said the association already has a corpus fund for the purpose of helping members of the fraternity.
a serving officer, who attended the meeting, said that with the new government repeatedly asking officers to speed up the decision-making process, a demoralised ias cadre can actually lead to policy paralysis.
on civil services day, the pm himself urged all officers to think out of the box and take decisions without fear.
but the legal environment and what is happening may not be compatible with that.
that is what we want to address, he said.
amitabha pande, former secretary to the government of india, said, there was a tremendous outpouring of support for h c gupta.
that apart, if officers fear taking decisions on files, there will be a complete policy paralysis.
one of the major points that came up for discussion was the amendment to the prevention of corruption act.
the association has already given its representation to the select committee of parliament expressing reservations about section 13 (1) d, which they say is draconian.
to paraphrase, it says even if there is no quid pro quo or criminal intent, if the result of a decision benefits someone, the officer is liable.
this kind of law can be an impediment in decision-making, bhoosreddy said.
prime minister narendra modi at the inauguration of the mahagenco 1980 mw koradi thermal power project in nagpur, maharashtra on friday.
(source: pti) prime minister narendra modi at the inauguration of the mahagenco 1980 mw koradi thermal power project in nagpur, maharashtra on friday.
(source: pti)prime minister narendra modi today dedicated 1980 mw of the koradi super-critical thermal power project of state-run mahagenco near nagpur in maharashtra to the nation.
the 1,980 mw capacity includes three units of 660 mw each, which are now completely operational, marking the completion of the last phase of expansion of the project.
the plant currently has one unit of 200 mw, two units of 210 mw each and with the addition of the three units of 660 mw each, its total capacity has increased to 2,600 mw.
with this, the total generation capacity of mahagenco now stands at 12,977 mw, which includes coal-fired capacity of 9,540 mw, gas-based capacity of 672 mw, hydro-based capacity of 2,585 mw and solar capacity of 180 mw.
modi was accompanied by maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis, governor k vidyasagar rao, union roads and highways minister nitin gadkari, union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad, union power minister piyush goyal, union hrd minister prakash javadekar and state energy minister chandrashekhar bawankule among others.
modi, who was in the winter capital of the state today, also paid tributes to babasaheb ambedkar at deekshabhoomi and attended the inauguration programme of various government schemes, organised by niti aayog, at the divisional sports complex, mankapur.
why arif mohammad khanadvertisinga former union minister, who has held portfolios such as energy and civil aviation, arif mohammad khan famously resigned from rajiv gandhis cabinet in 1986, after the government decided to overturn the supreme court judgment in the shah bano case by bringing a legislation in parliament.
a supporter of reforms in islam, khan has opposed instant triple talaq for years.
the practice now entails punishment after the muslim women (protection of rights on marriage) bill, 2019, was last week passed in parliament.
after quitting the congress, khan joined the janata dal and bsp.
in 2004, he joined the bjp but left three years later, saying he felt ignored in the party.
manoj c g: during the triple talaq bill discussion in the rajya sabha, union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said that while the country has moved ahead, the congress is still standing where it was in 1986.
what do you make of the position?
after the supreme courts judgment (on triple talaq), most people were under the impression that now they had got rid of this evil practice.
however, reports of triple talaq cases continued.
advertisingon september 5, 2017, a month-and-a-half after the supreme court judgment, a friend from my old constituency, bahraich, called me.
he said his daughter had been divorced.
her husband works in a state in south india.
his daughter told me, chacha (uncle), i dont even know what really happened.
we had a small argument over something and he suddenly lost control.
i immediately spoke to the local mla and bahraichs superintendent of police.
they tried to explain to the boy that triple talaq was unlawful, but the boy disappeared from bahraichon october 6, 2017, i wrote a six-page letter to the prime minister.
the next day, i had an hour-long meeting with him i complained to him that in 1986, we committed a blunder by enacting a law to reverse the judgment in the shah bano case, and now we will repeat the same blunder if we dont enact a law to ensure that the judgment of the supreme court is respected and followed.
the prime minister told me that the law will be enacted.
the next day, i had a three-hour-long meeting with a team of officers from the law ministry and gave them whatever inputs i could.
eight days later, the (triple talaq) draft was finalised.
the bill was introduced in the lok sabha and passed later, that same girl called me up and said, my husband called me up from andhra pradesh.
he said he will come and take me after four days.
that boy was unnerved just with the passing of the bill in the lok sabhaa lot of noise is now being made about conflating the civil with the criminal offence had parliament made a law without any provision for punishment, would it not have met the same fate as the supreme court judgment?
if people can, in the absence of a provision for punishment, defy the judgment of the supreme court, would they not have defied the law enacted by parliament?
abantika ghosh: but why does the law have to be religion-specific?
this is because, unfortunately, we (muslims) decided a long time ago that our personal law shall be based on religion the (law against triple talaq) should be implemented without any delay.
we should try and purge ourselves of the enormities perpetrated in the name of these religious laws mr (asaduddin) owaisi (aimim chief) is keen on the equality clause  why is a hindu man punished for one year and a muslim man for three years, he asks.
however, no one is being punished for divorce.
here the punishment is for haram, for doing something unlawful.
the supreme court held it (triple talaq) unlawful on two accounts.
first, it is arbitrary, therefore repugnant to the constitutional scheme.
second, they raised a question about the privy councils (affidavit) which admitted that the practice is good in law but bad in religion.
so the supreme court asked how something that is bad in religion can be good in religious law?
so it is unlawfulabantika ghosh: why couldnt the girl from bahraich go to the police with a domestic violence complaint, which includes emotional abuse?
due to large-scale illiteracy, muslims take guidance from the local mullah.
four years ago, maulana muhammad khan sherani, chairman of pakistans council of islamic ideology, in a letter to the then pakistani pm, wrote that while triple talaq was outlawed in 1961, it is as rampant in pakistan as it was before the ban.
this, he said, was because the local mullah tells the family of the girl that this is the law of god he added that unless a provision is introduced to punish the offender, this is not going to come to an end.
in 2018, the new chairman qibla ayaz repeated the same demand and referred to the judgment given by the supreme court of india.
apurva vishwanath: in terms of conviction, the law could face roadblocks.
since the crime is restricted to two individuals, it will be difficult to prove in a court of law.
the law does not ban divorce, not even triple divorce.
the law bans irrevocable divorce in one sitting what is punishable is arbitrary divorce imagine the pressure of society on the muslim woman.
shah bano fought for years and finally secured a judgment from the highest court of the land.
the amount involved was rs 174.
20.
but then she yielded to the pressure of clerics and wrote to the supreme court that i have been told that this provision goes against my religion and so i am not going to avail of it.
for divorce, pronouncement is supposed to happen over three months, husband and wife are supposed to continue to live together for the next three months.
the real test (for conviction) is whether the wife has been turned out of the home or not.
thats physical evidence.
if she does not leave the house, it is not instant or arbitrary divorce.
manoj c g: this law comes at a time when there is a sense of insecurity among muslims in the country.
there are incidents of lynching, people are being forced to say jai shri ram.
in 1986, there was no lynching, there was no bjp, yet the movement started by the muslim personal law board led to the most aggressive and violent use of language.
it was said then that our communitys identity, our religion was in danger, that the courts are trying to interfere in the religious affairs of muslims.
when the muslim personal law boards meeting was held on the india gate lawns, a public call was made to break the legs of those mps, particularly muslim mps, who dared to differ with their position the bjp only had two members in parliament at the time.
in 1946, what was the stand of the muslim league?
if the country is not partitioned then our religion, culture, language will be in danger so if some people have all these fears and insecurities, how are you going to help themi have very strong feelings on lynching because i am a survivor of lynching.
after my resignation in 1986, there were at least three attacks at my house.
then in 1990, they almost had meif anybody is subjected to this kind of treatment because of his faith, colour it is the most obnoxious thing and that cannot and should not be tolerated.
but, at the same time, we must also remember that in the last five years there has been no instance of any major communal riot in india.
if the lynchings are creating insecurity, why does that not create a sense of security?
as far as the common man is concerned, whether muslim or hindu or anybody, they are only concerned about their livelihoods.
it is the privileged sections, at whom, in the name of secularism, some crumbs of power were thrown it is they who are feeling uneasy.
it is they who are creating this fear in the minds of the people.
how is the common man concerned with these things?
abantika ghosh: should there be a law against lynching?
my question is, are we implementing the laws that are already in place?
unfortunately, whenever a problem arises, we make a new law we have enough laws.
a new law can also be made.
ravish tiwari: you speak about 1986, when the party in power had a brute majority, and did whatever it wanted.
there is a majority now too, of a party which fielded only a handful of muslims in the elections, and which is now saying that i will ignore the voices of people from the community concerned and pass this bill.
isnt it the same as 1986?
in a big country like india, how can it happen that i take an action and then fear its consequences.
how can i blame the bjp for it?
why is there such a climate now?
there were fatwas issued by deoband, asking people to wake up before sehri and read such and such wazifah (verse) to ensure that the bjp loses.
in such a climate, how can you expect candidates of the bjp to win?
how is that possible?
be realistic.
but i am hopeful because there has been no major communal riot in the last five years.
also, in the last five years, a large number of muslim youngsters have entered the administrative services.
it has never happened before.
how did this happen?
it is because they are losing their faith in the clergy.
they have now started to stand on their own feet.
they have started giving importance to education.
will the bjp lose elections if you read a wazifah before eating sehri?
are you giving afeem (opium) in the name of religion?
and then you expect the bjp to nominate you for mps post?
in every religion, there is one basic teaching: never blame others for your problems.
others cannot create them.
we were conquered by some because india had become conquerable.
swami vivekananda, swami ranganathananda have said this.
the quran says, take care of yourself.
if you are on the right path, then those on the wrong path cannot harm you.
a bully is insecure and fearful.
a law-abiding citizen never feels insecure, he is never scared.
ravish tiwari: the bjp does not have articulate muslim voices who command historical standing.
how do you convince members of your community, or anyone in the public at large who is not a bjp supporter, that you are not a bjp stooge?
i wont even attempt to convince these people.
whatever i am saying, i havent been saying this since the bjp came to power.
i resigned from the congress government while i was saying these things.
i dont have to prove anything to anybody.
what can be a bigger proof than the fact that i gave up power for this stand (shah bano)?
now is it my fault that in 1986, both the cpi(m) and the cpi were supporting me, and so was the bjp?
its a different matter that after a few years, the cpi(m) started to dilute its stand.
and you must have seen photographs of a cpm leader with a big bindi sharing stage with maulvis.
does she ask them if they ever get the women of their house to such meetings?
they dont feel uncomfortable sitting with you, but they dont allow their own women to come and attend any public meeting.
i dont need to prove anything to them.
ravish tiwari: the sachar committee had detailed the condition of muslims in india with facts and figures.
it seems to some that you have wrong priorities, that you are focused on just this bill and are not putting any pressure on the bjp to improve the condition of muslims in the country.
who made the sachar committee (2005)?
who made the ranganath commission (national commission for religious and linguistic minorities, 2004)?
who made the gopal singh committee (to inquire into the condition of minorities, scs, sts and other weaker sections, 1980)?
(congress governments) when even the minority commission was never given statutory status.
at vigyan bhavan, manmohan singh said muslims have the first claim to the resources of this country.
the next day when a muslim steps out of his house, his neighbour will look at him and think, oh, so now they have the first claim on the countrys resources.
you are only creating hostility for me (muslims).
what does minority mean?
should i accept that my status is less?
should i become the victim of an inferiority complex?
no.
right from 1981, since my first year in parliament, i have said that i find it humiliating when i am told i am from a minority community.
i win with hindu votes, i defeat a hindu candidate am i a minority?
you are only trying to demean, devalue me.
i am a full-blooded proud citizen of india.
i have equal rights.
if i am less than no one, then my responsibilities too are not less than anyone so let me be an indian, religion is my personal affair.
committees like these are made to increase my (muslims) fear and insecurity.
i will demand action that is beneficial for everyone, not for just one community.
manoj c g: is there any hope for the congress?
can it be revived?
the day this (triple talaq) bill was brought to the lok sabha, i ran into (congress leaders) anand sharma, ahmed patel, in parliaments central hall.
i sat down with them for two hours.
i tried to explain to them, look, this was a party with 407 seats, but after the shah bano case, it couldnt touch 200.
the congress called itself secular, but its opponent, the muslim league, used to call it the hindu jamaat.
most urdu newspapers referred to its president maulana azad as the muslim chief of the hindu congress.
in the common mans mind, would the congresss secular image leave an impression or the muslims definition of it as a hindu party?
its always your opponent who defines you, not your supporters.
maulana azad, who was against partition, prevailed upon everybody to accept the cabinet mission plan.
(the 1946 plan upheld the unity of india and rejected the idea of pakistan, but provided autonomy to muslim-majority provinces to run their own affairs.
) the plan was highly undemocratic.
it didnt seek to establish the equality of citizens but parity of communities according to the muslim leagues demand.
azad lost his presidentship because of this.
when nehru became party president, he said, we agreed to the plan, but we cant bind our future generations to this.
(muhammad ali) jinnah jumped at this and said, now there will be partition.
my understanding of the plan was that this was an unfair move to give the league an upper hand.
indians were happy that congress leaders accepted partition to stop the hegemony of the muslim league.
during indirajis time, in 1984, i was the valley in-charge of the congress.
the party had swept jammu and won three seats in the valley.
all parties alleged indiraji had played the hindu card.
in 1984, after indirajis assassination, the congress won more mps than it had done even in 1952.
but the congress surrendered to smaller movements.
the result is it hasnt touched 200 since then.
your ideals may be lofty but if they clash with peoples sentiments, they wont survive.
hollow ideals dont inspire, do what is practically possible.
all i ever wanted was that my children dont grow up in the atmosphere i did in the years following partition.
you cant ignore history.
i want to live in peace with my neighbours.
i cant afford this hindu-muslim thing, i am tired of this.
abantika ghosh: doesnt division happen every time a minister talks in terms of ramzaada-haramzaada, or a cm talks about a green virus?
advertisingthese are highly objectionable, totally unacceptable statements.
but these are the fruits of trees planted earlier.
its time we plant new ones i go to meetings of the rss and say unpleasant things, criticise them.
each time i think they will never call me again, but they do.
thats because when i say unpleasant things, i dont say so outside but in their meetings.
they also call me because these are things i have been fighting for consistently.
look at the environment now.
six months ago, ghulam nabi azad said in lucknow that the atmosphere of the country has worsened so much that 80 per cent of (hindu) candidates who used to call him for campaigning dont do that any more.
what was he trying to do?
if he had to complain, he should have done that in the party.
why say that in public?
the idea was to create fear in the minds of muslims, a sense of victimhood, insecurity.
this is a design and i dont want to be a victim of this insecurity.
contesting his first lok sabha election, from patna saheb constituency, union minister ravishankarprasad prasad argues that while the bjp has also been talking about its development work, the oppositions suggestion that the attacks may have been engineered has made security an issue in these polls.
currently a rajya sabha member, prasad holds the important portfolios of law and it in the nda government and is its face when it comes to tackling contentious issues.
the 64-year-old who began his career as a student leader and was also jailed during the emergency, is confident that the bjp will win the lok sabha polls convincinglyadvertisingravi shankar prasad: the india of 2019 is not the india of the 90s.
its an aspirational india now.
as the minister for information technology, i see a new kind of aspiration in the youth.
the way india has picked up on innovation india has become the second biggest centre for mobile manufacturing.
india is the second biggest start-up country in the world.
also, the security of the country will figure prominently in the (election) discourse.
the alarming regularity with which congress leaders and their gurus have been challenging the whole narrative (of the balakot aerial strikes) will also be a part of the public discourse.
we are quite hopeful of winning the elections conclusively and convincingly.
people of india want narendra modi to be the prime minister once again.
you cant remove someone when there is no alternative  no alternative programmes or no alternative leader.
the people of india are very mature.
they know how to distinguish between a vidhan sabha election and a lok sabha election.
the people of india will ensure that the bjp-led nda will come back to power in a very conclusive manner.
advertisingliz mathew: how different is the 2019 general election from 2014?
before the 2014 election there was policy paralysis, stinking corruption and a sense of hopelessness.
the 2019 election is backed by performance, expectation, india emerging as a global power, which was clear in the way countries supported india at the un security council in our bid to get masood azhar listed (as a global terrorist).
we have ensured the complete isolation of pakistan.
people see this as a continuation of 2014, with the addition of better performance and hope which the government and the prime minister have created.
click here for more election newsliz mathew: what will be the main agenda in this election?
the issues in these elections will be development, economic growth, india being recognised by global industries.
it will be about inclusive development which we have brought about.
nine crore people have benefited from the ujjwala yojana.
we need to remember another statistic.
from 1947 till we came to power, about 6.
25 crore toilets were constructed in rural parts of india.
in the last five years alone 10 crore (toilets) have been built.
also, after the pulwama terror attack, the manner in which opposition parties have raised questions, on the sacrifice of our jawans and the armed forces, which was designed to weaken their morale, has become an issue.
liz mathew: so will the issue of national security dominate the discourse in the run-up to polls?
i wont say that national security will be the only issue.
it is an important issue.
nationalism will be an important issue.
if an argument is made that the entire pulwama tragedy was engineered for political consideration, it becomes an issue.
but we have also been talking about development.
we have talked about the job opportunities we have created in the country and what we have done for the farmers.
krishn kaushik: speaking of jobs, data from the national sample survey offices periodic labour force survey 2017-18 has revealed that for the first time since 1993-94, the actual size of indias male workforce has shrunk.
i seriously question the methodology of this report.
it is a draft report.
what questions were asked?
if you ask, do you have a job, and if you ask do you have a livelihood, the answers are bound to be different.
i also read in your newspaper that job opportunities for urban women have grown.
nearly 14 crore indians have received rs 7.
8 lakh crore (as loans) under the pradhan mantri mudra yojana, of which four crore-plus are first-time entrepreneurs.
is it not employment and livelihood creation?
so many roads have been constructed in rural parts, more than 100 kilometres of national highways around 73.
50 lakh new subscribers were added to social security schemes of the employees provident fund organisation last year.
nearly 127 mobile phone manufacturing units have become operational in 2018 as compared to only two in 2014.
in noida and greater noida (where these units have come up), nearly five-six lakh people have got employment.
so many airports and metros have been added.
all villages have been electrified.
the economy is the fastest-growing economy in the world.
does it mean that no employment opportunity has been created?
i regret to say that the nsso data does not capture this.
krishn kaushik: you said the opposition is questioning the armed forces.
what is wrong with that?
they are not questioning the armed forces but the very authenticity of the balakot strikes; its different.
the foreign secretary has made the government of indias official statement.
the air chief has held a press conference confirming the strikes.
not a single country in the world has questioned the strike.
when you say that give me evidence of the strikes then you are seeking to question the entire narrative.
that has clear implications on morale.
we need to trust our forces.
thats all we are saying.
we are not saying you cannot raise questions.
you can question.
its an accountable government.
the narrative (that the opposition is trying to create) is that the attack was engineered by the government or the ruling party for political purposes and that balakot was an extension of that.
it is regrettable.
also, just to remind you, when osama bin laden was killed, did anyone ask the us where they buried him?
they just released elementary sketches.
rishi raj: there have been a series of dialogues with social media platforms such as whatsapp, facebook and twitter on checking the spread of fake news and leak of users data.
however, there is no clarity on what the government has achieved so far.
we respect freedom of the press.
i appreciate social media because it is a new empowerment tool for ordinary indians.
but the constitutional norms under article 19 should also be kept in mind.
so when a social media platform is used to promote radicalisation, terrorism, massacre, mayhem, we will be tough on them.
they have realised it.
we have also told them that if you abuse the data of indians for collateral purposes, that will not be acceptable.
the election commission is now on the job.
i had issued a warning to mark zuckerberg, a good friend of mine.
the very next day he apologised.
cambridge analytica was issued a notice.
they replied to one and eloped thereafter.
the matter is now with the cbi.
i had an interaction with whatsapp.
in the wake of lynchings, i asked them how was it that on the same day, on the same issue, at the same time, and in the same area, lakhs of the same message are being circulated.
its not rocket science to identify them.
they have now limited forwarded messages to five.
i also told them to set up a grievance cell and office in india.
they have agreed.
pranav mukul: there was a lot being done on the draft personal data protection bill, 2018.
but it yet to see the light of the day.
the bill required more concentration.
i said that since the whole world was awaiting our data protection law, so we must concentrate.
dont forget that the justice b n srikrishna committee submitted that report (draft bill), we had two-three rounds of consultations we needed some more consultation.
i said if they want some more time, go ahead.
i think we are coming back to power and then we will take care of it.
kaunain sheriff m: the revised memorandum of procedure (mop) on appointment of judges has not been finalised yet.
we know that in at least seven appointments, especially names recommended for elevation by the collegiums of the high courts of kerala and allahabad, you have raised objections citing the proximity of some candidates to sitting judges and judicial officers, and asked for a wider pool of names.
will we see some of these criteria in the finalised mop?
i think a judge should not be disqualified merely because of a relationship.
that should not be the only criteria.
if you are independently competent, then why not?
thats our approach and i am very happy that the judiciary also has the same.
my approach to the mop is very clear.
there has to be a screening process based on suitability and merit.
there must be a corpus of competent people to choose from.
there must be an institutional mechanism of screening  at the collegium, high court and supreme court.
that job is still going on.
we will discuss it again.
i have never said that the appointments are bad, i wish to make that very clear.
ravish tiwari: the modi government seems to have a very tense relationship with the judiciary.
why are you so angry with them?
its not about anger.
we had mentioned in our manifesto that the present system of appointments should change.
this has been said in three law commission reports as well.
also, the highest number of judicial appointments have happened in the last five years.
the average appointment of high court judges since 1989 has been between 83-84.
in 2016, there were 126 judges appointed to high courts  the highest in 30 years.
there have been 110-115 (appointments) every year.
about the collegium architecture, the supreme court itself has said that the government has the right to seek reconsideration.
and, whenever we have sought a reconsideration, it has been objective, fair and reasonable.
ravish tiwari: but the government doesnt seem to respond to the judiciarys concerns.
last january, when four senior judges held a press conference and spoke out against the then chief justice, the government was silent.
there was no attempt to address their concerns.
the government should not interfere in the workings of the judiciary.
the government must not at all interfere in the constitutional workings of the supreme court.
i dont want to get into the circumstances under which (the press conference) was held.
the concerns of the judiciary family should be settled in the family itself.
i did intervene in a definitive case.
it was about the appointment of a judge to the karnataka high court against whom there were serious allegations of misbehaviour with a lady.
there was a complaint against him.
i said you will not be appointed till a fair enquiry is conducted.
kiran rathee: you mentioned the increase in mobile phone factories in india.
but these are mostly assembling units.
real manufacturing isnt taking place here.
mostly chinese companies are coming here to set up a base and many indian companies are being pushed out of the market.
i differ with you on the point that these are only assembling units.
assembly is the initial process for manufacturing.
also, i dont agree that indian companies are being pushed out.
overcoming hiccups is a part of the process and we will overcome them.
if you have chinese companies coming here then there are a lot of indian companies in china too.
liz mathew: what do you make of all the hatred and negativity directed at minority communities and muslims on social media?
we dont support it all.
when the lynchings were happening, the prime minister said, unko mat maro, himmat hai toh mujhe maaro (dont kill them.
if you have the courage, kill me).
it was a tough message and tough action has been taken.
but yes, why is the yardstick of secularism only used against us.
what is mamataji (chief minister mamata banerjee) doing in bengal?
the number of religious processions that have been physically stopped there in kerala rss workers are being killed cruelly.
even congress people are being killed.
there has to be a holistic view.
if you look at our record objectively i have raised the issue of triple talaq.
i thought women leaders such as soniaji (gandhi) and priyanka gandhi will do more, but nothing.
these are important issues.
liz mathew: but triple talaq affects less than 2 per cent of the muslim population.
its an important issue, but what about issues such as lack of social development and education that affect the community?
shouldnt the government focus on that?
you cant say why did you do this and not that.
its a gender equality and gender justice issue.
yes, we have to take care of other things as well.
so many women have been covered under the ujjwala yojana, it also includes muslim women.
if two crore people in india have got the benefits of ayushman bharat, it also includes muslims.
of the 14 crore mudra yojana beneficiaries, almost one- third are women, minorities and sc/sts.
it is not from the perspective of getting votes.
it is the duty of the government to take care of everyone.
abantika ghosh: speaking of gender quality, why has the womens reservation bill not been passed yet?
it has been discussed.
at the panchayat level, many of our states have given 50 per cent reservation to women.
in municipalities too.
in a first, the prime minister has given women pilots a chance to fly fighter planes.
we have had bsf women on bullet motorcycles showing their riding prowess on rajpath.
there are other things as well, such as the beti bachao, beti padhao yojana.
yes, there is a genuine divide (on the bill).
we need to build a consensus.
some believe that only obc women should be given reservation.
they believe that if there is blanket reservation, then only elite, educated women will occupy the positions.
some want reservation for obc, sc/st and other extremely backward castes also.
we need to find answers to these questions.
these issues need to be debated.
ravish tiwari: for a long time now we have been hearing about ram lalla, mandir wahin banayenge (we will make the temple there).
advertisingits our firm commitment that a ram lalla temple should be erected.
the matter is in the supreme court.
both the president and the prime minister have said that you have to achieve it through constitutional means.
and yes, we would like the hearing to be expedited.
in the case of sabarimala, section 377, urban maoists, the hearing was expedited.
this suit is 70 years old, and as a lawyer for ram lalla, i know that there is overpowering evidence available on which the argument to expedite the hearing can be made.
i hope the court does that.
waving copies of newspaper clippings, congress members sought resignation of railway minister sadanand gowda.
(source: pti photo)congress on wednesday created uproar in rajya sabha over the alleged leakage of rail budget and forced two adjournments during question hour on the issue.
raising the matter during zero hour, congress members wanted to raise the issue but were disallowed by deputy chairman p j kurien, who said the partys privilege notice was still under consideration of chairman hamid ansari and hence, he would not be able to allow any discussion on it.
congress members including madhusudan mistry, satyavrat chaturvedi and v hanumantha rao wanted to mention the issue of alleged leakage of rail budget.
waving copies of newspaper clippings, they sought resignation of railway minister sadanand gowda.
kurien said the issue cannot be allowed to be raised as it was under consideration of the chairman.
not satisfied, congress members continued to raise the issue and were also supported by sp members ramgopal yadav and naresh aggarwal.
amid din, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said as per well-settled traditions and precedence, if a privilege notice is issued and is under consideration of the chair, its content is not allowed to be mentioned or raised.
he said if the privilege notice is accepted, it goes to the privileges committee of parliament.
congress members had raised the issue during question hour also which led to two adjournments.
b'the cyber attack is deemed biggest in history even as it specialists suggest cyber criminals responsible havent made much monetary benefits.
(representational image) the cyber attack is deemed biggest in history even as it specialists suggest cyber criminals responsible havent made much monetary benefits.
(representational image)the maharashtra anti-terrorism squad (ats) on wednesday denied any hacking or ransomware virus attack to its website.
as hundreds of atms are being shut down in the wake of the wannacry ransomware cyber attack, an expert has dubbed it as an interim measure while suggesting that the government should come up with national cyber security law rather than just giving lip service.
hundreds of atms being shut down in india is recognition of the fact that the ransomware attack which is happening globally is increasingly also looking at india.
merely shutting down atms is interim ad hoc measure.
india needs to look at some more holistic perspective with how to deal with cyber security.
it time for india to come up with national cyber security law which can actually go ahead and define what is going to be the roles, duties and responsibilities of various stakeholders, cyber expert pawan duggal told ani.
asserting that india should expand the scope and ambit of its coverage of cyber crime, duggal called for sound cyber security norms, frameworks and policies for building the digital india ecosystem.
he further said that ransomware should be recognized as a stringent punishable offence under the indian law.
ransomware is still not a cyber crime that is recognized under the information technology act 2000 and it does not get fully covered by provision of the indian penal code.
we should make ransomware a stringent offence punishable with minimum 7 to 10-year imprisonment and fine, he added.
duggal further said that india needs to look at more international cooperation in the context of to detection, investigation and prosecution of these ransomware base attacks.
merely shutting down atms might be a good interim measure but in a long term measure the government should come up with capacity building programmes that inculcates cyber security as a way of life among indian population and inculcates cyber law education as part of school curriculum, he added.
wannacry, the ransomware cyber attack that has affected computers worldwide, has made its way to india, affecting states like west bengal, andhra pradesh, telangana, and kerala.
the cyber attack has been deemed as the biggest in history even as it specialists suggest that the cyber criminals responsible have not made much monetary benefits.
the centre, however, assured that india is not a victim of the ransomware attack, adding that the government is keeping a very close watch to ensure that these attacks can be addressed in an effective manner.
as far as this cyber issue is concerned, the government of india is keeping a very strong watch on it.
as per our information up to date, there have been isolated incidents in very limited areas in andhra pradesh and kerala.
but we have been updating our whole security measures since march itself, software has been installed, union minister of information and technology ravishankarprasad prasad said.
prasad further said that the government is in touch with the banking system to reinforce their architecture.
all these things have led to the current situation that india is not at all the victim of the attack in the manner the other countries of the world are facing today, he added.
b'union civil aviation minister ashok gajpati raju, mos for civil aviation mahesh chandra sharma look on as union minister it and communications, ravishankarprasad prasad during a press conference on national civil aviation policy which approved by cabinet.
(source: pti) union civil aviation minister ashok gajpati raju, mos for civil aviation mahesh chandra sharma look on as union minister it and communications, ravishankarprasad prasad during a press conference on national civil aviation policy which approved by cabinet.
(source: pti)the nda government has unveiled a new civil aviation policy that aims to address the ills of the sector.
by all accounts, it has used broad strokes as well as done smaller tinkering to make the aviation policy more attractivefor new and existing airlines as well as alleviate some of the problems experienced by consumers.
but pleasing everyone is not easy and the new policy reflects the difficulty.
for producers, the government has decided to junk the much-criticised 5/20 clause.
it essentially required that a domestic airline must have operated for five years and must have at least 20 aircraft before it could offer overseas services.
this patently policy-induced hurdle was seen to favour existing private players over new airlines which could have entered the market and provided greater choice to consumers.
the new policy strikes down the five-year requirement.
this is a decision in the right direction, but more importantly, one on which the government could build further  it needs to do away with the 20 aircraft requirement as well.
similarly, the policys attempt to improve services for domestic consumers by ramping up regional connectivity  minister for civil aviation ashok gajapathi raju called it the centrepiece of the policy  suffers from infirmities.
it is creditable that the government has decided to invest in developing 50 no-frills airports in order to promote connectivity in unserved areas, mostly in tier 2 and tier 3 cities.
yet, the accompanying diktat of a price ceiling  rs 2,500 for a one-hour flight ticket  harks back to the licence-permit raj.
what makes it worse is that the government has offered to subsidise private airlines in case the ticket prices exceed this per-determined rate.
this subsidy will reportedly be financed by yet another cess.
again, while investments in infrastructure that enable markets to flourish are welcome, arbitrary price curbs and bureaucratic interference in the affairs of private airlines will most likely lead to rent seeking.
the government should do all it can to ensure that the barriers to entry for entrepreneurs in the civil aviation sector are low.
it should also focus on better and swift regulation to deal with anti-competitive practices by individual airlines.
b'cambridge analyticas office in central london.
(photo: reuters) cambridge analyticas office in central london.
(photo: reuters)at the centre of an international storm for manipulating elections, cambridge analytica (ca), on its website, mentions it has worked in india in the past.
the firms services were used in the bihar assembly elections in 2010 and the india partner of cas parent company allegedly worked with three political parties  bjp, congress and jd(u).
under case studies, the website states, ca was contracted to undertake an in-depth electorate analysis for the bihar assembly election in 2010.
the core challenge was to identify the floating/swing voters for each of the parties and to measure their levels of electoral apathy, a result of the poor and unchanging condition of the state after 15 years of incumbent rule.
read | uk firm that breached facebook data worked in india as well: reportin addition to the research phase, ca was tasked to organise the party base at the village level by creating a communication hierarchy to increase supporter motivation.
our client achieved a landslide victory, with over 90  of total seats targeted by ca being won, states the website.
though union it and law minister ravishankarprasad prasad quoted news reports that cambridge analytica may have been hired by the congress last year, the international data analytics firm has no mention of the congress party.
india partner of cambridge analyticas parent firm, strategic communications laboratories does mention three political parties it has worked for in the past.
ovleno business intelligence (obi), owned by amrish tyagi, son of senior jd(u) leader kc tyagi, lists bjp, congress and jd(u) as its clients on its website http://www.
ovleno.
in, which wednesday evening was taken down.
read | what is the cambridge analytica-facebook controversy all about?
amrish and suspended ceo of cambridge analytica, alexander nix are directors in a ghaziabad-based company named strategic communications laboratories private limited.
while he could not be reached for comment wednesday, amrish had spoken to the indian express on tuesday.
he had said that questions regarding channel 4 news investigations should be directed to cambridge analytica and did not comment on news reports, saying he has been on the move and has not had a chance to see the news.
amrish clarified that his organisation has never been involved in any work dubious work.
another director of obi, himanshu sharma on his linkedin profile had mentioned that obi had managed 4 election campaigns successfully for the ruling party bjp.
his profile also said that to achieve the target of bjps mission 272+, before the 2014 general elections, it handled a call centre management project  profiling of each and every volunteer/ supporter who had extended his/ her support to get involved in our mission 272+ just by giving missed call, sms, or whatsapp to our single nationwide toll free number.
read | facebooks zuckerberg breaks silence on cambridge analytica data scandal; admits mistakes, outlines fixesthe profile also managed the database to be provided constituency wise to bjp candidate as additional support for national elections and state elections of haryana, maharashtra, jharkhand and delhi.
this information was deleted from the linkedin profile by wednesday evening.
read | how huge facebook data trove was used in donald trump us election campaignon tuesday, tyagi had told the indian express that it had for bjp it had managed booth profiling for the uttar pradesh assembly elections in 2012.
for the same elections, he said his organisation had done an opinion poll for a news channel.
for congress, he added that he had done ground surveys for the youth congress elections in jharkhand in 2011 and 2012.
and for his fathers party, jd(u) tyagi said he had done some ground research in 2010.
union minister ravishankarprasad prasad union minister ravishankarprasad prasadunion minister for law and justice ravishankarprasad prasad on sunday said that triple talaq is a major issue in uttar pradesh and that non-bjp parties were keeping mum on it for vote bank politics.
he termed triple talaq as a practice of harassment.
in reference to a triple talaq case pending in the supreme court, prasad told reporters here that the court has sought the central governments stand on the issue.
he said that triple talaq was not a question of religion, but one related to dignity, justice and equality for women.
he said it was not acceptable that a section of women get harassed after 70 years of freedom.
(a pti report quoted prasad as saying at a press conference in ghaziabad on saturday, the government may take a major step to ban triple talaq after the up assembly polls.
we are the only party which respects women.
neither do other parties offer a good place to women nor do they respect them.
)prasad said the bjp has regard for every faith and religion but every pernicious practice cannot become a part of religion.
he said that 20 islamic countries, including egypt, afghanistan and pakistan, have either completely stopped the practice of triple talaq or have controlled it.
he said when control on the practice was not considered against sharia in these islamic countries, then how can a discussion to control it could be against sharia in a secular country such as india.
the bjp in its manifesto has promised that if it comes to power in up, its government will take the opinion of muslim women on the issue and present it before the supreme court.
prasad asked congress vice-president rahul gandhi , up chief minister akhilesh yadav and bsp chief mayawati to spell out their stand on triple talaq and on the question of dignity, justice and equality for women.
they will never take opinion because politics of appeasement is dominating, he said.
when asked whether such an opinion was being taken in other bjp-ruled states, prasad said in states such as madhya pradesh and rajasthan, the state governments were clearly against triple talaq.
the bjp has lined up all its union ministers, along with chief ministers, to campaign in the upcoming municipal polls.
the party has prepared a list of star campaigners which include union home minister rajnath singh, defence minister arun jaitley, information and broadcasting minister m venkaiah naidu, road transport and highways minister nitin gadkari, along with vijay goel, jitendra singh, sanjeev balyan, smriti irani, radha mohan singh and ravishankarprasad prasad.
uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath and deputy cm keshav prasad maurya, along with chhattisgarh cm raman singh, mp cm shivraj singh chouhan, uttarakhand cm trivendra singh rawat, maharashtra cm devendra fadnavis, cm assam sarbananda sonowal, jharkhand cm raghubar das, are also part of the list of star campaigners.
among other star campaigners are kalraj mishra, giriraj singh, ramesh bidhuri, maheish girri and delhi unit chief manoj tiwari.
the list sent for central leadership approval contains 53 names.
the list of campaigners will be sent to election commission for approval.
among celebrities, actress hema malini and actor ravi kishan have been listed.
earlier also, union ministers and chief ministers had campaigned for the party and it had a positive impact.
but this time, with bjp winning states, many from the up have been called in to address the population from up and bihar that constitute a significant chunk of the delhi voters.
big leaders campaigning for the party makes an impact on voters.
it makes voters believe that they are taken seriously.
if our central ministers approach people and promise development, the voter will know that party is thinking about them and their problems will be taken at the highest level, said a senior party leader.
b'prime minister narendra modi (pti/file photo) prime minister narendra modi (pti/file photo)law minister ravishankarprasad prasad today said that the modi government believes in inclusive society and respects the vibrant cultural diversity of india.
in a series of tweets, he stressed on the governments inclusive policies, a day after he had said that the government has given muslims proper sanctity even though they do not vote for the saffron party.
my stand is very clear.
the narendra modi government believes in inclusive society.
it respects the vibrant cultural, diversity of india.
every indian, be it hindu, muslim, christian or a citizen of marginalized deprived community.
development of all is our primary concern.
we dont measure the development of indian citizens on the yardsticks of vote bank, he said.
he also cited incidents of modi acknowledging services of muslims from different walks of life.
prasad said he was proud of imran khan of alwar whose information technology work was talked about by modi in his speech in london.
i salute karimul haq, tea garden worker whose selfless ambulance service to people impressed narendra modi to honour him with padma award, he said in a tweet.
bjp sthapana diwas: prime minister narendra modi and bjp president amit shah during bjp foundation day celebrations.
(source: m venkaiah naidu/twitter) bjp sthapana diwas: prime minister narendra modi and bjp president amit shah during bjp foundation day celebrations.
(source: m venkaiah naidu/twitter)congratulating bjp workers on the partys 37th foundation day, prime minister narendra modi on thursday said it was a matter of great pride that people across the country had placed their trust in the party.
it is a matter of pride that people across india and across all sections of society have placed their trust in bjp.
gratitude to the people, pm modi tweeted.
the prime minister also visited the bjp headquarters in new delhis ashoka road to pay his respects to party ideologue and jan sangh leader pandit deen dayal upadhyaya.
acknowledging the work done by founding fathers of the bharatiya janata party, modi wrote on twitter, on the sthapana diwas of @bjp4india, i congratulate the entire family of bjp karyakartas working across the length and breadth of india.
we recall with pride the hardwork of generations of bjp karyakartas who built the party brick by brick with the endeavour to serve society.
other bjp leaders like rajnath singh, radha mohan singh, piyush goyal, ravishankarprasad prasad, m venkaiah naidu, rajyavardhan rathore and yogi adityanath also extended their wishes on bjp sthapana diwas on twitter.
later in the day, prime minister narendra modi will be visiting jharkhand to lay foundation stone of a multi-modal terminal on river ganga at sahibganj.
b'the law minister said that this was done at a time when exit polls were indicating that the congress-led upa was losing power, and it was a lame duckgovernment.
(express photo: anil sharma) the law minister said that this was done at a time when exit polls were indicating that the congress-led upa was losing power, and it was a lame duckgovernment.
(express photo: anil sharma)with congress mps sharpening their attack on the government over the bank fraud, the bjp on monday unleashed a strong counter-offence and alleged that the previous upa government had aided diamantaire mehul choksis gitanjali group by changing import rules for gold traders, giving a glimpse of the ruling partys defence in the budget session of parliament, which resumed on monday.
sources in bjp said the partys counter to the congress attack will involve an attack on the congress for its blessings for businessmen who committed financial irregularities, exposing frauds in the banking system under economist prime minister manmohan singh, the narendra modi governments resolve to take action against those holding black money, and reforms it has initiated so far.
on tuesday, bjp mps will be given the required instructions and guidelines to roll out the partys strategy when the bjp parliamentary party meets in the morning, sources said.
preparing the ground, union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad monday addressed the media at the bjp headquarters and made a scathing attack on former finance minister p chidambaram and the congress.
for the last four years, the congress has been indulging in a politics of confusion, fear and concoction against the bjp and its government, prasad said.
he said, there was a scheme by the name of 80:20, introduced in august 2013 and repealed in november 2014.
on may 16, 2014, the date of declaration of 2014 election results, the then finance minister gave his aashirvaad to seven private companies under the 80:20 scheme.
one of those companies was gitanjali, prasad said.
under the 80:20 rule, traders were allowed to import gold only after they had exported 20 per cent gold from their previous import.
the rule was scrapped in november 2014 after the nda came to power, prasad pointed out.
the law minister said that this was done at a time when exit polls were indicating that the congress-led upa was losing power, and it was a lame duckgovernment.
it was the height of shamelessness to take such a decision on may 16, he said.
the rbi, prasad pointed out, had cleared the scheme a few days later, before the narendra modi-led government scrapped the decision within months of coming to power.
alleging that the entire banking system went haywire due to all kinds of interference with it under the so-called economist prime minister, manmohan singh, prasad said the congress should answer the questions raised by bjp.
chidambaram and rahul gandhi must answer why this scheme was passed on the day of results to benefit these seven private companies.
chidambaram swayam nahi kar rahe thhe, seedha aashirwaad thha (chidambaram didnt do it by himself, but it had his direct blessings), prasad said.
he reiterated the modi governments stand that no loan given under its tenure had turned into a non-performing asset (npa).
he also said that jatin mehta, a businessman who is also said to have fled india after defaulting on loans, had escaped india in 2012.
photo of ms dhoni posted on twitter by cscegov handle.
photo of ms dhoni posted on twitter by cscegov handle.
aicc general secretary digvijaya singh on tuesday took to twitter and said that it minister ravishankarprasad prasad leaking ms dhonis aadhaar card details was shameful, and he should apologise immediately, adding that another adhaar card should be made for dhoni.
singh also wrote dhonis wife sakshi is fully justified to be angry and upset.
earlier in the day, sakshi dhoni, wife of the former indian cricket team captain, apprised ravishankarprasad prasad of a privacy data breach, after a picture of dhoni giving his biometric details to csc vle, along with his application form, was posted on its official twitter handle.
the union minister liked the tweet without noticing that dhonis details had been shared.
prasad later promised sakshi that serious action would be taken against those responsible.
debates around the aadhaar card and citizens right to privacy have been rife, as the lok sabha on march 10 passed the aadhaar (targeted delivery of financial and other subsidies, benefits and services) bill, 2016, to ensure targeted services to the intended beneficiaries by assigning them unique identity numbers.
the main argument against the aadhaar has been that it infringes upon the citizens right to privacy, which flows from article 21 that talks about the fundamental right to life.
a petition filed in the supreme court in january said that citizens were required to give their biometric information  iris and fingerprint scans  when there is no system that assures them that this data is safe and would not be misused by the private agencies collecting the data.
the sc declined the hearing of the pil, but said that data collection by private agencies might not be a great idea.
chief justice of india js khehar said this after senior advocate shyam divan sought urgent hearing of the plea, citing privacy concerns.
it would become a 100 per cent surveillance state, said divan, adding there were privacy concerns since biometric data was being collected by private agencies.
in october last year, the sc had asked the government to address the basic questions in a democracy governed by law, such as what the privacy rights of citizens are, and whether or not they are all protected equally under this.
following this, it had allowed the government to use aadhaar for mahatma gandhi national rural employment guarantee scheme (mgnregs), national social assistance programme (old age pensions, widow pensions, disability pensions) prime ministers jan dhan yojana (pmjdy) and employees provident fund organisation (epfo).
later, the court clarified that the linking of aadhaar for providing these services will only be on voluntary basis and no person shall be deprived of any benefit for want of an aadhaar card.
b'ravi shankar prasad.
(express photo: javed raja) ravishankarprasad prasad.
(express photo: javed raja)a day before mondays bharat bandh called by dalit organisations to protest the alleged dilution of the sc/st act, the centre on sunday announced that it would move the supreme court on monday to seek a review of its judgement that laid down stringent safeguards before registering a case under the act.
announcing this on twitter, union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad wrote, review petition by the government against the sc judgement on sc/st protection act shall be filed positively tomorrow, monday, april 2.
follow bharat bandh live updates heresources said the decision had been taken at the highest level of the government and prasad and minister for social justice and empowerment thawar chand gehlot were in touch to expedite the process.
the petition will be filed by the social justice ministry, they added.
read | bjps dalit mps want government to file review petition against sc orderin its march 20 judgement, a bench of justices a k goel and u u lalit had expressed concern that working of the sc/st atrocities act should not result in perpetuating casteism and went on to lay down certain procedures to keep a check on false implications of innocent citizens on caste lines.
this invited protests from dalit mps and outfits, among them the bjps mps, who met gehlot and conveyed their concern that the sc order may end up to denying justice to sc/sts.
they also asked gehlot to take the matter up with prime minister narendra modi.
read | in uttar pradesh, a bjp dalit mp speaks up: we need to save constitution, bahujanslater, a delegation of dalit mps, which included the bjps allies  ljps ram vilas paswan and ramdas athawale of the republican party of india (a)  called on the prime minister, who assured them that the government was looking into the matter.
athawale told the indian express after the meeting that the pm said the government is in the process of filing a review petition once the law ministry finishes studying the matter.
on march 26, the ljp filed a petition in the apex court seeking a review of the march 20 judgement.
prime minister narendra modi (r) with union ministers prime minister narendra modi (r) with union ministers arun jaitley (c) and ravishankarprasad prasad at parliament house in new delhi (express photo/praveen jain/file)subsequently, prasad said the government had asked the department of legal affairs to consider the desirability of filing a review and added that appropriate action would be taken once the ministry gave its view.
asked what he thought was the flaw in the supreme court judgment, ljps paswan, while speaking at the indian expresss idea exchange session, had said on friday, any law can be misused and that if riders are added to the sc/st act, poor persons will not even go to file any fir.
express explained | rising pendency, falling convictions: what data on sc/st act trials showopposition congress too had demanded that the government file a review plea, alleging a rise in atrocities against dalits under the bjp-led government.
laying down safeguards against misuse of the act, the supreme court had said on march 20, it has been judicially acknowledged that there are instances of abuse of the act by vested interests against political opponents in panchayat, municipal or other elections, to settle private civil disputes arising out of property, monetary disputes, employment disputes and seniority disputes.
it may be noticed that by way of rampant misuse, complaints are largely being filed particularly against public servants/quasi judicial/judicial officers with oblique motive for satisfaction of vested interests.
telangana cm raises many issues concerning state with modi.
(file) telangana cm raises many issues concerning state with modi.
(file)separate high court for telangana, sanction of iim, and speeding up railway projects in the state were among the list of ten demands that chief minister k chandrashekar rao submitted to prime minister narendra modi in new delhi on friday.
the other demands included central government funding support for kaleshwaram lift irrigation project, allotment of defence land for construction of secretariat building, release of funds for backward districts development, funding support for itir, establishment of an iiit in karimnagar district, setting up navodaya vidyalayas in newly formed districts, and approval for new zonal system.
rao submitted separate letters to the prime minister on each issue.
requesting rs 20,000 crore from the centre for the kaleshwaram project, rao wrote, the project, built at an estimated cost of rs 80,000 crore, will provide irrigation to lakhs of acres in 20 districts and will provide water for drinking and industrial purposes.
for completion of this project, in addition to rs 25,000 crore budgetary provision, we procured loan from financial institutions to the tune of rs 22,000 crore.
i request the pm to extend financial help of rs 20,000 crores.
rao stated that there is a need to issue fresh presidential order to adjust zones, multi-zones and state cadre after the formation of new districts in telangana.
bringing up the issue of establishing a separate high court of telangana, rao stated, people of telangana in general and advocates in particular are eagerly looking forward for the high court of their own.
the telangana chief minister sought bison polo ground and gymkhana grounds in secunderabad to build the secretariat.
the ministry of defence had conveyed its in-principle approval for transfer of the defence lands .
while hyderabad was selected under the information technology investment region (itir) scheme by the centre in 2013, union it minister ravishankarprasad prasad recently said that the centre had dropped the proposal to set up itir.
rao told modi that dropping the proposal would dent the central governments credibility.
b'prasad said the total stretch for the extension is 6.
675 kms long and it will provide transport facilities to a large number of people living in noida, besides catering to residents of close-by areas of ghaziabad.
(express photo by prem nath pandey) prasad said the total stretch for the extension is 6.
675 kms long and it will provide transport facilities to a large number of people living in noida, besides catering to residents of close-by areas of ghaziabad.
(express photo by prem nath pandey)the cabinet may 16 approved the extension of metro rail network from noida city centre to sector-62, which borders ghaziabad in up, with an investment of rs 1,967 crore, union minister ravishankarprasad prasad said.
the new line will be extension of the dwarka-noida city centre line of delhi metro and is proposed to have six stations.
briefing reporters on the cabinet decisions, prasad said the total stretch for the extension is 6.
675 kms long and it will provide transport facilities to a large number of people living in noida, besides catering to residents of close-by areas of ghaziabad.
the minister said noida is expanding in terms of commerce and educational facilities and the extended line will help in greater mobility of people.
the project will also result in development of more residential and commercial complexes in the region and also help more to move to the satellite town of delhi, thus decongesting the national capital, an official release said.
under delhi metro corridor, metro line will be extended from noida city centre to sector 62, noida rs 1,967 crore would be spent on the expansion, prasad said.
the centres liability will be to tune of rs 340.
60 crore on account of grant and subordinate debt for the project, an official release said.
project will be implemented by delhi metro rail corporation ltd (dmrc), the existing special purpose vehicle (spv) of the centre and delhi governments.
with metro rail in place, there will be less vehicular traffic on roads leading to less congestion, less time and cost of journey, less consumption of fossil fuel and less environmental pollution, the release said.
about 800 staff, including engineers, are currently working at the project site and the dmrc has started the procedure for recruitment of around 200 employees for operation and maintenance of this corridor.
about 81 per cent progress of civil work and 55 per cent of overall financial progress of the project have been achieved, the release said.
the population of noida as per 2011 census is about 6.
42 lakh.
b'addressing the press conference on the partys foundation day, ravishankarprasad prasad said that as far as the congress was concerned it was family incorporated.
(source: twitter) addressing the press conference on the partys foundation day, ravishankarprasad prasad said that as far as the congress was concerned it was family incorporated.
(source: twitter)the bjp is a big platform of national unity and a party of all indians and for whole india, senior leader ravishankarprasad prasad said on the partys foundation day on friday.
prasad said that broadly three categories of people opposed the party  the leftist, the congress and chronic socialists other than ram manohar lohia, and it was clear where all these people stood today.
the whole ideology of leftist was imported from outside therefore they are left out.
we wiped out cp(m) from tripura and in next election we will defeat them in kerala.
and i am saying this with humility, prasad told reporters at the bjps head office here.
addressing the press conference on the partys foundation day, he said that as far as the congress was concerned it was family incorporated.
regardless of the potential or talent, the top leadership of the party can go to family only, whereas in bjp a booth worker can become prime minister.
and we all are proud that our (party) promotes such people, prasad, the union law minister, said.
taking on chronic socialists, he said ram manohar lohias socialist movement today had become a family movement.
now, bjp is a party of all indians and the party is with all india, prasad said while referring to partys performance in nagaland where more than 90 per cent of the population is christian.
the party has no prejudices against any one, he noted.
talking about the partys journey, prasad described it into three-phases.
the first phase was when the party worked for the countrys culture and heritage such as goa liberation movement.
in the second phase, the party fought against the emergency for safeguarding the rights of the people and in the last phase, the party fought a battle against vote bank politics and by pushing cultural nationalism.
in 1984, we got only two seats and now after more than 30 years we got clear majority, because narendra modi emerged as a ray of hope for the people and under his leadership india is today treated as global power and modi as a global leader, prasad said.
he also praised the role of bjp president amit shah in strengthening and expanding the party.
his (shah) leadership injected new energy into the party cadre and bjp today with more than 11 crore members is the worlds largest political outfit, he said, while noting that the new initiatives taken by shah led to the expansion of the party.
today, the bjp is a platform for all indians with one voice, one slogan and one commitment to make india a global power, he said.
the bjp is a big platform of national unity , he added.
he also expressed the gratitude on behalf of the party to its allies.
a day after the cbi said in its chargesheet that ishrat jahan encounter was fake,the jd(u) came up with the bihar connection of the girl to poke the bjp.
it asked the bjp if it was with the daughter of bihar or the gujarat government.
bjps reply was prompt.
it asked the jd(u) why the party did not invoke the bihar connection when muslim youths from madhubani and darbhanga were being arrested for their im links or when a bihar boy was killed in a police encounter in mumbai a few years ago.
jd(u) rajya sabha mp ali anwar said ishrats grandmother wali mohammed was a resident of khagaul near patna and had moved to mumbai in the 70s.
he said though there was no paternal house at khagaul now,ishrats mother shamima kausar had confirmed that she lived in a rented house shahganj in patna till 1993 and later moved to thane,mumbai.
ishrat,second of her seven children,was born in patna in 1985 and did her primary education here.
it was only during an informal conversation with a common acquaintance that i had come to know ishrats bihar link.
though we had always been raising the fake encounter case,her bihar background gives us more reasons to share the concerns of her family for a fair probe, anwar said.
he said with an aggressive bjp attacking the cbi probe,the party should tell if it was on side of a daughter of bihar or the gujarat government.
shamima hails from jamalpur and her brother mujib-ur-rahman is a lab technician in the national institute of technology,patna.
ishrats case has brought so much pain and tribulations to her relatives that her uncle has gone on leave to avoid the media, anwar said.
senior bjp leader ravishankarprasad prasad said,why all of a sudden jd(u) has been talking of ishrat being a daughter of bihar?
why did not nitish kumar talk of bihar connection when muslim youths from madhubani and darbhanga were arrested with im links.
why didnt jd(u) talk of patna boy rahul raj who was killed in police encounter in mumbai a few years ago?
he said a state government that could not help former minister ashwini kumar choubey when he was trapped in kedarnath has no moral authority to talk of bihar connection.
prasad said the bjp wanted a debate on fake encounters.
i request you to have this site blocked immediately and initiate action against the owners/developers of the website and the agency which is hosting this website, the minister wrote, as reported by pti.
(file) i request you to have this site blocked immediately and initiate action against the owners/developers of the website and the agency which is hosting this website, the minister wrote, as reported by pti.
(file)union women and child development minister maneka gandhi wrote a letter tuesday to the information & technology minister ravishankarprasad prasad asking to block a website which claims to calculate the dowry amount for prospective grooms and take action against its developers.
maneka gandhi pointed out in the letter that the website, http://www.
dowrycalculator.com, is not only shameful but is illegal as it promoted dowry.
on filling out categories like, age, caste, profession, monthly income, skin colour etc.
, of the prospective groom, the website calculates the amount of dowry the potential groom can expect to receive.
i request you to have this site blocked immediately and initiate action against the owners/developers of the website and the agency which is hosting this website, the minister wrote, as reported by pti.
taking a legal course of action, gandhi said that she had put in a request with the secretary in the ministry of wcd to initiate proceedings under the dowry prohibition act in this matter.
dowry is a punishable offence in india under the dowry prohibition act, 1961.
the dowry calculator website begins with a statement, dedicated to all the match making aunties of india.
while 120 lok sabha seats from uttar pradesh and bihar hold the key to bjps bid for power at the centre in the general elections next year,the pace of party preparations in the two states presents contrasting pictures.
in uttar pradesh,politically the most crucial for the saffron party,no district-level rally has taken place so far while in bihar the party has already held 19 such rallies.
we have completed district-level rallies in 19 districts and plan to complete three more by october 3 after which we will start preparing for the october 27 hunkar rally in patna to be addressed by narendra modi.
after october 3,we will hold block and panchayat-level meetings in 12 districts around patna to mobilise support for the october 27 rally.
the rallies for the remaining districts will be taken up after hunkar rally, former bihar deputy chief minister and senior party leader sushil kumar modi told the indian express.
he claimed each of these rallies saw gatherings of up to 15,000 people.
apart from him,senior party leaders from the state ravishankarprasad prasad,rajiv pratap rudy and shahnawaz hussain have been regularly participating in these rallies.
in contrast,party sources from uttar pradesh said there has been no district-level rally till now in the state,where the party seems to be relying on the charisma of narendra modi and his key aide amit shah,who is the general secretary in charge of the state.
all that the party leaders from the state highlight is that the bjps prime ministerial candidate has planned to start addressing rallies in the state before he begins in bihar.
our entire focus appears to be on the eight rallies of narendra modi in different parts of the state and one mega rally in lucknow, said a senior leader from the state.
the first three rallies will be held in kanpur,jhansi and bahraich.
the other venues are gorakhpur,meerut,aligarh,bareilly and varanasi.
please note,these rallies will be held in the states urban centres (except bahraich),where the party has had substantial presence.
the party needs strengthening in the rural areas of the state, said a leader,underlining how these rallies by modi could not be a replacement of what the partys bihar unit has been able to do in the past three months.
party sources admit this is a poor reflection on the partys weakened organisation in uttar pradesh,which has 80 seats in the lok sabha.
it was this realisation that got party president rajnath singh to depute shah as general secretary in-charge of the state to revive the party unit.
however,party sources claimed it did not appear to make much difference with initial tension between shah and another party general secretary varun gandhi.
initially,what we gathered,there appeared a clash brewing between shah and varun.
so much that over 30 mlas supporting varun sought to mount pressure on shah.
however,the party leadership intervened and a working relationship was struck between both the leaders, confided a bjp functionary.
b'balyans statement came after bjp mla sangeet som and party mp yogi adityanath sought action against akhlaqs family and asked the up government to recover the compensation it had paid to them.
balyans statement came after bjp mla sangeet som and party mp yogi adityanath sought action against akhlaqs family and asked the up government to recover the compensation it had paid to them.
union minister sanjeev balyan monday demanded a probe to find out who all had consumed the cow meat that was allegedly found outside the house of mohammad akhlaq, who was beaten to death by a mob eight months ago in dadris bisara village, following allegations of beef consumption.
balyans demand came in the wake of a report from a forensic laboratory in mathura that the meat sample recovered from outside 50-year-old akhlaqs house belonged to a cow or its progeny.
a cow weighs nothing less than 150 kg and one person alone cannot consume it.
there should be a probe into what happened and who were involved in the crime, balyan, minister of state for agriculture and farmers welfare, told the indian express.
share this article related article akhlaqs family to knock allahabad hcs door, seeks quashing of firakhlaqs family to knock allahabad hcs door, seeks quashing of fir dadri lynching: hearing on petition against akhlaqs family adjourned till june 23dadri lynching: hearing on petition against akhlaqs family adjourned till june 23 dadri lynching: cpm targets pm modi, asks why sanjeev balyan has not been sackeddadri lynching: cpm targets pm modi, asks why sanjeev balyan has not been sacked in public life, should learn to take a joke: union minister ravishankarprasad prasadin public life, should learn to take a joke: union minister ravishankarprasad prasad dadri lynching: cm akhilesh questions authenticity of lab report, bjp says book themdadri lynching: cm akhilesh questions authenticity of lab report, bjp says book them dadri lynching: family of accused wants action against akhlaqs familythe forensic report has proved that the meat found in akhlaqs house was that of a cow.
cow slaughter is banned in uttar pradesh.
we should know who all consumed the meat.
a probe will bring the facts out, balyan said.
balyans statement came after bjp mla sangeet som and party mp yogi adityanath sought action against akhlaqs family and asked the up government to recover the compensation it had paid to them.
the bjps official spokespersons refused to comment on the demands made by adityanath and som, but the partys general secretary kailash vijayvargiya sought action against akhlaqs family.
if the law permits action against someone who breaks the cow-slaughter ban, it should be taken.
you cannot ignore laws in the name of minority vote-bank politics.
every one is equal before the law.
you cannot have privileges simply because you belong to a minority, vijayvargiya told the indian express.
it is generally understood that public safety is the first duty of a government, but it has taken a petition in the supreme court to secure the safety of kashmiris in 11 states across the country.
the court has directed the delhi police commissioner and the chief secretaries and dgps of jammu and kashmir, uttarakhand, haryana, uttar pradesh, bihar, meghalaya, chhattisgarh, west bengal, punjab and maharashtra to ensure the security of kashmiri citizens and other minorities.
a bench led by chief justice ranjan gogoi required these officials to take prompt and necessary action to prevent incidents of threat, assault, social boycott etc against kashmiris and other minorities.
it is their duty to protect citizens, but it took a court order to remind them of it.
advertisingthis amounts to a sharp response to a government living in denial of the feeling whipped up against the community following the pulwama attack.
this is not the first time that an entire community has been demonised for the actions for a tiny handful of its members, and the government should have acted swiftly to reassure them.
on the contrary, human resource development minister, prakash javadekar, announced that the community was at no risk, at a time when reports of the targeted harassment of students and migrant labour were appearing in the media.
institutions were publicly denying admission to kashmiris, and workers were living in fear.
imminent violence in delhi was prevented by police action.
at the same time, meghalaya governor tathagata ray tweeted in support of a nationwide boycott of kashmiris, and kashmiri products and businesses.
it was a sentiment that recalled a dark time in europe, caused an uproar in society, but was met by the government with a disconcerting silence.
it took far too long for union law minister, ravishankarprasad prasad, to speak against the motion, and he limited himself to saying that he did not agree with it.
the cumulative result is that the citizens of one state, already alienated, are now certain that they are unwanted.
historically, the supreme court has served as the custodian of the public weal, intervening to secure a range of assurances, from the protection of undertrials to that of the environment.
however, it should not have been necessary for citizens to approach the highest court to secure the safety of a community.
in addition, the opposition has also been surprisingly reluctant to contest problematic statements on the issue.
it, too, has failed in its duty, which is to call out the government when it falters.
it is a lasting shame that the political class, across parties and ideologies, chose to be silent when mobs threatened to turn the anger over the killing of security personnel inward and against a particular community.
b'welcoming the trai decision barring differential pricing on the internet, senior bjp leader ravishankarprasad prasad, who is also the union minister for communications and information technology, said it was fully in line with the bjp-led nda governments vision of open and fair internet and support to net neutrality.
in a statement issued from the bjp office, prasad said the decision would give a strong impetus to prime minister narendra modis dream of digital india.
read | trai slams the phone on differential pricing; telcos, facebook disappointedit may be added that the congress party tried its best to create an atmosphere of distrust and fear while the process was going on and in the process made a deplorable attempt to mislead the people for the sake of petty politics.
today they stand completely exposed, he said.
trai slams differential pricing for internet services: what it meansprasad added that the government made sure proper processes were followed at all levels which eventually led to the victory of an open and equal internet.
read | key points from the trai orderit is gladdening to see that the nda government ensured unparalleled transparency in the entire issue of net neutrality, said the union minister.
congress vice-president rahul gandhi, who had earlier voiced support for net neutrality, welcomed trais decision, calling it a big win for internet users in india.
read | facebook free basics and net neutrality debate: all that has happened so farhe praised those who campaigned tirelessly and fought hard to ensure that internet remains free and equal for all.
rahul had last week accused the government of delaying a decision on the net neutrality issue on the pretext of repeated discussions and taken a dig at modi, saying his digital india scheme cannot become a euphemism for an internet controlled by large remote corporations.
the congress said the government should now look sincerely into the problem of call drops.
the partys communication department head randeep surjewala said the trai decision, though taken after contradictory posturing on part of the government vindicates the demands of millions of net neutrality supporters.
it proves that determination and grit of 21st century indians on an idea like free internet founded on core value of freedom can win over the interest of big lobbyists and corporations, he said.
read | net neutrality: now rahul gandhi joins debate, slams govt for delay in decisionwe hope now the government will look seriously and sincerely into the issue of call drops that is afflicting nearly 100 crore mobile phone users across service providers, he added.
the trinamool congress too welcomed the trai decision, claiming that the party raised the net neutrality issue in parliament from april 2015.
party mp derek obrien tweeted: from april 2015, (we) have raised issue of #netneutrality inside & outside #parliament.
b'net neutrality has implications for issues concerning the development of the internet and its adoption in india.
net neutrality has implications for issues concerning the development of the internet and its adoption in india.
net neutrality is a principle that promises equality for all packets of data over the internet.
the topic has spurred wide public debate and credit for this goes to trai, which has set high standards for public consultations.
in august 2014, faced with growing demands by telecom companies for separately charging users and internet companies for data-heavy web services, it organised a high-level seminar.
there seemed to be a sharp difference of opinion and peace was brokered at the time by a statement that a consultation paper would be released on it soon.
a consultation paper provides the necessary background of policy choices and legal regulations on the basis of which inputs are invited from the public.
after these inputs are received and published, it may provide an opportunity for additional counter-comments before publishing its recommendations.
the consultation paper on ott (over the top) services didnt come without public nudges by various stakeholders due to repeated violations of net neutrality.
it was highlighted that violations were eroding the basis of any future rules and could shape usage patterns and business practices that would render future net neutrality rules toothless.
when the consultation paper on ott services was finally published in march 2015, it made several comments that lacked balance.
trais delay and lack of familiarity with new technologies caused disgruntlement.
towards the end, an unprecedented number  more than a million people  participated and sent in their comments.
it has been more than six months since the counter-comments were sent to trai.
it has still not published its recommendations.
however, it has, without clarifying its position on or concluding the ott consultation, issued a subsequent paper on differential pricing of data services in december.
differently pricing data services is a core issue of net neutrality and covered in the consultation paper on ott services.
while the contents of the new paper are reason for optimism  it states how trai can use its tariff regulation power to regulate net neutrality  the document has also been viewed with suspicion, as a delaying tactic.
the delay has been compounded by a lack of clarity on the path the consultation processes are following.
parallel to the trai consultations, two other processes on net neutrality are underway: first, the department of telecoms (dots) report on net neutrality, which, on one hand, makes actionable recommendations and, on the other, is ambiguous about details.
further, its somewhat irregular for it to preempt trai with a report.
the dot usually waits its turn and exercises its power to issue regulations on the basis of trai recommendations.
then, theres the rajya sabha standing committee on information technology.
communications minister ravishankarprasad prasad has said the dot will wait for trai to make recommendations.
but theres a lack of clarity on how these different reports and recommendations will be considered.
the four processes, although well-intentioned, will undoubtedly result in contradictions and delays at the cost of net neutrality.
this has reportedly been mitigated by trai asking reliance to halt internet.
org/ free basics services, which, as per the dot report, violate net neutrality.
however, it isnt clear if this is a legal order.
in fact, users have reported that internet.org/ free basics remains accessible.
delays increase regulatory uncertainty.
the absence of clear norms only furthers the interests of incumbents with sizeable market power, which have the ability to take on risks in circumstances of ambiguity.
this is clear from facebooks resistance to maintaining the status quo on free basics.
facebook has, instead, sought to expand it to further telecom circles in the midst of this consultation.
net neutrality has implications for issues concerning the development of the internet and its adoption in india.
these include licensing of internet applications like those permitting voice calling, payment of carriage fees to telecom companies, and zero-rated plans like internet.org/ free basics.
the longer these issues linger, the more violations will occur and the status quo may become the norm.
it will likely lead to a further undermining of public trust in a consultation that has seen record participation.
its necessary that a clear timetable and process for bringing in net neutrality laws in india is announced at the conclusion of the counter-comments period for the consultation on differential pricing of data services.
b'union minister thawarchand gehlot made the announcement through his official twitter handle and appealed to the people to not agitate on this issue.
union minister thawarchand gehlot made the announcement through his official twitter handle and appealed to the people to not agitate on this issue.
the central government friday decided to file a review petition against the supreme court order that laid down the stringent safeguards before registering a case under the scheduled castes and the scheduled tribes act, 1989.
union minister thawarchand gehlot made the announcement through his official twitter handle and appealed to the people to not agitate on this issue.
on thursday, the government said it would take the decision after examining the desirability of filing a judicial review against the top court order.
union minister of law and justice ravishankarprasad prasad had said the department of legal affairs has been instructed to consider the desirability of filing a review and that appropriate action will be taken once the ministry tenders its opinion.
there is widespread concern regarding this issue.
we understand the sensitivity of the matter.
the government has taken note of the judgment of the supreme court laying down new norms as far as the sc and st acts operation is concerned.
i have instructed the ministry of law to consider the desirability of filing a review.
appropriate follow-up actions are to be taken by the ministry, prasad said at a cabinet briefing.
the move came a day after a delegation of dalit mps met prime minister narendra modi over the issue.
last week, women and child development (wcd) minister maneka gandhi had said that the nri marriages would need to be registered within 48 hours.
(express photo by prem nath pandey) last week, women and child development (wcd) minister maneka gandhi had said that the nri marriages would need to be registered within 48 hours.
(express photo by prem nath pandey)all nri marriages solemnised in india would need to be registered within seven days, the ministry of women and child development said on thursday.
if the nri marriages are not registered within seven days, the passports and visas would not be issued.
last week, women and child development (wcd) minister maneka gandhi had said that the nri marriages would need to be registered within 48 hours.
the decision for mandatory registration of marriages within seven days was taken yesterday after a group of ministers  gandhi, home minister rajnath singh, external affairs minister sushma swaraj and law minister ravishankarprasad prasad, met to map out legal solutions for redressing the issues faced by women in nri marriages.
officials at the ministry said that the discussions were held for enumerating fine details on ways to resolve the issues related to nri marriages.
another proposal discussed was holding the properties of nri offenders in escrow in case they abscond abandoning their spouse.
escrow is a legal concept in which a financial instrument or an asset is held by a third party on behalf of two other parties that are in the process of completing a transaction.
the official said the move would require amendment of three legislations- code of criminal procedure, marriage act and the passports act.
the three ministries were asked to formulate a draft legal amendments to give effect to decisions taken at the meeting.
as of now, there is no time frame to register marriages in india.
however, a law commission report has recommended that the time limit to register marriages should be restricted to 30 days after which a penalty of rs 5 per day could be imposed.
the ministry had earlier constituted an integrated nodal agency (ina) with representatives from the ministries of external affairs, home affairs and law and justice to look into matrimonial disputes involving non-resident indians (nri).
according to the recommendation of the national commission for women (ncw) and the decisions taken in the ina, look-out circulars are issued as per criteria defined by the mha, for keeping a watch on arrival or departure of nri husbands and preventing them from leaving india, the ministry had said.
if jayalalithaas death and sridevis can receive carpet coverage stretching into endless days, why did 39 dead indians have to vie for space with the opposition?
if jayalalithaas death and sridevis can receive carpet coverage stretching into endless days, why did 39 dead indians have to vie for space with the opposition?
many unrelated events and issues this week, so do forgive a somewhat haphazard column without a phantom thread lacing it together.
if news channels must be partisan, can they be a little more sophisticated about it  not in your face?
on wednesday, after it minister ravishankarprasad prasad accused the congress of using cambridge analytica, news x was all fired up: data theft singes congress, it headlined, raga rattled.
but #votefixingscam on republic, and cong-bjp brainwashing you?
on times now suggested what sreenivasan jain on ndtv 247 explained: that cambridge analytica claimed to have worked with both national parties.
and then theres mosul.
the death of 39 indians, confirmed by external affairs minister sushma swaraj in the lok sabha, tuesday, got times now and news x stiff with self-righteousness.
for them, netagiri over death and how the opposition trivialises death by allegedly shouting slogans during swarajs announcement, were the key takeaways.
they deplored the morally bankrupt congress at the lowest point in indias polity (times now)  it cant get more shameful (news x).
really?
others went to mosul: abp, aaj tak, replayed old coverage of mosul.
abp interviewed a bangladeshi in mosul in and about 2014 when the indians went missing and showed us what it claimed was the grave where the indians were buried; aaj tak had its reporters mosul visit last year.
cnn news 18 interviewed harjit masih the man who escaped mosul to tell the tale of how the indians had died but was contradicted by the indian government.
meanwhile, the likes of ndtv india, republic, spoke to the bereaved families shocked to learn of the deaths from tv.
while reporters/anchors like meetu jain (india today) questioned the governments actions on the mosul tragedy, by evening channels like times now and republic went after the congresss lingayat card in karnataka, deploring the party of deplorables in debates.
it saddens and puzzles you: if jayalalithaas death and sridevis can receive carpet coverage stretching into endless days, why did 39 dead indians have to vie for space with the opposition?
congressman kapil sibal was pretty deplorable too.
at the congress plenary discussion on the media, he said the party should give a commitment that when in power it would act against those who had misused the media (durupyog).
rajeev gowda deplored the lack of courage of the media and randeep surjewala said that journalists were loud speakers not answer seekers.
all journalists should be very, very worried about a future congress government, notwithstanding rahul gandhis promise to protect the media, during his plenary session speech.
that speech was hard-hitting and once again underlined that the reluctant politician in rahul is someone of the past.
better than her speeches, sonia gandhis rare media interaction with aroon purie at the india today conclave in mumbai was highly watchable.
she was relaxed and fairly honest: asked about giving advice to prime minister narendra modi, she was taken aback: i wouldnt dare advise him.
why did she not become pm in 2004?
i was aware of my limitations.
coalition partners for the congress in 2019?
difficult, because at the ground level we are opponents.
zees sudhir chowdhury is not known as an answer seeker of the bjp.
so it was a pleasant surprise to see him quiz bjp president amit shah on the bypoll losses, going so far as to suggest that there was a touch of arrogance (ahankar) in the party, prompting shah to testily remark that his questions seemed prompted by the congress!
shah had interviews with times now and india today too where he blamed rahul gandhi for everything.
what else is new?
surjewala was wrong: tv news anchors across channels do seek answers but some seek them from only the opposition.
however, after the bjps bypoll defeat, especially in gorakhpur, sonias dinner for opposition leaders, the tdps withdrawal from the nda, a possible no-confidence motion in parliament, got even times now, republic and news x wondering whether the khichdi coalition (times now) might lead to a modi mukt india?
are the times now a changin?
want something weird?
the opening episode of a new tv series, bepanah (colors), ends with the car accident death of a man and a woman  married to another woman and man.
the police extricated the injury-free bodies from the remains of the vehicle and laid them out under white sheets.
when the respective spouses cradle their bodies, they find that they are still firmly holding hands  huh?
want some good tv?
the handmaids tale is just a remote switch away: margaret atwoods dystopian novel adapted so well for television, seems to tell the story of us, now (axn).
b'mayawati said if the bjp ministers were unable to respect the judiciary, they should at least refrain from insulting it.
(file photo) mayawati said if the bjp ministers were unable to respect the judiciary, they should at least refrain from insulting it.
(file photo)bsp supremo mayawati on tuesday accused the narendra modi government of insulting the judiciary as she slammed the central dispensations tendency to demean one of the important pillars of democracy.
the malicious behaviour of the executive with the judiciary is not right.
and it is an indication of the centres opinionated and arbitrary character, she said in a statement.
it is unfortunate as it is the judiciary alone which is a ray of hope for the people of the country and the opposition, as bjp governments at the centre and states are working against the pious intention of the constitution, she said.
the bsp chiefs response came after law minister ravishankarprasad prasads statement on monday that the executive was not committing a cardinal sin by seeking reconsideration of some proposals made by the supreme court collegium on the appointment of judges.
read | recommendation for judges elevation: no cardinal sin to seek rethink by sc collegium, says ravishankarprasad prasadreferring to allegations that the centre was stalling appointments to the supreme court and the 24 high courts, prasad said neither the law minister nor the law ministry was a post office which would only process recommendations of the collegium on the appointment of judges.
mayawati said if the bjp ministers were unable to respect the judiciary, they should at least refrain from insulting it.
if the union law ministry is not a post office, it has no right to become a police station, as the same has not been guaranteed by the constitution.
this should be modestly accepted by the government of narendra modi, and an improvement in behaviour brought vis-a-vis insulting the judiciary.
this will be in the interest of the nation, she said.
the modi government had come under attack when it returned to the collegium its recommendation to elevate uttarakhand high court chief justice k m joseph to the supreme court, citing seniority and regional imbalance.
smriti irani has been removed as i&b minister while piyush goyal has been given the additional portfolio of finance.
(express photos) smriti irani has been removed as i&b minister while piyush goyal has been given the additional portfolio of finance.
(express photos)days before the government marks its fourth year, prime minister narendra modi reshuffled portfolios of his ministers, temporarily assigning finance ministry and corporate affairs to piyush goyal during the period of indisposition of finance minister arun jaitley who underwent a renal transplant surgery on monday.
and removing smriti irani from the information and broadcasting ministry and assigning it to minister of state (independent charge) rajyavardhan singh rathore who has been mos in the ministry since november 2014.
while goyal will continue with his charge of railways and coal ministries, the reshuffle made two lateral shifts as well: alphons kannanthanam was relieved of his duties as minister of state in the ministry of electronics and information technology.
he has been replaced by s s ahluwalia who will assist cabinet minister ravishankarprasad prasad in the ministry.
while kannanthanam retains his duties as mos (independent charge) in the ministry of tourism, ahluwalia has been relieved as mos in charge of drinking water and sanitation to take charge as mos in the ministry of electronics and information technology.
this reallocation of portfolios was announced late evening by rashtrapati bhavan.
since there is neither any new induction nor there is a change in ranks of the reshuffled ministers, no swearing-in ceremony is required for this.
though the press communique called it a reallocation of portfolios, it also signalled the changing political weight of the ministers.
assigning finance to piyush goyal during jaitleys indisposition reflected an enhanced trust in goyals capabilities to handle such a high-profile responsibility while retaining his heavyweight portfolios like railways and coal.
the move also comes after the leg-up goyal got during the cabinet reshuffle last september when he was elevated to cabinet rank and assigned the politically important railways ministry.
the temporary charge of finance adds to the rising profile of goyal who was at the vanguard of defending and explaining demonetisation in the days and weeks after november 2016.
in contrast, divesting irani of her i&b portfolio during an election year sends a signal to the partys rank and file.
irani will retain textiles which she has had since july 2016.
for irani, this is the second downgrade after she was shunted out from the crucial hrd portfolio in july 2016.
iranis tenure in i&b that lasted for less than 10 months was recently dogged by controversy.
most recently, rashtrapati bhavan was peeved at the way her ministry had handled the national film awards; last month, the prime ministers office had to intervene to withdraw her unprecedented order blacklisting journalists in the name of cracking down on fake news; and her running battle with prasar bharati played out in public raising questions of institutional autonomy and government interference.
on may 3, the president was to hand over a select number of awards at the national film awards as had been conveyed to the i&b ministry at least three weeks earlier.
but the ministry sent out invites to the awardees stating that the president would give the awards.
the winners were informed just a day before the ceremony that most of them would get their awards from irani which led to a protest  an estimated 50 of the 125 winners boycotted the ceremony.
this after rashtrapati bhavan had been in touch with i&b ministry since march and had informed them that he would not spend more than an hour at the event.
a month earlier, on april 2, the i&b ministry issued guidelines to blacklist any journalist found to have created and/ or propagated fake news leading to protests by several news organisations and opposition parties.
irani defended her decision but the statement had to be withdrawn in less than 24 hours after the prime ministers office intervened the next morning and directed that the matter of fake news be addressed by the press council of india.
in late february, the ministry had sacked managing director of national film development corp (nfdc) nina lath gupta for allegedly not following protocol in conducting the government companys corporate affairs.
gupta asked to leave with immediate effect, got a stay against her termination from the delhi high court.
the ministry had to backtrack on its order and issued a fresh termination letter to gupta on april 24 withdrawing all allegations of impropriety against gupta embarrassing the government once again.
sworn in as the hrd minister on may 26, 2014, irani had run into several controversies there, too, and was replaced in july 2016 by prakash javadekar.
irani was then moved to the textiles ministry.
in july 2017, when m venkaiah naidu decided to run for vice president of india and stepped down, irani was given the i&b ministry.
just before she was moved out of hrd, her ministry was locked in a tussle with the pmo on the degree of autonomy that the governments proposed world-class universities should enjoy.
this is the fifth reshuffle in this government.
while in november 2014, july 2016 and september 2107, the cabinet saw the induction of new ministers and a reshuffle of portfolios, in july 2017 and on monday there were only lateral shifts.
upping the ante in the escalating snooping row ,congress demanded that bjp should change narendra modi as its prime ministerial candidate,as the saffron party rejected its demand for a probe into illegal police watch of a woman allegedly at the behest of his close aide amit shah.
the bjp said the matter involving the woman in gujarat should be put to rest after her father did not want any probe .
countering the congress demand for a central probe,the bjp said it was politically motivated and wondered why it was insisting on this when the matter was a state subject.
union home minister sushilkumar shinde indicated that security agencies were collecting information on the whole issue and if required a probe could be ordered.
we are collecting information on this and after that we will look into the matter, he told reporters.
shah,the man at the centre of the controversy ,refused any comment when he was repeatedly asked about his stand in agra where he is overseeing arrangements for a modi rally to be held later in the week.
yes,i always said that, union minister and senior congress leader kapil sibal said when asked whether the bjp should replace modi as the partys pm candidate in the aftermath of the snooping controversy.
sooner or later it will be done, he added.
sibal said the gujarat government should order a probe even if the womans father was not in favour of it.
senior bjp leader arun jaitley said there is more political interest in the subject,rather than facts.
even after the concerned woman and her father are saying that security was provided on their request and they are not complaining,congress is concerned about this.
the basis of the case is in itself wrong.
security and protection is not snooping, the leader of opposition in the rajya sabha said.
questioning the motive of congress,jaitley said,has this (congress) government ordered a probe into how things were done in other cases?
when the woman and her father herself are saying that protection given to her at her own request for some specified reasons,then where is the question of probe in this.
jaitleys party colleague ravishankarprasad prasad said the matter concerned was under the jurisdiction of the state government and noted that the girls father had no grievance.
bjp spokesperson prakash javadekar said congress should let the matter rest now that the girls father has written to the national commission for women stating that the modi government had made security arrangements for his daughter with the familys consent.
the father has also told the ncw in a letter that his daughter does not want any probe into the issue as there was no encroachment on her privacy.
notwithstanding the letter,the ncw asked the gujarat government to probe the incident.
ravi shankar prasad.
ravi shankar prasad.
a day after chief justice j s khehar expressed concern over judicial work being affected by the shortage of judges, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad on wednesday hoped that concerns regarding appointments and infrastructure would be addressed expeditiously.
i can tell you now that with the leadership of justice khehar as the new chief justice, we will be able to work together in a very meaningful way to address the concerns in judiciary, to expedite appointments, to ensure people of merit are appointed and also overall reinforce infrastructure needed for justice delivery, he said at a conference on judicial reforms here.
we have made 126 appointments, the highest since 1990, and in high courts about 131 additional judges have been confirmed, prasad said a day after justice khehar said the shortfall in the number of judges was affecting work in the apex court.
the minister said in terms of fundamental duties, justice delivery is integral to good governance.
therefore, justice delivery has to be faster, expeditious and also to be delivered in the spirit of integrity and accountability.
referring to his fight against emergency as a student activist, prasad said the government was led by those who had participated in that movement.
all of us were student activists who fought against emergency and we fought for three freedoms  of the individual, media and judicial freedom.
therefore, this government is led by leaders who have fought for freedom of judiciary, he said.
he was speaking at the conference which was also attended by former chief justice m n venkatachaliah, congress mp karan singh and former secretary of supreme court bar association ashok arora among other political, legal and economic experts.
maintaining that india was an undertaxed country, prasad said only 3.
7 crore people in the country pay tax.
money is needed to provide the army with best weapons for training, for startups, for healthcare and educational infrastructure.
do we not need the indian army to be well equipped with all the best weapons in training?
for this we need money, adding that money was also needed to fund start-ups in the country and best infrastructure in healthcare and educationin the kitty of the finance minister, there is hardly rs 4,70,000 crore for development, the rest are the standard part of the budget, the minister said.
speaking on the impact of demonetisation, he said data has come to us that terorism is down, hawala is down, supari killing is down.
but the most assuring part is that human trafficking and sex slavery is down in india as all the transaction for such crimes is in rs 500 and rs 1000 notes and has been badly hit by demonetisation.
the minister also highlighted the effects of technology in good governance, saying people living in remote areas are benefitting from it.
digital delivery is faster.
indians who are empowered by technology never have any inferority complex, he said.
a new india is emerging.
believe in this new india.
exercises like payments through aadhaar are game-changing when with the touch of your thumb payments will be done.
they are bringing a lot of equality.
a smart phone in hand is a tool of empowerment which gives a new confidence.
i am very hopeful that this change in india will be a very remarkable change, he claimed.
mamata banerjee in malda on thursday.
pti mamata banerjee in malda on thursday.
ptichief minister mamata banerjee on thursday claimed that if the bjp-led nda government sent one more trinamool congress leader to jail, the people of bengal would put one lakh bjp workers behind bars.
she was apparently responding to bjp national general secretary kailash vijayvargiyas statement on may 2 that those who got money from narada, saradha and rose valley chit fund scams, would be imprisoned.
without using vijayvargiyas name, mamata said: for the last two days, a bjp leader who was shunted out of the civic body in indore over corruption charges has been saying prime minister narendra modi had instructed cbi to arrest trinamool leaders sudip bandyopadhyay and tapas paul.
he also said more tmc leaders will be arrested.
is he god or the cbi director to say such things?
has the pm whispered in his ears to go to west bengal and say this publicly?
as a citizen, i have every right to know.
my cabinet minister subhendu adhikari is from an affluent family.
he does not need a lakh from narada to be rich.
another minister, firhad hakim, too belongs to an affluent family and does not need money.
it is same with mukul roy.
but they are tmc leaders, this politics of vendetta will not last for long, she added.
on the other hand, there are lots of allegations against bjp leaders  ranging from corruption to child trafficking.
i have cases ready for them.
i will advise them not to fly so high i challenge you to send one more trinamool leader to jail then people of bengal will put one lakh bjp workers behind bars, she said.
the cm also came down heavily on bjp for accusing trinamool of abducting tribal couple raju and gita mahali and forcing them to join the ruling party.
yesterday, the party spent the entire day abusing us.
even their ministers were abusing our party.
a union minister said there is reckless violence in west bengal.
what words.
i told derek obrien what is this?
people in bengal are at peace and the happiest.
there is no injustice, no trouble.
bjp has no work and are bad-mouthing about us.
i want to tell the leaders of delhi if anyone maligns the state, then there will be no bigger enemy than me, she said.
on wednesday, union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad had said, the tragedy is that for many years, west bengal had been a victim of fear and violence under the left parties.
now, it is a victim of fear and reckless violence under trinamool.
taking on a bjp leader who allegedly called her an eunuch, mamata said: in a television news channel, i saw a bjp leader was calling me an eunuch.
i am ashamed to say that he was saying is mamata banerjee a woman, or a man, or a eunuch?
this is the kind of language they are using.
i am ashamed that i was born here.
how dare they question my birth, my mother, my father, my religion?
such audacity and arrogance they have.
on sunday, bjp leader shyamapada mondal had in chandrakona said: today it is not clear whether she is a man or a woman.
if anyone has seen hijra in banaras recently, then i will tell him that banerjee has turned into a hijra here.
at an administrative meeting, mamata ordered a probe into students sitting on the floor during their part 1 exams at malda college on april 28.
b'union minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
(express photo) union minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
(express photo)facing criticism for deliberately blocking the appointment of a judicial officer to karnataka high court, union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad has asked in a letter to the chief justice of india (cji) whether the government should consider the discreet enquiry absolving the judge of charges of sexual harassment, in which the complainant was not given a fair opportunity to defend her allegation.
in a strongly worded letter to cji dipak misra, written on april 5, prasad said it is incumbent upon both the high judiciary and executive to apply the highest standard of transparency and judiciousness in making recommendations and appointments.
you will appreciate that a complaint of such a serious nature against a recommendee for the exalted and high position of high court judge required handling in a manner to inspire confidence in all sides, particularly the lady complainant, and thereby establish the innocence of the officer complained against, prasad wrote.
such a summary inquiry in a complaint involving allegations of sexual harassment of a subordinate judicial officer by her superior raises very serious questions.
read | karnataka high court again clears officer, govt raises fresh objectionthe minister stated that the issue of elevation of judicial officer p krishna bhat to karnataka hc has assumed critical importance and relevancein view of letter written by justice chelameswarreleased in media that the executive is deliberately blocking the appointment of bhat, and seeking to undermine the authority of judiciary.
prasad raised two specific issues for the cji and the supreme court collegium and said that these questions assume significance as their satisfactory resolution will in future, illuminate and inform the governments approach in dealing with cases in which judges are facing allegations of sexual harassment.
first, prasad wrote, before we move further in the case of appointment of krishna bhat as judgewhether we should consider a discreet enquiry, even if by a hc chief justice, as fair, sufficient and conclusive enquiry in a matter so sensitive as sexual harassment without adhering to the manner, procedure and gender of the enquiry officer in accordance with the highest standards of fairness and natural justice.
related report | sc clears judge for posting but karnataka hc begins probe after a note from centrethis assumes significance in the view of the fact that available records do not show that (the) complainant, a judicial officer subordinate to the officer complained against, was provided a judicious and fair opportunity to defend her allegations and place evidence in her support as also a chance to the officer complained against to present his side of the case.
these norms the supreme court itself has laid down in the well known vishakha case, the letter said.
second, the law minister has questioned if the sc collegium should not withhold its recommendation to appoint a person as an hc judge until he is cleared of charges of sexual harassment by a fair probe, and not merely by a summary enquiry.
west bengal cm mamata banerjee refuted over the ongoing beef row questioning the government on grounds of democracy and constitution.
(representational image) west bengal cm mamata banerjee refuted over the ongoing beef row questioning the government on grounds of democracy and constitution.
(representational image)the raging row over ban on sale of cattle for slaughter at animal markets kept the political pot on the boil on monday, with west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee declaring her government will not accept it.
she called the ban imposed by the modi government undemocratic and unconstitutional, and said it would be challenged legally.
protests were organised in several parts of tamil nadu and the opposition dmk threatened to launch an agitation on may 31.
meanwhile, three youth congress workers, including its kannur district president were today suspended by the party for slaughtering a calf in public after its video went viral on social media and triggered outrage, in an apparent damage control exercise.
it is a deliberate attempt to encroach on the states powers.
it is undemocratic, unconstitutional and unethical.
it is also an attempt to destroy the federal structure of the country, banerjee told journalists in kolkata.
we are not accepting the ban.
we will challenge it legally.
we will consult the states advocate general on this matter.
i will request the centre not to interfere with the states matter and destroy the federal structure, banerjee said.
protests were held in several parts of tamil nadu, including madurai, coimbatore, erode and hosur.
several activists of a little known pro-tamil outfit were detained in madurai where they had organised a beef eating contest.
a group of students at iit, madras, held a beef-fest on their campus last night.
raising the pitch on the issue, opposition parties urged the aiadmk government to enact a law against the ban.
dmk slammed the e k palaniswami government for keeping mum on the matter when neighbouring kerala and karnataka had vehemently opposed the ban.
dmk working president m k stalin will lead a protest on may 31 in chennai against the ban, the party said, adding the fundamental right to choice of food granted by the constitution has been snatched away.
meanwhile, three youth congress workerskannur yc district president rijil makkutty and activists joshi kandathil and sharafuddinwere suspended and the party distanced itself from the incident in which a calf was slaughtered in full public view.
kerala bjp president kummanam rajasekharan had posted the video of the incident on twitter, calling it cruelty at its peak.
later, police registered a case for slaughtering a calf in public during beef fests organised across kerala by the congress and the left on sunday to protest the centres ban.
the aicc in-charge of communications, randeep surjewala, said such action by congress workers was completely unacceptable and alien to civil society, our culture and founding principles.
anybody who has done so will have no place in the party and thats why the workers have been already suspended by the youth congress, he said in new delhi.
such elements have no place in the congress or in our culture.
indian culture is not to cause harm to any living being, much less to the holy cow which we all celebrate and revere, he said, in an apparent attempt to contain the adverse fallout of the incident.
congress vice president rahul gandhi had on sunday termed the incident thoughtless and barbaric.
the bjp denounced the kerala incident as shameful and provocative.
this is shameful and in many ways provocative.
political opposition happens but it is unfortunate that such an act has been committed happened, that too by youth congress workers.
it is unfortunate, union minister ravishankarprasad prasad told reporters in new delhi.
uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath questioned the silence of secular parties on the kerala incident.
i feel there is a lot of talk in the country to respect each others feelings and several organisations demand this in the name of secularism.
but why are they silent on the kerala incident?
he asked at a public felicitation by the akhil bhartiya vidyarthi parishad in lucknow last night.
why are the people who staged vociferous protests over the incidents in du and jnu silent on the issue?
adityanath, who had ordered strict enforcement on the ban on cow slaughter and a crackdown on illegal slaughter houses soon after coming to power, said.
even as the bjp and adityanath denounced the kerala incident, a senior bjp leader of garo hills in meghalaya tried to allay fears over a beef ban in the state which will have assembly polls next year.
in meghalaya, most of the bjp leaders eat beef.
the question of banning beef does not arise in a state like meghalaya, especially in garo hills.
bjp leaders in meghalaya are well aware of the historical background and the constitutional provisions in the hill areas for which beef ban will remain un-imposed, bjps tura district president bernard n marak in a statement.
speaking to a national tv news channel, marak went a step ahead and said if voted to power the bjp would make efforts for bringing down beef prices in the state which were prohibitive.
we stand on the hills of three sisters (garo, khasi and jaintia) which are constitutionally autonomous.
these three sisters will decide what to ban and not to ban in their own land.
centre cannot dictate dos and donts in the scheduled areas as these areas do not fall under the regular regulations, he said.
indu malhotra becomes the seventh woman judge of the sc since independence.
(source: lawctopus.com) indu malhotra becomes the seventh woman judge of the sc since independence.
(source: lawctopus.com)senior advocate indu malhotra was sworn in as judge of the supreme court on friday.
chief justice of india dipak misra administered the oath of office to her.
her appointment received the presidential warrant, or requisite clearance to take oath, wednesday.
she is the first woman to be elevated to the post of supreme court judge directly from the bar.
malhotra is the second woman judge in the current bench strength of the apex court.
the supreme court collegium, comprising cji dipak misra and justices j chelameswar, ranjan gogoi, madan b lokur and kurian joseph, in a unanimous decision, had cleared the names of malhotra as well as uttarakhand high court chief justice km joseph.
malhotra is the seventh woman judge of the sc since independence.
also read | bench strength: the 24 sc judges  3 directly elevated, rest from 13 statesmalhotra adds to the existing strength of 24 judges in the top court.
justice indu malhotra gets down to work on day 1.
sharing bench with chief justice of india dipak misra and justice d y chandrachud in court no 1 @indianexpress  ananthakrishnan g (@axidentaljourno) april 27, 2018also read | indu malhotra helped frame vishaka guidelines, good samaritan lawborn into a family of lawyers, malhotra joined the profession in 1983.
she was appointed as a senior advocate in 2007.
she was the second woman after leila seth to be elevated by the supreme court to the designation of a senior advocate.
she specialises in arbitration law.
also read | who is indu malhotra?
the government, meanwhile, returned for reconsideration the collegiums recommendation to elevate uttarakhand chief justice k m joseph to the supreme court.
in a letter to the cji, union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad listed reasons why the appointment at this stage does not appear to be appropriate.
it is unclear if and when the cji will call a meeting of the collegium to discuss the matter.
new delhi: former tmc leader mukul roy joins the bjp in new delhi in the presence of union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad and bjp senior leader kailash vijayvargiya, on friday.
pti photo new delhi: former tmc leader mukul roy joins the bjp in new delhi in the presence of union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad and bjp senior leader kailash vijayvargiya, on friday.
pti photoafter former trinamool congress leader mukul roys formal induction into the bjp, its west bengal unit president dilip ghosh welcomed him in the party and said they received an experienced political leader in the saffron brigade.
he will help us grow in west bengal and we will work together from now onward.
his induction adds another feather in our cap.
we do not have much experience of winning elections in bengal and we have received experienced political leader today.
his experience and organisational skills will help our young leaders do well in future polls.
it is a very positive development for us, ghosh said.
on september 25, roy, a founding member of trinamool congress, had quit the party and resigned from rajya sabha membership after fallout with party chief mamata banerjee.
today senior bjp leader and union minister ravishankarprasad prasad and partys national general secretary kailash vijayvargiya inducted roy into the party at bjp headquarters in delhi.
also read: mukul roy joins bjp, says its a proud privilege to work under pm modiresponding to queries on why did the party induct a political leader who has been accused in multi-crore saradha chit fund scam and narada sting operation case, ghosh said, there is no place for anyone in our party who has been convicted in scams.
so far he has only been accused in saradha and narada scams but has not been found guilty.
the party will never shield or stand by anyone who will be pronounced guilty by the court.
the mamata banerjee government has slapped several false cases against our workers in bengal and put them behind bars.
that does not mean they are guilty.
senior congress leader om prakash mishra said bjp has compromised on its stand on corruption by inducting mukul roy into the party.
bjp wants to restructure itself in one of the populous state that is west bengal.
therefore, it has decided to compromise on their stance on corruption and transparency.
roy has his own compulsion of joining bjp as he wants to save himself from.
this development will apparently erode the support of mamata banerjee to a certain extent, he said.
cpm mp mohammad salim said bjp will make roy work as its agent in west bengal.
bjp has taken him to make him work as an agent because he knows the state and is familiar with its culture.
now tmc is in a spot as it has to find a replacement for mukul roy.
amit shah with gita mahali at her house last week.
file amit shah with gita mahali at her house last week.
filea week after bjp president amit shah visited the house of a tribal couple in naxalbari area of siliguri district in north bengal, and had had lunch there, the couple on wednesday joined the rival trinamool congress (tmc).
while a stung bjp accused the tmc of abducting and forcibly inducting raju mahali and gita mahali in the party, the ruling party in west bengal countered, saying they had joined willingly, and that the bjps reactions are the expressions of a sore loser.
i was inspired by the development work of (west bengal cm) mamata banerjee and we have joined tmc.
nobody has forced us to join the party, pti quoted geeta mahali as saying.
according to reports, the mahalis went missing on tuesday evening, and were seen with tmcs darjeeling district president and state tourism minister gautam deb at the party office in siliguri on wednesday morning.
the couple have willingly joined the party.
there was no pressure or intimidation.
they have given a written statement on why they are joining the party, deb said.
shah had visited the mahalis on april 25, on the first day of his three-day bengal tour as part of efforts to expand the partys base in the state, and ate a traditional bengali lunch served on a banana leaf in their house.
in new delhi, union minister ravishankarprasad prasad said a party delegation will meet west bengal governor kesari nath tripathi over the issue.
wondering whether the tmcs desperation was caused by the cbi probe into saradha chit fund and the narada bribery cases, allegedly involving several tmc top leaders, prasad said, the investigation will not stop.
bengal is seeing reckless violence and overpowering fear of the tmc.
calling it a textbook case of revenge politics, prasad said, why should a tribal family be under such pressure?
we condemn it outright.
the bjp cannot be stopped like this.
in kolkata, west bengal bjp president dilip ghosh, who had accompanied shah and had also had lunch at mahalis home, said: this is a petty politics which shows bankruptcy of tmcs policies.
the couple were kidnapped last night and forced to join the party.
they were threatened by tmc leaders.
he said the bjps naxalbari block president dilip barui has lodged a missing person complaint and a diary at naxalbari police station.
the police refused to register an fir, he added.
bjp national secretary rahul sinha said, people who had hosted amit shah in banerjees constituency, bhawanipore, and at gourangapur in rajarhat (a kolkata suburb) are living in fear.
they might also be forced to join tmc just because they hosted our party president.
countering prasads comments, tmc mp derek obrien said: the bjp spokesperson, who is also the union law minister, has issued a statement about the incident in naxalbari sitting in delhi, with little knowledge of the reality of bengal his hollow words are economical on facts, and are expressions of a sore loser, because the people of bengal have sent the bjp packing.
senior bjp leader and former external affairs minister sushma swaraj died at the all india institute of medical sciences (aiims) tuesday night.
she was 67.
advertisingswaraj, who suffered a heart attack and collapsed at her home on jantar mantar road, was brought to the hospital at 9.
35 pm.
according to the aiims statement, a team of doctors performed cpr (cardiopulmonary resuscitation) for around 70-80 minutes.
she was declared dead at 10.
50 pm.
cutting across party lines, several senior leaders reached the hospital amid heavy security.
law minister ravishankarprasad prasad, bjp working president j p nadda, finance minister nirmala sitharaman, food processing minister harsimrat kaur badal and congress mp ghulam nabi azad were among those present.
read | indias supermom who blazed a trail in twitter diplomacyadvertisingi am in shock.
we have lost a very tall leader, said prasad, adding that he had spoken to her last week, after the triple talaq bill was passed in parliament.
she was an able leader, a brilliant administrator, a phenomenal orator and a wonderful teacher.
i have no words, he said.
azad said he had shared a cordial relationship with swaraj, despite their ideological and political differences.
she was a wonderful person and a good politician.
i have lost a sister today, he said.
sushmaji was always dedicated to the nation.
she showed how to conduct oneself in politics while serving the nation to the fullest, said nadda.
in 2016, swaraj underwent a kidney transplant at aiims in a nearly six-hour-long surgery.
she is survived by her husband swaraj kaushal and daughter bansuri.
former tmc leader mukul roy joins the bjp in new delhi in the presence of union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad and bjp senior leader kailash vijayvargiya, on friday.
pti photo former tmc leader mukul roy joins the bjp in new delhi in the presence of union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad and bjp senior leader kailash vijayvargiya, on friday.
pti photoa y+ category of armed vip security cover has been accorded by the centre to mukul roy, a day after he joined the bjp after quitting trinamool congress.
the central reserve police force (crpf) has been entrusted with the task of safeguarding the former railway minister under the upa regime, official sources said.
a contingent of armed crpf commandos will take charge of the new protectee in the next few days.
roy will have about three to four commandos with him, whenever he is in west bengal, a senior official said.
he said a threat analysis report, prepared by central intelligence and security agencies, favoured granting of such a cover to roy.
the crpf has a special vip security wing and it secures around 70 dignitaries.
recently, the higher category of z cover of crpf commandos was extended by the centre to newly appointed special representative on kashmir, dineshwar sharma.
roy, a founder member of the trinamool congress (tmc), was inducted into the bhartiya janata party (bjp) yesterday.
he had resigned from the rajya sabha and quit the tmc earlier this month.
the former tmc ledaer was suspended from the party for six years for indulging in alleged anti-party activities after he announced that he would quit the party.
b'prime minister narendra modi with cabinet ministers after bjp parliament party meeting at the parliament house on friday.
(express photo by praveen jain) prime minister narendra modi with cabinet ministers after bjp parliament party meeting at the parliament house on friday.
(express photo by praveen jain)both houses of parliament were friday adjourned sine die as protests showed no signs of abating, bringing closure to a tumultuous budget session that witnessed a total of nearly 250 working hours wasted.
of the 19 starred questions, only five were answered orally by ministers in the rajya sabha, while 17 of the 580 such questions were replied to orally in the lok sabha during the 29 sittings.
the lok sabha once again failed to take up the no-confidence motion notices moved by the opposition amid repeated disruptions by various parties.
while chairman m venkaiah naidu urged the protesters not to make the rajya sabha a clog in the wheel of progress, lok sabha speaker sumitra mahajan said they should keep in mind the larger interests of the nation.
the disruptions and adjournments were caused by protests over issues like special status to andhra pradesh, bank scams, demand for cauvery water management board, vandalising of statues, review of the recent supreme court order on sc/st act and law and order situation in kasganj in uttar pradesh.
ravi shankar prasad and vk singh arriving at parliament.
(express photo by praveen jain) ravishankarprasad prasad and vk singh arriving at parliament.
(express photo by praveen jain)the second leg of the session, that started on march 5, had 22 sittings that were mostly disrupted.
only five bills, including the crucial finance bill 2018 for which the budget session is convened, were passed and five were introduced during the budget session in the lok sabha.
besides, the payment of gratuity (amendment) bill, 2017 and the specific relief (amendment) bill, 2017 were among those passed.
the muslim women (protection of rights on marriage) bill, 2017, which was passed in the lok sabha last december, remained pending in the upper house.
in her summary report, speaker sumitra mahajan said the house functioned for a total of 34 hours and 5 minutes during the 29 sittings.
a total of 127 hours and 45 minutes were affected by interruptions and forced adjournments.
she also said around 9 hours and 47 minutes went in to transact urgent government business in the lower house.
this house is a sacred platform for members to raise issues related to public interest and public welfare, mahajan said even as she emphasised that they need to keep in mind the larger interests of the country.
the last day of the session also witnessed disruptions due to protests by aiadmk and congress members over setting up of the cauvery river management board as well as by tdp members demanding special status for andhra pradesh.
today is the last day.
if you are not ready i will adjourn the house sine die, a visibly peeved mahajan told agitating members.
she also said she wanted to take up the notices for no-confidence motion.
i am sorry if you dont want to take up (notices for no-confidence motion, she said before reading out a brief summary of the budget session and its second leg which began on march 5.
prime minister narendra modi was present in the house.
maneka gandhi arriving to attend the parliament proceedings on friday.
(express photo by praveen jain) maneka gandhi arriving to attend the parliament proceedings on friday.
(express photo by praveen jain) members from both the aiadmk, tdp and the congress holding placards trooped into the well even before proceedings began for the day.
while most of them left the well after the speakers appeal, the tdp members remained in the well when mahajan was reading out the closing statement.
similarly, the rajya sabha also witnessed disruptions with the chairman voicing anguish over missed opportunities.
i am pained to note that it turned out to be an eminently forgettable one on account of utter disregard of the mandate of this important parliamentary institution and its responsibilities and missed opportunities, naidu said in his concluding address to the 245th session of rajya sabha.
the house lost nearly three-fourths of its time to disruptions and adjournments.
during the second leg of the session, the rajya sabha had 30 sittings in all.
while it sat for 44 hours, the upper house lost over 121 hours.
congress mps and bjp mp protesting at the parliament house on friday.
(express photo by prem nath pandey) congress mps and bjp mp protesting at the parliament house on friday.
(express photo by prem nath pandey) naidu stated that the question hour could not be taken up for 27 days due to pandemonium and interruptions in the house over one or the other issue and noted that there was a total breakdown in communication among various sections of the house that was at the root of the prolonged stalemate that ruined the session.
photo of former indian cricket captain ms dhoni posted on twitter by @cscegov handle photo of former indian cricket captain ms dhoni posted on twitter by @cscegov handlesakshi dhoni, wife of former indian cricket team captain ms dhoni, on tuesday, took to twitter and apprised union law minister ravi shankal prasad of a privacy data breach after a picture of dhoni giving his bio metric details to csc vle along with his application form was posted on its official twitter handle.
the union minister, after having liked the tweet without noticing that the details were shared, promised sakshi that a serious action will be taken against those responsible.
the issue started with a tweet put out by cscegov official handle in which photographs of ms dhonis application form were also made public.
ravi shankar prasad liked the tweet in question and also tweeted a picture of ms dhoni with the message vle of @cscegov_ delivers #aadhaar service to @msdhoni.
legendary cricketers #digital hook (shot).
(sic).
sakshi dhoni replied to this tweet by prasad and expressed her disappointment over aadhaar information of ms dhoni and application form being made a public property.
in reply, prasad questioned sakshi if his tweet divulged any personal information, following which she replied with the earlier picture tweeted out by cscegov handle.
meanwhile, the cscegov handle has removed the disputed picture from its tweet.
here is the full conversation:vle of @cscegov_ delivers #aadhaar service to @msdhoni.
legendary cricketers #digital hook (shot).
pic.
twitter.com/xe62ta63an  ravishankarprasad prasad (@rsprasad) march 28, 2017@rsprasad sir i m talking about the application which was tweeted along with picture by @cscegov_ pic.
union minister ravishankarprasad prasad union minister ravishankarprasad prasadcpi on monday hit out at law minister ravishankarprasad prasad accusing him of raising the issue of triple talaq in view of crucial uttar pradesh polls and sought to know as to what action the election commission will take in the matter.
it is a very serious matter because he is the law minister of the country.
he has been raising this issue at this point of timetiming of this is important, this is being done in view of the forthcoming up elections, cpi rajya sabha member d raja said.
watch what else is making news(now) it is for the ec to take noteam asking what the ec is going to do?
he asked.
senior bjp leader prasad had yesterday said the centre is committed to ending the evil social practice of triple talaq and had asked the samajwadi party, congress and bsp to make their stand clear on the contentious issue.
he had said the centre might take appropriate steps to ban triple talaq after the uttar pradesh assembly polls as the tradition denies respect to women.
the state goes to polls in seven phases starting february 11.
b'senior congress leader p chidambaram (express photo/files) senior congress leader p chidambaram (express photo/files)the bjp on wednesday took on the congress and former finance minister p chidambaram over the 80:20 gold import scheme, asking why trading houses, including the beleaguered gitanjali gems, were allowed to import gold just a day before the 2014 lok sabha results were to be announced.
countering congress leader anand sharma who had claimed that the allegations against chidambaram were not backed by facts, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad shared a purported office memorandum of the finance ministry dated may 15, 2014.
in the memorandum, the premier and start trading houses were allowed to import gold.
prasad said the ruling party always made charges after doing its homework.
was it a price, was it a consideration, was it pressure or was it an obligation.
what was it that mr chidambaram, a well- informed politician, took this decision one day before the results were to come, he alleged at a press conference in the bjp headquarters.
prasad claimed the nature of pressure or price could be assessed from the fact that in a single day the file travelled with supersonic speed through nine desks after his signature and it was followed by the office memorandum.
raising questions, the bjp leader said chidambaram knew the constitution and any person having the slightest consideration of democratic integrity, propriety and sanity of democratic polity would never do this.
the minister also showed a purported rbi notification dated may 21, 2014, claiming that the central bank administration of that time notified the order to allow trading houses to import gold under the scheme without waiting for the new government to assume office.
prasad asked that the results were announced on may 16 and it was clear that a new government would be formed, then why did the rbi administration let the notification be issued on may 21, without waiting for new government to assume office.
in august 2013, the then upa government had introduced the 80:20 rule, which allowed traders to import gold only after they had exported 20 per cent of gold from their previous import.
the rule was scrapped in november 2014 after the nda came to power.
the muslim women (protection of rights on marriage) bill 2019, which aims to criminalise instant triple talaq, is set to be tabled in lok sabha on thursday.
this is the first time that the bill will be tabled in the 17th lok sabha by the bjp government after coming back to power.
advertisingunion law minister ravishankarprasad prasad, last month, had introduced a fresh bill to ban instant triple talaq in the lok sabha, saying it would help protect the rights of muslim women.
the bill seeks to replace the ordinance passed by the previous government in february after a similar bill could not be passed in the rajya sabha.
in the 16th lok sabha, the bill was passed after four hours of debate.
however, the bill did not get through the rajya sabha as bjp and its allies did not have a majority in the upper house and the opposition had disrupted proceedings over the rafale deal.
the bill had, therefore, lapsed.
while the triple talaq bill may have smooth sailing in the lok sabha this time also, getting numbers in the rajya sabha for the nda government may be slightly complicated.
advertisingnumbers in the upper house are delicately poised  nda, minus jd(u) and with the support of bjd, independents and others, stands at 109 while the opposition number stands at 108.
the fate of the bill will hinge on what position three fence-sitter parties take  jd(u) and trs, with six seats each, and ysr congress with two.
in the 241-member upper house, bjp has 78 members and the nda has 115, while the congress-led opposition has 107 votes.
without aiadmk and jd(u), ndas strength will come down to below 100.
in its last term, the modi government had brought three ordinances to penalise the practice of triple talaq with imprisonment up to three years.
the first ordinance was brought after the monsoon session in 2018.
a second ordinance was issued after the winter session, and the third was announced by the last cabinet on february 19, just weeks ahead of the general elections.
the bill, which proposes to make the practice of instant triple talaq (talaq-e-biddat) a penal offence, had faced objections from the opposition parties during the budget session in february too.
they had claimed that jail term for a man divorcing his wife was legally untenable.
congress mp shashi tharoor said he was opposed to the provision considering a civil offence as a criminal offence.
he suggested the scope of the bill should be extended to women of all communities.
bjp president rajnath singh on friday singled out gujarat chief minister narendra modi for special praise as he gave a battle cry for the 2014 general elections at the partys three-day national executive that began here on friday.
recalling the partys defeat in the 2009 polls,when it had projected l k advani as the prime ministerial candidate,he urged party workers to resolve to make good of the opportunity in 2014.
he recalled the loss in 2009 lok sabha elections,but reminded to work with a resolve to make 2014 bjps year, party spokesperson ravishankarprasad prasad said,briefing on singhs presidential address during the closed-door meeting.
if 20th century was a century of the congress,let 21st century be the century of the bjp, prasad quoted singh saying.
the bjp president,however,completely avoided references to any kind of partys core shrill hindutva rhetoric and instead referred to atal bihari vajpayee,ruing his unavailability.
however,he said advanijis presence will fill to a large extent the absence of vajpayee.
the meeting of the principal opposition party has a widely publicised theme of sushasan sankalp,bjp vikalp (good governance as promise,bjp is the alternative) aimed at the electorate.
in his address to the national executive members,singh focussed on economic issues and faulted the upa government for bringing the economy in distress and credited bjp-ruled states contribution as the lone silverlining sustaining whatever precarious growth of the country.
with good governance stumping the hindutva rhetoric in his speech,singh acknowledged modis growing stature by mentioning his governance twice more during his speech while other promising chief ministers  shivraj singh chouhan (madhya pradesh) and raman singh (chhattisgarh)  found mention once each for their achievements in agriculture and pds sectors respectively.
the party president accorded a special welcome to narendra modi.
he has created a new record among the bjp chief ministers by being the first to be re-elected for the third consecutive term with a very convincing majority.
all the national executive members also welcomed him, prasad said.
he said the party president highlighted how modis work is now getting due recognition abroad.
the president also said that performance of bjp-ruled states is being discussed around the world.
he made a special mention of gujarat.
that even the european union is recognising this and despite several campaigns against him they are trying to build new relations with him, prasad said.
however,the party steered clear of suggestions of modi being named bjps prime ministerial candidate as yet.
i think the national president has clarified repeatedly.
let me reiterate it today.
we are very proud of the leadership of narendra modi.
but who shall be the pm candidate of the bjp,the partys parliamentary board will decide at the appropriate time, prasad said.
the digilocker service was launched on july 1, 2015 the digilocker service was launched on july 1, 2015the government on wednesday launched a new service through which a user can access their driving licence and registration certificate digitally and need not carry a physical copy all the time.
the service was launched by union minister nitin gadkari and ravishankarprasad prasad in new delhi.
this will help in integration of mobile application digilocker with the driving licence and vehicle registration certificate.
as per a press release issued by the government: driving licenses and vehicle registration documents can now be issued directly to the digilockers of individuals in digital formats.
the digital copies of driving license and registration certificate can also be shared with other departments for verification purpose.
minister of electronics & information technology and law & justice, ravishankarprasad prasad, said: the integration will bring a paradigm shift in the vision of paperless governance.
it will serve to bring agility and efficiency to the entire process of issuance of driving licenses and vehicle registration certificates through it enablement.
the digilocker mobile app was launched by prime minister narendra modi in july, 2015.
cambridge analyticas use of the data of more than 55 million facebook users has once again reopened big questions about the organisation of the information order in a democracy.
cambridge analyticas use of the data of more than 55 million facebook users has once again reopened big questions about the organisation of the information order in a democracy.
the romance of democracy is that voters, acting as agents collectively, shape their own future.
but this idea rests on the presumption that voters are agents, not mere effects of some propaganda machine, some information order that manipulates them: consent is not manufactured, to use noam chomskys phrase.
the information order also has to grant relatively open access and a degree of equality that allows all citizens to be heard, so that our collective decisions are genuinely all-things-considered decisions.
the purpose of protecting free speech, making sure media power is not concentrated, information is not secret, and so forth, was to protect democracy itself.
most democracies have long betrayed these ideals, especially asymmetries of power in the information order itself.
the alleged scandal involving cambridge analyticas use of the data of more than 55 million facebook users has once again reopened big questions about the organisation of the information order in a democracy.
they have also revealed how so much of the language of our democracy is struggling to come to terms with complex technological developments.
the exact nature of this scandal, what laws were violated, who is responsible, will unfold in due course.
it is also not entirely clear whether such similar violations have not happened in the past.
but the episode has once again opened questions on the nature of democracy.
the first issue at stake is what consent means in the new information order.
the conceit, and attraction of the modern information order is that it does things with our consent, in our name, ostensibly to satisfy our desires.
but given the complexities of data-sharing, possible third-party uses, or use by friends, through whom your data can be accessed, it is not very clear what we are consenting to, and whether the terms of that consent can be enforced.
the idea that simply because you have the formal option of consenting or withholding consent, you can control what can be done with your data seems like a bit of a pipe dream.
it has become the normative equivalent of financial derivatives: a mysterious term that ostensibly helps manage risk, but has itself become the risk because we dont know what it is we are authorising.
also read | facebooks zuckerberg breaks silence on cambridge analytica data scandal; admits mistakes, outlines fixesthis scandal should be a reminder of one of marxs insights: the language of things can disguise the fact that the things signify relationships between people.
the use of seemingly anodyne terms like data, technology, information, etc, can disguise the fact that all of these involve profound shifts in power relations between people, and can have implications for democracy.
one thing that disguises this banal fact is that the debate over new technology, the power of social media etc, is presented as a debate between technologists and anti-technologists.
but the real issue is not that.
it is, more, what forms of ownership, what regulatory architectures ensure that the collection of data, the use and profiting from data, do not subvert the ideals of citizenship.
also read | ravishankarprasad prasad warns facebook on data breach: can even summon mark zuckerbergwe now have an information architecture where a handful of large private players can exercise near monopoly power, with very little accountability on how this power is used.
what has facilitated this power is the idea that there is such a thing as private power that is purely private.
in older critiques of capitalism, we had to create the hard-won knowledge that private economic power has great public effects.
but the rise of the tech companies coincided both with ebbing trust in the state, and a belief that technology was about serving consumers, not distorting the meaning of citizenship.
so, in a way, the private sector was given a free pass.
in india, the debate has a slightly different valence.
we are suspicious of the state.
but when it comes to the now galloping uses of aadhaar, beyond very limited, well-defined and sequestered uses, we are ready to give the state everything we have.
even if you trust the state, in our regime there are very few safeguards against contracting of data with private and foreign parties, which is what the game is increasingly becoming about.
second, we are using the specious argument that since private companies have access to data what is wrong in government collecting and linking data.
the obvious answer to this has to be that questions will have to be asked of both the public and private sector when it comes to data protection, and its monetisation.
but now there is also a more sinister possibility.
what if the state and facebook or jio colluded in how data is used?
one of the ironies of the cambridge analytica episode is how much these companies are dependent on state patronage: apparently, they were being used by states to effect outcomes in other jurisdictions.
both state surveillance and private power are a challenge for democracy.
but apart from safeguards and regulatory oversight, there is a deeper anxiety this episode once again raises.
in india, we had a nice phrase for some forms of democratic mobilisation, social engineering, the idea of creating configurations of social groups based on their identity to carve electoral majorities.
to some extent, social engineering is inevitable.
but there was always the worry that social engineering is rarely about justice.
it involves manipulating peoples fears.
one of the interesting conceits embedded in projects like cambridge analytica and the new science of data-based campaigning is this: their ability to attract clients depends on their ability to socially engineer electoral outcomes.
in computer science parlance, it is a kind of confidence trick that gets you to divulge information.
now the jury is out on how effective all this is.
but what exactly is the confidence trick?
it is that the voters think they are getting what they want, but all the time it is the clients who are getting out of the voters what they want.
also read | data breach: bjp, congress, jd(u) on client list of parent firms india partneris democracy increasingly becoming such a confidence trick, merely a feat of social engineering that a good combination of surveillance and data extraction can profoundly affect?
it is premature to panic on this score.
but the cambridge analytica episode does prompt this question.
it does dent confidence in democracy.
and it leads to the view that the chinese state, with its sophisticated arsenal of data-based surveillance, is at least being honest.
voters dont exercise sovereignty, they are manufactured; they are not causes they are effects.
the only question is whether a public authority creates them or a private company.
serious questions for ideas of citizenship.
with instructions being flashed on large screen tvs and the prime ministers address telecast live simultaneously, over 18,000 people gathered at rajpath friday morning to celebrate international day of yoga.
advertisingdefence minister rajnath singh, who was among those present, said yoga connects all religions for the betterment of mankind.
he, along with ministers prakash javadekar and prahlad patel, goa chief minister pramod sawant, and delhi l-g anil baijal, practiced yoga as well.
the program, organised by the new delhi municipal council and the ministry of ayush, began at 5.
30 am with a display of mallakhamb yoga and womens self-defence.
anita saharam (49), one of the participants, said: i started yoga 19 years ago at a community event just like this one.
it helped cure my lower back pain and to stay mentally and physically fit.
i hope this event has the same impact on first-timers.
eight-year-old yashika sood from trilokpuri was excited that she could take the new yoga mat home.
her brothers shiv (11) and devanshu (13) said: we like doing yoga, but we did not have a mat.
now, we can take it to the park every day.
the three sported yoga day t-shirts, distributed by ndmc in several schools.
advertisingfor 10-year-old anshi and her grandmother bimala devi from alipur, the most enjoyable part of the day was hasyoga, during which the whole of rajpath reverberated with people laughing.
everyone had their favourite asanas  some said the om mantra ucharan helped calm them down, others said they will do anulom-vilom pranayam every day from now.
two girls were disappointed that surya namaskar was not taught at the event.
mae hood (19), a student from spain, said, it feels good to be part of indias culture.
i have come to learn yoga in india and am heading to rishikesh next.
besides rajpath, events were held across the city.
vice-president venkaiah naidu visited red fort to participate in a function organised by the brahma kumaris.
he spoke about the importance of rajyoga that purifies the mind and soul celebrating the day on such a large scale makes us all feel better, said brahma kumari eva (19).
ministers piyush goyal and ravishankarprasad prasad did yoga at lodhi garden, while delhi bjp chief manoj tiwari visited talkatora stadium, where hundreds of primary school students performed asanas they had practiced diligently for a month.
it is becoming increasingly clear that their modi hatred is fast turning into india hatred.
blinded by disdain for the prime minister, they are using the choicest of words and phrases to show india in bad light, amit shah wrote.
it is becoming increasingly clear that their modi hatred is fast turning into india hatred.
blinded by disdain for the prime minister, they are using the choicest of words and phrases to show india in bad light, amit shah wrote.
ridiculing the congresss save constitution campaign, bjp president amit shah hit out at the main opposition party for launching an impeachment bid against the chief justice of india, describing it as part of a larger trend to demonise and weaken every institution that seeks to maintain its individual identity and not kowtow to the dynasty.
within an hour of rajya sabha chairman m venkaiah naidu rejecting the impeachment bid, shah took to facebook and alleged that the congress had taken the only path it knows very well  of spreading hate and divisions in our society.
shahs remarks were echoed by other party leaders, including union ministers ravishankarprasad prasad and ananth kumar, and spokespersons meenakshi lekhi and sambit patra.
the shiv sena and the jd(u), too, criticised the opposition for its impeachment bid.
in his post, shah took on congress chief rahul gandhi who had attacked prime minister narendra modi during a public address earlier.
it is becoming increasingly clear that their modi hatred is fast turning into india hatred.
blinded by disdain for the prime minister, they are using the choicest of words and phrases to show india in bad light, he wrote.
in an apparent reference to last weeks supreme court judgment rejecting pleas seeking a probe into the death of cbi judge b h loya, shah said everyone knows the reasons behind the impeachment move.
loya was hearing the sohrabuddin shaikh fake encounter case in which shah had been discharged.
the judiciary, which is an institution that is trusted by 125 crore indians, has invited the wrath of congress and the nehru-gandhi dynasty in particular, wrote shah.
law minister prasad accused the congress of trying to run the country through the corridors of court based upon false, half-baked and a sponsored litigation.
in fact, this (impeachment attempt) is directly proportionate to repeated reversals they have suffered from the people of india.
under the patronage of the congress, even the unfortunate death of a judicial officer nearly four years ago was made into a petition tool for settling political scores inside and outside court, he said.
union minister ananth kumar posted on twitter: frustrated congress of the emergency fame imprisoning lakhs of political activists all over india  is trying to dilute all constitutional institutions & constitution itself now.
so, congress speaking about constitution is like devil quoting the scriptures.
bjp spokesperson lekhi welcomed naidus decision and said the rajya sabha chairman applied his mind and gave a detailed order.
senior government officials said the four most senior supreme court judges, who had gone public against the functioning of the cji in an unprecedented press conference in january, should stay out of the issue.
congress leaders at the save the constitution campaign launch in new delhi.
(express photo: tashi tobgyal) congress leaders at the save the constitution campaign launch in new delhi.
(express photo: tashi tobgyal)if perceived personal interest is the reason being cited for the cji not hearing the petition that congress members seek to file against the rajya sabha chairmans dismissal of their impeachment notice, the same logic should ideally apply to the other four most senior judges for the simple reason that there is reference to the issues raised by them in a press conference, said a senior official.
the view within the government is that the cji remains the master of the roster and should discharge his duty in assigning an appropriate bench if the congress appeals against naidus order.
however, they hoped the cji would not list it before his own bench.
terming the congresss constitution campaign as ironical and comical, shah alleged that if there is one political party that has trampled over the constitution in letter and spirit, time and again, it is the congress party.
he said the congress had attacked the army repeatedly, targetted the army chief and dragged the armed forces into a political slugfest during the upa regime.
shah said the congress had also launched a tirade against the comptroller and auditor general (cag) when the country was witnessing a grand awakening against the corruption of its government.
it has now trained its guns on the election commission by questioning the sanctity of the polling process after facing repeated defeats, he wrote.
time changes, the context changes but the means as well as the ends remain the same  discredit any institution that comes in the way of furthering the rule of the dynasty, the bjp president alleged.
shah recalled the dismissal of several opposition-ruled state governments by different congress governments at the centre, including those headed by former prime ministers jawaharlal nehru, indira gandhi and rajiv gandhi.
at a time when the opposition is targeting the bjp over its alleged anti-dalit decisions and the increasing incidents of violence against dalits, the bjp chief accused rahul gandhi of humiliating dalit icon b r ambedkar with his claim that the congress made the constitution.
it is well known how pandit nehru personally ensured the defeat of dr ambedkar in not one but two elections, shah wrote.
it is also no coincidence that in 1997, the year sonia gandhi took the primary membership of the congress, the third front government backed by it took away promotional benefits of sc/st employees, he said, adding that it was the subsequent a b vajpayee government that amended the constitution to ensure justice.
the shiv sena, meanwhile, made a strong pitch for maintaining the dignity of the judiciary.
as it is, our party has not played any role in the impeachment issue.
however, we believe that the dignity of the judiciary must be respected and protected, said the senas parliamentary party leader sanjay raut.
jd(u) secretary-general kc tyagi criticised the congress for using a constituional provision for the character assassination of the cji.
the manner in which kapil sibal of the congress has publicly attacked the cji by giving the impeachment notice advance publicity is unprecedented, he said.
describing the congress decision to observe a constitution day as amusing, tyagi pointed out that the same party had trampled upon the constitution in 1977, jailed its political opponents and finished the fundamental rights of citizens.
it had no moral right to talk of protecting the constitution, he said.
b'communications and information technology minister ravishankarprasad prasad(source: express photo by prem nath pandey) communications and information technology minister ravishankarprasad prasad(source: express photo by prem nath pandey)union minister for electronics and it ravishankar prasad on saturday said with a vast digital eco-system in place, scientists should focus on innovation and come up with more pro-people information technology products.
through make in india, start up india, stand up india, skill development and smart cities, we have created a vast digital eco-system and scientists need to be more innovative and out-of-the-box and should come up with more pro-people it products and empower the citizens, he said.
prasad was speaking at the inauguration of a new research centre of centre for development of advanced computing in pune and launch of e-hastakshar, its e-signature service, which enables signing of digital documents in a legally acceptable manner.
c-dac is a premier r&d organisation of the ministry of electronics and information technology.
addressing the c-dac scientists, prasad said, our vision is to make india an intellectually empowered society and initiatives like make in india, start up india, stand up india, skill development and smart cities are designed to make india a knowledgeable and intellectual country.
the philosophy behind all these initiatives of the modi government was that india missed out on industrial and entrepreneur revolutions, but now it should not miss out on digital revolution, he said.
we want to become a leader in digital revolution and that is our vision, prasad added.
applauding c-dac for its contribution in electronics and computing, the minister said government will give all kind of encouragement, and the scientists should focus on innovation alongwith the conventional research.
you have enough substance in youpour your substance of talent in abundance and people of the country will lap it.
i am happy with e-sign and other achievements of c-dac, but come up with innovative pro-people it products and work in the areas such as education, healthcare and cyber security, he said.
rajya sabha mp from madhya pradesh vivek tankha has written to law minister ravishankarprasad prasad expressing concern over the centre ignoring the supreme court collegiums decision to recommend the appointment of justice a a kureshi, who is currently the seniormost judge from the parent high court of gujarat, as chief justice of madhya pradesh high court.
advertisingsenior advocate tankha, wrote that no valid explanation has been forthcoming from the ministry for withholding the recommendation of justice a a kureshi.
he wrote, a glaring case of the governments contumacy is in ignoring or not responding to the collegium recommendation dated 10th may, 2019 in respect of justice a.a. kureshi of bombay high court to be appointed as chief justice of madhya pradesh high courtno valid explanation has been forthcoming from the ministry for withholding the recommendation this compounds the issue of primacy of collegium which is the law declared by the supreme court in the njac judgment.
karnataka assembly elections results 2018 (illustrations: debdut mukhopadhyay) karnataka assembly elections results 2018 (illustrations: debdut mukhopadhyay)karnataka ka king kaun?
was the question aaj tak posed before its exit poll results on saturday evening.
midday wednesday, we were still awaiting the answer to that rs 100-crore question, after the bjp fell short of a simple majority and the jd(s)-congress staked claim to office.
in what it called the biggest news break of the day, news x said the karnataka governor would call upon the bjp to form the government, even as jd(s) leader kumaraswamy (hdk) went to town and the press with allegations of the bjp trying to black money bribe his mlas.
that got news channels onto their high horse: horse trading, bribery, poaching, proclaimed mirror now with hold-your-nose distaste, power tussle gets dirtier.
tv news channels raced about in search of missing congress and jd(s) mlas; they reported on the allies resorting to resort politics (as most called it), to keep their flock away from cash and cabinet, allegedly offered by the preying bjp (times now).
and everyone was holding a press conference: first bjps yeddyurappa, with kumaraswamys immediate rejoinder; then bjps prakash javadekar followed by congressman ghulam nabi azads reply.
whos next?
dont go away.
ah, but was there a twist in the tale?
republic thought so: it had caught bjps javadekar leaving in a car, the hotel where kumaraswamy was holed up earlier on wednesday.
was this operation double dating even as the jd(s) floated allegations on operation kamal take2?
who knows and who cares?
everybody.
this was/is a political thriller (news x, republic), all the more spellbinding because it was totally unexpected.
on tuesday morning, the assembly election results pointed to a saffron storm (ndtv 247) as modi leher (zee hindustan) sweeps through karnataka (news x) and sees rahul fail (aaj tak).
lingayat lollipop backfires for cm siddaramaiah, concluded ndtv 247, a headline which makes nonsense of the english language but complete sense to indians.
by tuesday lunchtime, very pleased-looking bjp leaders like nirmala sitharaman, ravishankarprasad prasad gave eager tv news channels as much time as they wanted, to celebrate the partys victory in the south and, deliver funereal orations on the demise of the congress as a national party.
then, on tuesday afternoon, the congress and jd(s), reminding us that there are no permanent foes (or friends) in politics, joined hands, and the narrative shifted.
suddenly, the bjps famous victory was all but forgotten in the grab for power (times now).
now, india todays war-nataka had been well and truly declared, and for over 36 hours we witnessed the dance of democracy (nalin kohli), democracy for sale?
(ndtv 247) as the two sides traded insults, charges and perhaps even mlas.
as if that wasnt exciting enough, tv news broadcast the latest developments in this stoop-to conquer battle  who could fall lower, you just had to know.
tv news obliged: its been news, news and more news  when, last, did that happen on tv?
how will this minute-by-minute tussle on live tv impact public opinion?
which political persuasion stands to gain from it?
for those answers, we may have to wait until the 2019 lok sabha election results.
television news and vote counting day love and depend on each other for their success: one without the other is like the bjp without the congress (!
).
and so tuesday, all news anchors and their experts were in their studios a few hours before counting, to repeat all the wisdom they had already shared with us on saturday after the exit polls suggested an indecisive verdict.
once the first leads and postal votes were in after 8 am, tuesday, it was like socks in a clothes dryer, where no two socks match: each channel had a different figure for the three main contending parties almost up to noon.
so next time, remember to stick to one channel.
by 9.
15 am, abps reporters, whose tongues ran away with them like formula one cars, virtually called the election for the bjp  only 14 seats away from a majority  which, of course, never materialised.
india tv, like many others, referred to results when the figures referred to leads.
modi and shah were complimented; rahul excoriated  one guest on wion said the congress had done well in karnataka, rahul was the major liability.
exit polls: perhaps, because they had only an hour to release their findings, also disagreed, with abp and news x being more right than wrong, and republic spot on.
and, is it mathematically possible to have a poll of polls, a practice popularised by ndtv?
what of times now which conducted not one but two double dhamaka polls?
handed issues on a platter with the protests against the acquittal of congress leader sajjan kumar in the 1984 riots case and the arrest of railway minister pawan kumar bansals nephew in a bribery case,bharatiya janata party (bjp) on saturday held a public meeting and asked party workers to illuminate youths against the corrupt government.
with delhi assembly elections only months away,the meeting was organised to attack the congress government on the issues of corruption and development issues.
senior bjp leader ravishankarprasad prasad,the chief guest at the event,said: i remember that the pm assured rajya sabha members that the perpetrators of the anti-sikh riots would be brought to justice and we all were hopeful.
but sajjan kumar was acquitted, prasad said while addressing party workers.
an issue highlighted in speeches made by prasad and delhi bjp chief vijay goel was corruption in the congress-led upa government and delhi government.
goels speech focussed on financial irregularities in commonwealth games,unfulfilled promises to give homes to the shelterless in rajiv ratan awas yojana and the issue of regularisation of unauthorised colonies.
prasad accused the centre of working through brokers.
the pm,who has remained ignorant of ministers wrongdoings,should now own up and resign.
we have heard that tenders of canteens were up for sale,but i did not know a respectable position such as a membership in the railway board too is up for sale.
in this case,a nephew of the railway minister is involved,which also amounts to abusing of power and bansal should be held accountable, he said.
prasad also mentioned the upcoming assembly elections at the end of his speech.
it is time that bjp came to power in delhi, he said.
former delhi bjp chief vijender gupta demanded that may 10,birthday of the delhi gangrape victim,be declared national women security day.
gupta said the matter will be placed before authorities soon.
ravi shankar prasad said the achievements of the departments under his ministry in the past three years were far better than during the earlier united progressive alliance government in terms of scale, speed and work culture.
ravi shankar prasad said the achievements of the departments under his ministry in the past three years were far better than during the earlier united progressive alliance government in terms of scale, speed and work culture.
union minister for law and justice ravishankarprasad prasad on thursday admitted that peoples eating habits cannot be controlled but it must be remembered that cows were revered by a vast majority in india.
we should not forget that a very large section of people respects and reveres cows we cant control the food habits of people.
there has to be a balance, ravishankarprasad prasad told the media here.
the minister referred to article 48 of the constitution which says: the state shall take steps for preserving and improving the breeds and prohibiting the slaughter of cows and calves and other milch and draught cattle.
on tuesday, home minister rajnath singh said the centre will not impose any restrictions on peoples choice of food.
his statement came a day after a beef party was held in aizawl to coincide with his visit to the north-eastern state.
as for a controversial notification that effectively bans the sale of cattle at cattle markets for slaughter, ravishankarprasad prasad said union environment and forest minister harsh vardhan had already said that the centre was ready for its review.
he said the achievements of the departments under his ministry in the past three years were far better than during the earlier united progressive alliance government in terms of scale, speed and work culture.
referring to the huge pendency of cases, the minister said he will write to chief justices of high courts across the country to expedite disposal of cases  both civil and criminal  pending for 10 years or more.
he said he will seek to ensure physical verification of the pending cases so as to ascertain the real pendency.
he said it had been found that matters in which orders on applications had been passed were still being counted as pending.
on the finalisation of memorandum of procedure (mop) for the appointment of judges to the supreme court and high courts, the minister said: work is in progress.
on several issues there were discussions and consensus has been arrived at.
refusing to identify the issues that still need to be resolved before the mop was finalised, ravishankarprasad prasad said matters between the government and the top judiciary cannot be divulged to the media.
he said non-finalisation of the mop was in no way impacting judicial appointments and referred to the record 131 appointments of judges made to various high courts in 2016.
the minister refused to comment on calcutta high court justice c.s. karnan, who retired on june 12, saying he wont comment on individual matters.
the entire affair pointed to the need for greater scrutiny and screening while making judicial appointments, he said.
asked if there should be more representation for dalits and tribals and other weaker sections in higher judiciary, the minister said: there are very bright lawyers from the marginalised communities.
they need to be given a chance.
challenging prime minister manmohan singhs contention that corruption cases under upa were mere aberrations,bjp said his conspiracy of silence,culpable inaction and gross indifference had led to graft in 2g spectrum allocation and cwg projects.
corruption is not an aberration dr manmohan singh but the most defining and yet deplorable feature of your government.
there was no state of uncertainty but public money was systematically looted because of conspiracy of silence,culpable inaction and gross indifference by you and your government, bjp chief spokesperson ravishankarprasad prasad said.
singh had stated at an interaction with a group of editors yesterday that instances of corruption (in upa-ii government) were just aberrations.
bjp described singhs replies to the editors as not only unsatisfactory,highly elusive but also deeply deplorable.
insisting that singh was in silent mode for a long time,the opposition refuted as an alibi of delusional his comments that the world of uncertainty under which the upa was operating in assessing its policy decisions and their implementations needs to be factored in.
bjp posed some of its own questions to the prime minister on his role in 2g scam,commonwealth games and appointment of p j thomas as cvc among others.
referring to singhs letter dated november 11,2007,to then telecom minister a raja on 2g licences,prasad said,when a raja refused to follow his directive then under what state of uncertainty he did not take action expected of him as a prime minister when rs 1.
7 lakh crore (approx) of public money was being looted?
what state of uncertainty compelled the prime minister not to take note of a series of objections raised by senior civil servants in the ministry of telecom and ministry of finance that spectrum  a precious wealth of the nation  was being sold very cheap in the 2g licences?
prasad asked.
he also sought to know why singh had declared raja innocent on october 26,2009 when the cbi inquiry had already been ordered a week before.
the people of the country have every bona-fide reason to infer that the government headed by manmohan singh is the most corrupt government since independence, prasad said.
the opposition alleged that most of the clearances during the commonwealth games preparations for enhanced fund allocation and resulting corruption were approved by the cabinet sub-committee,group of ministers,expenditure finance committee,pmo and lastly the prime minister.
what is the state of uncertainty because of which in spite of his public declaration manmohan singh is refusing to take action in the light of shunglu committee report whereby serious strictures have been passed against the sheila dikshit government and other high-ups, prasad said.
on the appointment of thomas as cvc,bjp asked why singh was forced to appoint him when he was facing prosecution in a corruption case.
what prevents you,manmohan singh,from telling the nation as to how many indians are being prosecuted under the prevention of money laundering act as amended in 2005 and in respect of how many the foreign banks have been approached to take follow up actions where they are having their accounts?
prasad said.
photo for representational purpose.
partha paul photo for representational purpose.
partha paulin a letter to prime minister narendra modi four months ago, the election commission sought urgent release of funds to procure enough voter verified paper audit trail (vvpat) machines to cover all polling stations ahead of the next lok sabha elections in 2019.
the ec has sent over 10 reminders to the government on the matter, since june 2014, and the letter to modi by chief election commissioner nasim zaidi, on october 25, 2016, was an sos of sorts.
the cec very rarely writes directly to the pm, with its communication to the government on electoral matters normally limited to law and home ministries.
several parties, including the bsp, samajwadi party and aam aadmi party, have raised doubts about tampering of evms following the uttar pradesh and uttarakhand results.
before the 2014 general elections, the bjp had talked of evm tampering on many occasions.
vvpat machines produce a printout of the vote cast using an evm, which can be shown to the voter to dispel any doubts.
this printout is then deposited in a box and can be used to resolve any dispute regarding the election.
in 2013, the supreme court had ordered the ec to implement the vvpat system in a phased manner, and the commission had committed to have it in place by the time of the 2019 general elections.
the ec has been writing to the law ministry (its parent ministry) for funds to purchase approximately 16 lakh vvpats, for which it needs rs 3,100 crore.
in his letter to modi, zaidi wrote, im writing to draw your kind attention to the crisis that may occur during the next general election to lok sabha in 2019, if required numbers of replacement electronic voting machines (evms) and new voter verified paper audit trail (vvpat) are not produced in time by bharat electronics limited (bel) and electronics corporation of india limited (ecil), the two defence psus.
he further wrote, i would like to bring to your notice that commission submitted its first proposal to the government of india in ministry of law & justice on 16th june, 2014 for the required budget and sanction for evms and vvpats and has pursued the matter continuously since then.
there are already two contempt petitions against me and the commission being heard by honble supreme court for not deploying vvpats in adequate number.
the production of vvpat is held up for want of sanction of funds.
hence i would request your good self to kindly look into the matter and advise concerned ministries for release of necessary funds & sanctions for vvpat most urgently.
the sunday express has learnt that on july 20, 2016, the union cabinet had at a meeting considered the procurement of vvpats, but it was decided that the ec should be asked to explore the feasibility of roping in private manufacturers as bel and ecil have limited capacity.
the ec later turned down the suggestion citing sensitivity of the job.
in december 2016, the poll panel recommended two other psus, namely indian telecom industry in bangalore and central electronics limited in ghaziabad, to enhance production capacity.
on january 10, 2017, zaidi wrote to law minister ravishankarprasad prasad, warning that if orders for vvpats were not placed by february, manufacturers would not be able to supply the machines by september 2018.
during a recent hearing on the contempt petition against the cec on the matter, the ec told the supreme court that it needed 30 months to procure close to 16 lakh paper trail machines.
this means that unless it ropes in more manufacturers, the poll panel would miss the 2019 deadline to equip all polling stations with vvpats.
following the results in uttar pradesh, bsp chief mayawati, who was decimated in the elections, sought a repoll with paper ballots.
aap leader arvind kejriwal later blamed his partys loss in punjab on evm tampering and asked the ec to tally his partys evm votes with the vvpats installed across 30 seats.
the congresss losing uttarakhand cm, harish rawat, too has attributed the bjps victory to evm chamatkar (evm magic).
while the ec has rejected all such allegations and reaffirmed its faith in evms, in an interview to ndtv news channel on friday, zaidi acknowledged that vvpats would be a game changer, which would double and treble the voters confidence in evms.the poll panel needs 16,15,066 vvpats by 2019, when the lok sabha elections would be held simultaneously with state elections in andhra pradesh, telangana, sikkim, odisha, arunachal pradesh, maharashtra and haryana.
one machine costs rs 19,650.
the poll panel already has about 20,000 units and has placed order for another 67,000 vvpats, of which half have been delivered.
union minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
(express photo) union minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
(express photo)as the government is a party to nearly 46 per cent of the 3.
14 crore cases pending in courts, it is time the ministries shed the tag of being a compulsive litigant, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad has said.
in a letter addressed to his cabinet colleagues, heading various ministries, he said the government must cease to be a compulsive litigantthe judiciary has to spend its maximum time in tackling cases where the government is a party, and the burden on the judiciary can only be reduced if the cases are filed after taking a careful and considered view.
though law ministry officials have noted that the government is a party in 46 per cent of the cases pending in courts, it is for the first time that the law minister has gone on record with this figure.
the law minister has also addressed a similar letter to the chief ministers of all states.
he said officials should identify frivolous and vexatious matters and separate them with merit and take quick steps to either withdraw or dispose them speedily.
prasad also said filing of new cases against the state governments or the government staff should be discouraged and recourse to litigation should be adopted only as a last resort.
the law ministers letter to his cabinet colleagues and the cms came at a time when the centre is working to bring out a national litigation policy since 2010.
several states have already adopted their separate litigation policies.
prime minister narendra modi had in october last termed the government as the biggest litigant and had pushed for a need to lessen the load on the judiciary which spends its maximum time in tackling cases where the government is a party.
the fastest-developing industry  with the possible exception of biotechnology  is regulated by nothing except the forces and rules of the market.
the fastest-developing industry  with the possible exception of biotechnology  is regulated by nothing except the forces and rules of the market.
if youre not paying for a product, then you are the product.
this old jungle saying predates the internet, but became an everyday reality with the arrival of free digital services  first email, and then social media and online storage.
if you dont pay in cash, you are paying with yourself.
the provider tracks your behaviour online, analyses your data and monetises the results.
in that light, the collapse of the web of trust in which we are all enmeshed  all, including cambridge analytica, which went rogue, facebook, whose data it put to political use, donald trump and ravishankarprasad prasad, who benefited politically and has been politically affected, respectively  was a crisis waiting to happen for over a decade.
this period saw the rise of big data analytics, artificial intelligence and social media, which crosslinks content, community and messaging.
with convergence, this has an effect across media.
data is flowing and being analysed and leveraged in unprecedented ways, and it is impossible for the average user to understand the implications of the terms of service agreements which must be signed before a new app can be used.
users just scroll down and tick the right box, consenting to the monetisation of their data.
perhaps it will be used to serve advertising more efficiently, or perhaps to persuade swing voters in the us and india.
service providers like facebook must face criticism for imposing contractual documents of staggering complexity on retail users.
when the scandal broke, facebook took shelter in the legalistic argument that users had signed up with the third party app provider who siphoned off their data and sold it to a fourth party, cambridge analytica.
it is unlikely that they would have signed obediently if they understood that they were consenting to the use of their data, and that of their friends, for purposes unknown.
the app was only a quiz.
if only they had known, they would have answered, no.
now that they know better, facebook users are angrily pulling the plug to signal their displeasure.
lawmakers  including our own  are spluttering helplessly and threatening the worst.
but some persuasive voices prefer to see this as the moment to initiate reform in information technology.
the fastest-developing industry  with the possible exception of biotechnology  is regulated by nothing except the forces and rules of the market.
the first step towards reform could be the simplification of terms of service, to make them human-readable.
india offers a parallel in the securities and exchange board of india (sebi), which is simplifying communications with investors.
instead of presenting it as the inscrutable demon, empowering users to understand what they sign up for would help ensure that they do not inadvertently become the product.
sources aware of the meeting said the move is aimed at checking unnecessary government litigation in the top court.
sources aware of the meeting said the move is aimed at checking unnecessary government litigation in the top court.
law officers should ensure that frivolous appeals planned by ministries related to service matters of individuals do not reach the supreme court and special leave petitions are filed only in cases where a policy decision of the government is involved, the attorney general is learnt to have told additional solicitors general.
the a-g told additional solicitors general at a recent meeting that when the law ministry refers proposals of various ministries to file slps in the top court challenging a high court order relating to service matter of individuals, the law officers should ensure that frivolous pleas are not allowed to reach the apex court.
sources aware of the meeting said the move is aimed at checking unnecessary government litigation in the top court.
if a special leave petition (slp) has to be filed by a central ministry or a department, it approaches the law ministry which seeks the opinion of one of the additional solicitors general.
if the opinion of the asg is positive, the slp is filed.
according to the law ministry, the central government is a party to 46 per cent of cases pending in courts and is hence one of the biggest litigants, a tag it wants to shed.
over 3.
14 crore cases are pending in courts across india.
i will not take risk  this attitude is one of the major reason that (central) government is a party to lakhs of cases pending in courts.
if quick decisions are taken by government departments and ministries, most of the issues would not reach courts, explained a law commission functionary who had worked on one of its reports on the proposed national litigation policy.
in 2010, then law minister m veerappa moily had come out with a national litigation policy but the policy could not take off.
successive law ministers have worked on the policy but the centre so far has not been able to evolve one.
in a letter addressed to his cabinet colleagues heading various ministries, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad had recently said, the government must cease to be a compulsive litigantthe judiciary has to spend its maximum time in tackling cases where the government is a party, and the burden on the judiciary can only be reduced if the cases are filed after taking a careful and considered view.
prime minister narendra modi had also termed the government as the biggest litigant and had pushed for a need to lessen the load on the judiciary which spends its maximum time in tackling cases where the government is a party.
at the 150th year celebrations of allahabad high court on sunday.
pti at the 150th year celebrations of allahabad high court on sunday.
ptiprime minister narendra modi stressed on the use of technologies to ease judicial processes and chief justice of india jagdish singh khehar spoke about expeditiously dealing with cases related to triple talaq at the valedictory function of the 150th year celebrations of allahabad high court on sunday.
the prime minister assured the cji of complete cooperation from the government to strengthen the judicial system.
modi said the use of technology would save time and ensure that lawyers made arguments in court with sharpness that would help judges in taking decisions faster.
in his speech as the chief guest, modi said the janjaal of laws were created by governments earlier and the common man suffered its burden.
he said he was happy that even before completing the term, his government had scrapped around 1,200 laws.
modi stressed on the use of advanced technologies in the judicial system and suggested why dates for cases could not be given on mobile phones and how use of video conferencing for asking questions from a government official would save time if that officer has been transferred to another place.
expenditure is made on security as well as while taking prisoners from jails to the courts.
aur us marg mein kya kya nahin hota hai, yeh sab jaante hain.
.
ab yogiji ayen hain, toh shayad woh bandh hoga (on this path what all happens everyone knows.
now that yogji has come, maybe all that will be stopped), modi said.
in his speech, cji khehar said three constitution benches had been formed for the coming summer vacation.
there were so many serious cases which will make impact on the life of people.
one case was of triple talaq, he said.
do not know what will be the judgment but rights of the people will be defined, the cji said about that case.
the cji further said, as on january 31, 2017, there was pendency of 7 lakh cases in allahabad hc whereas pendency of 2 lakh cases in its lucknow bench.
the cji said the prime minister speaks his mann ki baat and the entire nation listens to him.
today he was there to tell his dil ki baat to the pm, he said.
union minister for law & justice, electronics and information technology, ravishankarprasad prasad, said the government and judiciary would function in coordination for faster justice delivery.
the government was close to finalising the national litigation policy and he had written to cms of all states on the directive of the pm to make efforts that government litigation be reduced to minimum, prasad added.
the minister further said that digital governance was good governance.
there were 2.
5 lakh common service centres (cscs) across the country and a paralegal entrepreneur will be trained to be associated with these cscs so deprived sections could get pre-litigation legal advice.
on a pilot basis, it will be started at 200 cscs each in up and bihar, he added.
b'whistleblower christopher testifies in the uk house of commons on tuesday.
(ap photo/file) whistleblower christopher testifies in the uk house of commons on tuesday.
(ap photo/file)christopher wylie, the whistleblower behind the revelation of major data theft by his former employer cambridge analytica, on tuesday kicked up a fresh controversy after he claimed the congress was one of the parties in india to engage its services.
testifying in the uk parliament, wylie said, i believe their client was congress but i know that they have done all kinds of project.
i dont remember a national project but i know regionally.
adding that the firm has major offices in india, wylie added, indias so big that one state can be as big as britain.
but they do have offices there, they do have staff.
cambridge analytica controversy rocks indian politics: who said whatwasting no time, union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad demanded an apology from congress today.
he told reporters in new delhi: today the whistleblower christopher wylie has confirmed that cambridge analytics worked with congress.
this has exposed rahul gandhi who was denying all along.
congress and rahul gandhi must now apologise.
countering prasads allegations, congress leader surjewala said, it is all false, why is indias perpetually lying law minister throwing allegations in the media, he is in power why doesnt he show all proof and then register an fir.
we challenge you.
they fear they will be exposed if they probe.
opinion | what cambridge analytica does is the norm, not an aberrationboth the bjp and the congress have been trading charges with each other over using the services of the tainted firm.
even though cambridge analyticas indian partner ovleno business intelligence (obi), owned by amrish tyagi, son of senior jd(u) leader kc tyagi, lists bjp, congress and jd(u) as its clients on its website, all the parties had said they have not used the data firms services in elections.
congress had alleged that the government had invented a story about the congress alleged links with a controversial data firm to divert the media attention from the death of of indians in iraqs mosul.
facebook-cambridge analytica scandal: how data can be used to acquire votersthe whistleblower at the heart of the facebook privacy scandal testified before british lawmakers investigating the increasing rise of fake news.
wylie had alleged that cambridge analytica harvested details of 50 million facebook users and used the material in us president donald trumps 2016 election campaign.
it is alleged the material made it possible to micro-target users with campaign material.
b'it minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
(file) it minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
(file)the government has shot-off notices to facebook and cambridge analytica on the data breach issue and will decide on action to be taken after receiving their responses, it minister ravishankarprasad prasad said on thursday.
we are very tough when it comes to data protection in india.
notice has gone from the indian government to the two companies.
we should wait for their reply.
we will take action after their reply, prasad told reporters.
following up on its earlier warning, the it ministry yesterday issued a notice to social networking giant facebook seeking its response over the user data breach and details of the measures it has put in place to ensure safety and prevent misuse of personal data.
the ministry raised five questions for facebook, including whether the personal data of indian voters and users has been compromised by cambridge analytica or any other downstream entity in any manner, and gave the networking giant a deadline of april 7 to send detailed response.
it questioned whether the company or its related or downstream agencies utilising the data on the social media platform have previously been engaged by any entity to manipulate the indian electoral process.
the letter sent to facebook noted that it has largest footprint in india in terms of user base and sought its reply on proactive measures being taken by the company to ensure safety, security and privacy of such large user data and to prevent its misuse by any third party.
a similar notice was earlier sent to cambridge analytica over media reports about questionable practices attributed to the uk-based firm in their efforts to influence elections by harvesting data of facebook users.
prasad further said that a uk parliamentary committee is conducting an investigation and added that he did not wish to comment on the views of one of its members.
i will not comment on that.
a parliamentary committee of britain is doing an investigation, and one of the members in that has commented, so i should not make any comments on that.
if that committee sends any report, then we can think on it, prasad added.
the past few days have seen a global outrage over the breach of user data on facebook, forcing the company to issue an apology.
data mining firm cambridge analytica has been accused of harvesting personal information of over 50 million facebook users illegally to influence polls in several countries.
facebooks data breach scandal sparked a furore in india with prasad last week warning the firm of stringent action for any attempt to influence polls through data theft and threatening to summon facebook ceo mark zuckerberg, if needed.
former tmc leader mukul roy joins the bjp in new delhi in the presence of union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad and bjp senior leader kailash vijayvargiya, on friday.
pti photo by kamal singh(pti11_3_2017_00173b) former tmc leader mukul roy joins the bjp in new delhi in the presence of union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad and bjp senior leader kailash vijayvargiya, on friday.
pti photo by kamal singh(pti11_3_2017_00173b)mukul roy, one of the founding leaders of the trinamool congress (tmc), officially joined the bjp on friday.
roys entry, bjp leaders said, would strengthen the partys electioneering and ground-level organisation in west bengal, where the bjp is locked in a fierce battle with the ruling tmc.
his experience will benefit us surely, i believe, said union minister ravishankarprasad prasad, who welcomed roy to the party at the bjp headquarters on friday evening.
bjp general secretary kailash vijayvargiya, who had been working to bring roy on board, was also present.
roy said, today i have joined the bjp and it is my proud privilege to work under pm modi.
bjp chief amit shah was not on the dais when roy joined the party.
shah later met roy at the party office.
roy quit the tmc last month and resigned from the rajya sabha following his fallout with party chief and west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee.
after quitting tmc, roy had said members in a party should be comrades and not servants.
bjp chief amit shah with mukul roy in delhi on friday.
pti bjp chief amit shah with mukul roy in delhi on friday.
ptiwhile a section of the bjp led by vijayvargiya wanted roy to join the party, another section had expressed reservations, pointing out that the party had targeted roy for his alleged involvement in the saradha scam.
this group had argued that the bjp, which wants to build its campaign on the plank of modis zero tolerance for corruption, would find it difficult to explain to its cadre the induction of leaders with a tainted image.
however, a senior leader had told the indian express.
no one has the political shrewdness and networking on the ground like mukul roy in west bengal.
his knowledge till the booth level is unique.
he will be like himanta biswa sarma in assam.
he has the ability to make the party stronger and bring electoral gains.
just as sarma had become significant in bjps strategising in the northeast, roys experience would be an asset for the party before the 2019 lok sabha elections, the leader said on friday.
west bengal is among the states where the bjp is eyeing around 150 seats.
roy told journalists on friday that restoring democracy in west bengal would be his priority.
i will work for restoration of democracy in bengal, that will be my first task.
i am a national-level politician, i will try to see that people in bengal can at least vote according to their choice.
if people can cast their votes in panchayat polls, the bjp will wrest power from the tmc in least in 5 zila parishads, he said.
i am an organisational man.
people of bengal have turned against the tmc government.
i am sure that in the lok sabha polls in 2019 and assembly elections in 2021, the bjp will win bengal, he added.
in him, bjp might have got an organisational man who has a reach deep inside the tmc  this is probably why roy was inducted into the party rather than being encouraged to set up his own outfit and ally with the nda.
nearly two years after the supreme court set aside the centuries-old practice of instant triple talaq or talaq-e-biddat calling it un-islamic, arbitrary and not an integral part of religious practice, the muslim women (protection of rights on marriage) bill, 2019 got the stamp of parliament when it was cleared by rajya sabha tuesday, five days after it got the nod from lok sabha.
advertisingthe passage of the instant triple talaq bill is a major win for the government given that ruling nda lacks numbers in rajya sabha.
the bill was passed with 99 votes in favour and 84 opposed after bjd came out in support, allies jd (u) and aiadmk walked out while the opposition bsp, tdp and trs did a no-show.
read | triple talaq bill: how modi 2.
0 felled opp where it had upper handa motion by cpm member elamaram kareem to refer the bill to a select committee was defeated 84-100.
an amendment moved by congress member digvijaya singh to remove the penal provision in the bill too was defeated 84-100.
advertisingexplained bill overrides personal law while the jury is still out on the feasibility of bjps commitment on a uniform civil code, the government has managed to enact a legislation impacting muslim personal laws through the rajya sabha where the ruling party lacks an outright majority.
prime minister narendra modi, taking to twitter, hailed the passage of the bill: an archaic and medieval practice has finally been confined to the dustbin of history!
parliament abolishes triple talaq and corrects a historical wrong done to muslim women.
this is a victory of gender justice and will further equality in society.
india rejoices today!
i thank all parties and mps who have supported the passage of the muslim women (protection of rights on marriage) bill, 2019 in both houses of parliament.
they have risen to the occasion and this step of theirs will forever be remembered in indias history, he said.
read | the women behind instant triple talaq petitions: no other womans life will be ruined nowhome minister amit shah described it as a great day for democracy: i congratulate pm @narendramodi ji for fulfilling his commitment and ensuring a law to ban triple talaq, which will free muslim women from the curse of this regressive practice.
i thank all parties who supported this historic bill.
this was a second setback for the opposition in a week  its attempt to force referral of the right to information (amendment) bill, 2019 to a select committee had failed last week.
read | ravishankarprasad prasad on triple talaq bill: should i leave them (muslim women) crying on footpathwhile participating in the debate, the aiadmk opposed the bill and demanded that it be sent to a select committee, but staged a walkout hours before the motion was put to vote.
opposition benches too were not full.
introducing the bill, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad called it a historic day.
the law, he said, follows from the supreme court judgment of 2017 but even after that, newspapers have reported 574 cases of instant triple talaq.
i want to ask this house, should we tell the women of this country that there is a judgment but we are not acting on it?
that is why we have brought this bill.
because the law is a deterrence.
there were some misgivings people said it is possible a neighbour files an fir, so we made changes that allow only the woman or her blood relative to lodge an fir.
we have made a provision that this is compoundable.
at the instance of the wife, a magistrate can do it magistrate can give bail upon appropriate condition after hearing the wife we have kept provisions for bail, for compromise and for subsistence allowance, he said.
it is a matter of gender justice, gender dignity and gender equality, prasad said.
among the frivolous reasons for which instant triple talaq has been given, he said, are things like a roti gone wrong or because the wife asked for money to buy vegetables.
the oppositions main objection to the bill was declaration of triple talaq as a cognizable offence, attracting up to three years imprisonment with a fine.
speaker after speaker referred to it, saying that a muslim woman who has been given triple talaq and her children will be left in the lurch if the husband is sent to jail.
in his reply, prasad said many personal laws like the hindu marriage act and dowry prohibition act have penal provisions.
he said cruelty against wife is also a criminal offence under the indian penal code.
since the supreme court judgment on august 22, 2017, this is the first time the bill has been put to vote in rajya sabha.
in 2018, when the bill was introduced in rajya sabha, the opposition had moved for a select committee reference but the house was adjourned before voting could take place after treasury benches trooped to the well and started raising slogans.
lok sabha though discussed the bill/ordinance thrice.
the muslim women (protection of rights on marriage) ordinance, 2019 was promulgated for the third time on january 12, 2019.
leader of opposition ghulam nabi azad, in his brief intervention, accused the government of attempting to finish the muslim community by bringing this bill.
this bill is called the muslim women (protection of rights on marriage) bill.
it is a misnomer.
in my view, the real intention is destruction of muslim families, he said.
if muslims are killed by mob lynching, there are law and order implications.
but here you are trying to burn muslim households with the lamp of their own house so nobody will have any problem, azad said.
he said the changes brought by the government in the bill were cosmetic.
speaking for jd(u), bashistha narain singh said bills like talaq-e-biddat take long social movements to end, not just through one law.
following his brief speech, his party mps walked out.
advertisingminority affairs minister mukhtar abbas naqvi listed the pro-women initiatives of the nda government.
his mention of beti bachao beti padhao was met with cries of unnao from the opposition benches  a reference to the unnao rape victim being seriously injured in a road accident.
the rape accused is up bjp mla kuldeep sengar.
the indian union muslim league on monday alleged that bjp-led nda government showed an inhuman attitude following the death of their leader and mp e ahamed and said the party would organise protest conventions in all 14 districts of kerala on february 11.
a meeting of the iuml working committee here passed a resolution titled fascism on deathbed and said the party would extend all support to opposition parties demand for a probe by a parliamentary committee into the manner in which the death of ahamed was handled by the government.
watch video | kerala law academy row: student union protest in front of universityiuml is the second largest partner in the congress-led united democratic front opposition in kerala.
it was also a member of the upa.
opposition parties had alleged that government delayed the announcement of the death of ahmed to facilitate the presentation of the union budget on february 1.
talking to reporters after the meeting, iuml supremo panakkad hyderali shihab thangal alleged that the centre had exhibited an inhuman attitude after ahameds death.
the party will organise protest conventions in all districts on february 11, he said.
iuml expressed gratitude to aicc chief sonia gandhi and congress vice president rahul gandhi for being present at rml hospital, where ahamed was taken after he collapsed in parliament on february 1.
iuml national treasurer p k kunhalikutty said sonia gandhi spent about two and half hours at the hospital to enquire about ahamed.
it is an expression of solidarity and the party will not forget that, he said adding it also reflected the face of compassion at a time when government neglected.
kunhalikutty refused to to drawn into the issue of triple talaq and said the recent statement of union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad on the matter was with an eye on the uttar pradesh polls.
we are not taking the bait, he said, adding that bjps aim was communal polarisation and nothing else.
thangal also said iuml did not discuss the issue of candidature for the malappuram lok sabha segment which fell vacant following the death of ahmed.
let the notification come, he added.
the government wednesday clarified there is no proposal to close state-run bsnl and mtnl, which are facing financial stress due to stiff competition and high employee costs, and added that a comprehensive plan for their revival is under preparation.
advertisingno proposal of closure of mahanagar telephone nigam limited (mtnl) is under consideration, telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad informed the lok sabha.
in a separate reply, he said there was no such proposal under consideration for bsnl as well.
indian institute of management, ahmedabad and m/s deloitte were engaged to facilitate the preparation of the revival/ restructuring plan of bsnl and mtnl respectively.
pursuant to their recommendations and approval of respective boards, a comprehensive revival plan for bsnl and mtnl is under preparation, prasad added.
advertisingthe loss-making telecom firms have approached the department of telecom for immediate help as they are facing financial stress, which has aggravated due to the tariff war triggered by the entry of reliance jio.
prasad further said the employee cost of bsnl is 75.
06 per cent and that of mtnl is 87.
15 per cent of their total income, while the same for private telecom companies varies between 2.
9 to 5 per cent.
the government wants to take care of the employees and yet revive these psus for fair competition in market, he added.
according to data shared in the lok sabha, the market share of mtnl in the two circles where it operates has declined to 6.
95 per cent at the end of 2018-19 from 7.
37 per cent in 2016-17.
bsnls market share, despite cut-throat competition, increased to 10.
72 per cent from 9.
63 per cent on pan-india basis during the same period.
the telecom sector is facing financial stress due to stiff competition and reduction in tariffs.
the gross revenue of two private operators ie airtel and vodafone/idea has also reduced in fy 2017-18 and fy 2018-19, prasad added.
he also said the government is utilising bsnl for providing mobile connectivity in naxal-affected areas, improving telecom network in andaman and nicobar and lakshadweep islands, optical fibre based network for defence services and execution of bharatnet project, among others.
the minister said there was a delay of some days in payment of salary in the last five to six months at mtnl due to shortage of funds arising out of mismatch in revenue inflows and liability outflows, but now no salary payment is pending.
the salary to bsnl employees is being paid regularly.
however there was some delay in the salary paid for the month of february, 2019, prasad said.
according to official data, a total of 1,63,902 employees, including 46,597 executive and 1,17,305 non-executive, were working in bsnl as on march 31, 2019.
mtnls staff strength stood at 21,679 (3,128 executive and 18,551 non-executive employees).
b'bjp today warned the government against going ahead with the sethusamudram project,saying the sentiments of crores of hindus are attached to the issue and it will not tolerate any tampering with the ram setu.
we would like to warn the government on the ram setu issue.
it is ignoring the recommendations of the r k pachauri committee report and going ahead with the project.
this is an issue related to hindu sentiments and beliefs, party spokesperson ravishankarprasad prasad told reporters here.
the principal opposition party demanded scrapping of the project.
the pachauri committee,which submitted its report to the supreme court,has said the sethusamudram shipping channel project is not viable on economic and ecological grounds.
government has rejected the report and maintained that it intends to pursue the project which will cut through the adams bridge,popularly known as ram setu.
bjp and the nation will not tolerate any tampering with the ram setu.
why is cutting through it the only solution?
prasad asked.
asked about the governments contention that over rs 800 crore has already been spent on the project,the bjp leader said it is not a question of what amount was spent but why this expenditure was incurred in the first place.
without the ram setu you cannot think of the ramayana, prasad said,adding that sentiments of crores of hindu are attached to the issue.
ram setu is the mythical bridge on which lord ram and his army crossed the sea to invade ravans kingdom.
bjp has always been opposed to the sethusamudram project which envisages dredging of a shipping channel,proposed to be 30 m wide,12 m deep and 167 km long,across the palk straits between india and sri lanka.
b'the rising stock of gujarat chief minister narendra modi within the bjp was apparently visible at the partys national executive meet here today when party president rajnath singh gave him a special welcome and noted that even the european union is recognising his achievements.
modi,seen as a frontrunner among bjps prime ministerial probables,was lauded by singh for achieving the unprecedented feat of winning three consecutive elections in gujarat.
singh said no other bjp chief minister has such a record.
the party president accorded a special welcome to narendra modi.
he has created a new record among the bjp chief ministers by being the first to be re-elected for the third consecutive term with a very convincing majority.
all the national executive members also welcomed him, bjp spokesperson ravishankarprasad prasad told a press conference.
singh appreciated modis performance again in his speech when he criticised the upa governments failure in reviving the economy.
the president also said performance of bjp-ruled states is being discussed around the world.
he made a special mention of gujarat.
that even the european union is recognising this and despite several campaigns against him they are trying to build new relations with him, prasad said.
but the bjp was non-committal on whether the issue of who will be its prime ministerial candidate has been settled in modis favour.
asked about it,prasad said,i think the national president has clarified repeatedly.
let me reiterate it today.
we are very proud of the leadership of narendra modi.
he was appreciated,complimented because of the historic third win,being the first bjp chief minister to do so.
but who shall be the pm candidate of the bjp,the partys parliamentary board will decide at the appropriate time.
in his inaugural address,singh also referred to the circumstances under which he took over as bjp chief in january.
singh said he has accepted the post of president with a heavy heart, prasad told reporters.
he added that in bjp change of responsibility is a natural process.
in a dramatic turn of events,former president nitin gadkari  who was set to get another term  was replaced by singh as the unanimous choice after companies related to his purti group were raided by the income tax department.
this is the first national executive and council meet of the bjp since singh took over.
the formalities of his acceptance by the bjp national council  a body comprising of nearly 2,200 office-bearers and members from across the states and the central leadership  will be completed tomorrow.
at the national executive meeting,gadkari welcomed singh and announced that he will stand by the new president with all his strength as he has done for the bjp all along.
the three-day conclave will see the bjp leaders discuss the strategy for the forthcoming assembly elections in states like rajasthan,madhya pradesh,chhattisgarh,delhi and karnataka as well as the 2014 general elections.
setting the mood for the conclave in his speech,singh said,if 20th century was a century of the congress,let 21st century be the century of the bjp.
he praised the bjp-ruled states and enumerated the economic failures of the upa government.
singh described the union budget as a budget of desperation.
singh held upa governments bad governance,recurrent corruption and gross mismanagement of the economy responsible and said the entire credibility of indian governance is in serious crisis at the global stage, prasad said.
the bjp chief also maintained that the very precarious gdp of india,which is nearly 5 per cent,is also substantially because of the over 10 per cent growth rate of bjp-ruled states.
two weeks after he countered union minister ravishankarprasad prasads remarks on bsnls services during calamities, rajiv pratap rudy, lok sabha mp from bihars saran and a minister in the previous government, on monday expressed displeasure over the governments failure to promote tourist places in bihar.
advertisingrudy, a bjp national spokesperson, even challenged union tourism minister prahlad singh patels statement over the submission of a proposal by bihar government, saying he would table the copy of the proposal in lok sabha.
the saran mp said that despite his repeated requests, the government had not taken any step to develop the sonepur cattle fair and a dolphin sanctuary in saran.
when i wrote to the minister for the first time, he said there needs to be a tourism circuit.
i did not even know that there were government funds for eco-tourism.
today, from the reply i came to know that around rs 500 crore has been spent on eco-tourism in eight states.
but i have always told the government that bihar has not got any money in the name of eco-tourism or any other categorisation, he said.
rudy said saran, where ganga, gandak and ghaghara rivers merge, has endangered dolphins and the countrys largest cattle fair is held in sonepur, but they have failed to get the ministrys attention.
advertisingthe minister has given a reply on july 1.
i have been roaming around with these kinds of notes, but i dont understand in which office of the indian government, these notes vanish?
he said, adding that he gave another letter on the issue on march 9, 2018.
whenever i go to an official, they open a fresh file and cite rules to state why the proposal of bihar government is pending.
rudy pointed out that the ministry keeps changing names of the tourism projects  he said that in the july 1 response, the project was called swadesh darshan and in mondays reply, the term was eco-tourism.
you call it any name you want, but please consider the proposal for these two, rudy said.
the tourism minister said that proposals for all development projects have to come from state governments and these have to come with a detailed project report.
the central government, he said, has received only applications and no dprs.this appeared to annoy rudy, who stood up and said he had submitted a dpr too and if the officials did not bring it under the consideration of the minister, then it was a matter of privilege against officials concerned.
later, rudy told mediapersons that the department tried to evade the question, saying there was no proposal from bihar.
they got into trouble with that.
i had the letter of the state government and the copy of the proposal,  he said.
the saran mp said that he hoped the officials would take the matter seriously.
another bjp mp hema malini, lok sabha member from mathura, also expressed displeasure over the delay in implementing promised projects under the tourism ministry.
she said there has been no action on the development of mathura, vrindavan and adjoining areas under the ministrys krishna circuit.
recently, rudy countered prasad, union minister for communications, in lok sabha.
when prasad said that during calamities, only state-run telecom operators provide free services, rudy stood up and said private operators too extend free services.
b'rahul gandhi accused the bjp of inventing a story of data theft by the congress to divert attention from the death of 39 indians in iraq.
(express photo by praveen jain) rahul gandhi accused the bjp of inventing a story of data theft by the congress to divert attention from the death of 39 indians in iraq.
(express photo by praveen jain)with the war of words between the bjp and congress intensifying over alleged links to cambridge analytica  which is at the centre of an international storm over alleged manipluation of elections  both sides accused each other of utilising the services of the london-based firm during election campaigns in the past.
congress president rahul gandhi accused the bjp of inventing a story of data theft by the congress to divert attention from the death of 39 indians in iraq, an issue over which the government has come under severe criticism, while the bjp warned its political rival against politics on dead bodies.
reiterating the allegations he raised on wednesday, union minister ravishankarprasad prasad insisted that the opposition party and rahul used the services of cambridge analytica.
addressing a press conference, prasad said: all i will tell rahul gandhi is that he should not do politics on dead bodies of indians who lost their lives in very unfortunate circumstances.
he was responding to rahuls comment that the government invented a controversy to divert attention from the questions the party had raised.
problem: 39 indians dead; government on the mat, caught lying.
solution: invent story on congress and data theft.
result: media networks bite bait; 39 indians vanish from radar.
problem solved, rahul had tweeted.
the congress has been accusing the government of managing headlines to deflect the countrys focus from the pnb bank scam, dilution of provisions of the sc/st atrocities act and questions being raised by the families of those killed in iraq.
prasad also alleged that several media reports about the opposition party using the firms services had appeared last october and november and it never denied those stories until the bjp raised the issue on wednesday.
the articles appeared in october and its been months.
the congress never denied the reports.
the congress party maintained a conspicuous silence on the role of a dubious company, he said at a press conference at parliament house building.
prasad said the congress campaign, which was full of fake news and poisonous and divisive, had the imprints of cambridge analytica.
rahul gandhis entire social media campaign has been managed with the help of cambridge analytica and they have had meetings also, he said.
the minister of law and justice and it denied that the bjp had tied up with ca.
there is no authentic confirmation of any indian partner of the company working for the bjp or its allies, he said.
he, however, sought to make a distinction between ca and its partner, saying the former has been accused of using honey-trap and data theft.
congress communications in-charge randeep surjewala said the government had lied to the families of the 39 indians about their loved ones being alive even after evidence suggested they were killed years ago.
families ask questions  why did modi government and sushmaji mislead them for 4 yrs?
another lie, another spin exposed as truth unravels on mosul tragedy he tweeted.
b'bharat mata statue (archives) bharat mata statue (archives)the evidence is now unmistakable that indias economic transformation is not the primary project of the bjp regime.
the bjps 2014 election campaign was heavily based on that.
but for all practical purposes, economic development has become a secondary narrative for the bjp.
a sensible 2016 national budget held political attention for a day or two.
make in india, start-up india, digital india, smart cities, as projects, have not led to campaigns.
basically, no cadres, no crowds, no great emotions have been mobilised in behalf of economic development.
to paraphrase prime minister narendra modi, vikas (development) has not become a janandolan (mass movement).
indias cultural transformation is the fundamental project of bjp politics today.
if the economy is transformed, the success will, of course, be ardently celebrated.
but if that does not come about, a cultural narrative is being created for political campaigns.
the government is bowing to the rss, which has greater mobilisation power than the bjp, provides cadres to bjp campaigns, and cannot live without its core belief that india is a hindu nation.
economics is entirely secondary to the functioning of the rss.
compare this governments lacklustre economic mobilisation with the unflagging energy of hindu nationalist cultural campaigns.
first it was ghar wapsi (reconversion of muslims and christians to hinduism); next came cow protection; and now we have bharat mata (mother india).
indeed, the emergence of nationalism as a theme and the identification of bharat mata as its central metaphor are the new ideological pivots.
the pivot was formed in the jnu crisis but its roots lie in the bjps attempt to discover a formula that can merge its own concerns with those of the rss.
all political regimes in india have, nearly always, appointed sympathetic heads of universities, research and cultural bodies.
what is distinctive about the current regime is not its appointment of obscure figures as academic heads, but its focus on the student politics of universities.
as part of this project, the bjp is also trying to turn the akhil bharatiya vidyarthi parishad (abvp), a hindu-nationalist student organisation, into a prime vehicle.
the abvp has long been present in indias universities.
indeed, several important ministers of the modi government, such as arun jaitley and ravishankarprasad prasad, cut their political teeth as abvp leaders.
but at no point has the abvp been critical to the decision-making of bjp governments.
that norm has been broken.
consider the two most important university-government conflicts of the last few months.
rohith vemula was suspended from hyderabad central university because he fought with the abvp, which successfully reached bjp ministers in delhi for punitive action.
at jnu, kanhaiya kumar clashed with the abvp, which then used its access to the bjp government for a fullscale state assault on jnus intellectual culture.
i was a student at jnu during 1977-81 and have also been in touch since then.
i may not have a flattering view of jnus research achievements, but that is irrelevant to how we judge the jnu crisis, which is about larger principles.
the student slogans, which ignited the ire of the political establishment, were always heard on the fringes at jnu.
several jnu professors were also rebellious.
they were troubling then, as they are annoying today, but they were never the mainstream, which was always more anti-state than anti-national.
many at jnu disliked the indian state, but they did not abhor the indian nation.
they simply had different views about how to make the state more humane and pro-poor.
youthful idealism got inevitably tempered, as jnu students made successful careers in the civil service, journalism and academia.
their views did not cause indias disintegration, nor will that happen now, for debate is jnus forte, not armed action.
and without armed action, modern states do not normally crumble.
all views at jnu were handled via debates and votes in elections.
state power was not used, except during the emergency.
the abvp has every right to campaign against students, professors and organisations that question the indian state, even nationhood, and win campus debates and/or student elections.
but the use of state power, especially sedition laws, morphs a regular problem of debate into one of national security.
that is the metamorphosis the government has brought about with audaciousimpunity.
the question is why.
the best hypothesis is that the bjp is looking for a mobilisational narrative that can bridge what the rss wants and what the bjp can render as a holder of state power.
the bjps own organisational cadres are not as large, or as committed, as those of the rss.
so long as the bjp does not fully rely on its own cadres, its dependence on the rss will remain.
but while in power, the bjp cannot openly embrace ghar wapsi or beef bans as its primary narrative.
it can only wink and nod.
both narratives, nakedly communal, create political difficulties, internally and internationally.
some non-rss members of the bjp are in the top tiers of power, and the respect that modi has in western capitals would erode, if his regime came to be identified with religious violence.
the nation, conceptualised as bharat mata, provides a solution.
to the rss, it merges the hindu with the nation, but for millions of non-rss indians, bharat mata is larger in its symbolism.
in the discovery of india, jawaharlal nehru narrates in fascinating detail how during his travels, millions of rural peasants, regardless of background, described india as bharat mata.
even today, rural muslims may not object to the concept of bharat mata.
of course, right since bankim chandra chattopadhyays 1882 novel, anandamath, many urban muslims have agreed with asaduddin owaisis claim that bharat mata is a hindu symbol.
but there are also other urban muslims, like the poet javed akhtar, who do not share that view.
unlike the cow, the reconversions or the ram temple, bharat mata cannot be unambiguously linked to hindu communalism.
even the congress, as a result, has fallen for the slogan.
can bharat mata be a magic fuel for the bjps onward ideological march?
can indians be forced to say bharat mata ki jai (victory to mother india)?
do the liberals have another way of defining the nation?
these questions are analytically separable from why bharat mata has risen as a new bjp pivot.
the next columns will address them.
b'ravi shankar prasad, vashistha narayan singh and mahendra prasad display their certificates at bihar assembly in patna on thursday.
(source: pti) ravishankarprasad prasad, vashistha narayan singh and mahendra prasad display their certificates at bihar assembly in patna on thursday.
(source: pti)maharashtravacant seats 6candidates elected unopposed 6they include bjp candidates union minister prakash javadekar, former maharashtra cm narayan rane and former kerala bjp president v muraleedharan, apart from journalist kumar ketkar (congress), anil desai (shiv sena) and vandana chavan (ncp).
madhya pradeshvacant seats 5candidates elected unopposed 5they include bjp candidates thawar chand gehlot and dharmendra pradhan (union ministers) and ajay pratap singh and kailash soni (state party leaders), apart from former minister rajmani patel (congress).
rajasthanvacant seats 3candidates elected unopposed 3bjp candidates kirodi lal meena, bhupender yadav and madan lal saini were declared elected unopposed after scrutiny of nominations.
gujaratvacant seats 4candidates elected unopposed 4union ministers purshottam rupala and mansukh mandavia (bjp) and naran rathwa and amee yajnik (congress) were declared elected unopposed by the election authorities.
biharvacant seats 6candidates elected unopposed 6they include union minister ravishankarprasad prasad, re-nominated by the bjp, vashistha narain singh and mahendra prasad of the jd(u),manoj jha and ashfaq karim of the rjd and akhilesh prasad singhof congress.
anil baluni with uttarakhand chief minister trivendra singh rawat and state bjp chief ajay bhatt in dehradun on thursday.
(express photo: virender singh negi) anil baluni with uttarakhand chief minister trivendra singh rawat and state bjp chief ajay bhatt in dehradun on thursday.
(express photo: virender singh negi)uttarakhandvacant seats 1candidates elected unopposed 1anil baluni, head of bjps national media department, was declared elected to the rajya sabha seat.
himachal pradeshvacant seats 1candidates elected unopposed 1union health minister j p nadda was declared re-elected to the upper house unopposed.
odishavacant seats 3candidates elected unopposed 3all the bjd candidates  prashant nanda, soumya ranjan patnaik and achyuta samanta  were declared elected unopposed.
andhra pradeshvacant seats 3candidates elected unopposed 3they include tdps c m ramesh and kanakamedala ravindra kumar and ysrcs vemireddy prabhakar reddy.
haryanavacant seats 1candidates elected unopposed 1retired lt general d p vats, a bjp nominee, was elected unopposed as no other contestant filed nomination.
right to privacy: the uidai and its claim of data security will come under scrutiny.
(ap photo/representational) right to privacy: the uidai and its claim of data security will come under scrutiny.
(ap photo/representational)judgments delivered by indian courts invariably record the arguments of counsel for the parties to the case.
in the privacy case (justice k s puttaswamy), decided by the supreme court on august 24, 2017, the judgment of justice rohinton nariman has (helpfully for the public) recorded the arguments in paragraphs 6 to 10.
let me quote from paragraph 6 of that judgment:6.
appearing on behalf of the union of india, shri k k venugopal, learned attorney general (ag) of india, has argued that the conclusions arrived at in the 8-judge bench and the 5-judge bench decisions should not be disturbed as they are supported by the fact that the founding fathers expressly rejected the right to privacy being made part of the fundamental rights chapter of the constitutionin paragraphs 7, 8, 9 and 10, it was noted that the counsel for the states of madhya pradesh, maharashtra, gujarat and haryana adopted the arguments of the ag and added their own reasons as well: concept of privacy was inherently vague, subjective, inchoate, unsound, etc.
it does not require deductive logic to conclude that the central government and bjp-ruled states took a common position that was decided upon by the bjps leadership: that right to privacy was not, and should not be declared, a fundamental right.
the verdict and the spinin the end, the supreme court, in a unanimous verdict (9-0), rejected these arguments.
the court held that privacy was a sound concept, that right to privacy was a fundamental right, and that the two earlier judgments were wrong and hence overruled.
it was a comprehensive rejection of the arguments of the central government and bjp-ruled state governments.
after the verdict was delivered, the bjp gave it a spin.
the central government, through its minister of law, no less, claimed that the court had accepted the governments stand and the government welcomed the judgment!
the nine honourable judges who heard the case would have blanched.
mr ravishankarprasad prasad deserves an award for bravery or, at least, a place in the indian cricket team!
the player on the governments team who emerged with credibility was mr mukul rohatgi, the former ag.
in a candid interview, he said had he still been in office as ag, he would have admitted that the government had lost the case.
he also said that, in his opinion, the judgment of the court was wrong.
exploring dark matterdeclaring a right not explicitly listed in part iii of the constitution as a fundamental right is not unprecedented.
the judgment of justice d y chandrachud listed the precedents:* the right to go abroad;* the right against solitary confinement;* the right of prisoners against various fetters;* the right to legal aid;* the right to speedy trial;* the right against handcuffing;* the right against custodial violence;* the right against public hanging;* the right to doctors assistance at government hospitals;* the right to shelter;* the right to a healthy environment;* the right to compensation for unlawful arrest;* the right to freedom from torture;* the right to reputation; and* the right to earn a livelihood.
justice j chelameswar described the exercise as exploring the constitutions dark matter.
just as it was exposited in kesavananda bharati vs state of kerala that the constitution had a basic structure which was beyond the power of amendment, in justice k s puttaswamy, the court has discovered another gem  that the right to privacy is an inalienable part of the right to life and personal liberty (article 21).
through lens of privacythe implications are far-reaching.
every action of the government that affects a person/citizen must now be examined through the lens of the right to privacy.
the immediate candidate for questioning is linking aadhaar to a number of activities like income-tax return, pan, bank account, air ticket, school admission, etc.
that was not  repeat, not  the original purpose of aadhaar and is, arguably, an invasion of privacy.
aadhaar was conceived and implemented (cautiously) to ensure that government benefits and subsidies did not go into the hands of the wrong person as a result of duplication, impersonation or falsification.
cases of ghost students receiving scholarships, bogus muster rolls under mgnrega, second or multiple subsidised lpg cylinders obtained under duplicate/multiple identities, etc.
were common.
insistence on aadhaar would put an end to the malpractices.
however, under the nda government, aadhaar has exceeded its original purpose and has been made mandatory for activities that do not involve government benefits or subsidies.
the question is, why?
the uidai and its claim of data security will come under scrutiny.
the natgrids authority and mandate must be reviewed.
the powers of search and seizure, telephone tapping, off-site surveillance, etc have to restricted.
section 377, ipc, must be struck down (not just read down).
lgbt rights need to be acknowledged.
know your customer, data-collection, data-mining, data-sharing and profiling must be regulated.
right to be forgotten must be made enforceable.
right to die, euthanasia and reproductive rights must be debated.
justice k s puttaswamy has enlarged and enriched the freedom that we won in 1947.
today, we will celebrate.
tomorrow, there will be other challenges and those too we shall overcome.
the issue of ram setu rocked rajya sabha today with bjp asking the government to withdraw its affidavit given in court on plans to dismantle it,leading to acrimonious exchanges and consequent adjournment of the house.
the house witnessed uproarious scenes on the issue,with bjp and the government trading charges,accusing each other of playing politics and not having faith in god,as dmk and aiadmk members joined in.
as bjp and the treasury benches traded charges against each other,e m s natchiappan,who was in the chair,adjourned the house till 2 pm amid acrimonious scenes.
raising the issue during zero hour,prakash javadekar (bjp) asked the government to withdraw its affidavit given in court on its decision to dismantle the structure and said they will not allow this to happen.
he also asked the government to agree to recommendations of the pachauri expert committees suggestion for a different alignment without dismantling the ram setu structure,to which the government is not agreeing.
bjp members stood up after minister of state for parliamentary affairs rajiv shukla accused the party of playing politics on the issue for votes and later trooped into the well raising slogans for taking back the affidavit given by the centre.
affidavit wapas lo,wapas lo, (take back the affidavit), they chanted even as aiadmk and dmk also raised slogans leading to the adjournment of the house.
javadekar accused government of not being concerned about public and religious sentiments as also of preserving ancient heritage and demanded withdrawal of the affidavit.
he warned that an agitation would be launched if the government did not do so.
ravi shankar prasad (bjp) joined him saying india cannot exist without ram and ram setu and the issue was not just of indias heritage but also of public sentiment and demanded a response from the government.
venkaiah naidu (bjp) said the state governments response should be taken on the issue and charged the government of not having faith in god or lord ram and demanded an assurance from the government in the house.
parliamentary affairs minister rajiv shukla instead accused the bjp of playing politics on the issue for votes and alleged use of bullying tactics by it in seeking government response on the issue.
you cannot force me to speak on the issuethe matter is sub-judice and it would not be proper for the government to make any comment on the floor of the house, shukla said,leading to uproar and acrimonious exchanges between thetreasury benches and the opposition.
while tiruchi siva (dmk) supported the government on the issue,v maitreyan (aiadmk) demanded that the states views should be heard first before deciding on the issue and said the report of the expert committed should have been accepted by the government.
take a look at the indian express power list of 2016-17 not just to see who are the most powerful 100 in this country of a billion plus.
look at it, also, to get a sense of how, over the past year, power has changed hands  and how power itself has changed.
to take the second change first, which is also the context in which the first  the movement of the powerful  is to be tracked: more than any other in recent times, the past year has framed and sharpened an absence in indias liberal democratic imagination.
liberal democracy in india has always seemed ill-trained in the art of separation that produces a check and balance on power, and is also a way of fragmenting it.
democracy in india doesnt ask itself the question, at least not often enough, and not with enough sophistication: what are the bases of different institutions?
what are the different kinds of power?
it is in this space of unasked questions that the steep climb and precipitous fall of individuals in the ie power list tells a story, of course.
large meanings can also be prised from the small shifts.
the top three of 2016-17 remain the same as in 2015-16  prime minister narendra modi, bjp president amit shah and rss sarsanghchalak mohan bhagwat  but with a difference.
while modi remains numero uno, shah trades places with bhagwat.
the moving up of shah, the stepping down of bhagwat, if only by a rung each, speaks of an unfolding realignment within the sangh parivar  the dramatic electoral successes of the modi-shah election machine are helping them pull ahead of not just their opponents and rivals but also their friends.
the year 2015-2016 was when the political opposition struck back at the bjp dominance established by its 282-seat triumph in 2014  first arvind kejriwals aap routed the bjp in delhi, then the nitish kumar-lalu prasad mahagathbandhan trounced it in bihar.
it was also the year when the bjps political project seemed challenged by events and stories outside the political arena that snowballed, acquired power, became writ large  the murder of mohammad akhlaq in dadri over rumours of beef in september 2015, the suicide of dalit student rohith vemula at the hyderabad university campus in january 2016.
this was followed by the spreading protests against the arrest of students in jnu on charges of sedition, which also stoked a wide and vibrant debate on the meaning of nationalism.
yet, in 2017, that agitation and those debates seem frayed and faded already.
their dramatis personae, like the fiery jnu student leaders, are no longer prominent on the stage.
they have been relegated by the inevitable return to business-as-usual, yes, but also by the sound and spectacle of the bjps electoral victories, especially and most recently in uttar pradesh.
unsurprising, then, that a host of opposition leaders move down the power list: arvind kejriwal slips from no.
8 to 33, mayawati who was at 30 last year is now at 50, and lalu prasad is down from 26 to 42.
the gandhis, sonia and rahul, may not show as great a fall  from 5 to 9 and from 9 to 10, respectively.
but there is a settled stolid dullness to their ranking, especially when you contrast it with the blistering trajectory of yogi adityanath, a new entrant at no.
8, or himanta biswa sarma who left the congress to become powerful in the bjp, and who is also a new entry in the list, at 37.
nitish kumar, who had seemed for a while last year to be the emerging rallying point for anti-bjp forces, has receded only from 12 to 13, but in his case, the rungs he hasnt climbed are more telling.
all those who are on the list are there because of the individuals that they are and because of the institutions and offices that they represent.
but the rise in the list of chief justice khehar, from 41 to 4, and the entry of dipak misra at 15 and justice lodha at 78, owes more to their institution  the judiciary  at a time when other checks and balances on concentrated executive power are waning.
how these individuals act on their institutions, steer their course, will determine their ranking in next years list.
and what about the non-political powerful of 2016-17?
except for the feisty kangana ranaut gatecrashing this list of 90 men and 10 women,as she has done bollywood, in the most powerful and empowering way possible, well, what about them?
here is the list:also read | the most powerful indians in 2017, 51 to 100: aamir khan moves up to 61, chidambaram at 711.
narendra damodardas modi, 66prime minister of india(rank 2016: 1)whybecause nearly three years into his term, he remains the unchallenged number 1.
because under him, the bjp looks unstoppable, forcing the opposition to continually play catch-up.
every key move the modi government makes  from surgical strikes to demonetisation  is done in his name.
under him, the prime ministers office wields almost absolute power, inviting awe and criticism in equal measure.
his relentless campaigning fuelled the partys sweep in uttar pradesh, setting the stage for 2019.
his constant communication underlines the power of his politics.
power punchdemonetisation.
its economics may have been suspect but its politics was pure gold.
he proved his critics wrong and projected the hugely disruptive note ban as a transformational reform that people must support for the greater good.
and they did.
what nexthalfway into his term, hes looking beyond 2019.
economy and employment, rising expectations of the young remain his key challenges at home that will also define his place in the world.
by the wayhe loves photography, shoots a lot and always directs photographers even as he poses for them.
2.
amit shah, 52bjp president(rank 2016: 3)whyhe pushes the rss chief down one rank because he has established himself as the bjps trump card.
despite the criticism over his style of functioning, shah has proved he is the most effective strategist, whether in uttar pradesh, maharashtra or manipur.
he not only led the party to historic victories in up and uttarakhand by stitching together a new social coalition, but also choreographed the bjp takeover of goa and manipur.
power punchshah stuck to his handpicked candidates for uttar pradesh and uttarakhand, including some who joined the party on the eve of the release of the list.
what nextelections in gujarat later this year.
he realises the partys performance here is tied to his prestige as well as that of the pm.
by the wayhe has been on a strict weight-loss programme and has already lost over 15 kg.
3.
mohan bhagwat, 66rss sarsanghchalak(rank 2016: 2)whywithout rocking any boats, like in the atal bihari vajpayee years, he has ensured that the rss and the bjp government remain in step and in sync.
despite the rebellion in the goa unit and some swayamsevaks carping over tickets in up and uttarakhand, bhagwats sangh has emerged as the perfect foil to the modi government.
power punchhis public disagreements are keenly heard.
for instance, his disapproval of the draft education policy prompted the centre to review it.
what nextto push the rss agenda on triple talaq and empowerment of dalits and other backward classes, especially in southern states.
by the wayfinds time to watch movies with close friends from nagpur.
4.
j s khehar, 64chief justice of india(rank 2016: 41)whywith the judiciary and the executive locked in a struggle over delay in appointments to the higher judiciary and a new memorandum of procedure (mop), the cji, who heads the collegium that clear the names of judges for high courts and the apex court, plays a key role.
besides, he will hear all important pils in the supreme court.
power punchthe sc collegium under him has stood its ground, virtually rejecting every contentious clause that the modi government wanted in the new mop.
what nexthe is expected to head the constitution bench that will decide the validity of aadhaar and the contours of the right to privacy.
by the wayhe often refers to his wife as sher khan and tiger.
5.
ajit doval, 72national security advisor(rank 2016: 18)whybecause he is the most important bureaucrat in the modi government.
he has the prime ministers ear on everything, from foreign policy and the challenges of terror to negotiations with the naga rebels.
power punchfollowing the public announcement of the surgical strikes in pok last november, he is said to have controlled the flow of information and played a key role in shaping the narrative.
what nextto quickly gauge the trump administration and work on common areas so that new delhi is able to tap into the new washington.
by the waystill responds to every single soldierly salutation in his office with a loud and brisk vishraam, araam se.
6.
arun jaitley, 64union finance minister(rank 2016: 4)whythe effective no 2 in the modi cabinet, jaitley has the task of steering the economy towards higher growth amid a slowdown resulting from demonetisation.
with manohar parrikar heading to goa, jaitley holds additional charge of the crucial defence ministry.
power punchafter a series of hectic negotiations with states and political parties, jaitley was able to get the constitutional amendment related to gst passed by parliament.
a crucial indirect tax reform, consensus on which once seemed impossible, gst is likely to be implemented fromjuly 1.
what nextimproving the countrys tax base and ensuring that people stay the course on digital transactions.
by the wayhe is on very friendly terms with captain amarinder singh, the man who defeated him in the bitterly fought amritsar lok sabha contest.
7.
mukesh dhirubhai ambani, 59chairman, reliance industries(rank 2016: 5)whycontinues to remain the richest indian with a net worth of rs 1,75,400 crore (us $26 billion), according to the hurun global rich list.
he is now focusing on his telecom venture, reliance jio, which is making aggressive plans in the segment, giving established players such as airtel a run for their money.
the groups sprawling media ownership is now a role model for other corporates.
power punchjio has secured over 10 crore customers in less than six months.
what nextwith jio set to charge customers from april, his next move in the intensely competitive telecom sector will be keenly watched.
by the waya nature buff, ambani loves to visit wildlife hotspots such as kruger national park in south africa.
8.
yogi adityanath, 44chief minister, uttar pradesh(rank 2016: new entry)whyfor being chief minister of indias most populous state, where the bjp and its allies have come to power with a thumping mandate, winning 325 of 403 seats in the assembly elections.
a key hindutva face of the bjp, he surprised nearly everyone by becoming the partys choice to lead the state government.
power punchwhen he pipped about half-a-dozen aspirants to the post of cm.
long seen as the fringe in the state bjp, he now represents the mainstream.
what nexthe faces the daunting task of balancing the demands of his office with those of his restive and aggressive supporters.
how he does that will decide how effectively the bjp reaps its electoral harvest in up.
the crackdown on meat and the anti-romeo squads have dominated headlines but the yogi story is yet to unfold.
by the wayhe is fond of watches.
wears a rado on his left wrist.
9.
sonia gandhi, 70congress president(rank 2016: 5)whydespite her conscious decision to stay away from the limelight and make way for son rahul, sonia gandhi remains the paramount leader of the congress.
the longest-serving president of the grand old party, she is still the last word and the final arbiter in the party.
though her ill health has forced her to curtail her public appearances, she remains accessible to all leaders.
power punchher strategic absence from the congress working committee meeting, in which her loyalist ak antony broached the topic of rahuls elevation, was a message loud and clear for rahul baiters to fall in line and reconcile with the new normal.
what nextwith the party battered at the polls, she could step down as president but will remain the figurehead.
by the wayshe opens all official communication from congress office bearers and administrative staff all by herself.
also, she personally puts her replies into envelopes and seals them herself.
10.
rahul gandhi, 46congress vice-president(rank 2016: 9)whywith mother sonia gandhi taking a back seat, rahul is now in effective control of the grand old party.
with the bjp unlikely to have the numbers in the rajya sabha, the congress remains the fulcrum of any opposition unity in parliament.
power puncheven though under him the party has seen a string of electoral reverses, he doesnt face any major challenge within the party.
what nexthis long-awaited elevation as congress president could happen this year.
by the wayrahul dabbles in a number of sports.
he is a licensed scuba diving instructor, a black belt in aikido and a squash player.
he is currently reading the english translation of the upanishads.
11.
rajnath singh, 65union home minister(rank 2016: 7)whyone of the heavyweights of the nda government, singh has also been the bjp national president.
he has enjoyed key posts in the government, in part because he has the complete backing of the rss.
in up, singh conducted 102 election rallies, the maximum by a central minister.
power punchsingh was the soft face of the government during the 2016 kashmir unrest and has been instrumental in pushing back left wing extremism to an all-time low.
what nextwith a change of guard in the united states, the next big challenge for the home minister is the upcoming indo-us homeland security dialogue.
back home, he will have to build a new narrative in kashmir, along with handling infiltration from across the border.
by the waysingh is not part of any family whatsapp group and does not keep a mobile with him.
12.
piyush goyal, 52mos, independent for power, coal, new & renewable energy and mines(rank 2016: 46)whyhis ministry has ensured that there is no scarcity of coal.
as a result, while transmission and distribution issues persist, power generation has been sorted out  the countrys power surplus.
in spite of his responsibilities as a senior minister, goyal was appointed to the two-member ministerial group that was to work out a strategy to promote cashless transactions during the demonetisation period.
power punchhas been tasked with executing pms targets, such as power for all and annual renewable energy generation of 175 gw by 2022.
his ministry has already electrified 70 per cent of the 18,452 villages that the pm wants power to reach by may 2018.
he is expected to meet this deadline comfortably.
what nexthas to successfully supervise non-coal auctions being conducted by the states, and sort out transmission and distribution issues with their help.
will also have to reach target of renewable power generation.
by the wayhe hasnt slept for more than five hours a day since he took charge.
is spiritual and meditates.
13.
nitish kumar, 66chief minister, bihar(rank 2016: 12)whyfor being the face of the opposition and the nucleus of the anti-bjp camp.
he is likely to play a key role in putting up a consensus candidate from the non-bjp camp for the post of president of india.
power punchhe was the only opposition leader to back demonetisation, though with a caveat: a good idea, but poorly implemented.
what nextin his third term as chief minister, nitish is definitely looking national with an eye on the 2019 parliamentary elections.
by the wayhas a fascination for the digit 7.
despite moving to the cms official 1, anne marg residence, he retained his previous address at 7, circular road, patna.
14.
mamata banerjee, 62chief minister, west bengal(rank 2016: 15)whyin her second term as chief minister, she remains the most resolute voice critical of pm modi and the bjp in a country where the opposition space is increasingly shrinking.
banerjee has been most vocal on the debate regarding federalism, repeatedly accusing the bjp-led centre of attempting to weaken the federal structure and centralise power.
power punchafter her landslide victory in 2011, which ended the 34-year-old left rule in bengal, banerjee pulled off an even bigger victory in the 2016 assembly polls.
what nexther party will have to contend with the narada investigations, in addition to the ongoing investigations into chit funds.
by the wayshe walks 5-6 km on her treadmill every morning.
she has repeatedly walked up to 10 kms at a stretch, leaving those behind her puffing away at a distance.
15.
dipak misra, 63supreme court judge(rank 2016: new entry)whyhe is set to take over as the chief justice of india in august this year and will have a tenure of over a year.
with tension between the centre and opposition-ruled states, as well as the ruling bjp and opposition parties, showing no signs of abating, the supreme court headed by him could be called upon more frequently to be the final arbiter in constitutional matters.
he will also head the collegium that will have the opportunity to appoint a large number of supreme court and high court judges.
power punchto instill committed patriotism and nationalism, he made it mandatory for all cinema halls in india to play the national anthem before a movie begins, with those present in the hall obliged to stand up to show respect.
what nextthe supreme court bench headed by him is seized of some very important cases, which include reforms in the bcci, plea seeking a refund for sahara investors, the delhi december 16 gangrape-cum-murder, entry of women into keralas sabarimala temple and the cauvery water-sharing dispute.
by the wayhe can quote extempore from shakespeares works.
16.
sushma swaraj, 65external affairs minister(rank 2016: 10)whydespite her ill-health, she has retained her position as one of the topmost cabinet ministers in the modi government.
though she has not travelled over the last year, barring a few occasions, her inputs are considered key to modis foreign policy.
power punchalthough recovering from a kidney transplant, she has been alert and active on twitter.
responds to requests from indians in distress overseas.
what nexther comeback to active official duty in the coming months.
by the wayshe is an ardent krishna devotee, whose images can be seen all over her house.
17.
shivraj singh chouhan, 58chief minister, madhya pradesh(rank 2016: 23)whyhas spent more time in the chief ministers office than any politician in the history of the state, which was once a congress stronghold.
the bjp has won two assembly elections projecting him as the cm.
has even busted the myth that the cm on whose watch the simhastha kumbh is held always loses the seat.
power punchhaving ridden the vyapam scam, there appears to be no challenger to the chief minister as of now.
what nextwith the assembly elections more than a year away in madhya pradesh, there are rumours about his elevation to delhi as a union minister.
by the waywhenever possible, chouhan loves to take a dip in the narmada.
18.
devendra gangadhar fadnavis, 46chief minister, maharashtra(rank 2016: 25)whyfrom policy decisions in maharashtra to drawing up the bjps political strategy, fadnavis remains the go-to man.
has mastered the art of dealing with ally shiv sena, which often plays the role of an aggressive opposition, as well as rival parties, the congress and the nationalist congress party.
power punchunder him, the bjp won 10 municipal corporation elections, 25 zila parishad and 284 panchayat seats.
what nextto tackle the shiv sena, which is more aggressive after the bjps success in the civic polls.
his aim to carry out socio-economic reforms in the state will also be tested.
by the wayhe likes gola bhat and phodnichi poli.
19.
nitin gadkari, 59union minister, road transport and highways(rank 2016: 20)whyhe continues to be one of the top performers in the council of ministers with the reputation of being a doer.
modi is said to openly praise him in ministerial and secretary-level meetings.
some in the party say modi uses gadkaris proximity to the rss leadership to bring nagpur on board on certain issues.
given the governments infrastructure push, he is in charge of a key ministry.
power punchwith the bjp eight short of the magic figure of 21 seats in the 40-member goa assembly, it was gadkari who worked the phones overtime and got mlas to side with the party, completely outsmarting the congress.
what nextafter the success in goa, his stock in the party has gone up.
by the wayenjoys spicy food and his favourite dish is pataudi, a popular preparation from nagpur.
20.
amarinder singh, 75chief minister, punjab(new entry)whya scion of the patiala royal family, amarinder led the congress to its only decisive victory in the assembly elections held this year.
is still one of the mass leaders in the congress even as his party loses ground across the country.
power punchgot his way in the party after threatening to leave and form his own outfit.
it led to the ousting of partap singh bajwa, a rahul appointee, from the pcc chief post.
what nextfrom tackling the drug menace to the farm crisis, the new chief minister has several challenges in his second stint at the helm in the border state.
by the way:apart from being an author of several books on military history, amarinder loves gardening.
21.
venkaiah naidu, 67union minister, i&b, urban development(rank 2016: 37)whyamong the most vocal in narendra modis cabinet, naidu handles the ministry of information and broadcasting and the ministry of urban development, which is overseeing the pms ambitious smart cities project.
naidu continues to have the faith of the party and the prime minister, whom he promotes at every opportunity, defining modi as making of developed india.
power punchafter the bjps resounding victory in uttar pradesh, naidu was chosen as the observer from delhi in the panel to elect the chief minister.
as rumours abound that yogi adityanath threatened to walk out with a large number of mlas if not elected the cm, naidu is one of the few who knows what really happened.
what nextwith defence minister manohar parrikar back in goa and the presidential election coming up, naidu may be in the fray for a promotion, one way or the other.
by the waythroughout his career, naidu has had narrow escapes in nine aircraft mishaps, involving helicopters and aircrafts.
22.
krishna gopal, 61joint secretary (sahsarkaryavah), rss(rank 2016: 69)whyas the rss in-charge of the bjp, he is the official liason between the two.
the up native also helped galvanise swayamsevaks for the recent assembly elections.
as mentor of samkalp, a delhi-based rss coaching institute for the civil services exam, he is the driving force behind the sanghs efforts to get those aligned to its ideology into the bureaucracy.
power punchis privy to most major political decisions at the centre.
what nexthas been looking to have more hold over the politics of up but faces a challenge from fellow sahsarkaryavah dattatreya hosabale, who is senior to him and whose base is in lucknow these days.
was also kept in the dark on the decision to appoint yogi adityanath as up cm.
by the wayprefers gur (jaggery) as dessert.
23.
vasundhara raje, 64chief minister, rajasthan(rank 2016: 22)whycontinues to remain the bjps most powerful and popular face in rajasthan.
with the lalit modi controversy and the mining scam case firmly behind her, raje has managed to hold her ground in the state despite frequent demands for quota by the gurjars and a fractious relationship with the rss and its affiliates.
power punchraje has managed to quell the rebellion within the party  five-time bjp mla ghanshyam tiwari had publicly urged the central leadership to remove her  and emerge on top.
what nextwith polls to the state assembly due next year, all eyes will be on whether she manages to repeat her 2013 feat in the face of anti-incumbency.
by the wayraje has been presenting the state budget on march 8 for a couple of years now.
besides being international womens day, it is also her birthday.
24.
nripendra misra, 72principal secretary to the prime minister(rank 2016: 39)whyeyebrows were raised in may 2014 when modi promulgated an ordinance to appoint the retired up cadre ias officer as his principal secretary.
however, misra has proved his worth and remains one of the two most powerful people in the current administration.
in all policy matters and cabinet decisions, misras inputs play a key role, be it the jan dhan scheme, subsidies or the ujjawala scheme.
power punchthe pms pet project on rural housing saw misra oversee the rural development ministry successfully complete the target of 33 lakh houses for this financial year.
what nextwith polls done, he will push for deliveries on key reforms, including disinvestment.
by the waymisra likes to take a walk at 5.
30 am and listen to his favourite singer, geeta dutt, before sleeping.
25.
subramanian swamy, 77bjp leader(rank 2016: 90)whythere is no telling who the pugnacious bjp leader will choose as the target of his swipes  the gandhi family, p chidambaram, raghuram rajan, or even party colleague arun jaitley.
after his nomination to the rajya sabha, swamy served a notice for a discussion in the house on the agustawestland helicopter deal.
power punchhis twitter tirade against jaitley left the party squirming, but he came out unscathed.
what nextwith bjp in power in up, he is actively pursuing the ram temple matter in the supreme court.
by the wayhis wife roxna has just written a biography of her husband, which every publisher approached has been too timid to publish.
as a result, she has decided to publish it herself.
26.
p k mishra, 67additional principal secretary to pm(rank 2016:32)whyif nripendra misra is modis policy person, pk mishra, nicknamed pk, is the man for governance.
unlike the flamboyant misra, pk is a behind-the-scenes operator.
considered more powerful than even union ministers, he was principal secretary to modi in gujarat till 2004.
known to come down hard on officers who do not meet the pms expectations.
power punchbe it the powerful cabinet committee on appointments or appointing heads to psus, mishra has the last word.
what nextmishras understanding of grassroots conditions and the agriculture sector are assets at a time when the modi government is reaching out to farmers and the poorer sections.
by the waymishra is often seen in half-sleeved shirts, even in high-profile meetings.
27.
ravi shankar prasad, 63union minister, law and justice(new entry)whybecause he made a comeback into the top echelons of the government in the july 2016 reshuffle, getting back the prestigious law and justice portfolio.
he is also the bjps go-to man for hard-selling the governments or the partys point of view.
power punchgetting the supreme court collegium to agree to yield to most of the contentious clauses in the draft memorandum of procedure (mop), over which the previous cji, ts thakur, and the government had disagreed.
what nextworking with the higher judiciary to fill the large number of vacancies in the high courts.
by the wayprasad likes to return home from wherever he is travelling in india, and clears pending files late in the night.
28.
prakash javadekar, 66human resource development minister(new entry)whyunder him, the hrd ministry has managed to keep away from controversies.
in the last six months, he has resolved all differences between his ministry and the prime ministers office and expedited decisions regarding the iim bill.
that apart, javadekar has worked on clearing the backlog of appointments and pushed ugc to approve regulations on setting up world-class institutions,which is the prime ministers pet education project.
power punchamong the bjps biggest gains in the recently concluded assembly elections was in manipur, where javadekar was the party in-charge.
what nextas hrd minister, javadekars next big assignment is to revamp the university grants commission.
by the wayloves listening to music.
often plays songs on his tablet while working.
29.
s jaishankar, 62foreign secretary(rank 2016: 33)whyhandled mea in the absence of the minister; is the brains trust for foreign affairs in pmo.
power punchreached out to key members of the trump administration.
what nextcracking the ice with pakistan and warming up to washington.
by the waymet ajit doval only once before he became foreign secretary.
30.
dharmendra pradhan, 47union minister for petroleum and natural gas(new entry)whyseen as an alternative to chief minister naveen patnaik.
his ministry handed out lpg connections in up.
he also shares credit for the bjps sweep in state assembly elections.
the prime minister has praised him for pushing his development agenda.
power punchdespite bjds grip over odisha, pradhan led state bjp to a victory in februarys zila parishad polls.
what nextseen as the best bet in odisha, pradhan aims to take on the bjd in next years polls.
by the waywhile travelling, pradhan packs his own luggage.
31.
general bipin rawat, 59army chief(new entry)whygeneral rawat speaks his mind  he justified the sahayak system, warned soldiers against taking to social media to air grievances, and re-invoked the cold start doctrine.
power punchhe doesnt hold back on any subject  he declared public supporters of kashmir militants be treated as enemies, for example.
what nexthe will have to resolve the turf war between the army and the government over the implementation of the pay commission recommendations.
by the waycarries a basic nokia model phone and answers calls himself.
32.
virat kohli, 28captain, indian cricket team(rank 2016: 42)whythe only batsman to average over 50 in all three forms of the game, the bradman-esque kohli is now also the captain in all three cricketing formats.
power punchbecame the first batsman after bradman to score double centuries in four successive series.
became the first indian sportsperson to sign a rs 100 crore endorsement deal with a single brand  puma.
what nextkohlis all-conquering indian team now heads to foreign shores with a quest to set their away record straight.
plus, the team will have to defend the champions trophy.
by the wayhas a pet beagle called bruno.
33.
arvind kejriwal, 48delhi chief minister(rank 2016: 8)whydrops 25 places after less-than-expected gains in punjab, a failure in goa.
but his brand of urban politics, stressing on schools and hospitals for the poor, is setting the trend for other states.
power punchdoesnt shy away from speaking his mind, even if it means taking on the pm.
was the first one, with mamata, to slam demonetisation.
what nextmunicipal elections in delhi and assembly elections in gujarat, where he wants aap to enter the house.
by the waysince his last nature treatment in bangalore, he has given up instant noodles for home-cooked food.
34.
raman singh, 64chief minister, chhattisgarh(rank 2016: 45)whyhes been cm for 14 years and counting.
power punchshunted out srp kalluri and met activist bela bhatia after she was threatened.
announced 45 lakh smartphones to the poor.
what next2018 assembly elections.
by the waybegins the day with a glass of mattha.
35.
ghulam nabi azad, 67leader of opposition in rajya sabha(rank 2016: 28)whythe gandhi familys go-to man, azad has a soft demeanour and political skills, which have come in handy to forge opposition unity in the rajya sabha.
power punchhe was the instinctive choice of the gandhis when poll strategist prashant kishor reportedly wanted madhusudan mistry removed as uttar pradesh polls in-charge.
what nexthas the tricky task of keeping the opposition united in the rajya sabha.
by the wayhe likes to play golf.
the lawn at his official residence turns into a mini golf course once in a while.
36.
mehbooba mufti, 57chief minister, jammu & kashmir(rank 2016: 14)whyas cm of jammu and kashmir and with her party, the pdp, in a coalition with the bjp, she has, as her predecessor omar abdullah said recently, the most difficult job in india to handle.
power punchover the last six months, she has tightened her grip on the party by elevating several members of the mufti clan to the top posts.
what nextshe has to walk a tightrope between her basic political instincts and the demands of her coalition partner.
summer in the restive valley is her challenge.
by the waya fitness enthusiast, she has a gym at her srinagar residence.
37.
himanta biswa sarma, 48cabinet minister, assam convenor neda(new entry)whyone of the key figures behind bjps stunning victory in the 2016 assam elections.
he was also appointed convenor of the north-east democratic alliance (neda).
power punchhis neda engineered the first bjp government in arunachal pradesh by getting the entire congress to defect to the party.
what nextbuilding on the bjps growing footprint in the northeast.
by the waysarma is also a writer.
his two books, samagata samay (2014) and anya ek dristikon (2016), have run into several editions.
38.
siddaramaiah, 68chief minister, karnataka(rank 2016: 54)whythe cm  having joined the party just over a decade ago  has been able to shrug off allegations of corruption and remains the unchallenged leader of the congress party in the state.
power punchfollowing the sc orders in 2016 to release cauvery waters to tamil nadu, he defused tensions by co-opting opposition parties in the crisis resolution process.
what nextassembly elections in 2018  the polls will be a test of his governance.
by the waysiddaramaiah did not go to school until he was 10 years old, but was the first person from his village to get a bachelors degree.
39.
arvind subramanian, 57chief economic adviser(rank 2016: 38)whyproposed the public sector asset rehabilitation agency to tackle banks non-performing assets.
was also behind the universal basic income proposal in the economic survey this year.
power punchwith standard & poors ruling out an upgrade in the countrys rating, citing indias low per capita gdp, he slammed rating agencies for their inconsistent and poor standards.
what nexthis idea of universal basic income was supported by arun jaitley, who hopes to introduce it next year.
by the wayhe is fond of american literature.
40.
ram madhav, 52general secretary, bjp(rank 2016: 70)whyafter turning the tide for the bjp in assam and j&k, madhav has now delivered manipur for the party, despite not getting a majority in the state.
he is considered to be among the few to have direct access to both the pm and rss chief mohan bhagwat.
power punchhis manipur strategy pushed the partys tally from a mere two to 21 seats in the state assembly.
what nextmadhavs next stop is meghalaya.
known as the general secretary with the midas touch, he is seen by many as a successor to amit shah, if the latter moves to gujarat.
by the wayan avid reader, he has over 4,000 books in his personal library.
41.
urjit patel, 53governor, reserve bank of india(new entry)whyas the rbi governor, he steers banking and monetary policies which influence the countrys economy.
the rbis decision to approve demonetisation, however, came under criticism, with patel, a low-profile and media-shy governor, also facing flak for not communicating its policies to the public.
power punchthe rbi board cleared the demonetisation proposal within two months of patels elevation as governor in september 2016.
what nextwill have to tackle inflation and boost growth at the same time, while bringing down bad loans.
details on demonetisation are yet to be announced.
by the waypatel was born in kenya, where his father owned a spare parts business.
42.
lalu prasad, 70rjd chief(rank 2016: 26)whylalu prasads rjd holds equal weight in the ruling alliance in bihar.
he continues to command support of his core muslim-yadav vote base.
power punchduring the uttar pradesh elections, lalu made it evident that he did not want nitish to be part of any alliance against mulayam singh yadav.
the jd(u) eventually didnt contest.
what nexthis obvious goal is to see his son, the deputy cm tejashwi prasad yadav, as bihar chief minister.
his perfect political proposition appears to be to have nitish at the centre and his son in bihar.
by the waylalu prasad tells his social media managers to keep his posts raw and rustic.
43.
mukul rohatgi, 61attorney general of india(new entry)whyafter presidents rule in uttarakhand and arunachal pradesh, the centres top law officer has bounced back.
he got the sc to offer a sympathetic ear to the centres arguments in cases such as demonetisation and aadhaar.
power punchhis reappointment when his term ends in june is considered a certainty.
what nextlikely to assist the apex court in two important cases: aadhaar and the assam citizenship law.
by the wayhe loves expensive cars and is known to own many.
44.
fali s nariman, 88constitutional jurist(rank 2016: 48)whycontinues to be one of the most respected voices in the supreme court.
often appointed as the amicus curiae in many cases.
power punchdespite the scs wish, he stayed away from the matter of bcci reforms.
what nextassisting the sc in deciding whether a state and persons holding public offices could make statements about a crime which may affect the morale of the victim and has a negative impact on society.
by the wayadmits that as far as zoroastrianism is concerned, his son, justice rohington nariman, is more knowledgable than him.
45.
pinarayi vijayan, 73chief minister, kerala(new entry)whyis the undisputed leader of the cpi (m) in the state, where its called the pinarayi vijayan government rather than an ldf one.
power punchdespite staunch opposition from right-wing organisations, vijayan went ahead and addressed a communal harmony rally in mangalore in february.
what nextvijayan will have to prove his mettle as an able administrator.
nine months into his tenure, the government has been hit by law and order issues.
by the wayfond of films, he is a big fan of action movies.
46.
ramdev, 51yoga guru(rank 2016: 27)whypatanjali is the most influential swadeshi brand today and as its he-ad, ramdev serves a popular mix of yoga, hindu nationalism and fmcg.
he frequently steps into politics and hobnobs with the most powerful men in the current establishment.
power punchhas expanded his business from rs 2,000 crore in 2014 to rs 5,000 crore now.
his naturopathy centre in haridwar, inaugurated by arun jaitley, is now a vvip facility, charging up to rs 50,000 per day.
what nextto get his business to touch the rs 1 lakh crore mark.
by the waypatanjali outlets are there even in areas such as dandakaranya.
47.
vinod rai, 68chairman, bcci committee of administrators(new entry)whyhe had an eventful stint under the upa as cag.
in the nda government, he has been brought in to fix psu banks, and is now working to implement structural reforms in the way cricket is run in the country.
power punchhe reported abnormal increase in expenditure at padmanabh-aswamy temple and missing gold valued at rs 186 crore that stunned the travancore royal family.
what nextthe reforms in cricket from the top body to different state cricket associations would be his immediate focus.
by the wayhe likes trekking in the hills.
48.
chandrababu naidu, 66chief minister, andhra pradesh(rank 2016: 44)whysince the 2014 bifurcation, naidu has led and built andhra pradesh from scratch.
his land pooling strategy for the new capital, amaravati, is now considered a model for land acquisition.
power punchdespite a resource crunch and the centre refusing to award the state special category status, naidu went ahead with amaravatis construction.
what nextestablishing visakhapatnam as an it hub to rival hyderabad.
by the wayhe loves yellow shirts  the party colour  and always carries at least three crisp ironed shirts with him wherever he goes.
49.
ratan tata, 79chairman emeritus, tata sons(rank 2016: 35)whymanaged to oust cyrus mistry as tata sons chairman, after expressing unhappiness over his management style and functioning.
power punchmistry, whose family is the largest single party shareholder in tata sons, was later removed from boards of various group companies and tata trust.
what nexttata will now have to ensure that there is stability at the top or investor confidence in group companies may decline.
by the wayother than automobiles and aviation, tata also has aninterest in scuba diving and architectural design.
50.
mayawati, 61president, bahujan samaj party(rank 2016: 30)whydespite her partys poor performance in the up assembly elections, mayawati remains a prominent voice among bjps opponents.
power punchher allegations saying tampering of evms was the reason for bjps victory have now been backed by other parties.
mayawati has also said she would move courts for an inquiry.
what nextwith the bsps tally in the assembly now reduced to just 19 seats, she must keep her party united in the face of criticism.
she is also likely to lose her berth in the rajya sabha next year and would need the support of either the sp or the bjp to get re-elected.
by the waydrafts her own speeches and press statements.
b'ravi shankar prasad prasad at parliament ravishankarprasad prasad prasad at parliamentamid reports that a facebook associate was involved in a massive breach of user information to allegedly influence polls in the us and the uk, union minister for it and law, ravishankarprasad prasad, delivered a sharp warning to the social media giant, saying the government would take stringent action, including summoning its ceo mark zuckerberg to india, in case of any data theft of indians.
speaking to reporters outside parliament wednesday, prasad also triggered a political war of words when he accused the main opposition congress party of having links with cambridge analytica, the facebook associate under the scanner.
the congress denied the allegation and claimed that the bjp and its current ruling ally in bihar, jd(u), had engaged the data firm in elections, including in 2014.
with a us privacy watchdog and british authorities launching probes over the breach by facebook during elections, prasad said the government was in touch with the us federal trade commission and department of justice to assess privacy violations of indian users.
prasad said any attempt made by facebook or its associates to covertly or overtly influence free and fair elections through means that are undesirable will neither be appreciated nor permitted, and would attract charges under the it act.
pointing out that 20 crore indians were using facebook, making it the companys largest market outside of the us, prasad said, mr mark zuckerberg, you better note the observation of the it minister of india.
we welcome facebook in india, but if any data theft of indians is done through the collusion of facebooks system, it shall not be tolerated.
we have got stringent powers in the it act, we shall use it, including summoning you to india.
prasad warned that if need be, stringent action will be taken.
also read | bjp, congress trade charges as cambridge analytica-facebook row intensifieslet me make it very, very clear, we fully support freedom of press, speech and expression, we fully support free exchange of ideas on social media.
but any attempt, overt or covert, by social media, including facebook, of trying to influence indias electoral process through undesirable means will neither be appreciated nor be tolerated, he said.
on the possibility of ordering a probe on facebooks data use, prasad said any specific complaint would be taken up by the telecom regulatory authority of india (trai).
in 2016, the trai had cracked down on what it said was discriminatory pricing for internet access that led to a ban on platforms like facebooks free basics.
we have got a very robust mechanism available, we will look into it.
but today let my warning be heard across the atlantic far away in california, said prasad.
the union minister then targeted the congress, asking whether it would depend on data manipulation and its theft to win elections.
citing reports on uks channel 4 news that cambridge analytica had secretly influenced election campaigns across the world, prasad alleged that the firm had plans to influence polls in india, too.
referring to other news reports, he alleged that the controversial firm was in talks with the congress party for the 2019 lok sabha elections.
why is the congress in love with such firms?
my question to the party is whether to win elections, congress will depend on data manipulation and theft of data?
what is the role of cambridge analytica in the social media profile of rahul gandhi?
he asked.
referring to a series of unsavoury claims made by cambridge analytica ceo alexander nix to an undercover reporter for channel 4 news, prasad said, would the congress now depend on data manipulation and theft to woo the voters?
will they adopt sex, sleaze and fake news to win elections?
denying the charges, the congress party claimed that the bjp and jd(u) had used data firms affiliated to cambridge analytica during the 2014 general elections.
referring to claims made on the website of ovleno business intelligence, an indian affiliate of cambridge analyticas parent company strategic communications laboratories, the congress charged that the firm had furnished a constituency-wise database to the bjp for assembly and lok sabha elections.
cambridge analyticas linked website shows that in 2010 its services were used by bjp-jd(u).
the firms indian partner ovlene business intelligence is being run by bjp allys mps son.
obi companys services were used by (home minister) rajnath singh in 2009, claimed congress spokesperson randeep surjewala.
bjp spokesperson sambit patra denied the charges.
the bjp has nothing to hide we have seen that the company has pulled down its website after an allegation that it was carrying the name of bjp.
as far as cambridge analytica is concerned, it was formed in 2013, so it could not campaign for any elections in 2013-14.
congress has outsourced its campaign for 2019 in a big way.
the government is going to investigate, he said.
in the us, meanwhile, facebook inc and cambridge analytica have been sued for obtaining information belonging to 50 million users without permission.
ap reported that the proposed class-action complaint filed late tuesday night by a maryland resident is the first of what could be many lawsuits seeking damages over facebooks ability to protect user data, and cambridge analyticas exploitation of that data to benefit president donald trumps 2016 campaign.
in london, information commissioner elizabeth denham said she is pursuing a warrant to search cambridge analyticas servers to verify allegations that data of facebook users in the uk were used to influence polls, including brexit.
ceo nix has already been suspended by the data firms board.
union minister ravishankarprasad prasad union minister ravishankarprasad prasadbreakfast with prasadmicrosoft chief satya nadella had a tough time in getting an opportunity to meet union telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
he wanted to meet prasad around noon and suggested three time slots, but the minister already had time fixed for a press conference at the national media centre.
finally, nadella had to make it at 7.
45 am on thursday.
the it minister, however, tried to compensate nadella for this early morning call by offering him cutlets, gujarati dish khandvi and chura ka poha, a delicacy from his home state bihar.
flying in reporterswhile every ministry has launched a publicity blitzkrieg of its schemes to coincide with the second anniversary celebrations of the nda government, woman and child development minister maneka gandhi has gone a step further.
she has come up with the idea of flying in women journalists from several states to delhi.
the ministry hopes to use the first-of-its-kind conference, scheduled for june 7 at vigyan bhawan, as a platform to widely publicise its many schemes across the regional media.
all expenses for the flight tickets and the accommodation of the outstation scribes will be borne by the wcd ministry.
so far 200 invitees are confirmed, and the counting is on.
finally, friendly pmofor two months, the congress and the bjp fought bitterly over the centres decision to impose presidents rule in uttarakhand.
the war of words now over, chief minister harish rawat on monday met prime minister narendra modi, and post-meeting said modi has a friendly attitude towards all chief ministers, including him.
the prime ministers office, however, departed from the usual practice and did not tweet about modis meeting with rawat.
the chief minister had more pressing issues to resolve on his visit to the capital.
there is trouble at home with ally pdf fielding its candidate for the lone rajya sabha seat from the state.
the congress has already announced pradeep tamta as its nominee.
his cabinet colleague yashpal arya, too, had revolted for a ticket.
rawat also met congress leader ahmed patel and apparently assured the leadership that he would defuse the crisis.
union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad in allahabad on sunday.
(pti photo) union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad in allahabad on sunday.
(pti photo)triple talaq is a pernicious social practice that has been banned or restricted in many islamic countries, union minister ravishankarprasad prasad sundayday said and demanded that the congress, sp and bsp clarify their stand on the issue.
there has been a lot of controversy over the stand of the bjp and the narendra modi government on the triple talaq issue.
let me point out that the debate was not initiated by us.
a large number of women belonging to the minority community had moved the supreme court in protest against the practice.
we have supported their cause, he said.
the union minister for law and justice said that in the affidavit filed on behalf of the union government, it was underscored that triple talaq was an issue relating to womens right to gender justice, dignity and equality.
we had also submitted that the right to freedom of religion granted by the constitution does not mean allowing a pernicious social practice, he said.
the practice of untouchability is ultra vires the constitution.
a hindu holding a religious function can not insist on following the inhuman practice in the name of old-age traditions.
muslim women feel that they are victims of this retrograde practice and they have the right to remedy, he added.
the union minister found it strange that there has been a brouhaha in the country over muslim womens legitimate demand to put an end to such an evil social practice.
do our detractors realise that triple talaq has been banned or restricted in at least 20 islamic countries, including the extremely conservative ones like pakistan and afghanistan, he asked.
at a time when assembly elections are underway in up, which has a large muslim population, we would demand that leaders like rahul gandhi, akhilesh yadav and mayawati come clean on the issue.
they must tell the people what stand do the congress, sp and bsp have over this matter, the senior bjp leader said.
b'prime minister narendra modi during the 2nd international day of yoga at the capitol complex in chandigarh on tuesday.
(pti photo) prime minister narendra modi during the 2nd international day of yoga at the capitol complex in chandigarh on tuesday.
(pti photo)so were still in a yogic pose and its difficult to get our head straight after standing on it in salabhasana and sirsasana since sunday when the india news tv reporter told us that yoga was the perfect practice  for body and soul.
he could be right; our brains and guts are always in a yogic twist, arent they?
so, yoga it is, especially at yog gram, ramdevjis ashram where ardh satyas reporter learnt the cardinal principles of a healthy life.
he may have been puzzled by their similarity to journalistic practices: what to eat, when to eat, why to eat fruits and how (much) to eat.
to confirm his findings, he asked a lady visitor, are you a little better?
ji, she replied (what else could she say, no, im worse?
).
a gentleman then revealed that his three-year old knee problem had improved by 90 per cent in just one week at yog gram.
thats not yoga, man, thats magic.
he ought to have joined ramdevji at sundays india gate practice for international yoga day, instead of union minister venkaiah naidu, who, standing beside the yoga maestro found that wearing a dhoti was the wrong choice for the occasion.
he got quite entangled in its folds and may have blushed had he known the nation was watching him on a live broadcast (aaj tak, india tv and apn).
hes not the only one whose blushes were not spared.
on yoga day which received all day coverage on tuesday, enough to rival republic day, the prime minister struck some perfect poses for tv cameras but his ministers were often found making the wrong moves.
and dd news lined them all up for us to see: union home minister rajnath singh performed yoga in lucknow (in the rain).
union minister mukhtar abbas naqvi performed yoga in meerut.
union minister ravishankarprasad prasad performed yoga in patna etc.
others included smriti irani, amit shah, cm raman singh and cm chouhan who rolled out the mat in beijing.
meanwhile, india today had the happy idea of rating the ministers yogic poses and many were on the mat  barring uma bharati who did breathing exercises on her chair for health reasons.
suffice it to say, few ministers did themselves or yoga proud.
most were stiff and clearly in need of a few lessons from their pm before theyre caught on candid camera next year.
watching tv, it seemed as if everyone and the world did yoga (except opposition party leaders).
indeed, more than 135 countries celebrated yoga day  even the indian navy on ins viraat (dd news), the stewardess on at least one flight (zee news) and actors bipasha basu and rakhi sawant (india news).
ok news told us there was yoga so hot, the sweat dripped like a leaky faucet as well as boxing yoga and cycling yoga.
take your pick.
is there a maun yoga exercise?
if not, let salman khan practice and patent it immediately.
the pm would have been displeased with the sultan of swing whose thoughtless and offensive remark on rape, spun the news channels out of control.
the rape shocker (india today) displaced yoga as the main news of the day, tuesday, as anchors and reporters alike fumed with righteous anger at the actors feeling like a raped woman and not apologising for it.
salman received more coverage than he deserved.
as shailendra singh said on times now, why give him so much importance?
lastly, you may or may not have noticed there are many more hindi news channels and foreign news channels available now on dth services.
so when youre not practising yoga, you can watch channels from japan, singapore, australia, russia, germany and france as well as samachar, samachar plus, india 247, apn, news world india, india news up/uttarakhand, prime news, ok news and many more.
like yoga, news tv is international.
with the modi government riding a landslide to return to lok sabha, rajya sabha was where the opposition hoped to counter it with its greater numbers.
but that opposition unity lay in tatters tuesday  the second time in a week following the passage of the rti amendment bill  when the bjp-led government, with some astute political manoeuvering that started a week ago, ensured the passage of the instant triple talaq bill in the upper house.
advertisingas many as 23 opposition members  4 congress, 6 sp, 4 bsp, 2 ncp, 2 tdp, 2 pdp, 1 dmk, 1 cpm and 1 tmc  were not present in the house.
this apart, the jd (u), aiadmk and trs with a total of 23 members were also missing at the time of voting.
the opposition motion to refer the muslim women (protection of rights on marriage) bill, 2019 to a select committee was negated 84-100, and the bill was passed 99-84.
in the house of 245 where five vacant seats have reduced the strength to 240, 184 members voted.
thats 56 abstentions.
while the governments floor managers had been in touch with the aiadmk, trs and jd(u), what swung the day for them was the absence of 23 opposition members.
read | the women behind instant triple talaq petitions: no other womans life will be ruined nowadvertisingcongress members who were absent during the voting were partap singh bajwa, ranjib biswal, mukut mithi and vivek tankha besides sanjay sinh who resigned during the day.
his resignation was immediately accepted.
ncp chief sharad pawar and former union minister praful patel too were not present.
dmk member r s bharathi and cpms jharna das baidya were absent and so were all four bsp mps  satish chandra mishra, rajaram, veer singh and ashok siddharth.
sp sources said three of their members  tazeen fatma, sanjay seth and beni prasad verma  have health issues.
the other sp mps who were not present were sukhram yadav, chandrapal yadav and surendra singh nagar.
fatma is the wife of sp lok sabha mp azam khan.
the two pdp members, mir mohammad fayaz and nazir ahmad laway, were also present in the evening though both had spoken against the bill.
read | aiadmk on triple talaq bill: unconstitutional, illegal cant stand judicial scrutinyfollowing the passage of the bill, trinamools derek obrien voiced the opposition angst when he said: this is not floor management.
its the not-so-invisible but most dependable allies of the bjp: cbi and ed.
both tdp mps, ravindra kumar kanakamedala and thota seetharama lakshmi, were absent when the bill was put to vote.
hours earlier, kanakamedala had participated in the debate.
trinamool mp k d singh too was absent but party leaders said the fact that ritabrata banerjee voted against the bill made up for the absence.
bjp sources said the victory was a result of a strategy which was meticulously planned and carefully laid down over a week.
party president amit shah had given the responsibility of organising the numbers to bhupender yadav, piyush goyal, dharmendra pradhan and pralhad joshi.
on the day of the voting, the coordination task was carried out by v muraleedharan.
read | ravishankarprasad prasad on triple talaq bill: should i leave them (muslim women) crying on footpathafter ensuring the maximum presence of 78 party members, bjp leaders, sources said, did a man-to-man marking of the mps in the house.
we counted everyone, assessed possible abstentions and approached them.
the biggest advantage for us was the overconfidence among opposition leaders who did not bother to ensure that every member is present, a party leader said.
we had been working on the plan but kept it under wraps till we were sure about the numbers.
the party leadership had decided that the bill should get cleared by parliament this session, a minister said.
advertisingon tuesday morning, at the bjp parliamentary party meeting, shah had hinted at it.
emphasising the need for mps to be present in the house during discussions and voting on bills, especially in the wake of the opposition pressing for division of votes, shah told his party members that he wanted them to ensure every bill is passed with clear majority.
triple talaq bill in lok sabha live: the triple talaq bill was tabled in the lok sabha by union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad thursday.
a heated debate is underway between the centre and the opposition over the contentious bill.
while the government defended the bill, members of opposition termed the bill as politically motivated and against the supreme court rules.
this is the first time that the bill will be tabled in the 17th lok sabha by the bjp government after coming back to power.
the muslim women (protection of rights on marriage) bill 2019, which aims to criminalise instant triple talaq, was introduced by union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad, last month.
prasad had introduced a fresh bill in this regard to ban instant triple talaq in the lok sabha, saying it would help protect the rights of muslim women.
the bill seeks to replace the ordinance passed by the previous government in february after a similar bill could not be passed in the rajya sabha.
in rajya sabha, a discussion is underway over the rti amendment bill.
the opposition parties had met wednesday and identified as many as seven bills which they want sent to select committees for scrutiny.
bharatiya janata party chief amit shah (pti photo) bharatiya janata party chief amit shah (pti photo)amid raging row over the electronic voting machines tampering, bharatiya janata party chief amit shah on saturday hit out at the opposition, saying that blaming evms for poll defeat amounts to disrespect of the election commission.
to blame the electronic voting machines for defeat during the elections is like disrespecting the election commission, shah said.
addressing party members at the bjps two-day national executive, shah also warned party leaders against complacency.
the bjp is yet to reach its peak.
its golden era will arrive when it rules from panchayat to assemblies across the country and parliament, he said.
union minister ravishankarprasad prasad, meanwhile, told reporters that during the partys national executive in bhubaneshwar, shah said that prime minister narendra modi is the most populist leader today due to his extraordinary connect with the people.
following the bjps thumping victories in the recently-concluded assembly elections, many opposition parties have accused the narendra modi-led government of tampering with the evms to swing the votes in its favour.
earlier in the day, prime minister modi led a roadshow and mingled with crowds at several places breaking security protocol as he arrived in the coastal state to attend the two-day bjp national executive meeting.
considering the 2019 general elections and assembly polls in the state, the saffron party aims to make inroads into odisha, a stronghold of the naveen patnaik-led biju janata dal.
recently, the bjp produced an impressive performance in the states rural polls, which was held in february.
parliament members in both the houses on monday discussed the motion of thanks to presidents address.
while bjp working president j p nadda sought the support of the opposition for the smooth functioning of parliament, the opposition leaders targetted the government over issues such as mob lynchings, bihar aes deaths, water shortage and farm distress.
advertisinghere are the highlights of the parliamentary proceedings of the day.
tmc protesttmc mps held a sit-in protest in front of mahatma gandhis statue outside parliament, demanding that elections be held using ballot papers instead of electronic voting machines (evms).
the party, which has been crying foul over the use of evms in the recently-concluded lok sabha polls, monday said their agenda for the protest was  no to evms, yes to paper ballots.
tmc chief and west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee had earlier raised questions over the evms used in the polls and urged opposition parties to unitedly demand the return of ballot papers.
the trinamool congress (tmc) supremo said a fact-finding committee should be constituted to find out the details about the evms used in the recent polls.
advertisingwater crisisrajya sabha mps monday raised the issue of the rising drinking water crisis in different parts of the country, and demanded immediate measures such as inter-linking of rivers and rain water harvesting to recharge ground water table.
raising the issue during zero hour, satyanarayan jatiya (bjp) said parts of madhya pradesh, rajasthan, maharashtra and karnataka have traditionally faced water crisis, but now the the problem has extended to more areas.
there has to be a permanent solution to drinking water crisis, he said, suggesting five big river inter-linking projects need to be taken up on priority so as to make available excess water of one area to deficit regions.
special economic zones (amendment) bill, 2019commerce minister piyush goyal introduced the special economic zones (amendment) bill, 2019.
he lay on table an explanatory statement showing reasons for immediate legislation by promulgation of the special economic zones (amendment) ordinance, 2019.
amit shahs bill on j&khome minister amit shah tabled his first bill in lok sabha after his election to the lower house.
the bill seeks to benefit the people living along the international border (ib) in jammu and kashmir of reservation in direct recruitment, promotion and admission in professional courses on par with those living along the actual line of control (aloc).
the bill once passed by parliament will amend the jammu and kashmir reservation act, 2004 to bring persons residing in areas adjoining the ib within the ambit of reservation, on par with those living in areas adjoining the aloc.
aadhaar and other laws (amendment) billunion law minister ravishankarprasad prasad tabled the aadhaar and other laws (amendment) bill, 2019.
it will replace an ordinance issued in march and proposes stiff penalties for violation of norms.
the bill also proposes giving a child an option to exit from the biometric id programme on attaining 18 years of age.
first time mp pratap sarangi moves motion of thanks on the presidents addressmos in ministry of micro small and medium enterprises pratap sarangi moved the motion of thanks on the presidents address.
citing the failure of the opposition in the recently concluded lok sabha election, sarangi said: i remember former pm vajpayee had praised former pm indira gandhi whenever she had done good work.
this too is an integral duty of the opposition.
but our current opposition never does that  why, i wonder.
keep your new india to yourself, return old india to us: ghulam nabi azadattacking the government over incidents of lynching in the country, leader of opposition in rajya sabha ghulam nabi azad said keep your new india to yourself but return.
he said: in old india, there was no enmity, no anger, hate, lynchings.
in this new india, man has become mans enemy.
give us that india where hindu muslim sikh christian live peacefully and are ready to give their life for each other.
on jharkhand lynching case, azad said, jharkhand has become a factory of lynching and violence.
dalits and muslims are killed there every week.
pm, we are with you in the fight of sabka saath sabka vikas but it should be there for people to see it.
we cant see it anywhere.
adhir ranjan choudhary calls pm modi very big salesmancongress leader of opposition in lok sabha adhir ranjan chowdhury said the bjp returned to power as prime minister narendra modi was a very big salesman and congress failed to gain ground in the 2019 general election as it could not market its products.
this government has developed a new syndrome called political plagiarism congress party has been contributing to growth (since independence), but one morning you suddenly say congress has done nothing and you are doing all development work.
it is nothing but travesty of truthyou are a government which can be called compliment addicted government driven by manipulation, said chowdhuryazam khan, owaisi hit out at attack on minoritiessamajwadi party leader azam khan and aimim leader asaduddin owaisi hit out at the government in lok sabha on the issue of attacks on members of the minority community.
participating in the debate on the motion of thanks to the presidents address, khan said muslims had a choice to go to pakistan during partition but they chose to stay in india.
our forefathers decided to stay here.
they said this is our country.
graves of our forefathers are here  you (bjp) never had this choice (of going to pakistan), he said.
on the triple talaq bill, azam khan said he will only believe in what is written in the quran.
owaisi also raised questions over the triple talaq bill and gdp figures.
advertisingrajya sabha adjourned for tomorrowrajya sabha will remain adjourned on tuesday after obituary reference to sitting member madan lal saini.
b'the second part of the budget session of parliament began on a stormy note today as members from various parties forced adjournment of lok sabha on various issues,including heckling of mamata banerjee,incidents of rapes and demand for separate telangana.
after speaker meira kumar made obituary references,trinamool congress and left members trooped into the well of the lok sabha raising slogans on heckling f the west bengal chief minister by sfi activists in delhi and alleged incidents of human rights violations in the state,respectively.
a number of bjp members were seen in the well raising slogans against the incidents of rapes across the country and demanding action on the perpetrators.
some members of the congress were seen in the aisles waving placards for a separate state of telangana.
a tdp member was seen raising the same demand in the well.
delhi is not safe read a placard held by a trinamool member which had a picture of banerjee.
amid slogans of jai telangana,take action against rapists,the speaker adjourned the house till noon.
in rajya sabha,chairman hamid ansari said he has got 8 notices for suspension of question hour to take up discussion on various matters.
the notices were given by v maitreyan (aiadmk),derek obrien (tmc),prasanta chatterjee (cpi-m),prakash javadekar (bjp),d raja (cpi),tiruchi siva (dmk),brajesh pathak (bsp) and maya singh (bjp).
ansari said he has admitted maitreyans notice for discussion on role of cbi in coalgate scam as it was received first.
as he asked maitreyan to move his motion,ravi shankar prasad (bjp) said he has also given a notice for suspension of uestion hour to raise the issue of leakage of draft jpc report on 2g scam.
you have not asked for suspension of question hour, he told prasad but the bjp leader continued to raise the issue.
left and bsp members too were on their feet raising separate issues with some of them displaying banners.
on demands for discussing the rape of a 5-year old girl in delhi,he said it has been agreed that a short duration discussion on violence against women in various parts of the country has been agreed to be taken up at 2 pm today.
but,with members relenting,he adjourned the house for 15 minutes.
b'swami aseemanands confession,detailing the activities of hindu terror groups,has produced a deep moral vertigo.
there is,to be sure,much more that needs to be investigated and explained.
this evidence needs to be squared with other sources,particularly on the samjhauta express blast.
the timing of the leak of the confession will certainly raise political eyebrows.
the confession,without corroborating evidence,may not prove to be decisive.
but,as strategic expert b. raman has rightly said,the circumstances make it difficult to dismiss this confession out of hand.
this much is crystal clear.
first,that terror groups inspired by hindutva exist.
it is not much of a comfort to say that these are fringe elements.
the significance of these elements is often revealed only in long hindsight; they can trigger fears and anxieties far in excess of their numbers.
who knows what sort of subterranean counter-politics these revelations will generate?
even if they are only a few drops,they are a poison that can vitiate the whole.
pious homilies about their marginality cannot disguise this possibility.
second,these are groups that,even within their own paradigm,have created a new moral abyss.
they have cloaked themselves in the garb of victims seeking retaliation.
they are not only tempted by violence,they have no compunctions about striking the holiest places of worship like the dargah at ajmer,the deepest manifestations of our civilisations connection to the sacred.
what kind of sickness has allowed the appellations swami and sadhvi to be colonised by a tissue of violent resentments?
third,our response to this challenge has been,at best,an embarrassed denial.
in the process we have put on display our double standards.
we could not even get ourselves to admit that anyone claiming the appellation hindu could be terrorists.
this is more a symptom of our prejudice than a fact.
this also seemed to blindside investigative agencies enough that they kept on pursuing the wrong leads and targeting the wrong groups.
but there is also a national security challenge posed by this episode.
the bjp,perhaps instinctively,but true to form,is not handling these revelations well.
the leaks may well be politically motivated.
but in the larger scheme of things the motivation behind the leaks is a small sideshow.
whichever way you look at it,indias credibility is seriously dented.
we all understand that the cbi can be used politically,and no one puts it past this government to use law enforcement agencies selectively.
yet,if the bjp attacks the credibility of the state lock stock and barrel,think of the consequences.
the one thing about credibility is that you either have it or you dont: you cannot cherry-pick.
if we legitimise the argument that there is nothing to law enforcement agencies but politics,where does it leave any action of the state?
after all,it is the very same state that prosecutes afzal guru and ajmal kasab.
god knows,there are serious miscarriages of justice and abuses of power in our system.
but to simply dismiss the state on partisan grounds would be to say exactly the same thing states like pakistan say about india: that this state cannot be trusted with any investigation and any evidence.
instead of attacking the state,the bjp needs to help examine the case on the merits.
the only way to deal with possible miscarriages is to examine the veracity of a charge,not change the subject by impugning the source.
besides,the bjp needs to learn a political lesson.
nothing diminished l.k. advani before the last election more than his artless,passionate and entirely a priori defence of sadhvi pragya.
their attack on hemant karkare haunts them to this day; it suggested a level of pre-commitment,small-mindedness and a lack of institutional judgment not befitting a leader.
nitin gadkaris equivocations and ravishankarprasad prasads defensiveness are in the same vein.
the bjp has to recognise that a strong and credible state is incompatible with any form of community partisanship.
it could have turned this crisis on the head by at least being consistent on the issue of possible miscarriages of justice.
it could have shown equal concern for muslim youths falsely arrested.
the rss will,on the surface,make all the right noises distancing itself from terrorism.
but the revelations are so damaging that if it has any semblance of genuine nationalism left,it will have to do more than verbal distancing.
it will have to actively cooperate to root out this menace,and find a way of atoning as an organisation that is unprecedented.
this is highly unlikely.
but it is the only way of answering the question as to why the organisation should be tolerated at all.
let us,for a moment,even suppose that the congress is playing cheap politics with the timing of these revelations.
but even cheaper politics,in return,will do more damage.
in some ways,for us as citizens,the charge that the investigation is politicised is also a psychologically easy let-off.
it prevents us from fully confronting the significance of all that is being revealed.
a few self-selected crazies on the net notwithstanding,there is little reason to believe that the activities of the terror groups being identified has wide political support.
if anything,there is likely to be revulsion.
but there is a danger that this revulsion will be overshadowed by embarrassment,producing a silence that smacks of complicity.
this silence can only add to the political damage we have already inflicted on ourselves.
we also need to understand that india has been diminished by these revelations.
we can go on all we want about the difference between india and pakistan.
we can say that the pakistani state has supported terrorism,but the indian state has not.
but to most of the world this will appear to be more a matter of degree than of kind.
it will once again relate the issue of terrorism,not to a particular state,pursuing its objectives through violence,but to the general history of hindu-muslim violence and counter-violence.
the only way this damage can be repaired is if the indian state credibly and relentlessly pursues its investigations,without us impugning its credibility from the start.
perhaps this serious crisis can be turned on its head.
by admitting our mistakes,blind spots and omissions,we can at least send a signal that we have the resilience and courage to correct our mistakes.
otherwise,we will be exactly in the same boat that we place pakistan: a society that practises the politics of denial.
b'it minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
(file photo) it minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
(file photo)in its first public remarks on the issue, the central government said thursday that it is examining the desirability of filing a judicial review against the supreme court order last week that laid down stringent safeguards before registering a case under the scheduled castes and the scheduled tribes (prevention of atrocities) act, 1989.
union minister of law and justice ravishankarprasad prasad said the department of legal affairs has been instructed to consider the desirability of filing a review and that appropriate action will be taken once the ministry tenders its opinion.
there is widespread concern regarding this issue.
we understand the sensitivity of the matter.
the government has taken note of the judgment of the supreme court laying down new norms as far as the sc and st acts operation is concerned.
i have instructed the ministry of law to consider the desirability of filing a review.
appropriate follow-up actions are to be taken by the ministry, prasad said.
the move comes a day after a delegation of dalit mps met prime minister narendra modi over the issue.
read | in uttar pradesh, a bjp dalit mp speaks up: we need to save constitution, bahujanson wednesday, the indian express reported that despite representations and appeals from dalit mps for the governments intervention on the scs order on atrocities act, the centre was yet to commit itself to file a review petition.
on march 20, the bench of justices a k goel and u u lalit expressed concern that working of the sc/st atrocities act should not result in perpetuating casteism and went on to lay down certain procedures to keep a check on false implications of innocent citizens on caste lines.
read | bjps dalit mps want government to file review petition against sc orderthese include allowing anticipatory bail for the accused, requiring a dysp to conduct a preliminary enquiry to rule out frivolous and motivated complaints, and mandating prior sanction of an appointing officer or ssp before arresting a public servant or other citizens.
prime minister narendra modi (r) with union ministers prime minister narendra modi (r) with union ministers arun jaitley (c) and ravishankarprasad prasad at parliament house in new delhi (express photo/praveen jain/file)the order drew criticism from various quarters  particularly the norm that mandates a preliminary probe by an officer not below dysp rank before arresting a public servant under the sc/st act.
express explained | rising pendency, falling convictions: what data on sc/st act trials showon march 21, bjp dalit mps met union minister for social justice and empowerment thaawar chand gehlot and asked him to take up the matter with the prime minister.
gehlot is believed to have written to the law ministry favouring a judicial review.
nda ally lok janshakti party, through its leader chirag paswan, has also moved the supreme court and filed a review petition against the order, stating that the act had become toothless after the introduction of the new rules.
the election commission today censured union minister for law and minority affairs salman khurshid for his remarks on sub-quota for minorities finding them to be a violation of the model code of conduct for elections.
khurshid,while campaigning for his wife louise,a congress candidate from farrukhabad assembly constituency in uttar pradesh,had promised the electorate last month that the party would increase the sub-quota for minorities to nine per cent,out of the 27 per cent other backward classes (obc) reservation.
the ec order came on bjps complaint about khurshids remarks,asking the commission to take action against him for violation of the model code of conduct.
the election commission  comprising chief election commissioner s y quraishi and election commissioners v s sampath and h s brahma  in its 15-page order,held that khurshid had violated the model code of conduct and hoped he would not repeat such violations.
the commission hereby censures shri salman khurshid and hopes and expects that such violations of the model code of conduct would not be repeated by him in future, said the ec order.
it said,salman khurshid has violated the model code of conduct by making the above said promise.
the commission,therefore,cannot help expressing its deep anguish and disappointment over his violation of model code of conduct.
as a union minister for law and minority affairs,he has an added responsibility of ensuring that the model code of conduct is observed in letter and spirit so that elections are conducted in a free and fair manner,and all political parties enjoy a level-playing field in the matter of their election campaigns,the ec said.
the commission held that khurshid was addressing the common people at public meetings as union minister and not as a congress leader.
setting aside the congress plea in this regard,the ec said,the above contention is also not tenable for the reason that in the perception of common man,which is of paramount consideration,the respondent addressed them at public meetings as union minister for law and minority affairs and not as mere leader of the congress party.
the commission said it has come to the inescapable conclusion that the respondent,shri salman khurshid,made a new promise to a distinct targeted group of the electorate among the minorities that 9 per cent seats would be reserved for them from out of the overall quota of 27 per cent for the other backward classes.
the commission is also satisfied that the above promise was made by shri salman khurshid as union minister for law and minority affairs.
thus,shri salman khurshid has violated the model code of conduct by making the above said promise.
the commission,therefore,cannot help expressing its deep anguish and disappointment over his violation of model code of conduct.
in their complaint against khurshid,bjp had said,this direct appeal on religious,caste and communal basis was a direct and blatant violation of the model code of conduct.
bjp also said khurshid had violated the election code with his promise as up has a sizeable population of minorities,especially muslims,who were being wooed bycongress ahead of the upcoming assembly polls in the state.
a bjp delegation led by party vice president mukhtar abbas naqvi had also met the cec alleging khurshid was seeking votes in the name of religion,which was a serious violation  of election laws.
the commission had earlier served a notice to khurshid on january 10,asking him to reply by january 12,why action should not be taken against him for violation of model code of conduct.
after receiving khurshids reply,in which he claimed having not violated any poll code violation,the commission also heard his counsel abhishek singhvi twice,as also bjp counsel ravishankarprasad prasad,before deciding on the complaint.
ravi shankar prasad said, as many as 113 crore aadhaar cards, 108 crore mobile phones, 50 crore internet users, 35 crore smart phones have been connected under digital india.
(pti photo) ravishankarprasad prasad said, as many as 113 crore aadhaar cards, 108 crore mobile phones, 50 crore internet users, 35 crore smart phones have been connected under digital india.
(pti photo)the bhim-aadhaar pay mobile application launched by prime minister narendra modi will boost transparency and honesty in payment of income tax in the country, union law and it minister ravishankarprasad prasad said in nagpur on friday.
the essence and the idea behind the prime ministers digital india initiative is that if we send rs 100 from delhi, then it must fully reach to the poor beneficiary.
that is the reason some 28 crore bank accounts have been opened for the poor in the last two years, said prasad.
he was addressing a programme to mark the culmination of digi dhan mela organised by the niti aayog at the divisional sports stadium located in mankapur area.
apart from modi, union ministers nitin gadkari, piyush goyal, hansraj ahir, ramdas athawle, and maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis were present on the dais.
modi today paid tribute to b r ambedkar at deekshabhoomi here, where the dalit icon had embraced buddhism, to mark his 126th birth anniversary.
he launched bhim-aadhaar mobile application, a biometric-based payment system which will make payment through thumb impression a reality.
prasad said, as many as 113 crore aadhaar cards, 108 crore mobile phones, 50 crore internet users, 35 crore smart phones have been connected under digital india.
he said that 72 mobile manufacturing companies have entered india since modi government assumed power.
the whlole world is discussing about the aadhaar initiative of india, he said.
the minister said that the launch of the bhim-aadhaar pay app will boost transparency and honesty in payment of income tax.
it will also help in making the indian army as well as indian roads the strongest in the world, he said.
on the occasion, prasad announced a 20,000 square metre incubation centre in nagpur for making it new it centre of the country.
addressing the gathering, union highways minsiter nitin gadkari termed the digital india initiative a very big and progressive thinking to fulfill the dreams of dr babasaheb ambedkar.
digital india will provide economic and social justice to the poor and farmers.
the digital india initiative will have a lot of positive impact on various sectors in the country, he said.
union minister of law and justice ravishankarprasad prasad.
(file photo) union minister of law and justice ravishankarprasad prasad.
(file photo)indo-pak relationship will not be same again and indias patience with the neighbour is running out, union minister ravishankarprasad prasad on monday said as the government weighs its options following the deadly uri terror attack.
with voices, including within the bjp, calling for retaliatory action against pakistan following the uri terror attack, the union law and information technology minister said the modi government will take appropriate action keeping in the mind the national interest.
asked about reports of india weighing options likes surgical strike in pakistan territory, he told reports that such matters are not discussed with the media.
our relationship with pakistan will not be same again.
our patience is running out.
there is a limit to patience.
the government will consider strategic and diplomatic options and take a decision, he said.
to a question that prime minister narendra modi is facing criticism for the gap between his tough rhetoric when bjp was in the opposition and his governments action vis-a-vis pakistan, prasad said bjps policies are in tune with the national interest.
the opposition parties should keep politics away from this matter, he said.
bjp national secretary sidharth nath singh said thegovernment will do whatever it has to in the national interest and it is serious about the issue.
if something has to be done, it will be done.
there is no need to talk about it, he said, adding that it will take action at an appropriate time and has been fully behind army on such matters.
whether to respond to pakistan diplomatically, economically or by some other means is a decision which the government will take, he said.
b'cambridge analytica-facebook row: bjp leader ravishankarprasad prasad said the number of gandhis twitter followers had shot up recently and wondered if it was due to the services of the firm that he achieved this fake popularity.
cambridge analytica-facebook row: bjp leader ravishankarprasad prasad said the number of gandhis twitter followers had shot up recently and wondered if it was due to the services of the firm that he achieved this fake popularity.
in the wake of the cambridge analytica scandal, union minister ravishankarprasad prasad on wednesday questioned links between the congress and the data mining firm, which is at the centre of controversy in the united states and britain after being accused of harvesting personal information from facebook illegally to influence polls in several countries.
citing media reports about the congress plan to use the firms service for next years lok sabha elections, prasad, the law and it minister, called upon rahul gandhi to explain the companys role in his social media outreach.
the bjp leader said the number of gandhis twitter followers had shot up recently and wondered if it was due to the services of the firm that he achieved this fake popularity.
will the congress now depend on data manipulation and theft to woo voters?
prasad asked.
he said the firm has been accused of using sex, sleaze and fake news to influence elections and asked if the congress too plans to walk the same path.
read | strong action will be taken if facebook tries to influence electoral process in india: ravishankarprasad prasadthe congress must explain if it has engaged in data trade with cambridge analytica, he said, questioning the opposition partys silence despite numerous reports of its link with the company.
prasad also took the opportunity to warn social media platforms like facebook of stringent action if any attempt was made by them to influence the countrys electoral process through undesirable means.
let me make it very, very clear, we fully support freedom of press, speech and expression; we fully support free exchange of ideas on social media.
but any attempt, covert or overt, by social media, including facebook, of trying to influence indias electoral process through undesirable means will neither be appreciated nor be tolerated, prasad said.
also read | q&a: what is the cambridge analytica-facebook controversy all about?
rebutting the charges made by the bjp, congress leader randeep surjewala said neither his party nor rahul gandhi has ever hired the services of the beleaguered company.
indian national congress or the congress president has never used or never hired the services of a company called cambridge analytica.
it is a fake agenda and white lie being dished out by union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad, said surjewala.
live: aicc press conference on bjps mischievous allegations https://t.
co/0rtfy5tpaz  randeep singh surjewala (@rssurjewala) march 21, 2018describing law minister prasad as lawless law minister, the congress leader said, bjps factory of fake news has produced one more fake product today.
it appears fake statements, fake press conferences & fake agendas have become everyday character of bjp.
the congress further made counter allegations that bjp-jd(u) had used the cambridge analyticas services in 2010.
cambridge analyticas linked website shows that in 2010 its services were used by bjp-jd(u).
firms indian partner ovlene business intelligence (obi) is being run by bjp allys mps son.
obi companys services were used by rajnath singh in 2009, surjewala added.
submitting to pressure, especially from members from tamil nadu, the union government assured the rajya sabha on tuesday that exams held in the state on sunday for recruitment on certain posts in the postal department will be canceled and fresh exams will be held soon.
advertisingthe governments statement came after members of several parties  predominantly from the aiadmk and dmk  disrupted the proceedings, demanding the exams be scrapped as candidates could only choose to take the exam in english or hindi.
when rajya sabha commenced work on tuesday morning, members of dmk and aiadmk started shouting slogans from their seats, demanding the cancellation of the exams.
chairman m venkaiah naidu asked for order in the house, asking aiadmk leader v maitreyan to not shout from his seat.
naidu stopped the live broadcast of the proceedings before adjourning the house till noon.
during the adjourned period, bjp leaders including the union minister of state for external affairs and parliamentary affairs v muraleedharan approached the aiadmk leaders to find a solution, but to no avail.
advertisingas soon as the house resumed, some of the protesting members stormed to the well of the house.
deputy chairman harivansh tried to continue with the days business, but the disrupting members did not yield and maitreyan tore pieces of paper and flung them into the air, and demanded a statement from law minister ravishankarprasad prasad  who was making a statement in the lok sabha  on tuesday itself.
leader of opposition ghulam nabi azad intervened and asked for the house to be adjourned, which was done for 15 minutes by harivansh.
the same scenes were repeated twice.
finally, after the house resumed at 2.
30 pm after four adjournments, prasad came to the upper house and said he has examined the matter today itself and it has now been decided to cancel the examination held on july 14.
he said, the examination will now be held in all regional languages, as per a notification dated may 5, 2019 of the department concerning the examination, including in tamil.
prasad said the prime minister narendra modi-led government has respect for all the regional languages, including tamil, adding that the governments commitment to respect all languages is full and total.
congress member anand sharma said, we are very happy that the minister has made this statement to resolve a very challenging situation that had resulted from these examinations that were held.
the larger issue is to pre-empt and ensure that there is no recurrence.
dmk leader t k s elangovan later told the indian express, these exams were held only in hindi and english and not in tamil these are all small posts (and) local people will aspire to come when exams are not held in regional languages, they (the people) will suffer.
he added, the country is united because every language is respected there should be mutual respect among the people speaking various languages.
but if they are thrusting a particular language on us, then that mutual respect will breakmaitreyan told the indian express that the exams for postal services have always been conducted in regional languages along with hindi and english, but it was changed on july 11 when it was announced that the exams will be conducted only in hindi and english on july 14.
along with hindi and english, all the regional indian languages are also national languages, he said.
union minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
(file) union minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
(file)as many as 524 fast-track courts are functional in the country and the centre is trying to sensitise state governments to set up more such courts, union minister ravishankarprasad prasad said today.
the minister of law and justice also emphasised that the 14th finance commission has endorsed the proposal to strengthen the judicial system, including by setting up 1,800 fast track courts.
there are 524 functional fast track courts in the country while some states do not have any such court, according to data provided by the minister as part of a written reply.
members from kerala protested claiming that the data showing the state did not have any fast track court was wrong.
of them, 183 are in uttar pradesh, maharashtra (100), tamil nadu (39), andhra pradesh (38) and telangana (34), the data showed.
during question hour, prasad said the central government was trying to sensitise state governments to establish more fast track courts as infrastructure development was the responsibility of the states.
setting up of subordinate courts, including fast track courts, is the responsibility of the state governments which, in consultation with the respective high courts, set up such courts from their own resources, he noted.
the 14th finance commission has urged state governments to use the additional fiscal space provided by it in the tax devolution to meet the requirements, including those related to strengthening judicial system and establishing fast track courts, prasad said.
law minister ravishankarprasad prasad will move amendments to the aadhaar (targeted delivery of financial and other subsidies, benefits and services) act, 2016, the indian telegraph act, 1885, and the prevention of money laundering act, 2002.
the bill, to be introduced as the aadhaar and other laws (amendment) bill, 2019, will replace an ordinance issued in march.
meanwhile, the congress has issued a three-line whip to its mps to be present in rajya sabha where commerce and industry minister piyush goyal will move for passage of the special economic zones (amendment) bill, 2019.
the bill seeks to allow trusts to set up units in special economic zones by amending the sez law.
it was passed with a voice vote in the lower house on wednesday  the first legislation to be passed by the 17th lok sabha.
b'samajwadi party candidate for rajya sabha jaya bachchan filing her nomination at state assembly in lucknow on friday.
(source: express photo by vishal srivastav) samajwadi party candidate for rajya sabha jaya bachchan filing her nomination at state assembly in lucknow on friday.
(source: express photo by vishal srivastav)samajwadi party candidate jaya bachchan on friday filed nomination for rajya sabha from uttar pradesh at the state assembly in lucknow in presence of sahara group chairman subrata roy and party mp and former state chief minister akhilesh yadavs wife dimple yadav.
the 69-year-old actor-politician has been a samajwadi party member in the rajya sabha since 2004, for three terms.
her rajya sabha term ends in april.
meanwhile, finance minister arun jaitley, whose rajya sabha term from gujarat is coming to an end, will also contest elections to the upper house from uttar pradesh, according to an announcement made by the bharatiya janata party (bjp)s central election committee on thursday.
the committee also said that law minister ravishankarprasad prasad will be contesting from bihar, petroleum minister dharmendra pradhan will stand from madhya pradesh, and hrd minister prakash javadekar will contest from maharashtra.
while pradhan is currently a member from bihar, javadekar is from madhya pradesh.
the bjp is expected to increase its strength as 58 seats are going for elections on march 23.
bjps impressive performance in the past two years would have a favourable impact on the party.
the current strength of the bjp in the 239-member house is 58 and the nda has 82.
the number of seats falling vacant are  uttar pradesh(10), maharashtra and bihar (6 each), west bengal and madhya pradesh (5 each), karnataka and gujarat (4 each), andhra pradesh, telangana, odisha and rajasthan (3 each), jharkhand( 2) and chhattisgarh, haryana, himachal and uttarakhand (1 each).
b'ravi shankar prasad said, probity demands that @rahulgandhi should apologise & promise not to manipulate voters and divide the society in future.
ravi shankar prasad said, probity demands that @rahulgandhi should apologise & promise not to manipulate voters and divide the society in future.
the bjp on wednesday sought an apology from congress president rahul gandhi for allegedly using cambridge analytica data to swing poll results and said probity demands that he should promise not to manipulate voters in the future.
this came after facebook chief mark zuckerber apologised to the us congress and took personal responsibility for not doing enough to protect facebooks users private data from being misused and manipulated.
senior bjp leader and it minister ravishankarprasad prasad said on twitter that cambridge analyticas role in manipulating elections is clear and facebook has given an assurance to stop it and maintain integrity of indias elections.
now that cambridge analyticas role in manipulating elections is clear & facebook has assured to stop it and maintain integrity of indias elections, probity demands that @rahulgandhi should apologise & promise not to manipulate voters and divide the society in future!
https://t.
co/xo4ijujsbw  ravishankarprasad prasad (@rsprasad) april 11, 2018https://platform.
twitter.com/widgets.
jszuckerbergs apology for failing to protect the social media giants user data in the cambridge analytica scandal as a handle, prasad said, probity demands that @rahulgandhi should apologise & promise not to manipulate voters and divide the society in future.
last week, zuckerberg admitted making a huge mistake as personal data of up to 87 million users may have been improperly shared with british political consulting firm cambridge analytica, a figure higher than the previous estimate of 50 million.
there have been allegations that cambridge analytica data has been used by parties in india too.
bharatiya janata party today targeted prime minister manmohan singh after he reposed faith in home minister p chidambaram who is facing opposition heat in 2g spectrum case,asking whether he was being shielded over fears of embers of the fire reaching the prime ministers office (pmo).
congress on its part hit out at bjp accusing the main opposition party of wanting to fish in troubled waters and asked it not to jump the gun since the 2g issue is already under a joint parliamentary committee (jpc) probe.
as the two parties were locked in a slugfest over the finance ministry note to the pmo on the stand taken by chidambaram in 2g spectrum allocation when he was the finance minister,the bjp alleged his culpability was evident and demanded a fair investigation into his role.
stepping up bjps attack on chidamabram while pressing for his resignation,the partys chief spokesperson ravishankarprasad prasad wondered how the prime minister had expressed full confidence in him without going into the merits of the case in wake of the new evidence.
is his confidence in his ministerial colleague more important than a fair inquiry?
he asked,insisting that not taking timely action for the benefit of someone is also acrime.
we want to ask the prime minister if the compulsion to shield chidambaram is because the embers of the fire can reach the pmo, prasad said.
skeletons are fighting skeletons and rocking the boat of upa.
how long will you keep quiet,mr prime minister?
prasad also asked at whose behest was the note by the finance ministry prepared for the pmo.
at whose instance did the finance ministry prepare the note for the pmo?
the country is certainly entitled to know if the pmo asked for the note.
if yes,why was there no follow-up action?
congress sought to turn the tables on bjp for its offensive on chidambaram.
for every question the bjp raises,we can raise two.
notwithanding serious objections raised by a former telecom minister of the nda,why is it that the migration was permitted,why the spirit of national telecom policy was violated why the entry level for new players would be the same why spectrum was not auctioned separately, party spokesperson manish tewari said.
b'the supreme court on tuesday asked if the senior leaders of the bjp,the vhp and others had a very weak case on merits in the babri masjid demolition case while granting another opportunity to the cbi for explaining the delay in its appeal against the order to drop conspiracy charges against l k advani and others.
the courts poser came after senior advocate ravishankarprasad prasad,who appeared for various leaders,opposed cbis plea to condone 167 days in filing the special leave petition against the impugned allahabad high court order of may 2010.
prasad claimed that cbis two affidavits demonstrated no substantial ground and hence there was no reason why their request should be allowed.
it prompts us to ask the question; do you have a very weak case on merits that you are taking such a view?
we do not usually deliberate so much on deciding the question of delay in filing a petition but in this case,since there are serious objections,we are dealing with it in detail, a bench of justices h l dattu and j s khehar said.
prasad responded they had a very strong case but the cbis case was a political persecution.
now that you say that you have a strong case,let them satisfy us on the question of delay, said the bench.
it had earlier agreed with cbis submission that this was not a case which a law officer could settle in a routine manner.
after going through the list of dates adduced by cbis lawyer senior advocate p p rao as per courts directive,the bench said cbi appeared to be prompt in pursuing the matter after the hc order but the delay of more than three months occurred in the office of the then solicitor general in settling and finalising the appeal.
we think somebody from the office of the senior law officer needs to file his affidavit,explaining the delay,otherwise it will be justified to challenge the admission of appeal.
we see delay of almost one month happened at every stage of finalising the appeal and mainly in the office of the solicitor general.
it could have been a different case if the cbi slept over the matter but it does not look so, it observed.
the court,in the fitness of things,then asked the solicitor generals office to file an affidavit in a weeks time to explain the reasons of delay.
the counsel for the leaders were also given a week to respond to the affidavit as the bench,on a request by rao to list the matter immediately thereafter,posted it for april 16.
the court is hearing cbis appeal against decisions of special cbi court and hc to drop criminal conspiracy charge against advani,kalyan singh,uma bharti,vinay katiyar,murli manohar joshi and several others.
b'aicc in-charge communications randeep singh surjewala.
(files) aicc in-charge communications randeep singh surjewala.
(files)in the wake of the supreme court dismissing pleas seeking an independent probe into the death of special cbi judge b h loya, congress said it was a sad letter day in indias history and added that the ruling has left many questions unanswered.
the party also hit back at the bjp, which alleged that congress chief rahul gandhi was the invisible hand behind the pleas and demanded that he apologise.
accusing the bjp of indulging in cheap politics, congress argued that the party was neither a petitioner nor a party to the case.
the bjps attack on the congress reflects its jitteriness and frustration, said congress communication department head randeep surjewala, adding, if bjp and its spokespersons believe judge loyas death was naturalwhy are they fearing a probe?
when those sitting in the government come out against a probeit creates doubtsthe demand for a probe is opposed only when there is a fear regarding an investigation he said.
also read | judge loya death: case was meant to damage interests of bjp, amit shah, says ravishankarprasad prasadthe congress said the issue of criminality or lack thereof can only be decided through an investigation (and) no one, without an investigation, can decide whether death is natural or not.
we respectfully disagree with the conclusions arrived at (by the supreme court).
we believe there is material that was never placed before the supreme court.
there is material that can only be examined in an investigation and not in a public interest litigation.
there are discrepancies in documents that were not (placed) before the apex court as maharashtra never placed them.
there are pieces of evidence and link chain evidence available and all of which need to be investigated.
and may be post that investigation, the investigators may arrive at the same conclusion as the pil verdict has arrived at.
in the interest of justice, as the maxim says justice should not only be done but seem to be done.
.
so in this case, we believe the matter needs to be thoroughly investigated with all the evidence, documents and discrepancies therein.
so as to arrive at a just conclusion.
he said.
the congress pointed out that four of the seniormost judges of the supreme court had in a press conference mentioned judge loyas case.
are they also anti-nationals, he said.
the congress asked whether statements of some judges made in an administrative enquiry before a police officer can be the sole yardstick for arriving at a conclusion, more so when there is suspicion being raised by available forensic evidence, opinion of experts, documents, discrepancies and statements of various witnesses pointing towards a possible conspiracy?
reacting to the judgement, prashant bhushan, who was counsel for an intervener in the case, tweeted, sc bench headed by cji dismissed the petitions seeking indep inquiry into judge loyas death, saying theres no reason to disbelieve 2 bombay judges who said(w/o affidavit)that 3 judges slept in room with 2 beds.
this despite the ecg & histopath report falsifying heart attack story.
prime minister narendra modi prime minister narendra moditerrorism has thrown a big challenge to humanity and people should draw inspiration from ancient scriptures to take on the menace, prime minister narendra modi said on sunday.
terrorism has gripped the entire world.
it has thrown a challenge to humanity.
if we try to analyse incidents mentioned in ancient scriptures and set those in the present context, i would say that jatayu was the first to fight against terrorism.
he gave the message of fearlessness, he said.
in epic ramayana, jatayu, a vulture, had valiantly tried to rescue sita when she was being kidnapped by ravana, sacrificing his life in the process.
the prime minister said jatayu sacrificed his life taking on a strong man to defend the dignity of a woman.
jatayus fight gives us the inspiration to take on terrorism.
it also gives the message to live for humanity, he said.
modi was addressing a gathering at the residence of union minister m venkaiah naidu here to celebrate ugadi, the telugu and kannada new year day.
referring to different languages and cultures in the country, modi said various states should ensure cultural exchanges between people.
haryana and telangana have already signed an agreement in this regard.
he said cultural exchanges and quiz competitions can be organised to spread culture and language of one state in the other.
modi said diversity of india was both its identity and strength.
the prime minister, while greeting the nation on ugadi, said the festivals are a reflection of changing facets of nature and are linked to culture and traditions.
citing the ek bharat, shreshth bharat initiative of his government, modi said it would enable the coming generations to understand the cultural diversity of different states.
this would strengthen the feeling of oneness and unity amongst all indians, modi said, as he called upon states to collaborate with each other in promoting the uniqueness of their respective cultures and traditions.
greeting people on the occasion, naidu said the day heralds the beginning of the new year and good days will turn into even better days under modi.
he also said that unity of the country is in its diversity.
achche din have come and aur bhi achche din aane wale hain desh mein (good days have come and even better days will come) under narendra modis leadership, he said.
naidu said ugadi would bring prosperity and growth to the country under the leadership of modi.
the function was attended by lok sabha speaker sumitra mahajan, delhi lt governor anil baijal, minister of law and justice ravishankarprasad prasad and a host of union ministers.
artists from tamil nadu, karnataka, kerala, telangana and andhra pradesh gave cultural performances.
former prime minister atal bihari vajpayee,who turned 88 today,was greeted by a host of senior leaders including prime minister manmohan singh.
singh presented a bouquet to the senior bjp leader.
vajpayees birthday is being observed as good governance day by the bjp.
today is ataljis birthday and we have decided to observe his birthday as good governance day.
because people still remember the good governance during vajpyee-led nda rule, bjp president nitin gadkari told reporters after meeting vajpayee.
senior bjp leader l k advani followed by rajnath singh,arun jaitley,ravi shankar prasad and many others also visited vajpayees residence to greet him on his birthday.
greetings and well wishes are coming from all over the country for atalji.
he is the tallest leader of the bjp and is our source of inspiration.
though he is not able to work actively,his presence is still a source of inspiration for all party workers, bjp spokesperson prakash javadekar said.
scores of bjp workers and supporters carrying bouquets had come to greet vajpayee.
vajpayee has not been keeping well for sometime now and did not contest the 1999 lok sabha elections.
deputy speaker of lok sabha karia munda,uttarakhand chief minister b c khanduri,bihar deputy chief minister sushil modi and bjp leader najma heptullah were among others who greeted vajpayee on the occasion.
yogi adityanath with pm narendra modi, bjp chief amit shah, former up cm akhilesh yadav and deputy cm keshav prasad maurya at the swearing-in in lucknow, sunday.
vishal srivastav yogi adityanath with pm narendra modi, bjp chief amit shah, former up cm akhilesh yadav and deputy cm keshav prasad maurya at the swearing-in in lucknow, sunday.
vishal srivastavyogi adityanath, five-time bjp mp from gorakhpur, took oath on sunday as the chief minister of up along with two deputy chief ministers and 44 ministers in the presence of prime minister narendra modi, bjp chief amit shah, at least 11 union ministers, chief ministers of nine states and the deputy chief minister of j&k.
bjp veterans l k advani and murli manohar joshi, and sp leader mulayam singh yadav and his son akhilesh yadav, the outgoing chief minister, were also part of the high-profile swearing-in ceremony, which was not attended by leaders from the congress or bsp.
adityanath will lead a council of ministers that includes deputy chief ministers keshav prasad maurya and dinesh sharma, 22 members of cabinet rank, nine ministers of state with independent charge and 13 ministers of state.
it includes five women, one of cabinet rank, two ministers of state (independent charge) and two ministers of state.
a notable inclusion in adityanaths team as a minister of state is its lone muslim face mohsin raza.
the bjp had not fielded a single muslim candidate while sweeping the state with its allies for a majority of 325 in the house of 403 in the recent assembly elections.
raza, a state-level cricketer turned politician, joined the party in 2013.
among the interesting picks for cabinet ministers are former congress state president rita bahuguna joshi, who switched to bjp and defeated mulayams daughter-in-law aparna yadav in the polls, former test cricketer chetan chauhan, and former bsp minister swami prasad maurya.
bjp spokespersons shrikant sharma and siddharth nath singh have also been given cabinet rank.
those named as ministers of state with independent charge include suresh rana, who has been named in the muzaffarnagar riots case, and swati singh, state chief of bjps mahila morcha and wife of dayashankar singh, who was reinducted to the party last week after being sacked for making objectionable remarks against bsp chief mayawati last year.
among the ministers of state is former up chief minister and rajasthan governor kalyan singhs grandson sandeep singh, 26, who is the youngest minister in the council.
the oath-taking ceremony began after prime minister modi and adityanath walked on to the dais after the others had reached the venue.
adityanath and his council of ministers were administered the oath by governor ram naik in a ceremony that lasted one hour and 25 minutes.
former bjp chief of up, surya pratap shahi, was the first to take oath as cabinet minister.
an mla from pathardeva in deoria, shahi had been removed from the party position after the poor show in the 2012 assembly elections.
the other cabinet ministers are suresh khanna, satish mahana, rajesh agrawal, dara singh chauhan, dharampal singh, sp singh baghel, satyadev pachauri, ramapati shastri, jai prakash singh, brijesh pathak, laxmi narayan chaudhary, mukut bihari verma, ashutosh tandon, nand gopal gupta alias nandi, rajendra pratap singh alias moti singh and om prakash rajbhar, an mla of bjp ally suheldev bharatiya samaj party.
those who took oath as ministers of state with independent charge included bjp state general secretaries anupama jaiswal and swatantra deo singh, national secretary mahendra singh, bhupendra singh chaudhary, upendra tiwari, dharam singh saini and anil rajbhar.
among the ministers of state were neelkanth tiwari, first-time mla from varanasi south that falls in modis lok sabha constituency, and baldeo aulakh, a sikh.
others who took oath were gulab devi, jai prakash nishad, archana pandey, atul garg, ranvendra pratep singh, girish yadav, mannu kori, suresh pasi and jai kumar singh jaiki, mla of ally apna dal.
the union ministers present included rajnath singh, ravishankarprasad prasad, venkaiah naidu, nitin gadkari, narendra singh tomar, uma bharti, kalraj mishra, mahesh sharma, v k singh, ramdas athawale and anupriya patel.
minister of state for railways manoj sinha, who was said to be in the race for the chief ministers post, was not present.
the chief ministers of other states who attended were sarbananda sonowal (assam), raman singh (chhattisgarh), shivraj singh chouhan (madhya pradesh), chandrababu naidu (andhra pradesh), manohar parrikar (goa), devendra fadnavis (maharashtra), vasundhara raje (rajasthan), trivendra singh rawat (uttarakhand), raghubar das (jharkhand) and nirmal singh (deputy cm of j&k).
after the end of the ceremony, mulayam and akhilesh met prime minister modi for a brief chat.
however, bjp veterans advani and joshi mostly kept to themselves, hardly sharing a word with anyone else.
there is no other item on the agenda of the collegium meeting, as per the notice issued by chief justice dipak misra late tuesday evening.
(file) there is no other item on the agenda of the collegium meeting, as per the notice issued by chief justice dipak misra late tuesday evening.
(file)in the latest round of the tussle between the supreme court and the government, the collegium, consisting of the five most senior judges of the apex court, is expected to reiterate wednesday afternoon the name of justice k m joseph, chief justice of uttarakhand high court.
his name was returned to the supreme court by the government last week after a delay of more than three months.
there is no other item on the agenda of the collegium meeting, as per the notice issued by chief justice dipak misra late tuesday evening.
that puts to rest all speculation that the collegium could recommend some other names, along with reiterating the name of justice k m joseph.
against a sanctioned strength of 31, there are currently only 25 judges appointed to the supreme court.
read | cji dipak misra should show statesmanship, says former cji rm lodhasources said the collegium meeting will be held at 4.
15 pm at the supreme court premises.
all the members of the collegium  cji misra and justices jasti chelameswar, ranjan gogoi, madan lokur and kurian joseph  are expected to attend the meeting which will discuss the controversial government order to segregate its two recommendations and return justice k m josephs name to the cji.
read | govt arguments against justice km joseph do not hold water, say criticslast thursday, union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad had written to cji misra returning justice josephs name, after the government had approved ms (now justice) indu malhotras name.
justice malhotra was sworn in as a judge of the apex court last friday.
in wednesdays meeting, the collegium is widely expected to strongly reiterate justice k m josephs name to the government.
a reiteration by the collegium would make it incumbent upon the government to issue a warrant for the appointment of justice joseph to the supreme court.
uttarakhand chief justice k m joseph.
(photo by neeraj priyadarshi) uttarakhand chief justice k m joseph.
(photo by neeraj priyadarshi)the same collegium under cji misra had unanimously recommended justice k m josephs name in january, stating that he is more deserving and suitable in all respects than other chief justices and senior puisne judges of high courts for being appointed as judges of the supreme court of india.
as per sources, there had been no material change of facts in the case, only expression of an opinion by the law minister to elicit a different response from the collegium now.
read | govt sits on proposals, history wont pardon us if we do not respond: justice kurian joseph to cji dipak misrasources also said that the collegium is likely to decide that no further names will be sent to the government unless justice josephs name is approved for appointment to the supreme court.
read | supreme court may send name of uttarakhand chief justice to govt again: justice kurian josephsources said at least six judges of the apex court had conveyed their concerns to the cji about the governments response to justice kurian josephs statement about the likely decision of the collegium.
these judges felt, sources said, that justice kurian joseph had not done anything improper to draw such a sharp rebuke from the government which itself has not been following any of the established norms in dealing with the judiciary.
read | collegium decision final, anything else malafide, says fali narimanas reported by the indian express on tuesday, a top government functionary expressed surprise that a possible decision on reiterating justice k m josephs name had already been taken before the collegium meeting.
his statement came a day after justice kurian joseph had told the indian express that the collegium might have to reiterate its recommendation furnishing facts and figures and citing precedent which have not been put in perspective by the government when it returned his name.
the election commission on saturday announced that by-elections to fill six rajya sabha seats from bihar, odisha and gujarat will be held on july 5.
the vacancies were caused by the election of four sitting members to the lok sabha, election of one to state assembly and resignation of another.
the bypolls will be held to fill these vacancies for the remainder terms only.
advertisingin bihar, one seat fell vacant following election of union minister ravishankarprasad prasad to lok sabha last month.
the term of office for this seat is till april 2024.
in gujarat, bypolls will be held for two seats that were vacated due to election of bjp chief amit shah and union minister smriti irani to lok sabha.
both these terms end in august 2023.
in odisha, three seats were vacated due to election of achyutananda samanta in lok sabha, election of pratap keshari deb to odisha assembly and resignation of soumya ranjan patnaik.
advertisingnotification will be issued on june 18 and june 25 is the last date of nominations.
scrutiny of nominations will be done on june 26 and june 28 is the last date of withdrawal of candidature.
polling is scheduled on july 5 and counting of votes will be done the same day.
the ec clarified that vacancies for bypolls to all houses, including rajya sabha, are considered as separate vacancies and separate notifications are issued and separate poll is taken for each of the vacancies, though the schedule for the bypolls may be common.
the debate on electoral reforms in rajya sabha on wednesday saw several opposition parties demanding a return to ballot papers from the electronic voting machines (evms) and seeking steps to curb use of money power in elections, while the government and the bjp pitched for prime minister narendra modis one nation, one election proposal.
advertisinglaw minister ravishankarprasad prasad accused the opposition of adopting double standards on the issue of evms. he said leaders from their parties had become chief ministers, and the prime minister, through the same voting process.
(but) if people of this country elect narendra modi, then evm is faulty.
what is this logic, he asked.
this hypocrisy and double standards impinge upon the polity of the country.
opposition members, particularly congresss kapil sibal, claimed that the bjp outspent other parties in these elections and argued that the saffron party enjoyed complete hegemony on electronic and print media when it came to advertisements.
advertisingalong with sibal, trinamool congresss derek obrien and samajwadi partys ramgopal yadav demanded a return to ballot papers.
sibal also hit out at the election commission (ec), arguing that he did not see any action from ec when its advisories were flouted and references were made to the armed forces during the campaign phase.
prasad and bjps bhupendra yadav pitched for the one nation one poll and urged the opposition to consider the proposal with an open mind.
prasad said the government will write to the ec to have a single voters list for lok sabha, assembly and panchayat elections.
modi had referred to the need for having one electoral roll during his reply on the motion of thanks to the presidents address last month.
sps ramgopal yadav also mentioned the need for one electoral roll.
yadav said governments  at both the centre and in states  should resign six months before elections.
minister prasad said four general elections and 122 assembly polls have been held using evms. he said manmohan singh became the prime minister twice on elections held using evms. similarly, leaders of opposition parties such as akhilesh yadav, mayawati and mamata banerjee became chief ministers, he pointed out.
replying to the charge of managing traditional and social media, prasad said, stop insulting the voters of this country and try to acknowledge your defeat.
the minister said the government would not allow misuse of data by foreign powers and said legislation in this regard has been in the works.
on electoral funding, prasad said the government has taken several steps in the last three years to improve the system, and corporate entities have been asked to give donation only through cheques.
but we need to further plug the gaps where the funding part is concerned, he added.
initiating the debate, tmcs obrien said parliament should revisit the process of appointment of election commissioners.
parliament is above the election commission either we amend the constitution we will have to see how election commissioners are elected, obrien said.
cpis d raja suggested setting up of a collegium to choose and appoint election commissioners.
sibal quoted a report by a private agency that suggested that the bjp had spent 45 per cent of the total money spent by all parties in the elections.
prasad objected to the figures.
sibal, however, asked where the funds had come from and was it black money or white.
sibal contended that several amendments were made in finance act and fcra in the last two or three years to facilitate donations.
he alleged that donations were given by companies which were favoured.
advertisingprasad intervened and said sibal had appeared in court on behalf of the congress in a case related to fcra.
sibal denied the charge and mentioned a few case numbers to argue that he had not appeared.
later, bhupender yadav reiterated the charge and placed some document on the table of the house.
the ahmedabad urban development authority (auda) was severely criticised for the poor condition of the road from bopal bridge to shantipura circle by vice president of gujarat bjpadvertisingi k jadeja on thursday.
within a few hours after the senior leader wrote on twitter, asking if officers of auda would walk on such a road and whether contractors would take no responsibility, auda sent its men and machinery to repair the road.
while jadeja posted another tweet commending audas quick response, his original post got politicos talking, especially in the bjp which is extremely image conscious.
a party worker said it was possible that jadejas angst was against the bureaucracy, which is at the helm of affairs in the auda without a political leader as chairman.
wooed, then dismissedwhile journalists in gujarat are getting used to union ministers unannounced visits or barring media from some public and party meetings, it came as a rude shock on wednesday when union minister ravishankarprasad prasad curtly asked mediapersons to leave the venue of an interaction between the states industry leaders in manufacturing and information technology, at the indian institute of technology, gandhinagar.
the minister had inaugurated a centre of excellence managed by nasscom there.
what left mediapersons miffed was that they were treated this way after media houses had been bombarded with invites and reminders via text messages and phone calls from public relations agencies and the press information bureau, asking them to attend the event just a few hours before it was to begin.
the journalists had also been assured of a media interaction with the minister.
so the organisers were left dumbstruck at the turn of events and had no option but to apologise.
amit shah in odisha.
(pti photo) amit shah in odisha.
(pti photo)bjp president amit shah exhorted partymen on saturday to ensure that the party wins from panchayat to parliament and every state, and that the country achieves its place among the comity of nations.
it was only then that he would call it the bjps golden era, shah said.
sixty per cent of the political space is already occupied by the bjp.
but we cannot sit idly, resting on our laurels, shah was quoted as saying at the bjp national executive, that began here on saturday, by senior party leader and union minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
in 2014 it was said that the bjp had reached its peak.
the bjp continued its victory streak.
in 2016, it was again said that the bjp had reached its peak.
but our party president said the bjp is yet to reach its peak.
we have 13 cms, we want all states to have bjp cms, prasad said.
the bjp chief asked party office-bearers and ministers to spend 15 days each month to reach out to workers to the booth level, covering five states and uts, giving three days to each.
shah himself will be visiting andaman and nicobar islands, kerala and gujarat, prasad said, apart from spending 95 days till september visiting polling booths across india to have a profound connect with every booth worker in the country.
we have to pledge that the bjp should be there from the panchayats to parliament.
every state should see this, in every state, we have to take the bjp to power.
once we achieve that, we can say that the bjps golden era has come, shah told over 300 national executive members, including ministers.
it should not just be the partys success but the countrys success as well, he added.
we should see to it that the country reaches a high position among the comity of nations.
once we achieve that, we can say the bjps golden era has come.
the national executive is meeting for the first time after the bjps recent poll success, resulting in the party forming governments in uttar pradesh, uttarakhand, goa and manipur.
it is the first time in 20 years that the party is holding its national executive in odisha, which is high on the list of states that the bjp wants to win.
earlier, prime minister narendra modi held a roadshow on his four-km ride to the national executive from the bhubaneswar airport, leaning out of his vehicle and stepping out to greet supporters who lined the roads.
at the beginning of his speech, shah talked specifically of states going to polls next, gujarat, himachal pradesh and karnataka, and said that the bjp was taking a resolve, in this land of the jagannath temple, to win all with a massive majority.
shah talked about political violence in states such as kerala, west bengal and tripura, warning, i want to tell those who are unleashing violence on bjp workers in kerala and west bengal that if you want to suppress us with violence, the bjp will rise more.
bjp workers do not get scared of violence.
we will work peacefully, with determination.
taking on the naveen patnaik government in odisha, shah said it had failed on almost all fronts.
the hard work and struggles of odisha bjp workers would soon bear fruit.
the next government in odisha would be the bjps.
evms an excuse, accept defeat: shahquestioning the oppositions criticism of evms, amit shah said it was an insult to the authority of the election commission.
accusing the opposition of not accepting defeat gracefully, he said, it is expected that defeated parties accept their loss with honesty.
but now they are finding excuses.
union minister ravishankarprasad prasad said that shah had pointed out that when the upa won in 2004 and 2009 and when the aap won in delhi, when the bjp was defeated in bihar and when the congress won in punjab, the same evms were used.
the opposition has today no answer to our 325 seats and three-fourth majority, and so they are making evms and other excuses, shah said.
responding to delhi chief minister arvind kejriwals comment that he had ways to hack evms, prasad said, a chief minister, an alumnus of iit, claimed that evms can be tampered in 70 ways.
we didnt expect a cm to claim himself to be a hacker.
subrata roy was sent to the jail on march 4.
(ie)saharas bid to get its chief subrata roy released from jail fell flat on friday after the supreme court rejected its plea, lashing out at the group for insulting the court while not being willing to pay back investors money.
a bench of justices k s radhakrishnan and j s khehar described saharas proposal on refunding investors as dishonourable, and refused to order roys release.
it posted the matter for tuesday  and roy will remain in judicial custody until then.
he was sent to the jail on march 4.
sahara came up with a proposal to pay rs 2,500 crore within three days, and the remaining amount in five instalments, the last of which was to come in july 2015.
senior advocate c a sundaram pleaded with the court to release roy, claiming it would be impossible to borrow money without him.
one person who can find money is not in a position to do so.
let him come out and he will look for money.
let this rs 2,500 crore that we are paying up front help him come out, the lawyer said.
the bench shot down the plea as not acceptable, especially in view of the fact that roy had been jailed only two days ago, and had been free to arrange the money over the last year and a half when the court was asking him to.
we will tell you how this looks to us.
you make us sit in a special bench and then you give a proposal which is not acceptable at all.
it is a big insult for us to make us assemble in a special bench when you dont have a proper offer to make.
you cannot make judges of the supreme court assemble for a man who is not willing to pay, the court said.
it added: it is a dishonourable proposal.
come to us only if you have a honourable proposal a more attractive and acceptable proposal.
while addressing a grievance put forth by roys lawyers that they were not being allowed to meet him, the court said the counsel and financial consultants will be permitted to meet him in tihar jail between 10 am and 12 pm to help the group finalise a proposal for redemption.
meanwhile, senior advocate rajeev dhawan requested the court to remit roy to police custody from judicial custody in tihar, arguing that he was not charged with any criminal offences.
the bench said it will consider this plea on tuesday as well.
another senior advocate, ravishankarprasad prasad, told the court that not even a single investor had filed a complaint against the group and that this showed the faith people had in roy.
the court however responded: is there actually a single investor?
earlier, sebis counsel pratap venugopal strongly opposed the offer made by sahara on the ground that the group was bound to pay rs 34,000 crore, along with interest, but the proposal was being made only for rs,17,400 crore.
he also objected to granting sahara 17 months to deposit the money.
prasad was replying to a question at the mindmine summit organised by the hero group.
prasad was replying to a question at the mindmine summit organised by the hero group.
saying that he clearly acknowledged that muslims dont vote for the bjp, union telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad said here on friday that this didnt mean that the government victimised them.
we dont get muslim votes, i acknowledge very clearly.
but have we given them proper sanctity or not?
he asked.
prasad was replying to a question at the mindmine summit organised by the hero group.
in an interactive session compered by sunil kant munjal, joint managing director of hero motocorp, prasad was asked how would the government ensure that its tent was big enough to accommodate indias multi-cultural society.
prasad said, we salute the diversity of india.
there are two ways of looking at it and let me be very frank today.
there has been a campaign against us for a long time.
but today we are here because of the blessings of the people of india.
we are ruling 15 states on our own.
we have got 13 chief ministers.
we are ruling the country.
have we victimised any muslim gentleman working in industry or in service?
have we dismissed them?
we dont get muslim votes, i acknowledge very clearly.
but have we given them proper sanctity or not?
to buttress his point, the minister cited the example of padma shri recipient anwar-ul-haq, a jalpaiguri tea garden labourer who ferries sick people on his bike to hospitals.
through this example i would like everyone to know how we govern india.
pm was very cagey about padma awards.
your friends in lutyens delhi were the biggest beneficiaries of that.
he decides i have to change it.
there is this man named anwar-ul-haq.
he is a majdoor in a tea garden in jalpaiguri.
his mother passed away because he could not get her medical aide.
now he has made his motorcycle an ambulance.
he has saved 2000 lives.
one day pmo rang him up and told him that the pm will speak to you.
and pm said i am going to give you padma shree.
you are really doing a great job.
we never saw the religion of anwar-ul-haq or whether he has voted for us or not.
and if there are certain uncalled for, irresponsible voices, the prime minister expresses a concern.
the cms express concern.
yogi (adityanath) is a popular leader.
you are seeing his instances of good governance and inclusive development.
prasad also took a dig at journalists and the left and referred to jnu as their last bastion.
we have a problem with some of our friends.
mostly, the leftist friends and the journalists who entertain a pathological hatred against narendra modi.
good luck to them.
the left is left out all over the world.
they are left out in bengal, are surviving in kerala and tripura, but the left has got a very good campus in delhi, which is the jnu (jawaharlal nehru university) and i always say the left also needs some consolation prize.
so jnu is their consolation prize, we dont mind that, prasad said.
earlier, while talking about the governments efforts to propel growth, prasad said that india was going through a phase of politics of aspiration and the government was trying to increase the size of the cake.
growth can happen without equity but equity cannot happen without growth.
you need to enlarge the cake to distribute it well, prasad said.
people can unseat anyonethis brings about a different kind of humility among those in politics.
learn to perform or people will show you the door.
prasad also said that those who were having a problem with aadhar on issues of privacy actually had a problem with narendra modi.
poor people are happy with aadhar, he said.
the government is swearing by the utility value of aadhaar as one of the most effective tools of checking tax evasion and keeping tabs on black money.
the government is swearing by the utility value of aadhaar as one of the most effective tools of checking tax evasion and keeping tabs on black money.
the governments move to link pan with aadhaar has got support from a large number of people, but a vast majority are concerned about their personal details getting leaked and being misused, two separate surveys show.
the first survey, conducted by online citizen engagement platform localcircles, found that close to two-thirds of respondents were concerned about their aadhaar details getting leaked during the prevailing processes of getting the id card made and through access protocols for vendors like banks and telecom operators.
about one-fourth respondents said they were not concerned, showing their satisfaction with the existing security measures, while the remaining did not express any opinion.
according to localcircles, a total of 10,729 citizens voted on this poll.
in the second poll, which had 9,847 respondents, 70 per cent backed the governments move to link aadhaar with the permanent account number (pan) in its bid to increase the compliance level.
another 27 per cent opposed such linkage, while 3 per cent did not express their opinion.
the finance act, 2017, has made it a must for taxpayers to link their pan to the 12-digit aadhaar or the enrolment id at the time of application, to file their returns.
the government has also made it mandatory to have aadhaar before one can apply for pan, effective july 1, 2017.
such linkage in the long run will help the government establish that its subsidies are reaching the intended targets as the income tax department can verify the link between the beneficiary and the eligible income group.
the government is swearing by the utility value of aadhaar as one of the most effective tools of checking tax evasion and keeping tabs on black money.
according to the poll, some spoke of operators who go to the extent of selling the personal details in the market.
many suggested severe penalties including jail term for those found guilty of compromising the biometric and other information.
localcircles said it also spoke to some vendors who outlined their own concerns including the costs they have to incur in form of the money needed to become a licensed player and the high upfront investment in equipment.
some vendors also complained about the delay in payment of rs 100 per aadhaar card by the unique identification authority of india (uidai), the nodal agency entrusted with the job.
of late, the data leak vulnerability has assumed serious proportions, given the frequency of such breaches.
star cricketer m s dhoni found himself at the receiving end of one such data misuse which was attributed to the over-zealousness of an enrolment entity that let out his personal details.
the government stepped in after his wife sakshi flagged the matter to union it minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
there were also media reports about close to 13.
5 crore aadhaar accounts getting published on a website, highlighting vulnerabilities of the system.
the worries mainly revolve around the existing procedure to make an aadhaar card and access protocols provided to vendors such as banks, telecom operators and the like, the survey showed.
those who participated in the exercise felt that the uidai has its task cut out and should plug the gaps in respect of aadhaar information usage, access, sharing and retention.
b'chief minister t r zeliang is considering establishment of a separate high court in the state of nagaland said the chief ministers office.
(file) chief minister t r zeliang is considering establishment of a separate high court in the state of nagaland said the chief ministers office.
(file)the central government has sanctioned rs 340 crore two road projects for nagaland and also assured the state government to set up a separate high court for the state.
the centre has sanctioned rs 340 crore for dimapur-chumukedima and kohima check gate to lerie highway while the ministry of law and justice has assured chief minister t r zeliang to consider establishment of a separate high court in the state, a cmo release said on wednesday in kohima.
kohima has already been selected for the smart city project.
leading a team, the chief minister called on union law and justice minister ravishankarprasad prasad yesterday and apprised him of the need to have a separate high court for nagaland.
the state presently has a a bench of the guwahati high court.
the union minister gave zeliang a patient hearing and assured the chief minister that he would take up the matter for consideration of a separate high court for the state on a priority basis.
b'kirodi lal meena, 66, who quit the bjp a decade ago, is welcomed back into the party by rajasthan cm vasundhara raje.
with meena, who got an rs nomination, golma (his wife) and geeta verma too joined the bjp.
all three are npp mlas.
(express photo) kirodi lal meena, 66, who quit the bjp a decade ago, is welcomed back into the party by rajasthan cm vasundhara raje.
with meena, who got an rs nomination, golma (his wife) and geeta verma too joined the bjp.
all three are npp mlas.
(express photo)after renominating its union ministers to rajya sabha last week, the bjp announced a list of 18 candidates sunday that included fresh faces and newly inducted veterans, and sought to balance caste representation.
it includes former congress leader and former maharashtra cm narayan rane, rajasthans kirodi lal meena who rejoined the bjp sunday, and rajeev chandrashekhar who has been an independent mp in rajya sabha.
these nominations could potentially cause heartburn among bjp loyalists and hopefuls.
pm narendra modi and party chief amit shah, who took the final decision from a long list of aspirants, appear to have rewarded a young lot considered close to the top leadership.
while bjp national media cell head anil baluni will contest from his home state of uttarakhand, party spokesperson g v l narasimha rao has been fielded from uttar pradesh.
among the candidates from up, from where the party is in a position to elect eight mps, prominent is ashok bajpai.
he is one of the founder members of the samajwadi party and a seven-term mla.
bajpai, a brahmin leader from hardoi, joined the bjp last year.
harnath singh yadav, a former mlc, too came from the sp (in 2007); his yadav community is a strong support base of the sp.
read | congress list of 10 leaves out all outgoing mps, except singhvivijay pal singh tomar, another up candidate, is a prominent farmers leader.
kanta kardam belongs to the jatav community, a strong support base of the bsp.
another nomination from a backward group is sakal deep rajbhar, state executive member from balia, who belongs to the rajbhar caste that constitutes a large population in eastern up.
anil jain, bjp general secretary who handled haryana, will contest from up; saroj pandey, general secretary who handled maharashtra, is set to be elected from her home state, chhattisgarh.
the selection of meena, whose equations with rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje are known to have been strained, is seen as an initiative against perceived anti-incumbency.
with sachin pilot, a gujjar, leading the congress, the bjp is trying to consolidate the meena community, said bjp sources.
in haryana, the bjp has nominated d p vats, a retired lt general.
vats, who served in the jat regiment for five years, was also chairman of haryana public service commission during the last congress regime, and served as commandant of armed forces medical college, pune.
the decision to nominate v muraleedharan, former kerala state party chief, is seen as part of efforts to launch an aggressive mission in the state ruled by the left.
muraleedharans nomination  and likely election from maharashtra  could please the ezhavas, who represent a significant section of hindus in kerala.
the bjp has already formed an alliance with bharath dharma jana sena, the party formed by ezhava leader and leader of sree narayana dharma paripalana yogam.
there were reports that the party could offer the rs seat to bdjs leader tushar vellappally to placate the ally, miffed with the bjp for some time.
bjp sources said the decision to field muraleedharan and narayan rane could upset the two state units.
the party announced eight union ministers earlier, including finance minister arun jaitley (uttar pradesh) dharmendra pradhan (madhya pradesh) and ravishankarprasad prasad (bihar).
biharin bihar, where six seats are up for grabs, bjp ally jd(u) has now named mahendra prasad and b n singh.
jd(u) spokesperson k c tyagi might be in consideration later, for the seat held by sharad yadav.
the rjd has nominated its national spokesperson manoj kumar jha and owner of a private medical college, ashfaq karim, while the congress is eyeing the sixth seat with rjd support.
sources said the nominee could be former mp akhilesh singh.
sources said the nda might field a seventh candidate against the congress as it has 21 votes to spare and hopes to get support of three independents.
but the nda would still need 11 more.
there is where former pcc president ashok choudhary, who joined jd(u) recently, would be tested.
he can fuel dissidence in congress, said a jd(u) source.
b'union telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
union telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
government will conduct special audit of telecom companies, including bharti airtel, vodafone, reliance communications and idea cellular for three years to 2010-11, telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad said on friday.
government has decided to conduct special audit for three subsequent financial years 2008-09, 2009-10 and 2010-11.
the process is under way, prasad said in a written reply to the rajya sabha.
prasad said that the government conducted special audit of five major telecom companies in 2009 for financial year 2006-07 and 2007-08.
on the basis of this special audit demands for rs 1,846.
51 crore was issued.
all the demands were challenged in the courts by telecom companiesthese demands are subjudice till date, prasad said.
the comptoller and auditor general (cag) has said that government has suffered a loss rs 12,488.
93 crore as six private telecom operators understated gross revenue by rs 46,045.
75 crore from 2006-07 to 2009-10.
the financial impact due to understatement of gross revenue stood at rs 1,507.
25 crore for reliance communications, rs 1,357.
68 crore for tata teleservices, airtel (rs 1,066.
95 crore), vodafone (rs 749.
85 crore), idea (rs 423.
26 crore) and aircel (rs 107.
61 crore), the cag said.
the aadhaar and other laws (amendment) bill, 2019, which allows voluntary use of aadhaar as proof of identity to open bank accounts and procure mobile phone connections, was passed in the rajya sabha by a voice vote on monday.
several parties, including the trinamool congress and dmk, opposed the legislation citing various reasons, including apprehensions over data theft and the lack of a data protection law.
advertisingthe bill, which was introduced on june 24 to replace an ordinance issued in march, was passed by the lok sabha on july 4.
it provides for a penalty of rs 1 crore and a jail term for private entities in case of violation of provisions on aadhaar data.
it also gives children an option to exit the biometric id programme on attaining 18 years of age.
replying to a debate on the matter, minister of electronics and information technology ravishankarprasad prasad said aadhaar was a foolproof system and over 123 crore people were currently using it in the country.
advertisingallaying the oppositions fears on data leakages, prasad said the aadhaar system had enough safeguards to ensure privacy.
displaying his aadhaar card in the house, the minister said it does not give out any information on his medical records or details of caste, religion and community.
aadhaar data can only be shared if there is a threat to national security or a court order, prasad said.
for banks, it needs 256-bit inscription and for aadhaar data it is 2048-bit encryption, which is safe and secure and would not be breached, prasad said.
the government has cancelled licences of around 50,000 aadhaar centre operators for violations, he said.
replying to opposition charges that the bill was brought to circumvent an sc order on the aadhaar issue, prasad said parliament has the full right to formulate a new law.
this house and that house (rajya sabha and lok sabha) have powers to undo a judgment by removing the basis of the judgment, he said.
the minister said the data protection law was a work in progress.
we want to bring a comprehensive law.
we have the justice srikrishna committee report we are further doing some consultation with stakeholders in this regard, prasad said.
the justice srikrishna committee had submitted its report in july 2018.
opposing the bill, tks elangovan (dmk) alleged it has been brought just to supersede the supreme court judgement.
it is out of anger that the government has brought the bill.
ysr congress member v vijaysai reddy pointed out various loopholes, but said his party is supporting it out of compulsion.
cpis binoy viswam said the data from aadhaar would eventually reach the corporates.
we opposed it during the upa rule and we are still opposed to it, he said.
congress leader abhishek manu singhvi questioned the governments seriousness in bringing a law on data protection and said there was a sinister plan.
the government is avoiding data protection act, he alleged, saying that even the european union has taken up protection of data seriously.
he said there are several rights under the data protection law and aadhaar is vulnerable in the absence of the right to data portability, right to object and right to erase.
sukhendu sekhar ray of the trinamool congress expressed concern that the bill has been brought without scrutiny by any parliamentary panel.
this is the way the government is denigrating parliament day by day, he said.
b'bjp leader sushma swaraj on saturday sought to downplay the divergent views expressed by her and the party after the prime minister owned responsibility for the cvc fiasco,saying there was no difference of opinion and blamed limitations of words in twitter for it.
there is no difference within the party and between me and (arun) jaitley on the issue.
the demands he (jaitley) made,the prime minister had already spoken about it that he (singh) will give a statement in parliament.
that is why i did not put it on the twitter there is a constraint in twitter that you have to say things in 140 characters.
so i did not put it on twitter, she said.
she was responding when pointed out that after the prime ministers statement,she had said that the matter should end but jaitley and party spokesman ravishankarprasad prasad had maintained that it was not enough and singh needed to give a structured response in parliament.
newspapapers have tried to show difference between me and jaitley.
the only difference is that he demanded a statement from the pm in parliament.
in fact pm had said that he (singh) will make a statement in parliament, she sought to explain.
the prime minister yesterday told reporters in jammu that he accepted the responsibility concerning the cvc fiasco.
soon after,swaraj wrote on the twitter,i appreciate the statement of the prime minister owning responsibility for the appointment of cvc,which has been quashed by the supreme court.
i think this is enough.
let matters rest at this and we move forward.
b'the supreme court of india today rejected any independent probe in the death of judge bh loya (express photo by tashi tobgyal) the supreme court of india today rejected any independent probe in the death of judge bh loya (express photo by tashi tobgyal)the supreme court on thursday dismissed petitions seeking an independent probe into the death of special cbi judge brijmohan harikishan loya, who was hearing the sohrabuddin sheikh encounter case.
the apex court, ruling that the death was due to natural causes, observed that the petitioners tried to scandalise the judiciary.
a three-judge bench, headed by chief justice of india dipak misra and comprising justices a m khanwilkar and d y chandrachud, pronounced its verdict after hearing a clutch of petitions.
records show that loya died of a heart attack in nagpur, maharashtra, on december 1, 2014.
the petitioners, however, had moved the top court alleging he died under mysterious circumstances.
at the time of his death in 2014, he was hearing the sohrabuddin sheikh fake encounter case, in which bjp president amit shah was named an accused.
shah was later acquitted in the case.
what the supreme court said?
announcing the order, the top court said that the petitions were a veiled attempt to launch a frontal attack on the independence of the judiciary and that there is no reason to doubt the statements of sitting judge.
the bench also said that the petitioners conduct prima-facie constitutes criminal contempt, but the court would spare them of any contempt action.
pronouncing the verdict, the apex court said that attempts were made to scandalise the judiciary by levelling serious allegations against judicial officers and judges of the bombay high court.
there is no reason to doubt statements of four judges on circumstances leading to the death of loya and the documents placed on record and their scrutiny establishes that loyas death was due to natural cause, the sc bench said.
read | top quotes of the judgmentreactions to the judgmentreacting to the supreme courts judgment, congress said the judgment has left many questions unanswered and marks a sad day in indias history.
the verdict marks a sad day in indias history.
the supreme court verdict has left many questions unanswered.
there were discrepancies in the post-mortem report, even in recording the name of the victim properly, congress media in-charge randeep singh surjewala said.
asserting that the congress reiterates demand for an independent and fair probe into judge loyas death, surjewala said the issue of criminality or lack of it can only be decided through an investigation.
read | sad day in indias history, sc verdict leaves many questions unanswered, says congressrahul gandhi invisible hand behind loya pils, should apologise: bjpthe bjp alleged that congress president rahul gandhi was the invisible hand behind the petitions and demanded an apology from him and sonia gandhi for defaming its top leadership.
the congress president had tried to use the judiciary for the character assassination of the bjp chief, party spokesperson sambit patra said.
his colleague and union minister mukhtar abbas naqvi added that the supreme court verdict had demolished the congress efforts to defame the bjps top leadership and the party, rahul gandhi and sonia gandhi should apologise for the sin.
read | rahul gandhi used judiciary for character assassination of amit shah, says bjprahul gandhi should not fight political battles through corridors of court: ravishankarprasad prasadunion law minister ravishankarprasad prasad welcomed the verdict and alleged that the case was not activated to serve public interest but to serve the interests of congress and damage the interests of bjp and its chief amit shah in particular.
the court said political battles must be fought on political grounds.
it clearly means that the case was fought as political battle against our party president amit shah.
i urge rahul gandhi not to fight political battles through corridors of court, said prasad.
if youre doubting credentials of the judiciary, then you are also doubting the credentials of all the investigations & evidences.
i think rahul gandhi should apologise to amit shah: dr jitendra singh, mos pmo, on #judgeloya verdict pic.
twitter.com/gbasiad7ni  ani (@ani) april 19, 2018order shows judiciary cannot be misled: rajnath singhunion home minister rajnath singh said the apex courts order in the case has sent out a clear message that the judiciary cannot be misled by allegations based on political vendetta.
the minister, who posted a series of tweets, also came down heavily on several attempts to target the bjp and its top leaders through fake cases.
it is extremely unfortunate that there have been several attempts of targeting the bjp and assassinating the character of its top leaders on the basis of fake facts.
these attempts have failed miserably once again, he said on twitter.
the home minister said the order has also raised serious questions on the intention of filing such pils.
the supreme court has also cautioned against the misuse of courts in political tug of war.
the sc verdict gives a clear message that the judiciary can not be misled by allegations based on political vendetta, singh said.
the sc while dismissing the petition seeking independent investigation into judge loyas death, said that judges cant lie.
their word must be treated to be the gospel truth.
anyone who questions judges is guilty of contempt!
judges in their own cause?
https://t.
co/fifk7nmcos  prashant bhushan (@pbhushan1) april 19, 2018petitions seeking probe in the case filed with vested interests: mukul rohatgiformer attorney general mukul rohatgi said the pleas seeking probe into the death of loya were filed with vested interests and the purpose was to attack the functioning of the government.
welcoming the apex court, rohatgi said: the very fact that the judge died in the company of his colleagues shows that there is nothing wrong in the matter.
the manner in which these cases were argued is a classic case of contempt.
there are vested interests because they want to attack people collaterally and they used the judge for this purpose.
this is unacceptable.
he also attacked the caravan magazine which came out with the reports on judge loyas death more than three years after he passed away, saying that the magazine has made untruthful statements.
all the facts are wrong.
if a probe was ordered it would mean those 3-4 judges who were with judge loya that evening are telling lies.
can we allow that?
our judges are made of different metal, we cannot let this doubt prevail on our judges.
to believe that judges were speaking a lie is completely absurd.
why should anybody doubt them?
i hope these kind of things are not repeated.
this is not in line with the traditions of the supreme court, he said.
chronological order of events taking place in the casedecember 1, 2014: bs loya dies of cardiac arrest in nagpur, where he had gone to attend the wedding of a colleagues daughter.
november 2017: issue comes under spotlight after media reports quote his sister fuelling suspicion about the circumstances surrounding loyas death and its link to the sohrabuddin case.
january 11, 2018: supreme court agrees to hear two pleas seeking independent probe into loyas death.
january 12, 2018: supreme court terms serious matter the alleged mysterious death of loya, seeks response from maharashtra government.
january 16, 2018: supreme court says maharashtra government can decide which documents relating to the death of loya could be handed over to the petitioners.
january 22, 2018: terming serious the issues raised in the pleas on death of loya, sc transfers to itself two petitions related to loyas death from bombay high court.
january 31, 2018: former navy chief admiral (retd) l ramdas moves the supreme court seeking an independent inquiry into the matter by a panel of retired apex court judges and former police officers.
february 2, 2018: supreme court says it was concerned only with the death of loya and would not go into other aspects including amit shahs discharge in the sohrabuddin sheikh case.
february 5, 2018: a mumbai lawyers body decides to petition the supreme court, seeking cross-examination of 11 people, including two judges, in connection with loyas death.
febraury 9, 2018: maharashtra government opposes pleas seeking independent probe into the matter, terming them motivated and based on yellow journalism.
febraury 12, 2018: maharashtra government tells supreme court the statements of four judges, who were with loya on the last day of his life and had termed his death natural, were unimpeachable.
february 19, 2018: supreme court says it was treating loyas case with utmost seriousness and for a cause.
the same day senior advocates for petitioners say pressure being exerted on them to leave the case.
march 5, 2018: supreme court says change of roster in bombay high court a routine affair, adds questions should not be raised over the change in the judge hearing the sohrabuddin sheikh case in the high court.
march 8, 2018: supreme court takes umbrage over accusation by senior lawyer for casting aspersions on judges that they were only asking searching questions to those who brought the loya death case before it, and not to the maharashtra government.
march 9, 2018: maharashtra government comes down heavily on alleged accusations, bullying and browbeating of judges in the supreme court by some activist lawyers in the loya death case and said the judiciary and judicial officers need to be saved from such averments.
march 9, 2018: centre for public interest litigation, an intervenor ngo in the case, says loya may have died due to poisoning as he had complained of chest congestion.
march 12, 2018: a mumbai-based lawyers body brings on record in supreme court an order of the bombay high court to allege that one of the two judges, who had given statement in the loya death case, had ordered settlement of a criminal case against a top bjp leader in 2014.
march 16, 2018: supreme court reserves verdict on pleas for probe into loyas deathapril 19, 2018: supreme court dismisses pleas seeking an independent probe into the case, saying attempts were made to scandalise and malign the judiciary by levelling serious allegations against judicial officers and judges of bombay high court.
b'police personnel carry out a flag march in ludhiana on sunday.
(express photo/gurmeet singh) police personnel carry out a flag march in ludhiana on sunday.
(express photo/gurmeet singh)the call for an all-india bandh on monday by various dalit organisations, to protest against the supreme courts order banning automatic arrest and registration of cases for alleged harassment of scheduled castes and scheduled tribes, has put the punjab government on toes as the 32  of the states population consists of scs.
the captain amarinder singh-led state government announced that all public transport services would be temporarily suspended for the day.
educational institutions will remain closed and mobile internet services will be suspended in the state.
while the cbse exams will continue at selected centres, pseb practical exams will be rescheduled.
a large contingent of police force has been deployed at various parts of the state and the army has also been roped in.
punjab chief secy karan a singh, in a letter to the secretary, dept of defence, said, army in punjab to remain ready for any eventuality as state govt may need their assistance in maintaining law and order, reported ani.
the state government has also ordered the suspension of services on the mobile internet (2g/3g,4g/dcma), besides all sms services and dongle services provided on mobile networks, except voice calls from 5 pm today until 11 pm tomorrow, an official said.
chief minister amarinder singh has appealed to the dalit community to maintain peace and harmony in the state.
noting punjab had the highest population of scheduled castes in the country, constituting nearly 32 percent of states population, a statement issued from the cms office, said that his government accords the highest priority to ensure their all-round welfare and committed to safeguard their interests.
read | sc/st atrocities act protests: educational institutions in punjab to remain shut, public transport suspended tomorrowmeanwhile in mumbai, protestors had earlier said that a symbolic march would be carried out from dadars kotwal udyan to chaityabhoomi on the day of the bandh.
why are the dalits protesting?
the apex courts verdict is seen as diluting the scheduled castes and the scheduled tribes (prevention of atrocities) act, 1989, which protects the marginalised communities against discrimination and atrocities.
the order has sparked fears that it would lead to increased discrimination against the sts and scs.
contending that there was a rising sense of insecurity among dalits and other backward classes after the apex court verdict, various dalit outfits joined hands on saturday to raise a call for a bharat bandh on april 2.
on friday, representatives of the outfits who have declared support to the protest met in dadar to discuss plans for the protest.
the protesting groups argued that a decision to hold the bharat bandh had been taken after the bjp-led government did not respond to the demand for seeking a review of the sc judgment.
supporters of the bandhpolitical outfits  the prakash ambedkar-led bharip bahujan mahasangh, the peasants and workers party, the janata dal, and the communist party of india  and left-backed unions including the centre of indian trade unions have come out in support of the protest.
the rashtriya seva dal, the jati aant sangharsh samiti, the sanvidhan sanvardhan samiti, and national dalit movement for justice, among others have also joined the protest.
the indian national congress has also decided to extend its support to the protest against the apex court verdict.
review petition in courtin its review petition to be filed in the top court on monday, the ministry of social justice and empowerment is likely to say that the sc order will weaken the provisions of the scheduled castes and the scheduled tribes (prevention of atrocities) act, 1989, sources in the government said.
the ministry could also plead that the latest order would reduce the fear of law and may result in more violations, the sources said.
the review petition against the judgement will be filed positively tomorrow, union minister ravishankarprasad prasad said on sunday.
a delegation of ndas sc and st mps, led by ljp chief ram vilas paswan and union social justice minister thawarchand gehlot, had last week met prime minister narendra modi to discuss the apex courts judgment diluting provisions of the sc-st atrocities act.
mr gehlot recently wrote to mr prasad about a review plea against the supreme court verdict.
he noted that there were concerns that the order would make the law ineffective and adversely impact dispensation of justice to dalits and tribals.
the triple talaq bill, passed thrice by the lok sabha over the last 19 months, finally received the approval of the rajya sabha on tuesday amid walkouts by bjp allies jd(u) and aiadmk.
advertisingthe muslim women (protection of rights of marriage) bill, 2019, which makes the practice of instant triple talaq a penal offence, and for which ordinances were issued three times, was cleared by the house with 99 votes in favour and 84 opposing it.
follow live updates herethe rajya sabha had earlier rejected an opposition-sponsored motion to send the bill to a rajya sabha select committee with 100 votes against it as compared to 84 in favour.
lok sabha had passed the triple talaq bill last week with 303 votes in favour and 82 opposed, where there was high drama when sps mohammad azam khan made objectionable remarks about bjps rama devi, who was chairing the proceedings.
advertisingonce granted assent by the president, the practice of instant divorce by muslim men will be punishable by a jail term of up to three years.
while nearly 20 opposition mps, including five each from congress and samajwadi party, were not present during voting, abstention by bsp and trs also helped the government get its legislation through in the upper house where the ruling party does not enjoy a majority.
fence-sitter bjd supported the legislation.
the ruling nda has 107 members in the 242-member rajya sabha.
an archaic and medieval practice has finally been confined to the dustbin of history!
parliament abolishes triple talaq and corrects a historical wrong done to muslim women.
this is a victory of gender justice and will further equality in society.
india rejoices today!
narendra modi (@narendramodi) july 30, 2019triple talaq bill a victory of gender justice, says pm modicalling it a historical step, prime minister narendra modi said passage of the triple talaq bill was a victory of gender justice and would further equality in society.
an archaic and medieval practice has finally been confined to the dustbin of history!
parliament abolishes triple talaq and corrects a historical wrong done to muslim women.
this is a victory of gender justice and will further equality in society.
india rejoices today!
pm modi tweeted.
i thank all parties and mps who have supported the passage of the muslim women (protection of rights on marriage) bill, 2019 in both houses of parliament.
they have risen to the occasion and this step of theirs will forever be remembered in indias history.
narendra modi (@narendramodi) july 30, 2019modi further said the abolition of triple talaq would contribute to women empowerment.
this is an occasion to salute the remarkable courage of those muslim women who have suffered great wrongs just due to the practice of triple talaq.
the abolition of triple talaq will contribute to women empowerment and give women the dignity they deserve in our society, modi said.
triple talaq bill politically motivated, says congressthe debate that went on for almost five hours witnessed a slugfest between law minister ravishankarprasad prasad and leader of the opposition ghulam nabi azad, who termed the bill a politically motivated move to destroy muslim households.
justifying the three-year jail term for muslim men, prasad said the government could not leave in lurch women who have been divorced by triple talaq via whatsapp or other such means.
replying to azad, the law minister cited the shah bano case and said the congress leader should think of why his party could never win a majority following the peak of 400-plus seats it won in 1984 lok sabha polls.
i am a minister of the narendra modi government and not rajiv gandhi government.
more than 20 islamic nations have regulated triple talaq prasad said.
azad said the opposition had been forced to vote against the bill after the government did not accept their demand to send it to a select committee and make triple talaq a civil offence.
under opposition pressure, the government had included certain safeguards in the bill, such as adding a provision for bail for the accused during trial.
a provision was added to allow the magistrate to grant bail after hearing the wife.
supreme court struck down triple talaq in 2017a five-judge bench of the supreme court had struck down instant triple talaq in a complex, layered, split verdict in august 2017.
last week, in the lok sabha, prasad said since january 2017 as many as 574 triple talaq cases and since the supreme court order, more than 300 such cases were reported by the media.
three of the five judges on the constitution bench  justices rohinton f nariman, uday u lalit and kurian joseph  called the practice un-islamic and arbitrary and disagreed with the view that triple talaq was an integral part of religious practice.
advertisingbut the minority ruling of chief justice j s khehar and justice s abdul nazeer underlined the primacy of muslim personal law and said the practice enjoyed constitutional protection and was beyond the scope of judicial scrutiny.
b'sgpcs controversial move honouring family members of the two assassins of general a s vaidya in the golden temple complex came in for attack from congress as well as bjp today.
bjp,sharing power with the shiromani akali dal in punjab,criticised the move with its chief spokesman ravishankarprasad prasad dubbing it regrettable and unjustifiablemaking it clear that politics on such a sensitive issue will not be tolerated,congress warned that those who will fool around with serious subject like terrorism,.
will have to pay.
it is for the punjab government to sort it out if these kind of schizhophrenic statements are coming out,party spokesperson renuka chowdhary said when asked to react over the move,which is being confirmed by the shiromani gurdwara prabandhak committee (sgpc),but denied by the state government.
the move has come amid a raging debate over raising of a memorial for those killed during operation blue star in 1984.
the kin of harjinder singh jinda and sukhdev singh sukha,who were executed on october nine,1992,were honoured by the shiromani gurudwara prabhandhak committee at the akal takht,the highest temporal seat of the sikhs,two days back.
the sgpc,controlled by the ruling sad,also hailed the generals killers as sikh martyrs sparking a row.
the sgpc organised an akhand path at the akal takht to mark the 20th execution anniversary of the two assassins.
the function was presided over by sgpc secretary dalmegh singh.
gen vaidya was the chief of army staff when operation blue star was launched by the army to flush out militants led by jarnail singh bhindrawale from the golden temple.
a number of militants,soldiers and pilgrims were killed during the operation.
sukha and jinda had assassinated general vaidya in 1986 in pune where he had settled down after his retirement.
they were hanged in 1992 and since 93 the sgpc has been been organising their death anniversary every year on october nine and honouring their family members.
the sgpc presented shiropas (robes of honour) to sukhas mother surjit kaur and jindas brother bhupinder singh on the occasion yesterday.
arun jaitley as a star debater at delhi university, a rising student political leader, a prisoner during the emergency and a media-savvy personality  the late union ministers friends from college and political life and the legal fraternity bid him goodbye at a memorial meet at the india international centre monday.
advertisingunion minister ravishankarprasad prasad, former attorney generals soli j sorabjee and mukul rohatgi, former solicitor general ranjit kumar, lawyer raian karanjawala and journalist navika kumar were among those present.
sorabjee recalled how jaitley had initially turned down the position of additional solicitor general in the 1990s.
very few people are aware prime minister vishwanath pratap singh was very happy about aruns performance in the bofors scam case.
he wanted to appoint him additional solicitor general and asked me to convey this decision to him guess what was his reaction?
he did not grab the offer, but politely declined saying he was very young.
that was humility in action, sorabjee said.
jaitley was later appointed asg.
advertisingprasad said he first met jaitley in 1973 in ahmedabad, when he had just joined abvp.
he began in the public life first as a simple worker and lawyer, and became a towering figure professionally.
he was also one of the leaders in the vajpayee government to understand the need for reforms, he said.
former solicitor general of india, ranjit kumar said jaitley loved hindi film music.
if you were to tell him about a movie or a song sequence, he would tell you exactly what happened before and after the song.
he had an elephantine memory, whether it was 1960 or now, he said.
on monday, the telecom regulatory authority of india (trai) reiterated its stance on the issue of spectrum pricing, including that of 5g, for the upcoming auctions.
this was in response to the digital communications commission, the apex decision-making body of the department of telecommunications, which had sought a review of the trais august 2018 recommendations on the auction of spectrum.
the commissions call for reviewing the trais recommendations came amid concerns over the financial health of telcos, and worries that demand for spectrum is likely to be muted as consolidation in the sector has effectively left only three private telecom service providers.
but, in its response, trai has stayed with its earlier position, stating that all relevant factors, such as the methodology, assumptions, as well as developments between the spectrum auction held in october 2016 and its recommendations, released in august 2018, have been considered.
advertisingover the years, the telecom sector has been a major source of revenue for the government.
and at a time when the centre is struggling to meet its revenue targets, higher proceeds from spectrum auctions could provide the much-needed boost to government coffers.
but the temptation of revenue maximisation should be resisted when there are legitimate concerns over the financial health of the sector.
aggressive bidding by telcos in the 3g auctions in 2010 marked a turning point in the industrys fortunes.
as a result of the pile-up in debt, highly indebted telcos exercised restraint in the 2016 spectrum sale, with the government realising only rs 65,789 crore as revenue against rs 5.
63 trillion (base price) worth of spectrum that had been put up for sale.
the price war, which began in september 2016, only exacerbated the already precarious financial position of incumbents.
their deteriorating finances have also taken a toll on the governments revenue.
in 2018-19, the centre was able to collect only rs 39,245 crore through licence fees and spectrum usage charges, as against the initial target of rs 48,661 crore.
in comparison, it had collected rs 70,241 crore in 2016-17.
while average revenues per user (arpus) have risen of late, a turnaround is still some time away.
with precarious finances, a repeat of the 2016 auction is a possibility.
at such high prices, cash-strapped operators will find it difficult to bid, without sinking even more into debt.
this could impact their capital expenditure, leaving them with fewer resources to invest in towers and fibre optics.
acknowledging the issues plaguing the sector, the telecom minister, ravishankarprasad prasad, has recently set up a panel to rationalise levies, and to look into other issues.
while it might be difficult to set aside trais recommendations, the government would do well to think carefully through the implications of the recommendations, before rushing to auction high-priced spectrum.
chief justice of india j s khehar(file photo) chief justice of india j s khehar(file photo)the credibility of the legal system and the rule of law have come under severe strain in the absence of timely help to poor and illiterate indians, chief justice of india j s khehar said today.
the cji made the observations while highlighting the importance of para legal volunteers (plv) who, according to him, enabled ordinary and helpless people to avail the benefits of the legal system for alleviating their sufferings and injustice.
in the absence of timely help to most indians, the credibility of the legal system and the rule of law comes under severe strain, he said, stressing that the poor and illiterate indian were the main clients of the justice system.
law and justice minister ravishankarprasad prasad, who also spoke at the two-day national meet of para legal volunteers here, emphasised the use of technology in providing access and administration of justice.
inaugurating two-day national meet, the cji said the service to poor was a super divine duty being carried out by the volunteers, which was move than the divine duty discharged by the judges.
the last-mile connectivity for a villager under the plv scheme was not the lawyers but the plvs working under the competent legal authorities which impart awareness of laws and legal system to them, he said.
when the disputes are such that they are beyond the capacity of these volunteers who have basic training in law, they approach the nearest legal services authority for a dispute settlement mechanism like lok adalat, mediation or more formal legal remedies.
these volunteers trained under the 2009 para legal volunteer scheme act as filters relating to the number and nature of disputes that need to be formally and institutionally dealt with by the legal services.
para legal volunteers save time and money of the poor, the official administration and the courts, justice khehar said.
lauding nalsas poverty allevation scheme, he said it ensured that the benefits of various anti-poverty schemes of the central and the state governments actually reach the intended beneficiaries.
emphasising the need for restructuring its approach and design, the cji favoured skill-driven plvs who can properly research and investigate facts or laws related to a case.
in fact, this will develop para legal volunteer as multi skilled individual and enhance his or her performance as the critical interface between the common litigant and the courts by a process of upgradation that opens more opportunity for them, he said.
the minister emphasised the need for increasing use of technology in the judicial process.
time is changing fast and with the changing times, we have to change our technology.
technology is a very important tool in the administration of justice.
in a country of 125 crore people, 108 crore people have mobile phones, among whom 35 crore have smart phones, which will very fast reach 50 crore figure, prasad said.
he said 113 crore people have aadhaar cards but refused to speak on it further saying the matter was sub-judice.
noting that good governance can be delivered with the help of technology, he said with governments scheme of common service centre (csc), people in villages and in small towns could avail digital services like making of ration cards, pan cards, aadhaar cards or booking of railway tickets.
we have decided to link the csc with the access to justice.
now these centres could help dalit women, kashmiri women and people from north east to get access to justice, he said, adding that cscs were being opened in 1,000 panchayats of uttar pradesh and bihar and soon 800 such centres will be opened in jammu and kashmir and the north east.
justice dipak misra, the executive chairman of nalsa, said this year has been dedicated as the year of excellence to access to justice through para-legal volunteers.
through these legal volunteers, the poor people of the country will be able know about government schemes and seek redressal of their grievances, he said.
several supreme court judges, high court judges and judicial officers from various trial courts across the country were also present at the event.
union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
(express photo by prem nath pandey) union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
(express photo by prem nath pandey)the government on thursday cited the earlier congress regimes unfair treatment of the judiciary to counter the opposition partys criticism of the bjp-led central government over its decision to ask the supreme court to reconsider its recommendation to elevate justice k m joseph to the apex court.
the government is led by narendra modi, rajnath singh, sushma swaraj, arun jaitley and ravishankarprasad prasad and many others who had fought against emergency and suffered for individual freedom, freedom of media and the independence of judiciary.
the congress should stop lecturing us, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said.
the congress partys record of giving unfair treatment and in many ways of unfair treatment of judiciary is well known.
the whole record of the congress is littered with repeated instances of superseding judges who were found to be inconvenient, and censorship, prasad said, reacting to the congresss attack on the governments move.
read | modi govt wants to pack courts with people of their choice: congressrecalling how justices j m shelat, k s hegde and a n grover were superseded during congress rule before the emergency, the minister said: the legendary judge justice h r khanna, who gave the dissenting judgment in adm jabalpur case and upheld the freedom during the emergency, was denied the position of cji for two months and superseded by a junior.
the real provocation of the imposition of the emergency was the judgment of allahabad high court unseating indira gandhi.
read | govt has struck at the very heart of judicial freedom: former cji rm lodhasenior bjp leaders dismissed suggestions that justice k m josephs name had not been cleared by the government because of his 2016 ruling quashing presidents rule in congress-ruled uttarakhand.
it is regrettable to suggest that justice joseph is being singled out because of his 2016 ruling.
it is a completely infructuous argument for the simple reason that the bjp is in power with two-thirds majority in the state despite that judicial setback, said a senior bjp leader.
justice j s khehar had struck down njac, the narendra modi governments prime legislation on judicial accountability, in 2015, but the government did not hold it against him and try to put a spanner in his elevation as chief justice of india.
it was a judicial decision and the party took it in that spirit, he added.
read | govt arguments against justice km joseph do not hold water, say criticssenior bjp leaders, who had watched appointments in the higher judiciary during the upa regime, claimed how the congress-led upa government had segregated justice c k prasads name from the composite recommendation along with justices t s thakur and swatanter kumar in 2009.
justice c k prasad was elevated to the supreme court a year later.
likewise, bjp sources claimed that one needs to look at appointments to the high courts in 2012 and 2013 during the upa regime when the composite recommendations were segregated.
b'goa chief minister manohar parrikar.
express photo by prem nath pandey.
goa chief minister manohar parrikar.
express photo by prem nath pandey.
in a video message issued by his office monday evening, goa chief minister manohar parrikar thanked goans for their prayers and sought absence for his treatment.
i thank you goans.
for the last fortnight, you prayed, and because of your blessings, i have recovered now and am heading to mumbai.
if doctors advise, then i may be go abroad for full recovery to cure my ailment.
i hope you continue to bless me, and also allow me to take a few days holidays, parrikar said in the message.
the chief ministers office has said in a statement that he would continue his treatment at lilavati hospital in mumbai and based on doctors advice will travel overseas for further treatment.
parrikar chaired a meeting monday morning where the governments administrative functioning in his absence was discussed.
for the next six weeks, parrikar will attend cabinet meetings through video conferencing, said officials.
for now, a three-member committee has been decided upon.
every ministrys fund allocation comes to the cm for approval.
it will have francis d souza (bjp), and allies sudin dhavalikar (mgp) and vijai sardesai (goa forward) taking crucial decisions, where funds need to be allocated, confirmed a official from cmo.
on monday, the cm left in a private chartered flight and was admitted to lilavati hospital in the evening.
according to chief operating officer dr ravishankarprasad , he underwent few tests and a detailed check-up.
he is stable.
we are yet to decide future line of action, including whether he will travel abroad for further treatment, he said.
message to the people from chief minister @manoharparrikar pic.
twitter.com/atjndi5sqh  cmo goa (@goacm) march 5, 2018party sources confirmed monday that the family is in touch with doctors in the us and the cm is expected to leave soon.
the final dates will be decided by the lilavati team as they have narrowed down on a good medical care facility in us, said a senior bjp leader.
parrikar holds important portfolios like industry, education, environment and forest, finance, home, and before he left on a medical leave, he appointed a administrative team of bureaucrats to look at the functioning of cmo.
bjp sources said files of all ministries will come to the ministers committee.
the committee will look into proposals and will have temporary powers to sanction any work order upto rs 5 crore.
all reports will be updated to the cm weekly, said an official.
in a press briefing soon after the cm left for mumbai, state congress chief shantaram naik said the conduct of cabinet meetings through video conferencing was not acceptable.
we wish him well but the cm should come out with a clear statement on his health.
the current arrangement is unconstitutional, naik said.
prime minister modi with communications and information technology minister ravishankarprasad prasad and minister of state for youth affairs and sports sarbananda sonowal.
mr. modi said that india too was preparing to host the u-17 world cup.
(source: pti)joining millions of football lovers across the world, indian prime minister narendra modi on 12 june released commemorative postage stamps on the 2014 fifa world cup and hoped that the international event becomes a bridgefor connecting nations.
he used to occasion to underline the need inculcating the love of sports among children within the country with his slogan jo khele, wo hi khile (those who play develop well).
sports brings about a spirit of amity and belongingness among nations of the world.
may the fifa world cup become abridge for connecting nations together, modi said while releasing the stamps at his residence.
recalling indias glorious history in football as it was a prominent sport across the country at one point of time, he said india too is preparing to host the under-17 fifa world cup.
he urged the department of posts to develop a website on the history of indian football.
noting that commentary especially radio commentary played a key role in enhancing the popularity of cricket, the prime minister emphasised on developing the art of commentary in other sports as well.
referring to the term sportsman spirit, the prime minister referred to the toil and penance of countless sports persons across the world, which gave the term universal acceptance and recognition in a positive sense.
if there is no sport, how can there be sportsman spirit in society.
sportsman spirit is a lubricant for the health ofthe society which is essential for it to prosper, he said.
modi released the stamps just before the month-long fifa world cup in brazil.
the function was attended by several prominent sporting icons including k. malleswari, rajyavardhan singh rathore, sunil chhetri, sushil kumar, ajit pal singh, chunni goswami, subrat bhattacharya, and kirti azad.
praful patel, president, all india football federation, anurag thakur were also present while communications and information technology minister ravishankarprasad prasad and minister of state for youth affairs and sports sarbananda sonowal also spoke on the occasion.
the country is undergoing a digital transformation backed by 108 crore mobile phones, 50 crore internet users and 111 crore aadhaar holders, it and electronics minister ravishankarprasad prasad said.
(source: express photo) the country is undergoing a digital transformation backed by 108 crore mobile phones, 50 crore internet users and 111 crore aadhaar holders, it and electronics minister ravishankarprasad prasad said.
(source: express photo)national institute of electronics and information technology (nielit) today launched a programme to train small and medium traders in various modes of digital payments.
nielit, under the ministry of it and electronics, would conduct the programme through five regional workshops, 30 state workshops and 100 digi dhan campaigns.
at the regional level, the programme will be rolled out in delhi, jaipur, kolkata, chennai and mumbai.
we need to recognise that this is the changing face of india.
the country is undergoing a digital transformation backed by 108 crore mobile phones, 50 crore internet users and 111 crore aadhaar holders, it and electronics minister ravishankarprasad prasad said while launching the initiative.
watch what else is making news:this comes at a time when the government is pushing for increased adoption of digital transactions post demonetisation.
prasad added that demonetisation should be seen as transformative and not a standalone programme, as it has been effective in clamping down on corruption, terror funding and money laundering.
he urged the trading and business community to turn digital transactions into a national movement.
the training programme is aimed at enabling adoption of digital payment mechanisms such as unified payments interface, unstructured supplementary service data, and aadhaar-enabled payment system by the trading community.
about 13,500 small and medium unorganised/self organised businesses/ traders are targeted, an official release said.
the confederation of all india traders (cait) would be mobilising traders and trade union leaders for training on digital payment initiatives.
union minister for law ravishankarprasad prasad.
pti photo union minister for law ravishankarprasad prasad.
pti photothe union government on sunday launched tele-law  a programme aimed at providing legal aid services in rural areas through digital technology.
the programme is a continuation to the access to justice project to marginalised persons implemented by undp in 2008.
the pilot project is being undertaken by the ministry of law and justice in collaboration with the ministry of electronics and information technology and will be launched across 1000 common service centres (csc) in uttar pradesh and bihar and 500 cscs will be tested in its first phase.
among the services offered will be video conferencing with lawyers so as to enable people seeking legal advice and counselling.
a panel of lawyers from state capitals will also be provided via the national legal services authority (nalsa).
legal school clinics, district legal service authorities, voluntary service providers and non-government organisations working on legal aid and empowerment can also be connected through cscs at the panchayat level.
a direct and first contact for people seeking legal advice would be the para legal volunteers (plv) engaged by the csc who would assist and help people understand the legal issues and elucidate on the advice given by lawyers.
the scheme plans to appoint 1000 women plvs who would work through cscs with the agenda to promote women participation and empowerment.
available in a csc for 10 days a month, the trained volunteers would connect people with lawyers through video conferencing and record the progress of the applicants cases and grievances.
further, they would be required to submit their maintained records to the district legal service authority every week.
announcing the launch of tele-law, law and justice minister ravishankarprasad prasad said, tele-law will fulfill our commitment to ensure access to justice & empowerment of the poor.
the common services centers and para legal volunteers will offer easy legal advice to litigants in rural india making them digitally and financially inclusive.
at the express adda in mumbai, wednesday.
(express photo) at the express adda in mumbai, wednesday.
(express photo)union minister for communications and information technology ravishankarprasad prasad on wednesday asserted that the government is not using the amended provisions of the information technology act as a tool to gag free speech or curtail freedom of expression online.
speaking at the express adda in mumbai, prasad said, we, who are in public life, should learn to enjoy humour, cartoon and fun.
it is part of public life.
but having said that, i must reiterate that on the issue of terrorism, extremism and communal violence, authorities need to intervene to avoid very serious situations.
prasad also defended minister of state sanjeev balyan, who has demanded a probe to find out who all consumed the cow meat that was allegedly found outside the house of mohammad akhlaq, who was lynched over suspicion of cow slaughter and beef consumption eight months ago in dadris bisara village.
watch video: whats making newsi dont think he (balyan) has joined the clamour (for a case against akhlaqs family for alleged cow slaughter).
he is a local mp of the adjoining part, maybe he would have made some commenthe has not joined any protest there per se, said prasad.
balyan had made the demand after a forensic test confirmed that the meat sample recovered from outside akhlaqs house belonged to cow or its progeny.
right from the prime minister to everyone, we have condemned what happened in dadri and we stand very firmly.
but the issue had to be handled as a law and order (one) by the state government.
the failure of the state government of mulayam singh and akhilesh cannot be passed on to us, said prasad.
on setting up payments bank by the department of posts, prasad said at least fifty 50 national and international consortiums have shown interest in partnering with the postal department.
the government is planning to launch 650 branches of payments bank of the post by september 2017, which, according to the minister, will help in financial inclusion of those without bank accounts.
it will be a great platform for financial inclusion in the rural hinterland.
we just got the approval and barclays of london, deutsche bank of germany, citibank, world bank, all are keen to partner with us, said prasad.
interestingly, three out of 11 applicants who were given in-principle approval to set up payments banks by the rbi in august 2015 have pulled out of the race.
prasad said the ambitious bharatnet project of the government may be delayed even as the government has laid 1.
20 lakh km of optical fibres in the country in the last two years.
the bharatnet project, earlier known as the national optical fibre network, was initiated in 2011 and has already missed several deadlines.
the project was to provide broadband connectivity to over 2 lakh gram panchayats.
it aims to leverage the existing fibre optical network of central utilities  bsnl, railtel and power grid  and lay incremental fibre wherever necessary to bridge the connectivity gap between panchayats and blocks.
bharat broadband network ltd, a special purpose vehicle, was created under the companies act of 1956 for execution of the project.
b'file photo: prime minister narendra modi with his sri lankan counterpart ranil wickremesinghe before a meeting at hyderabad house in new delhi on thursday.
pti photo by vijay verma file photo: prime minister narendra modi with his sri lankan counterpart ranil wickremesinghe before a meeting at hyderabad house in new delhi on thursday.
pti photo by vijay vermathe cabinet was on wednesday informed about a memorandum of understanding (mou) signed between india and sri lanka for promoting co-operation in information technology (it) and electronics field.
the pact was signed on january 15, 2018 during the visit of minister of electronics and information technology ravishankarprasad prasad to sri lanka.
an official release said that the cabinet meeting chaired by prime minister narendra modi has been apprised of a mou between india and sri lanka for promoting co-operation in the field of information technology and electronics.
the mou aims to promote co-operation in the areas such as e-governance, m-governance, electronics-public services delivery, cyber security, software technology parks, startups ecosystem, among others.
it will be implemented by constituting a working group comprising representatives from both the sides, the release added.
bilateral co-operation in ict domain both b2b (business to business) and g2g (government to government) will be enhanced, the statement noted.
stating that people of the country have rejected the policy of arrogance, dynasty and inheritance, bjp on monday advised the congress to reconcile itself to sit in the opposition.
four days ahead of counting of votes for lok sabha election, bjp today lauded the voters of the country for coming out in large numbers to elect a stable, effective and decisive government.
this is an election of hope and not of emotion.
the policy of arrogance, dynasty and inheritance is being rejected by the people of india and the politics of initiative, hard work and accomplishments based upon the record of good governance is being rewarded by the people, bjp leader ravishankarprasad prasad said.
giving unsolicited advice to the congress party, he said, dynasty cannot deliver victory.
the congress should understand.
please reconcile yourself to be in opposition, otherwise you will face difficulties.
in a veiled attack on the nehru-gandhi family, prasad said, you cant flaunt your inheritance and achievements of your forefathers attained 20 to 30 years ago.
people are asking questions on what you have to comment on the present.
taking a swipe at bihar chief minister nitish kumar, he said his hidden desire for the prime ministers post will remain and claimed he has been marginalised in this election.
he said questions are being raised on jd(u)s poor performance.
it is evident that the real interest is not in preventing cruelty to animals but rather, in protecting cattle for other reasons.
(illustration by subrata dhar) it is evident that the real interest is not in preventing cruelty to animals but rather, in protecting cattle for other reasons.
(illustration by subrata dhar)the centres decision on friday to ban the sale and purchase of cattle for slaughter at cattle markets evoked strong reactions.
political leaders from different states have both hailed and opposed the decision.
states like tamil nadu and kerala organised beef fests in protest whereas, in uttar pradesh, cow shelters welcomed the decision, saying the new rule would curb rampant theft and smuggling of cattle.
the centres move is considered to be a big blow for meat suppliers across the country.
the environment ministry notified the regulation of livestock market rules under the prevention of cruelty to animals act.
according to these rules, no person shall bring a cattle to an animal market unless upon arrival he has furnished a written declaration signed by the owner of the cattle or his duly authorised agent stating that the cattle has not been brought to the market for sale for slaughter.
here are the political reactions from across the country:kerala cm pinarayi vijayan kerala cm pinarayi vijayanpinarayi vijayan: kerala chief minister pinarayi vijayan wrote a letter to pm modi on saturday, staunchly opposing the centres decision and said such restrictions go against the principles of secularism and federalism as enshrined in the constitution.
the absence of efforts to take the states into confidence on such a drastic move with far reaching consequences is detrimental to our democracy.
i am afraid it amounts to an intrusion into the rights of the states in our federal structure.
the introduction of such restrictions in a hasty manner would certainly prove to be a challenge in upholding our plurality, the essence of our nation, read the letter to pm modi.
he said the rules impose unreasonable restrictions on the fundamental right to carry on any trade or occupation under article 19 (1) (g) of the constitution.
they also violate the basic right of a person to freedom of choice regarding his food, he said.
west bengal chief minister west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee (file photo)mamata banerjee: west bengal cm mamata banerjee on monday said that she would request the centre to not interfere in the matter and destroy the federal structure, adding that her government would not accept this order and would challenge it legally and constitutionally.
the government of west bengal had earlier disapproved of the centres move to ban the sale of cattle from animal markets meant for slaughter, saying that such a decision cannot be taken unilaterally in a federal structure.
m.
k stalin: dmk leader m k stalin called for a protest in chennai on wednesday against the centres recent decision to ban trade of cattle for slaughter in animal markets.
earlier, the dmk had called for repealing the beef ban law, saying it infringes on the right of every citizen to make their food choices.
he had also asked the bjp government to recuse itself from endangering the pluralism by instituting monolithic laws.
while tamil nadu chief minister k palaniswami said he will comment on the centres ban on cattle sale after going through the notification.
union minister mankeja gandhi.
(file) union minister mankeja gandhi.
(file)maneka gandhi: union minister maneka gandhi defended the governments decision, saying that the new rule will ensure prevention of cruelty towards animals.
gandhi, who is also an animal rights activist, added, animal markets were started for farmers so that they could sell their cattle to other farmers.
so if i have a cow and a calf and i dont want to keep the calf, then i can sell it in the market.
puducherry chief minister v narayanasamy puducherry chief minister v narayanasamyv narayanasamy: puducherry chief minister v narayanasamy slammed the ban saying government has no right to impose restrictions on food habits of people, calling it autocratic and a clear case of infringement on the rights of people relating to food habits.
ravi shankar prasad: law minister and senior bjp leader slammed the congress over the recent slaughter of a calf in public view in kerala, allegedly by youth congress workers protesting against the centre.
he said, this is shameful and in many ways provocative.
political opposition happens but it is unfortunate that such an act has been committed, that too by youth congress workers.
emphasising digital inclusion for digital india, union minister of law and justice ravishankarprasad prasad on thursday inaugurated three welfare initiatives that would facilitate access to justice for the poor.
prasad launched the schemes, namely, pro-bono (in public interest) legal services, tele-law service and nyaya mitra, which aim to connect those in need of legal aid with lawyers through use of technology.
under the pro-bono legal services, lawyers can register themselves to volunteer pro-bono services for litigants who are unable to afford it.
tele-law service seeks to connect litigants with lawyers through video conferencing facilities.
under nyaya mitra, a retired judicial officer, or an executive officer with judicial experience, will be put in charge of assisting those suffering due to judicial delays.
the government on wednesday constituted a group of ministers (gom) to look into development, economic and social issues in the union territories of jammu and kashmir and ladakh that will come into existence on october 31.
advertisinggovernment sources said law minister ravishankarprasad prasad, social justice and empowerment minister thawar chand gehlot, agriculture minister narendra singh tomar, minister for the pmo jitendra singh and petroleum minister dharmendra pradhan are part of the group.
the gom will look into issues concerning jammu and kashmir after abrogation of article 370, granting special status to the state, and its bifurcation into union territories.
the group will suggest various development, economic and social steps to be taken for the two uts, sources said.
advertisingunder the jammu and kashmir reorganisation act 2019, which was passed by parliament this month, the two union territories  jammu and kashmir, and ladakh  will come into existence on october 31.
the first meeting of the gom will be held in the first week on september, sources said.
on tuesday, secretaries of at least 15 central ministries and departments met to discuss ways to carry forward the process of bifurcation of jammu and kashmir into uts and bring back normalcy as early as possible.
the meeting assessed the implementation of central schemes in jammu and kashmir and initiatives to be taken to expedite return of normalcy, a home ministry official said.
development programmes and division of assets and manpower were the key areas of discussion in tuesdays meeting, the official said.
the meeting also discussed measures to be taken for stocking essential commodities, particularly in the ladakh region, before the onset of the winter, the official said.
narendra modi with j jayalalithaa at a meeting in new delhi on tuesday.
(source: pti)tamil nadu chief minister j jayalalithaa on tuesday met prime minister narendra modi and signalled that the aiadmk could provide issue-based support to his government in the rajya sabha where it is in a minority.
keen to re-establish its friendly ties with the dravidian party, the bjp too walked the extra mile sending three of its ministers, including ravishankarprasad prasad, to tamil nadu house to meet and greet her.
jayalalithaa and modi  known to share a good rapport with each other  had crossed swords during the election campaign.
she did not attend his swearing-in as well apparently because of the invitation extended by modi to the sri lankan president mahinda rajapaksa.
on tuesday, both modi and jayalalithaa signalled their intention to bury the past and start afresh.
the meeting lasted for around 50 minutes.
it was very useful and i hope it will prove to be rewarding, she said afterwards.
three ministers  prasad, nirmala sitharaman and p radhakrishnan  then met the cm separately.
sources said that jayalalithaa appeared elated over the defeat of the congress and told one of the ministers that while modi decimated the congress all over the country, she did the same in tamil nadu.
however, she is not in a hurry to join the nda.
sources said that she would prefer to offer issue-based support to the nda government in the rajya sabha and keep open her partys relevance.
the aiadmk has 10 members in the upper house.
there was no such talk (of her party joining the nda) and no such proposal, she said.
on her party supporting the government from outside, particularly in the rajya sabha, she said, the nda has got an independent majority.
for that matter, the bjp itself has got an independent majority.
they do not need support from outside.
we will see when the situation arises.
jayalalithaa handed over a 65-page memorandum to modi listing out the states demands.
the people of the country have great expectations from you and your government.
tamil nadu is no exception.
we were systematically ignored and discriminated against by the former upa government, particularly since may 2011 when i assumed office.
i look forward to that trend completely changing under your guidance, she said in a separate letter to modi.
her particular focus was on additional allocation of resources for tamil nadu, sri lankan tamil issue and expediting the formation of a supervisory committee for raising the water level in the mullaperiyar dam in the wake of the supreme court judgement allowing raising of the water level to 142 ft.
she also demanded implementation of the final order of the cauvery water disputes tribunal by setting up the cauvery management board and the cauvery water regulation committee.
she also met finance minister arun jaitley and spoke of issues related to goods and services tax, release of pending claims for compensation due to central sales tax rate reduction, shortfalls in release of central grants amongst others.
b'rubbishing the governments claim of any wrongdoing in the 2g spectrum allocation,bjp today asked why a raja was forced to quit as telecom minister if the loss to the exchequer estimated at rs 1.
76 lakh crore was not true.
if the entire argument is that there was no loss to the exchequer then why did raja resign from the government?
asked senior leader arun jaitley.
telecom minister kapil sibals entire argument is fallacious.
he is just playing with statistics confusing the position (he is playing) the pac+jpc+cbi all rolled into one and contending that there is no loss as far as revenue is concerned, jaitley,who has come here to participate in the bjp national executive meeting beginning tomorrow,told reporters.
the leader of the opposition in the rajya sabha said that sibal has missed the basic point.
when spectrum was allotted in 2008,why was it done at 2001 prices?
he asked.
jaitley said an all-india licence was taken at the cost of rs 1,651 crore by a licencee who sold a large part of its equity to foreign investors at usd 2 billion.
bjp spokesperson ravishankarprasad prasad described as reprehensible sibals comments against the cag.
he has chosen to publicly criticise and condemn a constitutional body like the cag when the entire report of cag is under scrutiny before the pac where the department of sibal could have filed its objections as per parliamentary norms, prasad told pti.
he alleged that sibal has over-reached the entire parliamentary propriety and charged him with breach of privilege.
sibals entire comment is an attempt to justify in an overt or covert manner the inglorious corruption of raja in upa ii which has caused serious loss of tax payers money in lakhs of crores, prasad said.
the rajya sabha mp said the telecom ministers belated justification would only further expose the corruption on upa ii.
dmk leader tiruchi siva argued that the government could enroll volunteers for election duty or summon retired teachers.
dmk leader tiruchi siva argued that the government could enroll volunteers for election duty or summon retired teachers.
should teachers be put on election duty?
a number of opposition mps in the rajya sabha on friday argued for exempting teachers from election duties, while minister of state for law and justice p p choudhary tied himself in knots by asserting that, in his opinion, not just teachers but students also should be enrolled for election work.
rajya sabha saw an extensive discussion on the issue, thanks to a private members bill brought by dmk member tiruchi siva seeking a constitutional amendment to ensure exemption for teachers.
watch what else is making newssivas contention  that enrolment of teachers for election duty was disrupting academic schedules  received wide support.
he pointed to the already stressed teaching environment, claiming that government figures showed that more than 9 lakh teaching posts at various levels were vacant in the country.
deputy chairman p j kurien wanted to check with the government whether these numbers were accurate.
not finding any minister from the mhrd, he asked junior foreign minister m j akbar to convey the dismay of the house to the government.
students are suffering because of lack of teachers and teaching hours then they are given all sorts of non-academic tasks including election duties, siva said.
he argued that the government could enroll volunteers for election duty or summon retired teachers.
viplove thakur and anand bhaskar of the congress, la ganesan of the bjp, and some others supported the suggestion.
but aiadmk members a navaneethakrishnan and vijila sathyananth argued against it, saying the disruption was for a short period.
minister choudhary argued that election duty must not be seen as wastage of time but considered part of the education process.
it should be considered national service as mentioned in article 51 a of the constitution, he said.
learning about democracy is part of a students education.
not just teachers, students should also be encouraged to participate in elections, he said.
his senior, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad, intervened.
he said the government appreciated the concern of the members that teachers should devote all their time to academic activities.
he said he would convey the sentiments to the election commission.
bjp today dismissed textiles minister dayanidhi marans explanation on pay-offs to family-owned sun tv network and alleged that it was a simple case of bribery and quid pro quo as he gave licenses and allotted spectrum to aircel in 2007 at 2001 rates.
dayanidhi marans alibi that investment by maxis company of malaysia in sun direct tv after he ceased to be the telecom minister is all humbug.
the economic investment committee of the cabinet,which is empowered to deal with foreign investment,had given permission to invest in february 2007 when maran was minister, bjp chief spokesperson ravishankarprasad prasad told reporters here.
he alleged that maran gave licences and more spectrum to aircel at give-away prices.
the bigger question here which maran should address is at what rates were new licences given?
as far as we are informed,aircel was given licenses for 14 new areas and also additional spectrum in 2007 at 2001 rates though now the tele-density was very high.
this is a case of bribery and quid pro quo, prasad said.
the opposition also asked prime minister manmohan singh to break his silence on the issue and ensure a fair cbi investigation.
the prime minister has not spoken for the last three days.
he should not repeat his mistake.
earlier,he had sought to defend a raja saying he was innocent.
now he is in jail.
please speak up.
ensure a fair cbi investigation into this case otherwise the country will have to draw the conclusion that manmohan singh only defends the corrupt, prasad said.
maran had yesterday said he had not favoured any particular company in granting uasl licence when he was telecom minister.
defending the instant triple talaq bill, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said the government cannot leave hapless muslim women crying and sobbing on the footpaths.
targeting the congress, he said it was standing where it stood in 1986, when the rajiv gandhi government passed a bill overturning the supreme court verdict in the shah bano case.
advertisingreplying to the discussion on the bill, prasad said the country has matured.
let us understand the changing profile of india, that the people are willing to support a positive initiative for change if the initiative is fair, he said.
justifying the three-year jail term for offenders, he argued that the provisions for imprisonment were there in laws prohibiting dowry and multiple marriages by hindu men, passed by congress governments in the past.
read | parliament passes triple talaq bill two years after supreme court struck down practicewhy no religion-centric issues are raised when wholesale amendments for right reasons were sought to be done in the hindu marriage act, when the marriage was sought to be made void in the absence of subsistence of the marriage.
not only void simply, but even punishment for seven years?
that time, nobody said how would the family be run.
on the dowry prohibition act, no one raised the issue that when the husband goes to jail, how he will feed his wife or children, said prasad.
advertisingno questions were asked.
when section 498a came about, three years punishment and the offence made non-bailable, not a question was raised on this, he said.
section 498a in the indian penal code is related to a woman being subjected to cruelty by her husband or his relative.
he said all these laws were passed by congress governments which, however, succumbed in the shah bano case in 1986.
read | medieval practice confined to dustbin of history: pm modi on triple talaq bill passagethe congress is standing where it stood in 1986 from shah bano to shayara bano you are standing where you were irrespective of whether you have been reduced to 44 or 52.
i dont know what will happen in the future, he said.
prasad told leader of opposition ghulam nabi azad that he should introspect why the congress, which got 400-plus seats in 1984, could never get majority on its own in the lok sabha elections since then.
the minister said he could not leave women who have been divorced by triple talaq via whatsapp or other such means in the lurch.
should i leave them crying and sobbing on the footpaths, he said.
the law minister said the bjp may get fewer votes from the muslim community, but it considers them very much a part of the country and works on the principle of sabka saath, sabka vikas, sabka vishwas.
prasad said the bill should not be seen through a political prism as it is a matter of humanity, woman empowerment and gender equality.
read | triple talaq bill: how modi 2.
0 felled opp where it had upper handhe said that despite the supreme court judgment setting aside the practice of instant triple talaq, many cases had come to light.
should we tell the women of this country that there is a judgment but we are not acting on it?
that is why we have brought this bill.
because the law is a deterrence.
there were some misgivings we have kept provisions for bail, compromise and subsistence allowance, prasad said.
it is a matter of gender justice, gender dignity and gender equality, he said.
b'ravi shankar prasad in ahmedabad.
(express photo: javed raja) ravishankarprasad prasad in ahmedabad.
(express photo: javed raja)a bill that proposes to set up an arbitration council of india  that would grade and give accreditation to institutions involved in alternative dispute resolution  is likely to be introduced in parliament during budget session, union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said on thursday.
prasad said that the arbitration and conciliation (amendment) bill, 2018, which was approved by the cabinet and is likely to be tabled this session, aims to make india a global hub of arbitration.
the country already has the best lawyers and judges in the world.
the world is moving towards institutional arbitration.
but there has to be a mechanism.
and taking this in view, an arbitration council of india will be set up.
this body will institutionalise arbitration.
it will grade institution and give accreditation.
it will also frame policies and give training, he told reporters.
according to the amended bill, the council chairperson will be a person who has been a judge of the supreme court or chief justice or judge of any high court or any eminent jurist in the filed of arbitration.
the minister said that the council will also take over the autonomous organisation  the international centre for alternative dispute resolution (icadr).
the icadr was established in 1995 with the objective of providing alternative dispute resolution mechanism and providing facilities for the same.
after the aci takes over icadr, we will make the system more professional, prasad said.
outside parliament on wednesday, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad and home minister rajnath singh ask reporters to throw their posers at the other (source: express photo by renuka puri) outside parliament on wednesday, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad and home minister rajnath singh ask reporters to throw their posers at the other (source: express photo by renuka puri)with members across party lines expressing concern over supreme court getting into the domain of lawmaking through some of its verdicts, union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad on wednesday said the judiciarys reluctance to trust the prime minister for fair appointment of judges is a loaded question.
replying to questions in lok sabha, prasad said the separation of power principle is binding on the judiciary, too.
by separation of power, i mean the executive will do its own function, parliament will do its own function, and the judiciary will do its own function  parliament (is meant) to enact, executive to formulate and execute, and judiciary to interpret (laws), the minister said.
in this light, if the separation of power principle is binding on all, i am sorry to say that it is equally binding on the judiciary.
prasad said, the prime minister possesses the nuclear button.
the prime minister can do so much of work entrusted by the people of india, but the prime minister, through the law minister, cannot be trusted to appoint a fair judge.
it is a very loaded question.
the minister said parliament has to debate this issue soon.
as prime minister narendra modi looked on, prasad did not hide the governments reservation on the apex courts move to overturn a new law on appointment of judges.
he said a litigant might feel that a judge will not be impartial since he was appointed by a committee that includes the law minister.
the prime minister is the leader.
he works through his ministers.
the prime minister of india today is the main player in the appointment of the president of india, the vice president, the cvc (chief vigilance commissioner), the chief election commissioner, the public service commission and the three army chiefs.
the people of india entrusts the prime minister the duty to safeguard the integrity and the security of india, prasad said, responding to congress mp k h muniyappas remark that the court rejecting a bill passed by parliament sends a bad message to the country.
in october 2015, the supreme court had declared as unconstitutional a constitutional amendment to validate the national judicial appointments commission (njac) act, which had contemplated a significant role for the executive in appointing judges in the higher judiciary.
earlier, raising a question on speedy disposal of cases, bjp member sanjay jaiswal remarked that the apex court was getting into lawmaking through its verdicts on issues ranging from cricket management to medical entrance tests.
mps from both treasury and opposition benches were seen thumping their desks over the remark.
jaiswal was referring to the top courts orders on cricket management and neet medical entrance examination.
although prasad refused to make any comment on the two orders jaiswal referred to, he pointed out that in the kesavananda bharati vs state of kerala judgement, the supreme court had laid out separation of powers between the legislature, executive and the judiciary.
mohammad salim of the cpi(m) wanted to know whether court proceedings could on camera  like proceedings of parliament are telecast live  so that people can see what is happening in the court, and whether the poor are getting justice.
the minister said online transmission will create a psychological pressure but there are logistical problems involved in it.
while telecast of lok sabha and rajya sabha proceedings was easy, as there are only two houses.
it is difficult to do so in several thousand courtrooms.
but the suggestion is worth considering, prasad said.
as mps repeatedly asked about the increasing number of vacancies in the courts, prasad said the modi government has made 126 appointments to the high courts and called it the highest ever in last 30 years.
he said, it goes to the collegium in the supreme court.
a record 30 per cent of the recommendations of the high courts are turned down by supreme court.
i am sorry to say, many of the nominations are remitted by the supreme court.
but i am fast-tracking it.
b'addressing a media conference after the session was concluded, union parliamentary affairs minister ananth kumar also attacked the congress: it was negative politics and its (congresss) intolerance towards peoples mandate that stalled parliament addressing a media conference after the session was concluded, union parliamentary affairs minister ananth kumar also attacked the congress: it was negative politics and its (congresss) intolerance towards peoples mandate that stalled parliamentwith the ruling bjp and congress involved in a blame-game over the complete washout of the latter half of the budget session, prime minister narendra modi on friday announced a fast by bjp mps on april 12 to protest the impasse caused by the opposition in parliament.
both houses were adjourned sine die on friday.
addressing bjp mps on the partys foundation day, pm modi accused congress of taking parlia-mentary proceedings to a new low and throttling democracy.
while the congress countered by accusing the government of engineering the disruptions to avoid any discussion, opposition leaders, according to sources, told the government at the customary post-session tea meeting at the rajya sabha chairmans chamber that the monsoon session could meet a similar fate unless the government starts back-channel talks.
there could be more of this in monsoon session if the government does not reach out.
we also told ministers ravishankarprasad prasad and mukhtar abbas naqvi: if the issues of special status for andhra pradesh and cauvery management board are left hanging, how could the monsoon session be any different?
a senior opposition leader, who was part of the meeting, said.
soon after bjp announced that its mps will observe fast on april 12, the congress, too, announced a nationwide fast on april 9 to protect and promote harmony.
the party asked the government not to prorogue the session, and reconvene parliament for two weeks, or 10 days, to debate key issues and pass laws.
read | pm modi says congress throttling democracy, bjp mps to observe fast over parliament disruptionsat the bjp meeting, modi is learnt to have told bjp mps that opposition members almost surrounded him during his reply to the motion of thanks on the presidents address to parliament, and that such disruption during a prime ministers speech was unprecedented.
modi had replied in both houses during the first-half.
addressing a media conference after the session was concluded, union parliamentary affairs minister ananth kumar also attacked the congress: it was negative politics and its (congresss) intolerance towards peoples mandate that stalled parliamentbut anand sharma said, the congress is not responsible for the disruption.
we wanted debate, we wanted accountability, and we shall continue to demand that.
today we have told the chairman of rajya sabha to inform the government that we are willing: do not prorogue the houses, they have been adjourned only sine die.
reconvene the parliament for two weeks or 10 days to debate issues and bring in important laws.
other opposition leaders said there has been no effort by the government to break the deadlock.
sharma pointed out that modi was not present in rajya sabha when the session came to a close and called it an insult to the upper house.
andhra pradesh assembly also passed a resolution, urging the centre to convene a special session of parliament to review the provision of the andhra pradesh reorganisation act and assurances made in rajya sabha, including special category status.
congress leader in lok sabha mallikarjun kharge accused the government and its allies for disrupting lok sabha, and asked why members causing disturbance were not suspended and the no-confidence motions taken up for discussion.
b'opposition on wednesday forced the government to accept its demand for a bigger joint parliamentary committee into the 2g scam which will now be a 30-member body accommodating small parties and is evenly balanced between the rival sides.
the committee would have 20 members from the lok sabha and ten from the rajya sabha,instead of 2115 from the ls and 6 from rs  as was earlier believed to be.
the ruling upa has managed to secure 15 members by projecting the whole alliance as a group.
while the main opposition bjp is expected to have six members,the jd(u),which is part of the nda,two members.
there are indications that the bjp could give one seat to its long-time ally shiv sena.
the party has already announced that former ministers jaswant singh and yashwant sinha and senior leader harin pathak (all from lok sabha) and s s ahluwalia and ravishankarprasad prasad (both rajya sabha) will represent it in the jpc.
in the upa,the congress could get as many as 11 seats,dmk two while trinamool congress and ncp one each.
among the non-congress,non-bjp parties,left will get two seats,bsp two,bjd,sp and aiadmk one each.
the names of congress leaders p c chacko and v kishore chandra deo are doing the rounds for the chairmanship of the committee,a formal motion for which would be moved by leader of house pranab mukherjee in lok sabha on thursday.
the motion is expected to contain the terms of reference of the committee and will recommend to the rajya sabha nomination of its members to the jpc.
a raja of the dmk,who was forced to quit as telecom minister and is currently lodged in tihar jail,is unlikely to take part in the discussion when the motion for the constitution of the jpc is taken up in the lok sabha on thursday.
the issue would be taken up next week in the rajya sabha.
the income tax department is looking into benami land deals worth rs 1,000 crore involving rjd chief lalu prasad yadav.
the income tax department is looking into benami land deals worth rs 1,000 crore involving rjd chief lalu prasad yadav.
the income-tax department are looking into benami land deals worth rs 1,000 crore allegedly involving rjd chief and former bihar chief minister lalu prasad yadav.
the agency on tuesday conducted raids and surveys at 22 locations in delhi, gurgaon and rewari.
raids were conducted early today morning on the premises owned by several prominent businessmen and real estate agents.
i-t sleuths have also raided the premises of the son of rjd mp p c gupta and few other businessmen.
while raids are being conducted at a dozen locations, ten other official premises are being surveyed by the i-t department, officials told news agency pti.
people and businessmen connected to the land deal involving lalu prasad and his family are being searched.
there are allegations of benami deals worth about rs 1,000 crore and subsequent tax evasion, a senior official said.
a team of about 100 tax department officials and police personnel are conducting the raids, they said.
this comes just days after the bharatiya janata party accused lalu prasad and his children  tejashwi yadav, tej pratap yadav and misa bharti  of being involved in corrupt land deals.
on may 12, addressing a press conference at the party headquartes, union minister ravishankarprasad prasad demanded the central government to probe the alleged land deals.
he alleged that lalus daughter misa bharti, a rajya sabha mp, failed to disclosed these assets in her election affidavit and demanded the election commission to take action against her.
the union minister said the land deals dated back to the time when lalu prasad was the union railway minister in the upa government.
he also wondered whether bihar chief minister nitish kumar would invoke the special law enacted by his goverment in which assets acquired through illicit means are confiscated.
in his reponse nitish said that the bjp should move to court and substantiate their allegations with proof.
this is not an issue that falls in the domain of the state government nor in the company law of bihar.
if the bjp has documents, then it should take legal recourse to prove their accusations, nitish said.
lalus rjd is a constituent of bihars ruling coalition led by kumar.
his sons tejashwi yadav and tej pratap yadav are ministers in the government.
at least 15 union ministers will travel across 21 states to count the successes of the narendra modi-led government at 31 press conferences.
at least 15 union ministers will travel across 21 states to count the successes of the narendra modi-led government at 31 press conferences.
the bjp-led central government has dispatched top ministers to various states to hold press conferences about the achievements of the government in the past four years ahead of the 2019 lok sabha elections.
at least 15 union ministers will travel across 21 states to count the successes of the narendra modi-led government at 31 press conferences.
on monday, minister of state for agriculture and farmers welfare gajendra singh shekhawat held the first press conference under the programme in guwahati.
at least seven such events will be held by union ministers rajnath singh, nirmala sitharaman, nitin gadkari, ram vilas paswan, jp nadda, smriti irani, mansukh mandavia and mukhtar abbas naqvi on tuesday.
union ministers ravishankarprasad prasad and jitender singh will hold conferences on june 30, while prakash javadekar and piyush goyal will hold similar events on june 31 along with four other ministers.
june 1 will see the most press conferences  nine such events with dharmendra pradhan and rajyvardhan rathore along with others.
the press conferences will continue till june 4 and will be held in assam, uttar pradesh, bihar, meghalaya, arunachal pradesh, himachal pradesh, maharashtra, andhra pradesh, punjab, madhya pradesh, chandigarh, rajasthan, jharkhand, gujarat, uttarakhand, manipur, jammu and kashmir, tamil nadu, west bengal, goa and chhattisgarh.
many of these ministers will also hold ministry-wise events in delhi.
b'jpc has found not a single file or record to show any culpability of prime minister manmohan singh and finance minister p chidambaram in the 2g spectrum allocation,its chairman p c chacko said justifying the clean chit to them in the draft report.
he also maintained that singh and chidambaram were not called before the committee despite bjps strong demands because majority of the 30 members were not in favour of such a move.
chacko responded to the attack on him for not calling former telecom minister a raja,who has been held responsible for the controversial 2g allocation of 2008,insisting that he was given a chance to present his case by making a representation.
we have not come across a single file or record or evidence to see that any culpability or any responsibility in the decision making for the finance minister or the prime minister, chacko said.
he was responding when asked to comment on the opposition attack on him for giving a clean chit to the prime minister and the finance minister in the draft report even though raja has said that he had kept singh and chidambaram in the loop on all decisions related to the 2g allocation.
the opposition members of the committee have alleged that chacko was partisan and had prepared the report in such a manner as as to protect singh and chidambaram.
witnesses depose and say many things,we verify with the files.
that is how we come to the conclusioni do not think we have done anything wrong or impropriety, chacko said,while clearly referring to rajas claim about keeping singh and chidambaram in the loop.
raja,who has been accused in the jpc draft report of misleading the prime minister,has told the committee that he took every major decision,including entry fee and non auction of spectrum,after consulting singh,chidambaram and the then external affairs minister pranab mukherjee.
with regard to the controversy over not calling singh,chidambaram and raja,chacko agreed that a section of the committee has always been demanding that they be called.
it is true,time and again it was repeatedly stated and written and letters sent tome by yashwant sinha,ravi shankar prasad (both bjp),by gurudas dasgupta (cpi).
that does not mean calling them was the majority view, he said.
he said half-a-dozen members of the committee were insisting on calling them as witnesses.
jpc has 30 members,out of which only five or six people only were sayingi never took a personal decision.
every decision was based on majority view of the committee or consensus, chacko said.
with regard to raja,the jpc chairman said he did appear before the committee.
if anybody says rajas view did not come before the committee,it is absolutely wrong.
i personally discussed with raja and convinced him to send his views in writing.
before a parliamentary committee,two types of appearances are there: personal and through representation.
both are taken equally.
in our conclusions,we went through his submissions also.
rajas demand is fully satisfied, he contended.
chacko also did not agree with the contention that raja mshould have been given a chance to appear personally as he was the main accused.
he said raja was the main accused in a case before the court but not the jpc as its terms of reference were confined to the telecom policy between 1998 and 2009,its implementation and aberrations.
the centre is facing difficulty in choosing the chief and members of lokpal due to absence of leader of opposition in lok sabha.
(source: pti photo) the centre is facing difficulty in choosing the chief and members of lokpal due to absence of leader of opposition in lok sabha.
(source: pti photo)top ministers in the modi government, including home minister rajnath singh and finance minister arun jaitley today discussed issues related to operationalisation of proposed anti-corruption ombudsman lokpal.
the meeting came after the supreme court said on thursday that the lokpal act was a workable piece of legislation and that it was not justifiable to keep it pending.
the meeting, which was held at singhs north block office, was also attended by law minister ravishankarprasad prasad and minister of state for personnel jitendra singh, official sources said.
some issues related to operationalisation of lokpal were discussed during the meeting, a source said.
the previous upa government had introduced a bill in parliament seeking setting up anti-graft body lokpal at the centre and lokayuktas in states to look into cases of corruption against certain categories of public servants.
the centre is facing difficulty in choosing the chief and members of lokpal due to absence of leader of opposition in lok sabha.
as per the act, a selection committee headed by the prime minister chooses chairperson and members of the lokpal.
the panel has as its members the lok sabha speaker, leader of the opposition in the lower chamber of parliament, the chief justice of india or a judge of the apex court nominated by him, and an eminent jurist who could be nominated by the president or any other member.
at present, there is no leader of the opposition in the lok sabha.
the largest opposition party congress has only 45 members in the lok sabha and lacks the requisite 10 per cent of total 545 seats for its leader to be designated as lop.
the central government has been examining a report of a parliamentary committee suggesting certain changes in the lokpal act for over a year now.
the department-related parliamentary standing committee on personnel, public grievances, law and justice had on december 7, 2015 tabled its report in both houses of parliament.
the panel had suggested nominating the leader of the single largest opposition party in the lok sabha, in case there is no recognised leader of opposition, as member of the selection panel.
on april 27, the apex court had said the act was an eminently workable piece of legislation and it does not create any bar to the enforcement of the provisions.
b'bowing to the tremendous pressure kept up by a united opposition,prime minister manmohan singh today announced the governments decision to set up a joint parliamentary committee (jpc) to probe the 2g spectrum scam,saying the country could ill afford the disruption of the crucial budget session of parliament.
making the announcement in lok sabha as soon as it met for the first working day of the session,singh said a formal motion for the constitution of the joint parliamentary committee would be moved soon.
we could not succeed in spite of our sincere efforts to persuade the opposition not to insist on a jpc probe,singh said.
asserting that his government was committed to root out corruption,the prime minister said all effective steps were taken to convince the opposition in this regard.
we can ill afford a situation where parliament is not allowed to function during the crucial budget session.
it is in these special circumstances that our government agrees to the setting up of a jpc, he said.
singh requested speaker meira kumar to proceed with the process of formation of the jpc and said a formal motion would be moved soon.
welcoming the governments move,leader of the opposition sushma swaraj thanked the prime minister and leader of the house pranab mukherjee for the decision.
we should not see this as a victory or defeat.
this is a victory of democracy.
we should all work together putting aside any talk of victory or defeat, she said.
the opposition has been adamant on a jpc probe in the 2g scam,which according to the cag,has resulted in a presumptive loss to the tune of rs 1.
76 lakh crore.
a raja,who was forced to resign as telecom minister three months ago,is now in jail.
dubbing it as the biggest scam in independent india,the opposition had made it clear that it would not allow the budget session to function properly if the jpc was not announced today.
insisting that the government was committed to root out corruption,the prime minister listed the steps taken by the government on the 2g issue which included cbi investigation supervised by the supreme court and the independent inquiry conducted by former judge shivraj patil.
he also pointed out that the public accounts committee of parliament was also seized of the matter and the government was fully cooperating with it.
we are a functioning democracy and must strive to resolve our differences in a spirit of accommodation and collaboration,not confrontation, he said,hoping that it would renew our confidence in indias forward march.
the government has already made it clear that a formal motion for the creation of the jpc would be moved on thursday by telecom minister kapil sibal.
this would be the first jpc to be set up since the congress-led upa came to power in may 2004.
aiadmk leader m thambidurai demanded the representation for all political leaders on the jpc to ensure there was no feeling of neglect among members.
gurudas dasgupta (cpi) said he would not like to thank the prime minister for agreeing to the opposition demand for a jpc.
he said it was better late than never that good wisdom has dawned upon the government which led to the announcement of a jpc to probe the 2g spectrum scam.
this is not a question of thanking or complimenting the government or the prime minister.
the government and the prime minister had only done their duty by responding to the opposition demand and ensuring that parliamentary norms are adhered to, he said.
sp leader mulayam singh yadav said the delay in announcing the jpc had affected the credibility of the government.
the people of the country have come to know that the government had something to hide, he said.
nda convenor sharad yadav wanted that the jpc should also go into alleged irregularities in the conduct of the commonwealth games,the s-band issue relating to isro and the adarsh housing scam.
he said the judiciary and media were actively involved in probing the issue and the announcement by the prime minister would also allow parliament to be part of the exercise.
basudeb acharia (cpi-m),arjun charan sethi (bjd),k chandrasekhar rao (trs) and raghuvansh prasad (rjd) also welcomed the formation of a jpc.
in the rajya sabha,the prime minister made a similar statement on the jpc formation.
soon after he completed,leader of the opposition arun jaitely said he was disappointed over the contents of the statement.
the issue could be resolved in a more gracious manner, he said adding the content of the pms statement showed the government had done everything and the jpc was formed only because parliament was paralysed.
jaitely said the formation of the jpc could have been done in a graceful way rather than in a tasteless manner by projecting that the opposition had coerced the government to do so.
bjp members including s s ahluwalia,ravi shankar prasad and aiamdk member m maitreyan took objection to the content of the pms statement.
deputy chairman k rahman khan disallowed members saying it was agreed that no discussion would take place on the statement.
union minister for information technology ravishankarprasad prasad (source: pti/file) union minister for information technology ravishankarprasad prasad (source: pti/file)the indian government has conveyed its concerns at a very senior level in the us administration on the move to curb h-1b visa processing, law and it minister ravishankarprasad prasad said on tuesday.
i think our concerns at a very senior level has already been conveyed to the government of usa.
i would not like to get into the details except that indian it companies are giving good value addition to us companies, prasad told reporters on the sidelines of icegov conference in response to a question on recent developments.
the us had last week said it will be temporarily suspending premium processing of h-1b visas from april 3, eliminating the option of shorter waiting period for the programme that helps highly skilled foreigners work at american firms.
watch what else is making news:under the current system, companies submitting applications for h-1b visas for potential employees can pay an additional sum for expedited service, which is known as premium processing.
the temporary suspension could last up to six months, according to the us citizenship and immigration services (uscis).
h-1b visas are widely used by indian it majors.
premium processing costs an additional usd 1,225 and ensures a response from the uscis within 15 days or the fee is refunded.
processing of standard h-1b applications takes between 3 and 6 months.
prasad said that the indian it companies are servicing more than 75 per cent of fortune 500 companies.
they are making them more competitive and giving them extraordinary value addition.
i am given to understand that they have paid around usd 20 billion tax revenue in last 5 years.
they have created 4,00,000 jobs, not only in america but other parts of the world.
indian it companies and it professionals are giving lot of opening to american companies in india, prasad said.
he also said that the whole it movement in the world is based on sharing and reciprocity.
on recent reports of misuse of aadhaar data, prasad said that the unique id is completely safe and secure and that some people were trying to play mischief in a sponsored manner against whom police have taken action.
b'cambridge analyticas office in central london.
(photo: reuters) cambridge analyticas office in central london.
(photo: reuters)the ministry of electronics & information technology (meity) has sent a notice to data mining and analysis firm cambridge analytica, which is at the heart of the case involving alleged breach of facebook user data, seeking information about its clients in india and whether it had harvested their user profiles.
it has also asked the firm to specify who are the entities, if any, who engaged the firm to utilise data of indians; how did it collect the data and whether consent was taken of the individuals whose data was used.
cambridge analyticas parent company, strategic communications laboratories, partnered with a firm, ovleno business intelligence (obi), in india which had mentioned bjp, congress and jd(u) as its clients on its website before it was taken down earlier this week.
the ministry of electronics and information technology has issued a notice to cambridge analytica, wherein the serious breach of propriety and misuse of data intended to profile and influence voting behaviour has been highlighted, an official spokesperson said, adding that the firm has been given time until march 31 to respond to the notice.
read | data breach: bjp, congress, jd(u) on client list of parent firms india partnerthe government is deeply concerned about such developments and is committed to ensure the protection of the fundamental right of privacy and safety and security of data for every citizen of india, he said.
the government also said that the fairness of indian democracy and electoral process is a matter of pride and any attempt to influence the sanctity of the electoral franchise through dubious and questionable means is unacceptable.
in particular, all intermediaries and their associates have the legal obligation to maintain security, confidentiality and sanctity of data and any unauthorized use of data can entail legal action.
related | elon musk removes tesla, spacex facebook pages after challenged on twitteron wednesday, law and it minister ravishankarprasad prasad warned facebook ceo mark zuckerberg that the government would take stringent action, including summoning him to india, in case of any data theft of indians.
prasad also triggered a political war of words when he accused the main opposition congress party of having links with cambridge analytica, the facebook associate under the scanner.
the congress then denied the allegation and claimed that the bjp and its current ruling ally in bihar, jd(u), had engaged the data firm in elections, including in 2014.
on thursday, zuckerberg, in a post, apologised for the data breach and said that his company would upgrade its security features ahead of the upcoming elections in countries like india and brazil.
also read | election commission finds no vulnerabilities in facebook associationyesterday, prasad held a meeting with senior it ministry officials to discuss analyse the ways to prevent commercial exploitation of digital information of users.
it is pertinent to observe that the ceo of facebook, mr mark zuckerberg has apologised for the mistakes his company had made in handling data belonging to its users, and has promised tougher steps to restrict access to such information.
there are other downstream players such as cambridge analytica and its alleged associates who have been reported to be involved in the data breach, the government spokesperson said.
a bill aimed at improving institutional arbitration in the country was introduced in the rajya sabha on monday by union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
advertisingthe arbitration and conciliation (amendment) bill 2019 seeks to make india a hub of domestic and global arbitration for settling commercial disputes.
it provides for settlement of commercial disputes within six months, among other measures.
successive governments have been pushing to make india a centre of domestic and international arbitration.
a previous version of the bill was cleared by the lok sabha in august 2018, but could not be passed in the rajya sabha.
the new bill, which amends the 1996 act, seeks to provide for a robust mechanism to deal with institutional disputes and ensures accountability of the arbitrator.
the amendments will help establish an independent body to lay down standards, make the arbitration process more friendly and cost-effective, and ensure timely disposal of cases.
it provides for setting up an independent body  the arbitration council of india (aci)  to set up a framework for creating arbitral institutions and accrediting arbitrators by laying down norms.
the aci would be mandated to frame rules on how institutions would be graded, norms to be followed, and monitoring of quality and performance.
following a long-drawn-out debate over the contentious muslim women (protection of rights on marriage) bill 2019, commonly known as the triple talaq bill, lok sabha thursday gave its nod to the bill, which declares instant talaq a cognisable offence.
the bill was passed with a majority of 303 votes.
this is the first time that the bill was tabled in the 17th lok sabha by the bjp government after returning to power.
advertisingthe house saw much acrimony as congress and other opposition parties demanded the bill be sent to the standing committee for review, saying it targets muslim community of the country.
citing a violation of article 46, aimim leader asaduddin owaisi said women should have the right to leave the marriage.
will the husband give maintenance from jail?
he asked.
why should the woman remain married to the husband whos in jail?
the bill gives three-year jail term to husband, it is against the criminal jurisprudence.
you put a condition that if a husband gives woman a divorce, then the amount of meher will go to the woman.
marriage is a contract.
this is not a janam janam ka saath hai.
this life is enough.
muslims are not homogenous in india, added owaisi.
congress leader gaurav gogoi said the supreme court had not asked the government to make triple talaq criminial offence.
if you want to protect muslim women who are divorced by their husbands, then you should also give protection to hindu and parsi women who are deserted by their husbands, gogoi said.
against the billadvertisingopposition primarily circled around the criminalisation of talaq-e-biddat or instant talaq.
calling out the bill as anti-islam, owaisi said the bill imprisons the husband for three years and claimed that this is against the criminal jurisprudence.
introducing a law will not eradicate social evil, owaisi said.
he said when the supreme court has banned instant triple talaq then why does the government want to imprison a muslim man.
targetting the bhartiya janata party, owaisi raised questions on the 2013 muzzaffarpur riots, saying if the government is keen to bring justice to muslim women, why were no convictions held in the case.
further, he challenged the government to take all women mps of bjp in a special aircraft to sabrimala, if the government is concerned about the rights of women.
drawing attention to criminalisation of the law, congress leader shashi tharoor said crime is the desertion of a wife without taking responsibility.
why is a law criminalising muslim husbands, tharoor asked.
indian union muslim league leader e t basheer termed the proposed bill as unconstitutional, unwanted and ill-motivated, while tdp leader jayadev galla wondered what will be the result in cases where men abandon their wives without giving talaq.
he called the bill discriminatory in nature.
meanwhile, prior to the voting on the bill, tmc mps staged a walkout in protest.
in favour of the billafter five hours of debate on the bill, ravishankarprasad prasad answered queries of the opposition and said the practice has been made a penal offence as there are times a deterrent is required under the law.
justifying his stance, he said all practices affecting women negatively have been removed from the law including polygamy and bigamy.
prasad applauded congress for introducing hindu marriage laws during their governance which protect women, however, he centered on why it had an issue with the present proposed law.
opposition doesnt want to scrutinise the law but reject it altogether, the law minister said.
responding to one of the queries raised during the debate, prasad said despite the supreme court verdict, there have been cases of triple talaq.
speaking in favour of the proposed law, bjym president and lok sabha mp poonam mahajan said prevention is better than cure and the proposed legislation is seeking to do the same.
bjp leader meenakshi lekhi said the bill is not the agenda of the party but it is the agenda of the nation.
hitting out at opposition, she said the opposition parties are having a hard time accepting that prime minister narendra modi, a hindu, is thinking in favour of the muslims.
bhubaneswar mp aparajita sarangi said the practice of triple talaq violates human rights.
it is also a regressive notion of patriarchy which treats women in an undignified manner and there is no convincing logic in opposing the legislation, she said.
azam khan controversyduring the discussion on the bill, samajwadi party mp azam khan made certain objectionable remarks against bjps rama devi.
his remarks invited rebuke from bjp lawmakers who asked the rampur mp to apologise.
referring to the intervention of union minister mukhtar abbas naqvi, khan read out a couplet  tu idhar-udhar ki baat na kar  (do not divert from the topic).
at this, rama devi, who was officiating the house, asked khan not to look here and there and address the chair.
to this, the sp member made an objectionable remark at the chair, triggering acrimonious scenes.
advertisingrama devi then said, this is not the way to speak, please expunge these remarks.
to this, khan said, you are very respected, you are like my sister.
with prime minister narendra modi already named the leader of the bjp parliamentary party, the ruling party on wednesday announced the nomination of defence minister rajnath singh and railways minister piyush goyal as its deputy leaders in the lok sabha and rajya sabha, respectively.
the announcement followed a direction to this effect by modi and bjp president amit shah.
advertisingthe party had earlier announced the appointment of union minister for social justice and empowerment thawar chand gehlot as its leader in the rajya sabha.
former finance minister arun jaitley held this post in the previous government.
minister for parliamentary affairs pralhad joshi will be the governments chief whip and the two ministers of state in his ministry, arjun ram meghwal (lok sabha) and v muraleedharan (rajya sabha) will be deputy whips.
the bjp chief whips are sanjay jaiswal (lok sabha) and narayn lal panchari (rajya sabha).
the secretaries are ganesh singh (lok sabha) and bhupendra yadav (rajya sabha).
gopal shetty is the new treasurer of the parliamentary party.
there are a total of 24 whips, 18 for the lower house and the rest for the rajya sabha.
they include four women.
advertisingthe special invitees from lok sabha to the bjps parliamentary party executive are nitin gadkari, ravishankarprasad prasad, smriti irani, arjun munda, narendra singh tomar and jual oram.
the list of special invitees includes j p nadda, om prakash mathur, nirmala sitharaman, dharmedndra pradhan and prakash javadekar.
bjp general secretary kailash vijayvargiya has been re-appointed as in-charge of the partys parliamentary office and balasubrahmanyam kumarsu as the secretary.
the first meeting of the executive has been scheduled for june 16 at 3.
30 pm, a day before the 17th lok sabha meets.
the government has also convened an all-party meeting that day in the morning, which will be chaired by prime minister modi.
b'the memorandum should have details of crops and houses damaged, list of flood-affected persons and damages caused to bridges, culverts and roads due to the floods, he said.
the memorandum should have details of crops and houses damaged, list of flood-affected persons and damages caused to bridges, culverts and roads due to the floods, he said.
stating that the centre will provide all kind of help to bihar to deal with the flood situation, union minister ravishankarprasad prasad on sunday asked the state government to submit a memorandum at the earliest on the damages caused by floods in the state.
bihar government should get the survey done and send its memorandum at the earliest to the centre on damages caused by floods in the state union home minister rajnath singh has said the government will act immediately after getting the memorandum in this regard, prasad told reporters.
the memorandum should have details of crops and houses damaged, list of flood-affected persons and damages caused to bridges, culverts and roads due to the floods, he said.
the union law and justice minister was talking to reporters after visiting flood affected areas and relief camps in patna and was accompanied by party mlc sanjay mayukh, mlas nitin navin and sanjeev chaurasia during the visit.
stating that the centre gives rs 479 crore every year to bihar for disaster related work, prasad said the first instalment of rs 262 crore has already been released in june, while the remaining amount, which is due in december, would be released soon if the bihar government makes a formal request.
the prime minister, who has already expressed profound grief over the loss of lives in the floods, is quick and active vis-a-vis taking action in times of disasters.
he has acted swiftly when there was floods in jammu and kashmir and earthquake in nepal, the union minister said, adding government of india took proactive role in rescuing people in bihar floods.
on the help given by centre to bihar during the current spate of floods, prasad said 22 teams of national disaster response force (ndrf) comprising 1,000 personnel including 767 rescuers were working with 71 boats and have so far evacuated 26,720 people.
he said that centre has given 20,000 metric tonnes of foodgrains to bihar to deal with flood situation.
after visiting flood-affected areas and relief camps, prasad admitted that food was being served to people living in camps but those stuck in villages are not getting grains and are forced to have flattened rice and jaggery.
people said there was no fodder to feed the cattle both in animal camps and in the villages, he said.
prasad said the people of sukulpur, nathachak, raibagh, kasara, nizampur villages of punadih panchayats of patna sadar complained that they have not got anything.
i am quite surprised to see if people living in villages located barely 10-12 km away from patna are not getting relief material, then what will be the situation at other places.
i strongly condemn this, the minister said.
stating that the centre will provide all kind of help to bihar to deal with the flood situation, union minister ravishankarprasad prasad on sunday asked the tate government to submit a memorandum at the earliest on the damages caused by floods in the state.
bihar government should get the survey done and send its memorandum at the earliest to the centre on damages caused by floods in the state union home minister rajnath singh has said the government will act immediately after getting the memorandum in this regard, prasad told reporters.
the memorandum should have details of crops and houses damaged, list of flood-affected persons and damages caused to bridges, culverts and roads due to the floods, he said.
the union law and justice minister was talking to reporters after visiting flood affected areas and relief camps in patna and was accompanied by party mlc sanjay mayukh, mlas nitin navin and sanjeev chaurasia during the visit.
stating that the centre gives rs 479 crore every year to bihar for disaster related work, prasad said the first instalment of rs 262 crore has already been released in june, while the remaining amount, which is due in december, would be released soon if the bihar government makes a formal request.
the prime minister, who has already expressed profound grief over the loss of lives in the floods, is quick and active vis-a-vis taking action in times of disasters.
he has acted swiftly when there was floods in jammu and kashmir and earthquake in nepal, the union minister said, adding government of india took proactive role in rescuing people in bihar floods.
on the help given by centre to bihar during the current spate of floods, prasad said 22 teams of national disaster response force (ndrf) comprising 1,000 personnel including 767 rescuers were working with 71 boats and have so far evacuated 26,720 people.
he said that centre has given 20,000 metric tonnes of foodgrains to bihar to deal with flood situation.
after visiting flood-affected areas and relief camps, prasad admitted that food was being served to people living in camps but those stuck in villages are not getting grains and are forced to have flattened rice and jaggery.
people said there was no fodder to feed the cattle both in animal camps and in the villages, he said.
prasad said the people of sukulpur, nathachak, raibagh, kasara, nizampur villages of punadih panchayats of patna sadar complained that they have not got anything.
i am quite surprised to see if people living in villages located barely 10-12 km away from patna are not getting relief material, then what will be the situation at other places.
i strongly condemn this, the minister said.
it minister ravishankarprasad prasad said that while the government is supportive of the social media, it will not allow abuse of the platform nor irresponsible traffic in data commerce.
(express file photo by prem nath pandey) it minister ravishankarprasad prasad said that while the government is supportive of the social media, it will not allow abuse of the platform nor irresponsible traffic in data commerce.
(express file photo by prem nath pandey)the government will not allow fly-by-night data mining firms to improperly harvest social media data of indian citizens, law and it minister ravishankarprasad prasad has said.
in an interview to pti, he said that while the government is supportive of the social media, it will not allow abuse of the platform nor irresponsible traffic in data commerce.
the government has already slapped notices to the controversial, uk-based data mining firm cambridge analytica for improperly obtaining information from tens of millions of facebook users globally, including in india and is awaiting its response.
no fly-by-night operator will now be able to play with data.
i am all for campaigning on social media and these platforms but you cannot play with the (user) consent, prasad said.
the comments assume significance in the run up to general elections slated next year.
cambridge analytica, a data-mining firm embroiled in a scandal purportedly over its work for us president donald trumps 2016 campaign, is alleged to have improperly obtained information from tens of millions of facebook users to develop political ads.
india, in march, slapped a notice on cambridge analytica to explain if it was engaged in improperly harvesting facebook data of indian citizens.
the second notice was sent last month.
the company has since begun insolvency proceedings in the uk and also filed for bankruptcy in the us after losing virtually all customers and suppliers.
india has sent out a very clear and firm message to these data companies that you cannot take the country lightly i am very firm, we hold our democratic credentials very strongly, said prasad.
the it ministry will wait for cambridge analytica to respond to the second notice, prasad said, adding that a final view in the matter will be taken once the reply comes in.
earlier this month, facebook responded to governments latest notice over alleged data breach, outlining in detail the changes made to protect users information.
but cambridge analytica announced its closure in a statement on its website and claimed it had been vilified for activities that are legal and considered a standard component of online advertising.
indian officials familiar with the line of questioning and notices sent in the data leak matter have said that cambridge analytica had recently indicated to the it ministry that it intends to send response to the government latest notice.
government officials had also maintained that the shutting down of cambridge analytica will not impact its ongoing probe as the liability of the company existed prior to the closure announcement.
stating that he wants india to become a hub of data analysis, prasad said that such aspirations will have to be strictly balanced with adequate safeguards for data protection and respect for user consent.
i want india to become a centre of data analysis but we are very clear that the element of consent has to be given due regardto have a robust balance between a need for data analysis and the need to protect the right of individual data owners, he added.
india is already penning stronger data protection laws and a 10-member committee formed last year under the chairmanship of justice b n srikrishna (former supreme court judge) to give shape to the new data protection framework, is widely expected to finalize it views by next month.
union minister for electronics & information technology ravishankarprasad prasad.
union minister for electronics & information technology ravishankarprasad prasad.
work is on to make 100 government websites differently-abled friendly and 16 such websites are ready, union minister for electronics & information technology ravishankarprasad prasad said on wednesday.
optical fibre measuring 1.
39 lakh kms to connect village panchayats with internet has been laid since last two years as against 398 km from 2011-14 during the upa.
he claimed nearly 104 crore people, comparable to the size of population of italy and france, are in the ambit of the aadhar and mobile connections in india since last two years.
what is digital india?
we are seeking to bridge the divide between digital haves and digital have-nots, he said while listing the achievements of modi government since last two years.
of 125 crore people 104 have aadhar card.
they are digitally verifiable.
with one click, you can view your face, your iris and finger-tip.
it has happened in a completely secure condition and we have are the first ones to have done this, prasad claimed.
he was speaking at the launch of sugamya pustakalaya- an online library for persons with visual disabilities.
the online library was launched by prasad, union hrd minister prakash javadekar, union minister for social justice and empowerment thaawarchand gehlot, and his two deputies krishan pal gurjar and ramdas athawal.
books are available in accessible formats for people with visual impairment and other print disabilities.
people can access over two lakhs books in diverse languages, integrating libraries across india and the globe, including the largest international library bookshare.
we have linked divyangjans with the common servicecentres in our country.
national informatics centre (nic) is in the process of making 100 government websites divyang friendly of which 16 have already been made divyang friendly, prasad said, as he urged ngos and citizens to use my gov to provide valuable inputs on central schemes.
prasad said in order to help children suffering from autism, an e-learning tool has also been developed by the national institute of mentally handicapped and all the scholarships will be under one banner.
javadekar said there are 23 lakh people special ability under the sarva shiksha abhiyan.
as the hrd minister, javadekar said, he receives invitations for convocations, but he has accepted the first invitation from the university meant for differently abled in thiruvanathapuram.
gurjar said people with special abilities dont need sympathy of the people but deserve their love, affection and support.
b'bjp president amit shah.
(express photo/file) bjp president amit shah.
(express photo/file)a group of bjps dalit mps, who on thursday met law minister ravishankarprasad prasad, said they would meet party chief amit shah to press for a review petition against a supreme court order, which dilutes a law covering cases of atrocities against scheduled castes and tribes.
bjps sc morcha chief vinod kumar sonkar, who is also a lok sabha member, told pti that they met prasad and would meet shah, and insisted that the government would ensure that no harm was done to the interests of the community.
prasad told a press conference that the government was examining the apex courts judgement and would give a structured response to it in the coming days.
some mps said on the condition of anonymity that the only way out for the government was to file a review petition in the court as the issue had the potential to become a political hot potato for the saffron party, which had been wooing dalits.
expressing concern over misuse of the sc/st (prevention of atrocities) act, the supreme court on tuesday introduced the provision of anticipatory bail and ruled against automatic arrest of the accused booked under the law.
several bjp leaders said it would work against the interests of dalits with one of them saying that several laws were misused but it should not result in diluting them and that atrocities against dalits remained a serious issue in vast parts of the country.
bizay sonkar shastri, a dalit leader from the bjp and its spokesperson, said it was a serious issue, more so as 90 per cent of criminal cases resulted in the acquittal of accused and the order would further weaken the law.
he recalled that the then uttar pradesh chief minister mayawati in 2002 had passed an order asking police invoke the sc/st act in serious cases only and claimed that he as the then chairperson of the sc and st commission had played a role in pressuring her to withdraw the decision.
the supreme courts order more dangerous than that, he said.
shastri said bjp leaders had met non-sc/st lawmakers in parliament as well and they were also sympathetic to their plea.
indu malhotra indu malhotrathe government is learnt to have cleared the appointment of senior advocate indu malhotra as a judge of the supreme court, sources in the law ministry said today.
she will be the first woman to be appointed to the top post directly from the bar.
with this development, the government has decided to put on hold the elevation of justice k m joseph, who heads the uttarakhand high court.
on january 22, the apex court collegiums file recommending the elevation of justice joseph and malhotra reached the law ministry.
after processing the file in the first week of february, the recommendations were kept in abeyance as the government wanted to elevate only malhotra.
but now, the government has gone ahead with the appointment of malhotra and kept on hold the elevation of justice joseph.
the government feels that while recommending the name of justice joseph, the collegium has disregarded seniority and regional representation.
he is 42nd in the seniority list of 669 high court judges.
law minister ravishankarprasad prasad would now write to chief justice of india dipak misra about its decision to appoint only malhotra, the sources added.
b'the cost of the project is rs 19.
1 crore and annual operational expenditure is around rs 7.
2 crore.
the cost of the project is rs 19.
1 crore and annual operational expenditure is around rs 7.
2 crore.
prime minister narendra modi will inaugurate 100 mw power supply by remote control from tripuras palatana project to bangladesh on march 23.
the same day bangladesh prime minister sheikh hasina would provide 10 gb internet bandwidth to india, tripura power and communication minister manik dey told reporters on wednesday.
dey said there would not be any formal function in the state to mark the occasion as the entire programme would be held through video-conferencing.
after the formal opening of international gateway of internet, tripura will be third state which is having such gateway after mumbai and chennai.
this will help the entire north eastern states, he said.
telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad had laid the foundation of the project in agartala on july 13, 2015 that aims at strengthening telecom services in the north eastern states.
under the project, an international gateway for broadband connectivity will be set up at agartala in which connectivity will be provided through bangladesh under an agreement between bsnl and bangladesh submarine cable company limited.
the cost of the project is rs 19.
1 crore and annual operational expenditure is around rs 7.
2 crore.
the bandwidth of 10 gb can be extended up to 40 gb.
meanwhile, pricing of one unit of power was fixed at rs 5.
5 in a meeting between tripura power minister manik dey and bangladesh minister of state for power nasirul hamid on january 9 last in dhaka.
pgcil erected 47 km long 400 kv double circuit transmission lines from suryamaninagar powergrid near here to comilla in bangladesh.
the 726 mw gas based thermal power project at palatana in gomati district is run by ongc tripura power corporation (otpc).
ravi shankar prasad ravishankarprasad prasadthe bjp believes in the innocence of its leaders in the babri masjid case, party leader ravishankarprasad prasad said on thursday and rejected as imaginary a question on whether the supreme court order will impact the possible candidature of l k advani and murli manohar joshi in the presidential and vice presidential polls.
we believe in the innocence of our important leaders, including advani ji and joshi jithey have been facing trial and they will face trial in terms of process of law, he said.
asked whether the sc order asking them to face trial will impact their candidature for the posts of the president and the vice president, elections for which are due in the next few months, the union minister said he would not respond to imaginary questions.
while the term of president pranab mukherjee is coming to an end on july 24, the term of vice president hamid ansari ends on august 10.
top bjp leaders advani, joshi and uma bharti will be tried for criminal conspiracy in the 1992 babri masjid demolition case as the supreme court had on wednesday allowed a cbi plea for restoring the charge against them.
the apex court, however, noted that rajasthan governor kalyan singh enjoys constitutional immunity and can be tried only after he ceases to hold the office.
singh was the chief minister of uttar pradesh in 1992.
prasad said the case relating to the demolition is not a new one and had been on since 1993.
it has gone through various stages of justiceit was a supremer court order which said cases in lucknow and rae bareli should go on separately.
now the court has said that the two cases be clubbed together.
both are the supreme courts orders.
the supreme court is supreme, he said.
uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath.
(file photo) uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath.
(file photo)uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath will be one of the star campaigners of the bjp for the mcd polls scheduled to be held on april 23.
the party has prepared a list of star campaigners, including union ministers, chief ministers of bjp-ruled states, senior party leaders, and delhi bjp chief manoj tiwari will personally request them to campaign in the run-up to the mcd polls.
it is a tentative list of senior party leaders who will campaign in the municipal elections and expose the aam aadmi party and its leader arvind kejriwal, said delhi bjp vice president ravindra gupta.
uttar pradesh deputy chief minister keshav prasad maurya will also campaign for the saffron party in the mcd polls, he added.
names of union ministers, including those of rajnath singh, arun jaitley, m venkaiah naidu, nitin gadkari, ravishankarprasad prasad, harsh vardhan and vijay goel, also figure in bjps list of star campaigners for the mcd polls.
actress-turned-politician and the saffron partys mp from mathura hema malini will also campaign in the election for the 272 wards of the three municipal corporations in the national capital, which is expected to witness a three-pronged contest among the bjp, aap and congress.
chief ministers of bjp-ruled maharashtra, assam, jharkhand, uttarakhand, chhattisgarh, haryana, rajasthan and madhya pradesh will also take part in the campaigning.
tiwari and another bhojpuri filmstar, ravi kishan, also feature among the partys star campaigners.
senior bjp leader from bihar sushil modi too will campaign in a bid by the saffron party to woo the huge chunk of voters from that state living in the city.
senior party leaders kalraj mishra, smriti irani, radha mohan singh, giriraj singh, sanjiv balyan, jitendra singh, vijay kumar malhotra, shahnawaj hussain, sambit patra will also take part in the campaigning among others.
b'union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
(express photo by prem nath pandey/file) union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
(express photo by prem nath pandey/file)following former prime minister manmohan singhs criticism of pm narendra modis long silence over the rape cases in kathua and unnao, union minister ravishankarprasad prasad on wednesday came to the latters defence saying modi had responded strongly on the incidents.
pm modi, the minister said, has condemned the rapes, terming them shameful and inhuman and has also ensured action.
taking on singh, he further said that unlike his predecessors, prime minister modis orders are acted upon instantly.
dr manmohan singh, unlike your observation, when pm modi says something its heard and action is taken.
please dr manmohan singh dont compare your days with that of modi jis, ani quoted prasad as saying.
read | manmohan singh on kathua, unnao rape cases: pm narendra modi should follow own advice to me, speak more oftenearlier, senior congress leader manmohan singh had hit out at pm modi for his delayed response over the rape and murder of an eight-year-old girl in kathua and the alleged rape of a teenager by a bjp mla in unnao, saying modi should follow his own advice to me and speak more often.
in an exclusive interview to the indian express, singh said he was glad that modi finally broke his silence last friday at an event in delhi commemorating the birth anniversary of b r ambedkar, when he said the daughters of india will get justice and the guilty wont be spared.
singh said modis failure to speak up earlier had allowed people to think that they could get away without stern action being taken against them.
i do feel that those in authority must speak up in time (so as) to give a lead to their followers, he said.
information technology and telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad monday vowed to take broadband to the doorsteps of the common man via a policy push and entrepreneurship ecosystem, and said the government will also work proactively to make india an export hub for electronics products.
advertisingoutlining an ambitious vision for digital india 2.
0, the minister exhorted indian it companies and its apex software body nasscom to participate in creation of digital villages in the country, and supplement the governments efforts in the digital literacy movement.
one of the priority areas and i am working on itbroadband available at your doorstepsin this we want to involve entrepreneurs.
just like a mobile sim card is available in paan shops, can we do something similar for broadband, prasad told reporters here.
he said availability of broadband and mobiles is an essential component of digital india, which is feeding the digital appetite of the country.
advertisingcable operators brought television to the doors of the people, the pco and common service centre (csc) became big movements.
so did business process outsourcing (bpo)can we come up with an architecture backed by entrepreneurship and a good policy where broadband is available for all, he said.
india will leverage its existing strength in electronics manufacturing and strong talent pool to position itself as an export hub for electronics products, prasad said.
electronics manufacturing is a part of digital india.
my ministry will work to make india a big export hub for electronics products.
we have the human resource and qualified personnel in this area, prasad said adding that policy tweaks in this regard will be made soon.
the minister further said efforts should be made to see how 5g and new technologies like artificial intelligence can be leveraged under digital india.
the government is working on creating one lakh digital villages, he said and urged nasscom and it industry to participate in the programme.
many ministers and mlas are unhappy with yogi adityanath as he does not bother to interact with them and their wings have been clipped.
many ministers and mlas are unhappy with yogi adityanath as he does not bother to interact with them and their wings have been clipped.
ostrich attitudein parliament, bjp president amit shah appeared chipper and confident despite his partys setbacks in the recently held bypolls.
he breezily remarked that while the bjp has just won eight states, the media was focusing merely on eight by-elections.
the bjp may dismiss the uttar pradesh results as an aberration and the result of the arithmetic of the sp-bsp alliance, but there are clear indications that the partys own cadre is unhappy.
in phulpur and gorakhpur, it needs to analyse not just who came to vote, but who did not.
in gorakhpur city, yogi adityanaths pocket borough, the turnout was a mere 37 per cent.
in allahabad north, the bjp stronghold in phulpur, the turnout was 20 per cent.
many ministers and mlas are unhappy with yogi adityanath as he does not bother to interact with them and their wings have been clipped.
the mlas are resentful that their traditional powers have been taken away from them, whether it is giving instructions to the police or control over permits and quotas.
in the bargain, they are unable to keep the partys support base happy.
adityanath, accustomed to running his mutt as a one-man show, has little experience in running a political party or a government, they grumble.
uncle sampriyanka gandhi may not have figured prominently at the congress plenary session, but behind the scenes, she played an active role in organisational matters.
a perfectionist, priyanka even took interest in trying to control the mosquitoes that swarmed all over the indira gandhi indoor stadium in delhi.
she supervised the fumigation and cleaning up of the venue.
however, the mosquito menace could not be fully tackled.
several new concepts in the programme also had priyankas touch.
some congresspersons claimed that it was at her behest that the revolutionary decision was taken to do away with the partys century-old tradition of placing chairs and bolsters for a select few on stage.
this time the dais was reserved only for the person speaking.
that way, there was no heartburn among leaders.
others, however, say it was sam pitroda who first mooted the idea, inspired by the us democratic party convention.
the eye-catching lighting, using the indian flag colours, the sound effects and the music between speeches, all seem to have been modelled on american political conventions.
similar messageson the day of the bjps defeat in the two by-elections in uttar pradesh, the twitter feeds of none of the partys top leaders made any reference to the poll debacle or on the need for introspection.
instead, amit shah, dharmendra pradhan, piyush goyal, nirmala sitharaman, sarbananda sonowal, suresh prabhu, ravishankarprasad prasad, ananth kumar, sambit patra and many others focused on condoling the death of iconic scientist stephen hawking.
the similarity in the wording of the condolence messages also led to the speculation that there was a party diktat on sending out the messages on hawking and not the bypolls.
for instance, the line understanding of the universe while referring to hawking found a mention in almost all of the bjp leaders tweets.
reality bitesrahul gandhi called on ncp president sharad pawar at his daughter supriya sules residence in delhi, to discuss a possible electoral alliance for maharashtra.
this displeased some maharashtra congress leaders who felt that they were not consulted and that pawar should have called on rahul.
they pointed out that rahuls predecessors as congress president, sonia and rajiv, made it a matter of prestige and always met opposition leaders on their own terms, except in the case of jayalalithaa.
the congress leaders need a reality check on the partys debilitated state.
for instance, unlike the bsp, the congress did not agree to support the samajwadi party in the two up bypolls.
talks with akhilesh yadav broke down because the congress insisted that it be allowed to contest in one of the two seats.
eventually the congress lost its deposit in both gorakhpur and phulpur.
mayawatis termsafter gorakhpur and phulpur, mayawati is contemplating taking akhileshs help to fight the kairana lok sabha bypoll in uttar pradesh.
though mayawati does not normally contest by-elections, she wants to make an exception in this case as both the sp and bsp have strong pockets of influence in the constituency.
the increasing bonhomie between the sp and bsp, however, is not helping the congress.
mayawati insists that any tie-up with the congress cannot be restricted to just up, madhya pradesh and rajasthan, but must extend across the country.
something that the congress is unwilling to concede.
the agustawestland chopper deal had its echo in the rajya sabha today with bjp demanding a discussion on the issue and government agreeing to have it tomorrow.
we are ready for a discussion on the issue tomorrow, minister of state for parliamentary affairs rajiv shukla said after bjp insisted on an immediate discussion on the issue.
raising the issue during zero hour,prakash javadekar (bjp) said,the whole nation is being robbed.
everyday we are reading such stories.
there are reports that kickbacks to the tune of rs 400 crore were paid its a shame.
it is a question of nations pride.
leader of opposition arun jaitley said the government should agree to a debate on a particular day,preferably tomorrow on the issue,after which shukla said the defence minister wanted some more time as more details on the issue were awaited and suggested a discussion by next week.
as bjp members including venkaiah naidu,najma heptulla and ravishankarprasad prasad disagreed and were up on their feet demanding immediate discussion on the chopper deal and defence minister a k antonys response on it,shukla said a debate on farmers problems was slated for tomorrow on naidus demand and if he agreed to change it government can discuss the chopper deal tomorrow itself.
e m s natchiappan,who was in the chair,told members that there were other issues mentioned during zero hour,on which the members insisted parliamentary affairs minister rajiv shukla to respond.
government is ready to have a discussion on it at anypoint of time.
i had discussed the issue with the defence minister,he is ready for it next week.
in case the members want to take up the issue tomorrow,we are ready, shukla said on this,ravi shankar prasad said,we want proper answers tomorrow.
sp members also rose on their feet with naresh agarwal saying that they had given a notice for taking up the issue of price rise soon after the question hour.
the price rise issue has not been taken up for discussion despite notice which amounts breaking of the rules and as a protest we are walking out from the house, agarwal said and staged a walk out with sp members despite natchiappan saying that the issue too would be taken up.
ravi shankar prasad (express photo) ravishankarprasad prasad (express photo)india and portugal stressed the need to further explore opportunities to strengthen ties in the field of information and communication technology, it minister ravishankarprasad prasad said on monday.
to fast-track the collaboration, the government is also looking to set up a working group to enhance the scope for furthering ties, which will be a follow-up of a bilateral agreement between between both the countries.
watch what else is in the newsfrom cyber security to digital delivery to financial inclusion, there is a great scope of working between portugal and india.
we are very soon going to start working group between portugal and india, prasad said after meeting maria manuel leitao marques, portugals minister of presidency and administrative modernisation.
prasad said the working group is follow-up of bilateral agreement signed between prime minister narendra modi and his portuguese counterpart antonio costa.
portugal and india have got very close relationship, extending for more than 500 years.
it is a matter of great moment that present prime minister of portugal also has great indian roots, prasad said.
during the meeting, both prasad and marques discussed possible areas of mutual cooperation for both the governments in the filed of information and communication technology.
india also agreed to support portugal with capacity building to scale up mechanisms for e-delivery of governance and citizen schemes.
we talked a lot of our mutual cooperation in the field of ict.
portugal has good experience working in the field of it services; pro-people app model are there.
i explained to her how digital india is working.
how citizens are getting engaged, prasad said.
marques will deliver a keynote at the icegov conference to be held between march 7 9.
marques said it is going to be a good opportunity to speak about future and our goals are similar.
using ict, using smartphones to make life easier for citizen and business, to making life happier for everybody which means inclusivity, social inclusion and financial inclusion for everybody.
its possible now because technology is something more accessible than in the past.
she said portugal has similar strategy as of india on the way ict can be efficiently used to make public administration friendly for citizens and also friendly for business to improve competitiveness of portugal, attract investments, create jobs and we have similar points where we can collaborate.
b'stepping up its attack on congress on corruption issue,bjp today said prime minister manmohan singh,railway minister pawan kumar bansal and law minister ashwani kumar should step down otherwise people will throw them out.
the opposition party also charged the congress with adopting different yardsticks for its allies.
congress is indulging in corruption and saves its own ministers over corruption.
why are there different standards for a raja and kalanidhi maran and for congress ministers when corruption allegations are levelled against them.
they fear that the heat will reach the prime minister, bjp leader ravishankarprasad prasad told reporters.
bjp vice president mukhtar abbas naqvi said the congress party,which was formed to bring in a revolution in the country,has today turned into a party of the corrupt.
the revolutionary congress has now become the corrupt congress.
mahatma gandhi laid the foundation of the congress for bringing in a revolution,but sonia gandhi has made it into the congress of corruption, said naqvi.
those who are indulging in crime and those protecting them are both culprits.
the prime minister and the ministers involved in these scams should resign and will have to go.
otherwise,the people of the country will throw them out, the bjp leader said.
he said the cbi had cleared doubts about the government making changes in the status report.
this is corruption and the government is trying to cover it up, bjp leader yashwant sinha said,making a reference to the story of alibaba.
bjp spokesperson prakash javadekar said,if there is any an iota of shame left in the government,it should immediately resign.
b'congress vice president rahul gandhi at the parliament on monday.
(pti photo) congress vice president rahul gandhi at the parliament on monday.
(pti photo)congress vice president rahul gandhi today sought to brush aside bjps attempts to drag him into the cwg and vvip chopper scams, saying he is happy to be targeted.
i am always being targeted, happy to be targeted, he told reporters while entering parliament house.
he was asked about bjp mp kirit somaiyas letter to ed and cbi asking them to check gandhis links with a real estate developer allegedly involved in the cwg scam and also the alleged connections of his political aide with a middleman in the agustawestland deal.
watch video| top leaders comment on rahul gandhisomaiya had said that guido haschke, an alleged middleman in the chopper deal is common in both the scams and that he is linked to christian michel, an accused in the vvip chopper scam.
speaking outside the parliament, union minister ravishankarprasad prasad said, we have no intentions of targeting rahul gandhi, but we are not going to spare corrupt people.
ravi shankar prasad ravishankarprasad prasadamid demands to lift ban on bull taming sport of jallikattu, the government on friday said it is making efforts to bring out a legal solution at the earliest.
law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said here that the narendra modi government respects the culture of tamil nadu and is mindful of the sentiments expressed by the people in the state through a peaceful protest.
efforts are on to bring out a legal solution at the earliest  i along with environment minister anil dave and attorney general (mukul rohatgi) have discussed the issue.
we have also talked to bjp president amit shah, he told reporters here refusing to elaborate whether the state government would come up with an ordinance on the issue.
prasad also hit out at the previous upa government for challenging the law on jallikattu of the tamil nadu government after the matter was flagged by the animal welfare board and termed it as a legacy issue for the present government.
asked whether a legislation was the right way as it would set a precedent and people would demand revocation of ban on other similar sport, he said legislation is the felt need of the society.
in a bid to defuse the swelling street protests, tamil nadu government on friday said it will issue an ordinance to ensure the conduct of jallikattu sport in a day or two and has submitted a draft of it to the union home ministry.
after discussions with prime minister narendra modi and consultations with legal experts, tamil nadu chief minister o panneerselvam announced this morning that the state government will amend a central act on prevention of cruelty to animals to allow conduct of jallikattu in the state with centres backing.
b'dalit activists block traffic in new delhi.
(source: express photo by praveen khana) dalit activists block traffic in new delhi.
(source: express photo by praveen khana)four persons were killed and five others sustained gunshot wounds as the bandh called by dalit organizations against the alleged dilution of sc/st (prevention of atrocities) act turned violent in madhya pradesh.
many more, including police officials, were injured as clashes erupted in morena, gwalior, and bhind districts forcing the authorities to clamp curfew in parts of these three districts and impose prohibitory orders in sagar, datia and balaghat districts.
tension prevailed in other parts of the state but no major incident was reported.
follow live updatesig (law and order) makrand deuskar said all four deaths and injuries resulted from gunshots fired either by protesters or those against the bandh.
he said the police did fire in the air at two places but no one was injured.
he said the death and injury toll could change.
he, whoever, added that the police will await post mortem reports before making any definite comments about gunshots.
internet services in these three districts have been shut.
rakesh jatav and deepak jatav died in gwalior town and mahavir rajawat and rahul pathak died in bhind and morena towns.
at least five persons were injured in firing in bhind.
gwalior-chambal region of mp has a very percentage of licensed gun holders.
superintendents of police in several sensitive districts, especially in gwalior-chambal and malwa regions had been warned to be on alert, a senior police officer said.
groups of slogan-shouting protesters moved in all main cities like indore, bhopal and jabalpur but trouble was reported from gwalior where people refused to down shutters when asked leading to clashes.
the chhattisgarh express was stopped at morena railway station for a long time.
there were reports that protesters pelted stones at the train forcing passengers shut windows and doors.
the train developed a snag and was stopped for hours there.
read | bharat bandh: mayawati condemns violence, slams centre over delay in filing review petition against sc/st rulingas tension spread, at least two police stations and one chowky were attacked by protesters.
deuskar said many police personnel were injured in the attack.
appealing for calm, chief minister shivraj singh chouhan said that the central government has filed a review petition in the supreme court.
our government is committed to protecting the rights of scheduled castes and scheduled tribes, he tweeted in the wake of violence.
as violence escalated, the cm called the chief secretary and the dgp to review the law and order situation at an emergency meeting in his chamber.
nirbhayas parents at a protest in jantar mantar in 2015.
(express file photo by tashi tobgyal) nirbhayas parents at a protest in jantar mantar in 2015.
(express file photo by tashi tobgyal)in a much-awaited judgment, the supreme court on friday upheld the death sentence of four people, convicted of assaulting, gang-raping and murdering a 23-year-old in the national capital in december 2012.
the nirbhaya case, which created a wave of shock and anger across the country, led to nationwide protests calling for strict action against the culprits and stronger laws to ensure safety of women.
read: a timeline of what all has happened over the yearsthe apex court bench, while pronouncing its judgment on friday, observed that the victim was treated in a devilish manner which was humanly inconceivable.
it sounds like a story from a different world where humanity has been treated with irreverence, the three-judge bench said.
it added that the incident brought about a tsunami of shock across the country.
of the six people convicted for the heinous crime, ram singh was found hanging in jail and another, a juvenile, was tried by the juvenile justice board and completed three years in a remand home.
akshay thakur, pawan gupta, vinay sharma and mukesh singh were sentenced to death by a delhi-based fast track court in 2013, the verdict of which was later upheld by the delhi high court in 2014.
the high court had described the offense as unparalleled in the history of criminal jurisprudence and said the exemplary punishment was the need of the hour.
also read: highlights from the sc judgmentreacting to the verdict, nirbhayas mother asha devi told pti, though we have lost our daughter, we are satisfied that the court has awarded death sentence to her perpetrators.
her father said justice has been meted to the family and the nation.
the defence council, led by ap singh, said they will appeal against the verdict again.
you cannot sentence somebody to death just to make an example in the society.
human rights is in tatters, ap singh told pti.
justice not done, we will file review petition after reading the order.
politicians cutting across party lines also reacted to the apex court judgment.
union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad told pti, its a big day for the countrys rule of law.
there was a public outcry and tension in the country regarding this case.
people were angry.
the injustice done to the brave girl was shameful and cruel.
the country was waiting (for the verdict).
i welcome the honble supreme court verdict upholding the death sentences of the accused in nirbhaya case.
justice prevailed, union minister kiren rijiju tweeted.
congress president sonia gandhi told pti, feel deeply for courageous family of brave daughter of india, became symbol of all womens fight against sexual violence.
read: who said what after the judgmenti am happy that the verdict has been upheld though i wish it had come sooner, said women and child development minister maneka gandhi.
she was instrumental in the passage of the juvenile justice bill that was passed earlier this year.
congress spokesperson randeep s surjewala said justice has been delivered in the heart-wrenching case.
however, he questioned whether everything is being done to provide a safe environment to women.
ncrb data of 22.
2  rise in rape cases is a chilling reminder to the govt & society towards building a safe environment for our women.
still,6 women are raped daily in national capital,delhi.
1000cr #nirbhaya fund not utilised.
only 20 out of 660 one stop centres set up.
why?
he asked on twitter.
cpm leader brinda karat said that while she is against capital punishment, the strictest punishment was needed for the heinous crime.
she also questioned the selective nature of the judicial process, in light of the bilkis bano case, in which the convicts were handed only life sentences.
delhi commission for women head swati maliwal welcomed the decision.
she said justice was delayed but not denied.
on december 16, 2012, nirbhaya (as the victim is referred by) boarded a private bus along with a male companion after watching a film in saket.
when they realised that the bus was headed towards the direction opposite to their destination , a scuffle broke out between the victims friend and the occupants of the bus.
nirbhaya and her friend were questioned as to why they were out together at such a late hour.
then, they were assaulted.
nirbhaya succumbed to her injuries at a hospital in singapore two weeks later.
her companion survived.
b'congress demanded pahlaj nihalanis resignation, saying his chamchagiri (sycophancy) of prime minister narendra modi should not affect the film industry.
congress demanded pahlaj nihalanis resignation, saying his chamchagiri (sycophancy) of prime minister narendra modi should not affect the film industry.
coming down heavily on censor board chairman pahlaj nihalani, the congress on thursday (june 9) demanded his resignation, saying his chamchagiri (sycophancy) of prime minister narendra modi should not affect the film industry.
if pahlaj nihlani wants to serve bjp as its worker, he should step down from the censor board and take the membership of bjp.
he proudly says that he is modi ji ka chamcha but his chamchagiri should not affect the film industry that has brought laurels to the country, senior congress spokesperson and veteran actor raj babbar told reporters at the party headquarters here.
watch: udta punjab controversy: youth has the right to know drugs are a menace, says shahid kapoorthe way pahlaj nihalani has chosen his words, that he is chamcha of narendra modi is really unfortunate, babbar said insisting: the film industry that was once led by mehboob khan, v. shantaram, bimal roy, k. asif, b.r. chopra, raj kapoor and guru dutt, now has a censor board headed by such kind of a person who proudly says he is modi ka chamcha.
babbar asserted that narendra modi who was elected to govern the country is busy empowering his chamchas.
be it the pune film institute or censor board or other national institutes of significance, modi ji has empowered his chamchas.
be it hyderabad universitys vice chancellor appa rao, or indira gandhi national centre for arts chairman ram bahadur rai, it seems the modi government has been reduced to the government of chamchas, babbar said.
siding with the makers of film udta punjab, babbar said the film industry has nothing to do with politics and a film should be treated as a film only.
watch: ravishankarprasad prasad reacts to the udta punjab row & nihalanis modis chamcha commentour vice president rahul gandhi had said it two years ago that if flow of drugs in the state (punjab) is not stopped, it will ruin the youth and the state.
if the filmmakers have tried to convey the same message through the film, what is the point of suppressing their voice, asked babbar.
censor board has no business to cut the scenes.
its job is limited to issuing certificates to the film, he said.
babbar said that as far as punjab was concerned, punjabiyat does not need to defend itself as the state has sacrificed, has filled the stomach of the country and guarded its borders to prove what it is capable of.
if government thinks it has done enough to control the drug menace in the state, the upcoming elections will sum it up, babbar said.
meanwhile, the film producers guild of india had appealed to the central government to remove central board of film certification (cbfc) chief nihalani as he was only harming the industry.
co-producer of the film anurag kashyap had also approached the bombay high court against the censor board.
b'prime minister narendra modi (r) with union ministers arun jaitley (c) and ravishankarprasad prasad at parliament house in new delhi (express photo/praveen jain/file) prime minister narendra modi (r) with union ministers arun jaitley (c) and ravishankarprasad prasad at parliament house in new delhi (express photo/praveen jain/file)the union law ministry on thursday consented to the social justice ministrys proposal to challenge the supreme courts recent order on the scheduled caste and scheduled tribes atrocities (prevention) act, 1989, sources told the indian express.
the dalit mps in the nda have been mounting pressure on the government to file a review petition against the ruling.
the apex court, on march 20, observed instances of abuse of the act by vested interests for political or personal reasons.
in light of this, the sc laid down stringent safeguards, including provisions for anticipatory bail and a preliminary enquiry before registering a case under the act.
read | in uttar pradesh, a bjp dalit mp speaks up: we need to save constitution, bahujansto avoid false implication of an innocent, a preliminary enquiry may be conducted by the dsp concerned to find out whether the allegations make out a case under the atrocities act and that the allegations are not frivolous or motivated, ruled a bench of justices a k goel and u u lalit.
a delegation of dalit mps had met prime minister narendra modi wednesday to discuss the judgment and voice their concerns.
following the meeting, minister of state for social justice ramdas athawale had stated, the pm said the government is in the process of filing a review petition once the law ministry finishes studying the matter.
our government is doing the most work for welfare of dalits, unlike other governments who were all talk.
express explained | rising pendency, falling convictions: what data on sc/st act trials showthe bjp has more than three dozen sc mps.
athawales republican party of india (a)  a bjp ally  meanwhile is filing its own review petition in the sc to challenge the judgment.
our lawyers feel we should take a stand as a party.
in the review petition, we will state that it was after detailed discussions in parliament that offences under this act were made non-bailable.
by diluting it, atrocities against dalits will increase, the dalit leader from maharashtra had said.
an article in the organiser asks whether sitaram yechury, the newly elected cpm general secretary, will be able to deal with the factionalism in the partys kerala unit, which is the partys financial source.
the article blames former general secretary prakash karat and the partys central leadership for keeping v.s. achuthanandan,the only living founder-leader of the cpm and one who commands the support of party sympathisers and party voters, out of the politburo.
karat was always in support of [the] pinarayi [vijayan] faction.
even during the controversy of [the] snc-lavalin kerala hydroelectric scandal, when corruption charges kept on showering on pinarayi, and when vs allegedly tried his level best to trap his bte noire karat took an open stand in favour of his blue-eyed boy, the article says.
the article says there is a sharp division in the kerala unit, with one faction keen on making vijayan the chief ministerial candidate: can sitaram yechury overrule every stand of the kerala state unit?
the answer is  it is not easy always.
because, [the] kerala unit possesses not only muscle power but also the other important power, that is, money this is the challenge yechury has to counter when he starts to handle kerala affairs.
advice for bjppanchjanya takes a critical view of the criticism and protests against the bjp-led governments land acquisition bill.
slamming parties, especially the aap for its protest during which a farmer died , and asking how delhi  a state that has farm houses but only a few farmers  can host protest rallies, the editorial also offers advice to the bjp.
it praises the narendra modi government for fair compensation for crop damage and the reduction of eligibility to 33 per cent of crop loss for rain-hit farmers.
the editorial advises the bjp that the governments credibility should not be lost in the myths created by the opposition and urges the party to work at the grassroots level to remove the misunderstanding.
it says, the party should not be complacent, hoping truth will prevail.
well-wishers of farmers need to stand with them in their hour of crisis and prove their credibility.
net neutralityin an interview with the organiser, telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad says the government is committed to a non-discriminatory internet available to everyone in the country.
that is the fundamental point i would like to highlight.
and all this architecture is basically for that only.
broadband or broadband penetration is important, which we are doing, prasad says.
he says all the big companies like google, facebook, etc have offices in india, but prime minister narendra modi wants indians to build companies like google and facebook.
reiterating that the government wants to bridge the divide between digital haves and digital have-nots, digital literates and digital non-literates, prasad takes a swipe at congress vice president rahul gandhi who raised net neutrality in the lok sabha: rahul gandhi should reply to me first who was under pressure when 2g was happening?
which companies influenced it then?
pointing out that it was the previous government that brought in section 66a of the it act, prasad says he got the entire affidavit changed saying that this government is for free expression of speech on social media.
the muslim women (protection of rights on marriage) bill, 2019, which proposes to criminalise instant triple talaq was introduced in lok sabha on friday amid commotion and confusion.
advertisingthe government introduced the new bill to replace an ordinance, but even before union minister of law and justice ravishankarprasad prasad could introduce it, there was confusion on whether the opposition members should get an opportunity to object to the introduction before he introduced it or after his opening statement.
as speaker om birla asked the minister to introduce the bill, aimims asaddudin owaisi, ncps supriya sule, dmks a raja and kanimozhi, samajwadi partys kunwar danish ali and leader of congress in the house adhir ranjan chowdhury objected, claiming that they be given a chance to present their objections.
prasad said once he moves the bill, the opposition will get a chance to speak before the introduction of the bill and he will respond to them before the vote.
advertisingthe minister is only asking the permission to move the bill, birla clarified.
finally the opposition relented, and prasad moved the bill.
leaders of the opposition then countered it, mostly on two points  that it criminalises a civil wrong and that it targets just one community in the garb of helping women of the country.
shashi tharoor of the congress said he is not defending triple talaq but was opposing the bill because of the text, draft and thrust of this bill.
this bill conflates civil law and criminal law by criminalising the act of triple talaq, which is an irregular form of divorce already null and void in our country post the decision of the supreme court in shayara bano vs union of india, he said.
is the action of abandoning or deserting a wife and family without responsibility a criminal act or is the form of desertion, namely, doing it by uttering talaq since abandoning or deserting wives and dependents is not unique to the muslim community, then why not make a law that universally criminalises the abandonment of family and dependents without taking responsibility instead of just focusing on one community.
the bill, he said, was an example of class legislation, which is pointed at one community or class and that violates articles 14 and 15 of the constitution.
further, he said the bill lacks procedural safeguards and can be easily misused, tharoor added.
rsps n k premachandran said the bill exceeds the legislative power of parliament.
also, he said, criminalising a civil wrong done by a particular community, that is, the muslim community, alone is discriminatory.
speaking last from the opposition, owaisi said the bill failed on parameters of intelligible differentia and rational nexus.
you are not in favour of women, you are putting the burden of proof on women.
for three years (the husband) will remain in jail, who will give the maintenance, will you give maintenance?
owaisi said.
he said if the bjp was for women, why was it against the entry of women in sabarimala.
responding to the objections, prasad said the bill was not aimed at a religion, but was a question of naari nyay, naari garima, naari insaaf.
he said that even after the supreme courts order, the practice of instant triple talaq continues and stated that 229 cases have happened since.
he said lawmakers are elected to make laws and the court is responsible for interpretation of those laws.
do not make the lok sabha a court, prasad said.
as prasad was speaking, birla asked the members to not speak among them.
when chowdhury got up to speak to his party members, birla asked him to sit down or go to the gallery outside to talk.
this prompted a furore from the opposition, with chowdhury saying it was like emergency inside the house.
after prasad had spoken, birla put up the introduction for a voice vote.
owaisi insisted that a division vote be allowed.
birla finally agreed for a division vote, but then, since seats have not yet been allotted to the members of the new lok sabha, machine voting was ruled out.
advertisingeventually, the division vote was conducted using paper slips.
with 186 votes in favour and 74 against it, prasad was allowed to introduce the bill, which will be discussed later.
photo of ms dhoni posted on twitter by cscegov handle photo of ms dhoni posted on twitter by cscegov handlethe centre which, on tuesday, leaked the aadhaar data of former indian cricket captain mahendra singh dhoni on twitter has been blacklisted for 10 years by uidai, reported news agency pti.
also, an inquiry has been ordered into the incident, said uidai ceo ajay bhushan pandey.
a photograph of dhonis application form was posted on twitter handle @cscegov following which the cricketers wife tweeted to information technology minister ravishankarprasad prasad expressing her disappointment.
is there any privacy left?
information of aadhaar card, including application is made public, sakshi tweeted to prasad.
after he was made aware of the mistake, prasad promised action on the issue.
meanwhile, aicc general secretary digvijay singh attacked prasad for leaking dhonis aadhaar data and said that another aadhaar card should be made for him.
he also demanded an apology from prasad.
the government recently announced that aadhaar will be made mandatory for filing tax returns and pan.
also, the up government is mulling to make aadhaar mandatory for haj subsidy.
the supreme court observed on monday that aadhaar cannot be made mandatory for welfare schemes provided by the government.
however, it also added that there was no problem with making it mandatory for other schemes like opening bank accounts and filing tax returns.
if the congress believes that rahul gandhis candidature in wayanad will give it a much-needed boost in kerala, and perhaps in the adjoining regions in tamil nadu and karnataka, the angry reaction of the cpm and the left should come as a vindication of its calculations in the left-ruled state.
advertisingwhile keralas congress chief mullappally ramachandran said rahuls arrival will result in a 20-20 victory  the state has 20 lok sabha seats  senior cpm leader prakash karat said the main opposition party has lost the plot by deciding to fight against the left instead of the bjp.
click for more election newsexplained exposes rift in oppn camp while again underlining the partys shrinking footprint, the congress move has also exposed faultlines in the opposition camp.
the decision may also leave the party on the defensive in up, where it has ambitiously fielded priyanka gandhi vadra to regain lost fortunes.
the bjp, meanwhile, projected rahuls decision to contest from a second seat as a panic reaction.
the partys chief amit shah claimed that rahul gandhi has fled to kerala as he fears that amethi voters will seek an account of work from him.
union minister ravishankarprasad prasad said rahul may have found wayanad a safe seat since only 49 per cent of the population is hindu.
speaking to the indian express, karat said rahuls decision goes against the stated commitment of the congress that they are going to fight the bjp and defeat the bjp.
read | rahul gandhi to contest from kerala too, congress says unity message to southin kerala, going to fight in wayanad means they are fighting against the left.
we are going to fight against the udf, including rahul gandhi, in wayanad.
we will work to defeat the udf and win all the 20 seats.
the congress has lost the plot.
they said their main fight was against the bjp, but they have diverted their fight to one against the left, karat said.
cpm general secretary sitaram yechury said the lefts priority is to defeat the modi-led bjp-nda government and to ensure an alternative secular government now let the congress decide what its priorities are.
out of the nine seats the cpm had won in 2014, five came from kerala and two each from bengal and tripura.
the cpi had a lone mp, that too from kerala.
pushed to the wall in both tripura and west bengal, the cpm and the left are looking towards kerala to clock respectable figures this time.
but rahuls entry has injected an element of uncertainty in those hopes.
kerala chief minister pinarayi vijayan said rahuls decision can only be viewed as a fight against the left.
we are not at all worried.
whosoever comes to take on the left, we have the strength to take them on, he said.
cpm state secretary kodiyeri balakrishnan warned that the congress president was playing into the hands of the bjp by seeking the support of muslim extremist organisations, such as the social democratic party of india (sdpi), which is the political wing of popular front of india (pfi).
in wayanad, the iuml (indian union muslim league) has better sway than congress among voters.
iuml, on its part, has an alliance with jamaat-e-islami and social democratic party of india.
in short, gandhi is contesting as the candidate of congress-iuml-jamaat-sdpi.
congress should think whether seeking support of muslim extremist organisations would benefit congress at the national level.
fighting the communal party bjp should not be by joining hands with muslim extremism, balakrishnan said.
senior cpi leader d raja said he is at a loss to understand congress politics and added that the cpi will not withdraw or change its wayanad candidate.
by choosing a constituency in kerala, what message is the congress conveying?
when we are all united in fighting the bjp, the congress has come to fight us, he said.
the aap, which was poised for a tie-up with the congress in delhi, also questioned the wayanad move.
read | aap slams rahul gandhi move to contest from keralainstead of concentrating attention on removing a dictatorial and anti-federal regime, the congress seems to be dividing votes where the anti-bjp forces are strong.
look at what the congress is doing in up, west bengal and andhra pradesh, aap leader gopal rai said.
the bjp, meanwhile, hit out at the congress chief for choosing to contest from another seat, apart from amethi where the ruling party has again fielded union minister smriti irani.
rahul gandhi has fled to kerala as he fears that amethi voters will seek an account (of work) from him in kerala, there is politics of appeasement, hence he is going there, shah said while addressing a rally in ups bijnor.
union minister prasad said: as per the 2011 census, only 49 per cent of the population of wayanad is hindu and the rest are minorities.
and rahul gandhi finds it a safe seat.
rahul gandhi is only a chunavi hindu.
reacting to the lefts attack, congress spokesperson randeep surjewala said, this is not a fight with the left or the right.
this is a fight to give a befitting reply to those forces who are attacking the culture, the language, the way of life as also the deep connect between the two portions of india  north and south  between whom the bjp and prime minister modi have created a deep divide.
b'dalit activists protesting during countrywide bharat bandh against the recent judgment by the supreme court on the sc & st (prevention) atrocity act 1989, in ludhiana on monday.
(express photo by gurmeet singh/file) dalit activists protesting during countrywide bharat bandh against the recent judgment by the supreme court on the sc & st (prevention) atrocity act 1989, in ludhiana on monday.
(express photo by gurmeet singh/file)the bjp on tuesday accused the congress of fuelling tensions in the society with an eye on elections and urged the opposition party to tell people what it had done for the dalits during its long rule at the centre.
with the opposition accusing the ruling party of being anti-dalit, several bjp leaders, including many of its dalit faces, compared the modi governments works for the development of the community with the alleged neglect of their interests by the congress.
law minister ravishankarprasad prasad also rejected as unfounded the oppositions charge that the government delayed the filing of a review plea in the supreme court against its order on a law on atrocities against dalits.
he stated that the court was closed for six days after the verdict was delivered on march 20.
the review was filed yesterday.
where is the delay?
and let me ask rahul gandhi that did he appeal for peace and clam yesterday?
he said, targeting the congress president.
there is tension in the country and the congress is trying to fuel it, he said.
prasad also alluded that the opposition may have abetted violence during yesterdays bharat bandh, pointing out that the bjp-ruled states were the worst hit.
the surrounding circumstances were too suspicious, he said.
social justice and empowerment minister thavarchand gehlot attacked gandhi for his jibe that the bjps dna was anti-dalit.
history suggests that it is the congress which is anti-dalit and treated them like a vote bank.
rahul gandhi should answer as to what he or his party has done for them.
you are trying to make political benefit by fuelling tensions in society but it is not good.
you are doing so with an eye on elections, he said.
gehlot noted that the first bjp-led nda government had amended the constitution to restore benefits for dalits that were done away with following a court order and added that the modi government made the atrocities law more stringent with an amendment in 2016.
the government celebrated the 125 birth anniversary of b r ambedkar with year-long events and developed five places, including where he was born and died, associated with him like pilgrimage places, he said.
prime minister narendra modi will inaugurate one such centre, where the dalit icon breathed his last, in mumbai on april 13, a day before his birth anniversary, gehlot said, adding that it has been developed at a cost of rs 100 crore.
the government has developed ambedkar international centre in delhi with a cost of rs 195 crore, he said.
dalits have been a main target of the governments welfare and development schemes, he said.
it has taken steps for social equity and empowering dalits, and has also focussed on their overall development, he said.
minister of state for water resources arjun ram meghwal also expressed similar views.
he accused opposition parties of trying to mislead people.
it is condemnable that the congress and the other opposition parties are circulating unfounded, baseless and illogical (information) to gain political mileage in the wake of the supreme court decision relating to the sc/st atrocities act, meghwal said.
congress leader pc chacko.
(file photo) congress leader pc chacko.
(file photo)amid questions being raised over the authenticity of the surgical strikes carried out by indian army across the line of control, the congress party on wednesday said that the centre must take an initiative to clarify all the doubts while adding that the actions of the military must not be subjected to political propaganda.
congress stand is clear on surgical strike.
i dont think that anybody has got any doubt about the congress stand on whole episode.
even rahul gandhi extended his support to pm modi, and we fully support this government on surgical strike, congress leader p.c. chacko told ani.
watch video: rahul gandhi hits out at pm modi, says he is doing dalali of their sacrificessurgical strikes are never taken on a political level and that was never interpreted or taken advantage politically in the past so when they deviated from all this norms and now they are in confusion.
they are many people, kejriwal said something and somebody else said something and all these things are for them to answer.
if any doubt is cast on the whole thing it is up to the government to clear that, he added.
on tuesday, congress leader, sanjay nirupam also courted controversy calling on the centre to give proof of the surgical strike that took place in pakistan occupied kashmir (pok), while asserting that india was, by not doing so, being insulted by pakistan in the international arena.
watch video: surgical strikes: eyewitnesses accounts validate indias claim of a lethal strikehowever, minutes after his comments, congress distanced itself from it member.
congress doesnt agree with the statements made by sanjay nirupam, we have taken a serious note of it.
the congress fully trusts the indian army, congress leader surjewala said.
chief minister arvind kejriwal and congress leader p.chindambaram also drew flak from union minister ravishankarprasad prasad for demanding proof on the surgical strike.
ravi shankar prasad in rajya sabha.
(pti photo) ravishankarprasad prasad in rajya sabha.
(pti photo)amid a continuing tussle with the higher judiciary over the revised memorandum of procedure (mop) for appointments to the higher judiciary, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said tuesday the government does not intend to have a veto over the judiciary.
he said the government sent a fresh response to the chief justice of india last week.
prasad was noncommittal on bringing a fresh law on the appointment of judges in the wake of the supreme court striking down the national judicial appointments commission act despite several mps demanding it during a calling attention motion in the rajya sabha on the impasse in the appointment of judges in the high court and the supreme court.
he said the government has accepted the judgment despite reservations.
he said the government is often asked if it will bring another law.
regardless of our reservations, lots of questions were asked: are you willing to come again with this law?
the polity will have to take a call.
i cannot make any commitment today, he said.
the congresss vivek tankha said there was a complete impasse over appointment of judges in the last one-and-a-half years.
referring to the tussle over drafting of the mop, he said, it is because of some conditions that the government is putting, and argued, you cannot have a veto power over the supreme court judgment.
prasad said: i want to make it very clear with the full authority of the government and the prime minister that we dont wish to have any veto on the judiciary.
the right to reframe the mop has been given by the supreme court to us.
it is not a job which we are taking suo motu.
satish mishra (bsp) asked how many higher court judges are from scheduled castes.
d raja (cpi) said the judiciary has class-bias and caste-bias.
prasad concurred and said the first letter he had written after taking over as law minister in 2014 was to the high court collegium stressing a need for greater representation to sc/st, obc, minorities and women.
b'however, if an applicant does not have an aadhaar card, there is a provision for submission of other alternative documents like passport, birth certificate, life insurance policy etc, union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said.
(representational image) however, if an applicant does not have an aadhaar card, there is a provision for submission of other alternative documents like passport, birth certificate, life insurance policy etc, union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said.
(representational image)the draft notification to amend rules for driving licences proposes aadhaar as one of the documents that can be submitted for address and age proof, the government said friday.
it said the draft notification to amend the form of application for licence to drive a motor vehicle and the form of driving licence, as prescribed in the central motor vehicles rules, 1989, has been submitted to the law ministry for legal vetting.
as per information received from ministry of road transport and highways, aadhaar card has been incorporated as one of the options in the list of documents to be submitted by the applicant as proof of address and age, law and it minister ravishankarprasad prasad said in a written statement to the rajya sabha.
however, if an applicant does not have an aadhaar card, there is a provision for submission of other alternative documents like passport, birth certificate, life insurance policy etc, prasad said.
he added that there have been instances of concerns being raised on the security of aadhaar data.
all the concerns raised regarding the security, have been dealt with and addressed by unique identification authority of india (uidai).
adequate legal, organisational and technological measures are in place for the security of the data stored with uidai, prasad said.
he added that biometric information, including iris scan and fingerprints, is securely stored in an encrypted form at uidais central identities data repository.
b'mygov narendra modi townhall live: pm narendra modi speaks at mygov townhall at the indira gandhi indoor stadium in new delhi.
mygov narendra modi townhall live: pm narendra modi speaks at mygov townhall at the indira gandhi indoor stadium in new delhi.
in a first-ever townhall address to the nation by an indian prime minister, pm narendra modi on saturday made an emphatic point when he said he gets angry at those running shops in name of cow protection and urged action against criminals donning garb of cow vigilantes.
the event marks two years of mygov, the governments citizen engagement platform.
pm narendra modi also launched the pmo mobile app, which was developed with citizens ideas.
this new app will allow mobile users to connect with website of the prime ministers office.
town hall as a concept is commonly used in the west among politicians as well as ceos to interact with people directly.
union minister of it, law and justice ravishankarprasad prasad opened the day-long session.
here are the highlights:6:42 pm: pm modi ends his speech.
6:41 pm: modi says he gets angry at those running shops in name of cow protection; wants action against criminals donning garb of cow vigilantes.
6:41 pm: we have so much diversity to attract people, we need to connect people to our heritage and attract tourism: pm modi.
6:38 pm: cows mostly die of eating plastic bags and these cow rakshaks should urge people not to throw plastic on roads, this will be a big sewa: pm modi.
6:35 pm: if gau rakshaks want to help, they should prevent cows from eating plastic, that would be great help: pm modi.
6:33 pm: india first is central point of my foreign policy; also protecting indias strategic and economic interest: pm.
6:31 pm: indians settled abroad have their own strength & this plays a great role for india to connect with other nations: pmread: grievance redressal essential component of democracy, says pm narendra modi6:21 pm: we should follow khaadi for nation khaadi for fashion, this will boost our textile industry: pm modi6:16 pm: we want to popularise handloom, and very soon the rural economy will see a change: pm modi.
6:15 pm: through pradhan mantri krishi sinchayee yojana, we will be able to provide adequate amount of water to the farmers: pm modi.
6:12 pm: farmers son becomes a farmer out of helplessness and not by choice: pm modi6:10 pm: whatever is available to cities should be available to villages: pm modi.
6:07 pm: now health department is reaching out household to household to reach everyone: pm modi6:02 pm: we have introduced insurance in budget; so that the poorest of the poor receives good health care: pm modi.
6:00 pm: so much money is spent on advertising about the importance of vaccinations, and even then so many children arent vaccinated: pm5:59 pm: tourism will boost our economy, we should try & drive our economy.
if we achieve 8  growth rate for 30 years then, we will be at the top: pm modi5:58 pm: economic growth of more than 8 per cent for 30 years will bring the best of the world to india: pm modi.
5:49 pm: there had been apathy towards good governance, establishment of institutions, checks and balances, responsibility with accountability: pm modi.
5:48 pm: i raise one issue but the whole system is addressed.
we are taking few initiatives for good governance: pm modiread: jaitley advocates for freehand to ministers, bureaucrats on social media5:44 pm: technology and good governance will benefit farmers.
most powerful thing in democracy is grievance redress system: pm modi.
5:43 pm: the solution to lot of our problems lies in good governance: pm modi.
5:42 pm: every responsible person holding a position should be questioned.
people should easily get what they want: pm modi5:41 pm: we want to develop good governance where processes are less and things get done easy for citizens: pm modi5:40 pm: development and good governance should have a balanced relation, even for a small incident anywhere, pm is targeted: pm modi5:37 pm: if you dont focus on good governance then the benefits wont reach the common citizens: pm modi.
5:32 pm: swachh bharat is a prime example of citizens participation: pm modi5:30 pm: i would like to thank citizens for connecting with me through mygov: pm modi5:24 pm: youth who developed pm modi mobile app called on stage for felicitation by pm modi.
5:16 pm: pm narendra modi launches pmo mobile application, an application developed with citizens ideas.
5:10 pm: pm narendra modi reaches indira gandhi indoor stadium (delhi) for townhall, to interact with citizens.
4:29 pm: social media has done great service: arun jaitley.
4:28 pm: its important that the final decision of the government, you should speak in one voice: arun jaitley.
11:45 am: union minister ravishankarprasad prasad spoke at the event.
watch live feedthe pm has asked people of india for suggestions for the address he will make on the occasion of independence day.
this is the changing mood of india  digital democracy.
mygov is basically for those who think for the country and those who suggest for the roadmap ahead.
around 35 lakh people have come together on the mygov platform.
its great news: prasad24 lakh people have sent suggestions for smart cities.
70,000 people have sent suggestions on the union budget.
this is good news: prasadi would like mygov officers to make a note that achievements of ordinary people of india must be given a positive space on mygov platform.
this is my suggestion: prasadafter pm modi assumed office in 2014, within a short span of time, he launched the portal mygov.
in to set up a system where a regular citizen of the country could connect with the prime ministers office and share their ideas or suggestions for good governance.
since then, pm modi has invoked mygov on various occasions, including his monthly radio interaction mann ki baat where he is heard asking for feedback from the people by accessing the website.
chief executive officer of the website gaurav dwivedi said on thursday that participants will be selected from the list of regular users on mygov.
in depending upon their ideas, level of engagement, questions and suggestions.
apart from discussion and interaction with pm modi, the town hall participants will get to further contribute to the enhancement and development of governments citizen engagement platform.
rebel aap mla devinder sehrawat on saturday suggested comparing aadhaar information with the voter list to delete bogus names.
voters list that have bogus names.
this case is going on at the supreme court.
if aadhaar card is linked with voter list then it will sanitise voter list.
there will be no duplication.
in delhi, it is said that there are 30-40 lakh bogus voters, sehrawat said at inauguration ceremony of nielit bhawan in dwarka.
law and it minister ravishankarprasad prasad along with minister of state for law and it pp chaudhary, and member of parliament parvesh sahib singh, was present at the event to inaugurate the new building of it training body national institute of electronics and information technology (nielit).
the bijwasan mla, who has been suspended from aam aadmi party last year, said the digital india programme is a growth multiplier and implementation of technology has multiple avenues and advantages.
if you do something different from odd-even scheme, you link mobile phones with google map then entire delhi traffic can be regulated and existing roads can be used in a better way.
minister is getting these kinds of things done, sehrawat said.
however, officials of ministry of electronics and it (meity) present at the event denied any such development.
sehrawat also said that if some kind of priority can be given to people, whose land have been acquired in his constituency, for training at nielit.
the mla appreciated nielit team for the pace at which the nielit bhawan was build.
it will be record of some sort that this project was conceived and executed in very short period.
this shows expertise and involvement of team, management team and leadership, sehrawat said.
nielit bhawan has been completed in span of less than two years.
the foundation stone for the new facility was laid by prasad in may 2015.
if you travel across india, be it state government or central government building, you compare their foundation and inaugural stone.
foundation stone has been laid by one minister, inaugurated by another.
this will be first building in delhi whose foundation stone was laid by the same minister who is inaugurating it, prasad said.
he added that singh informed him that the decision to set-up nielit bhawan was taken in 1998 during atal bihari vajpayee government, possession of land was given under the same government in 2004 but no development took place in next 10 years.
soon patients who want an appointment with a doctor in around 100 of the state-run hospitals in uttar pradesh will be able to do so using their mobile phones.
this and other facilities are on the anvil as nearly 100 government hospitals, spread over various districts in up, will be brought under the ambit of the e-hospital platform, in the next six months, union information technology minister ravishankarprasad prasad said in lucknow.
the e-hospital services will be made available, under which people can seek appointment with doctors using their mobile phones.
around 100 government hospitals in the state will be brought on the platform of e-hospital in the next six months, said prasad, flanked by up chief minister yogi adityanath.
this will be a significant step from the point of view of making healthcare easily accessible, he said.
the e-hospital concept simplifies healthcare service delivery over nic service delivery platform, he said.
union minister ravishankarprasad prasad union minister ravishankarprasad prasaddefending prime minister narendra modis raincoat jibe at his predecessor manmohan singh, the bjp on thursday attacked the congress, saying that the party would use singh as long he is useful but would later discard him like it had done with leaders outside the gandhi family.
at the party headquarters, union minister ravishankarprasad prasad defended modi and attacked congress president sonia gandhi and vice-president rahul gandhi.
terming the congress as a conglomeration believing in divinity and devotion to a family, he insisted that there was nothing wrong about modis comment in the rajya sabha that singh knew the art of taking bath wearing a raincoat as he remained untainted despite all the scams in his government.
he said singh, who had called demonetisation organised loot and legalised plunder, was likely to have read from a note written by some other congress leader as such strong expressions are alien to his vocabulary.
watch what else is making newsthe pm is responding to it (singhs demonetisation remark).
why are they (congress) so troubled with this?
fun, pun, repartee and exchange of mild or strong words are part of parliamentary convention, he said.
the congress has two sets of leaders.
ones who come from the family are beyond criticism.
they cannot make a mistake.
the second set of leaders are those who are used for political convenience and then discarded.
manmohan singh also has his utility those outside the family are useful, expendable entities, he said.
b'the pms choicesprime minister manmohan singh was personally interested in montek singh ahluwalia,brajesh mishra and shyam saran being honoured with padma awards this year.
they were rewarded for services in promoting the indo-us nuclear deal and strengthening ties with the us.
saran was foreign secretary when the nuclear deal was clinched.
planning commission deputy chairperson,montek singh ahluwalia,whose wife isher incidentally was awarded a padma two years ago,played a key role in preparing the draft document for the deal.
brajesh mishra differed with his party,the bjp,in endorsing the nuclear deal.
he even spoke in favour of the civil nuclear liability bill,long before the bjp agreed to support it.
some bjp leaders who resented mishra,a virtual outsider,being given the top slot in atal bihari vajpayees pmo, now claim that mishra bailed out the congress more than once during vajpayees tenure.
one-upmanship yatrathe bjps ekta yatra to hoist the tri-colour at lal chowk evolved from a modest programme of the bjps yuva morcha to a major confrontation between the party and the government.
this was due partly to the shrill over-reaction of the upa and also because of competitive rivalry within the bjps own ranks.
when its youth wing chief,anurag thakur,proposed hoisting the flag at lal chowk,chief minister,omar abdullah reacted belligerently.
the union home ministry intervened to stop abdullah from shooting off his mouth.
in the process,the home ministry,and even prime minister manmohan singh,spoke out forcefully against the bjp plan.
with the upa upping the ante,arun jaitley,who was earlier slated to speak in jammu,opted to join the yatra.
parliamentary leader sushma swaraj promptly followed suit,as did ananth kumar.
unhappy to be left out,former bjp president,rajnath singh,donned a knitted bonnet and sat on dharna in delhi.
swaraj provided regular updates of the ongoing tussle between the bjp leaders and the authorities on her new twitter account,competing with media-in-charge ravishankarprasad prasad,who regularly briefed journalists in delhi on the same issue.
weaving a storyone of this years padma shri awardees is gajam govardhana,a craftsman from andhra pradesh whose family still produces the delicately woven telia rumal sari.
govardhana has won several national and international awards for continuing a weaving tradition which is almost extinct.
his most famous customer is sonia gandhi whose telia rumal saris are of the finest quality tussar silk.
incidentally,no practising journalist was included in this years awards list.
some feel this is a fall-out of the radia tapes.
others point out that because of an rti application,all the names of journalists nominated for awards this year were made public and circulated widely through sms.
this made it embarrassing for the government to pick and choose from the list,as those left out would have felt offended.
two prospective pmsworld bank president robert b zoellick met rahul gandhi during his recent visit to india and had an unpublicised one-hour long private meeting with the gandhi scion.
the congress youth leader is believed to have impressed zoellick by referring to several rural development schemes launched by the upa government and the right to information bill.
during his week-long stay in the country,zoellick also flew to bihar where he met chief minister nitish kumar and got a glimpse of the kosi river cleanup operation.
while chatting with finance minister pranab mukherjee,zoellick remarked that he had met two prospective indian prime ministers,gandhi and kumar,during his trip.
overburdened elitethe long-awaited revamp of the congress party organisation has been postponed yet again.
it is three years since the organisation was re-vamped and the high command seems in no hurry to rectify the anomalies in which a few office bearers hold dual and even triple charges.
in fact,some congress leaders have been entrusted with even more responsibilities over the last fortnight.
oscar fernandes,who is chairperson of the parliamentary hrd standing committee and heads half-a-dozen key aicc committee,including the central election authority,organisation of aicc meetings and cwc sessions,has been put in charge of haryana and jammu and kashmir,which were earlier entrusted to prithviraj chavan.
v narayanasamy,who is now minister of state in the pmo,is also in charge of the parliamentary affairs,personnel and public grievances portfolios and looks after chhattisgarh and some northeastern states for the party.
the court fixed july 11 for the next hearing on the petition.
the court fixed july 11 for the next hearing on the petition.
the supreme court on wednesday decided to hear the centre before passing any order on a pil challenging the union environment ministrys notification banning the sale and purchase of cattle, including cows, from animal markets for slaughter.
issuing notice to the centre, a bench of justices r k agrawal and s k kaul said it was not inclined to pass any interim order at this stage and gave the union of india two weeks to file its reply.
the court fixed july 11 for the next hearing on the petition.
appearing for the centre, asg p s narasimha pointed out that the notification had already been stayed by the madras high court.
he added that rules were only intended to bring in a regulatory regime on cattle trade across the country and will not be an impediment for genuine cattle traders.
meanwhile, at a press conference called to announce the achievements of his ministry upon completion of three years of the narendra modi government, union minister for law and justice ravishankarprasad prasad said his cabinet colleague health minister harshvardhan had already made it clear that the government is ready for a review of the cattle control order and he had nothing more to add to it.
prasad stressed that the government has no desire to control anyones food habits.
however, the constitution in directive principles of state policy calls upon the state to prohibit cow slaughter he said and added that there is also a large section of people who revere the cow.
one has to strike a balance between the two and the government will take into consideration all views, said prasad.
on cow vigilantes, he said prime minister narendra modi had already made it clear that they will have to be dealt with firmly as per the law and face consequences of their actions.
for his part, harsh vardhan, speaking at a function of his ministry, said: (before the next supreme court hearing), whatever concerns that anyone has on the subject, they are being addressed and investigated in great detail and in a transparent manner.
there will not be a single person in this country who might have even a little heartburn on this issue.
the pil petitioner, mohammed abdul faheem qureshi, a hyderabad-based lawyer and president of the all india jamiatul quresh action committee  an ngo working for the upliftment of weaker sections of society including the butchers and cattle traders of the country  had challenged the new rules introduced under the prevention of cruelty to animals act, 1960.
he claimed that these rules were arbitrary and violative of articles 19(1)(g), right to carry on business or trade; article 21 (right to life and personal liberty), article 25 (right to practise and propagate ones religion), and article 29 (no discrimination on grounds of religion, race, caste or language) of the constitution.
he claimed that the new rule 22 (3) (iii) in the notification that the purchaser of the cattle shall not sacrifice the animal for any religious purpose was contrary to the section 28 (of the 1960 act) which permits killing of animals for religious purposes and thus offend the right to freedom of religion and conscience and is arbitrary, inconsistent and outside the purview of parent act and against the freedom of religious practice to sacrifice the animals and also against the intentions of the framers of the constitution.
the right to practise and propagate ones religion under article 25 can only be restricted on the grounds of public order, morality and health or grounds enumerated under article 25(2), only by a law made by the legislature and not by a delegated executive fiat, he argued.
the rss and bjp have been aggressively promoting upadhyaya and his works.
the rss and bjp have been aggressively promoting upadhyaya and his works.
union ministers will discuss deendayal upadhyayas concept of integral humanism during a four-day event marking the anniversary of a series of lectures delivered by the rss ideologue in 1965.
upadhyaya had spoken about integral humanism in four lectures in mumbai on april 22-25, 1965.
the english translation of the lectures will be read out at iic, followed by commentary from law minister ravishankarprasad prasad, hrd minister prakash javadekar, mos ministry of development of north eastern region jitendra singh and mos culture mahesh sharma  with one minister speaking on each day.
senior rss ideologues, including uttar kshetra sanghchalak dr bajrang lal gupta and convenor prajna pravah j nandakumar, will also be present at the event organised by rss-affiliated deendayal research institute at india international centre, delhi.
the rss and bjp have been aggressively promoting upadhyaya and his works.
the union government is also celebrating his birth centenary as garib kalyan varsh.
justices v ramasubramanian and r s chauhan were wednesday appointed chief justices of the high courts of himachal pradesh and telangana respectively after the government cleared their elevation.
advertisingwith this, three of the four names recommended by the supreme court collegium on may 10 have been cleared by the government  justice d n patel was named chief justice of delhi high court on may 22.
the government is still to decide on the fourth recommendation  the collegium decision to elevate justice akil kureshi as chief justice of madhya pradesh high court.
the most senior judge of the parent high court of gujarat, he is currently with the bombay high court.
the gujarat high court advocates association (ghaa) had earlier protested the delay over justice kureshis appointment as chief justice of madhya pradesh high court, and had described the appointment of an acting chief justice of madhya pradesh high court as a clearly uncalled for interference by the executive.
advertisingat an extraordinary general meeting (egm) meeting, the ghaa passed a resolution to make a personal representation to union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad with the request to notify the appointment of justice kureshi as chief justice.
to the utter shock and surprise of the bar, justice akil kureshi was not appointed as chief justice of madhya pradesh hc on may 22, 2019 along with justice d n patel as chief justice of delhi hc and instead, justice ravishankarprasad jha was appointed as acting chief justice of the madhya pravesh hc with effect from june 10.
this is clearly uncalled for interference by the executive, the ghaa resolution stated.
justice v ramasubramanian, the most senior judge of the madras high court who was transferred to the telangana high court, had been recommended by the collegium for chief justice of himachal pradesh high court following the elevation of justice surya kant to the supreme court.
justice r s chauhan, the most senior judge of the parent high court of rajasthan, was already serving as acting chief justice of the telangana high court.
to celebrate a wide range of what excellence in governance means, five union ministers will present the inaugural the indian express excellence in governance awards wednesday in new delhi to district magistrates for outstanding work in 16 categories.
advertisingfrom agriculture to education and technology and from health to women development and inclusive innovation, the biennial awards celebrate the finest work done by the women and men at the forefront of governance, who script change that touches countless lives.
five union ministers are special guests at the awards: nitin gadkari, union minister for road transport and highways; and micro, small and medium enterprises; ram vilas paswan, union minister of consumer affairs, food and public distribution; ravishankarprasad prasad, union minister of law and justice; communications; and electronics and information technology; piyush goyal, union minister for railways and commerce and industry; and dr jitendra singh, ministry of state (independent charge), development of north eastern region, minister of state in the pmo; ministry of personnel, public grievances and pensions; and departments of atomic energy and space.
as many as 249 entries were received from 84 districts in 24 states for the awards.
the winning entries include projects like an anti-corruption drive along the international border, a district hospital which now boasts of new operation theatres and an initiative to bring farmers together and enable them to get aid from banks and benefits of the under government schemes.
advertisingan eminent jury headed by former chief justice of india r m lodha and comprising wajahat habibullah, former chairperson of the national commission for minorities and the first chief information commissioner of india, nirupama rao, indias foreign secretary from 2009 to 2011 who was also indias ambassador to the united states, china and the high commissioner to sri lanka, and k m chandrasekhar, former cabinet secretary, chose the winners from among entries that came in from across the country.
the entries were submitted by district magistrates and the detailed reports of the project and its implementation were screened by the jury.
kpmg, the knowledge partner for the awards, conducted an exhaustive check on the parameters of innovation, impact, implementation and people participation for all the entries.
the shortlist was then verified by reporters and editors of the indian express by field visits and an audit after which the jury chose the winners.
b'union minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
(bjp twitter/files) union minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
(bjp twitter/files)the bjp on wednesday slammed former prime minister manmohan singh for attacking prime minister narendra modi for his long silence over the kathua and unnao incident and sought an apology from him for keeping quiet when his ministers used the word saffron terror.
mr manmohan singh, you need to recall that prime minister modi has spoken very harshly against the the unfortunate incidents of rape in kathua and up and called these inhuman acts shameful, union minister ravishankarprasad prasad said.
in an interview to the indian express, singh had hit out at modi for his long silence over the rape and murder of an eight-year-old girl in kathua and the alleged rape of a teenager by a bjp mla in unnao.
singh had said modi should follow his own advice to me and speak more often.
also read | manmohan singh on kathua, unnao rape cases: pm narendra modi should follow own advice to me, speak more oftenreacting to the interview, prasad said: the pm has promised justice and effective action.
dr manmohan singh, unlike you, if mr modi says something, it is heard and action is taken.
today, uttar pradesh mlas are in jail and the cbi probe is ordered.
in kathua too, bjp ministers have resigned immediately and effective action is going on and many of the culprits are arrested.
with bjp deciding to to use the verdict on the 2007 mecca masjid blast case as an election issue to consolidate its support base among the majority community, prasad asked singh why had he kept silent when his ministers used terms like saffron terror.
b'ravi shankar prasad said in 2016, a record 126 high court judges were appointed in one year, which he claimed was highest since independence (express file photo/javed raja) ravishankarprasad prasad said in 2016, a record 126 high court judges were appointed in one year, which he claimed was highest since independence (express file photo/javed raja)law minister ravishankarprasad prasad hit back at rahul gandhi on sunday for his claim about the huge pendency of cases in courts and the shortage of judges, saying the governments notice to cambridge analytica for data mining has unnerved the congress president.
legal system collapsing under pending cases: supreme court 55,000+, high court 37 lakh+, lower courts 2.
6 crore+.
yet, a staggering 400 high court and 6,000 lower court judges not appointed, while law minister preoccupied peddling fake news, gandhi said on twitter on saturday, using the hashtag judiciarydemonetised.
legal system collapsing under pending cases: supreme court55,000 + high court37 lakh + lower courts2.
6 crore + yet, a staggering 400 high court and 6,000 lower court judges not appointed, while law minister preoccupied peddling fake news.
#judiciarydemonetised pic.
twitter.com/qspkciupkw  rahul gandhi (@rahulgandhi) march 24, 2018 https://platform.
twitter.com/widgets.
jshitting back at gandhi for the tweet, prasad said judiciary has never been made part of any political debate in the country.
he also said that in 2016, a record 126 high court judges were appointed in one year, which he claimed was highest since independence the tradition of the country has been that even in case of extreme political hostility, we keep judiciary aside, and we should continue to do so, prasad told pti.
he wondered whether rahuls tweet on judicial pendency was a result of nervousness after governments notice to cambridge analytica for data mining.
gandhis attack had come after prasad accused the congress of hiring the services of the controversial data firm, accused of harvesting data stolen from facebook, in previous elections.
the charge has been denied by the congress, which instead accused the bjp of using the services of the firm.
should we suspect that the notice to cambridge analytica and the promise of a vigourous action has unnerved him, made him angry and also apprehensive, the bjp leader said.
gandhi had also taken a swipe at prime minister narendra modi over the delay in appointment of judges to the supreme court.
justice k m joseph, overturned presidents rule in uttarakhand in 2016.
when his name was proposed for the supreme court, modi jis ego was hurt.
approval of over 100 judges, cleared for the supreme court and various high courts are now on hold.
#judiciarydemonetised(sic), he had said in another tweet.
reacting to it, prasad had tweeted: mr rahul gandhi, maintaining your track record your team has failed you once again by not doing their homework.
average appointments of high court judges under upa-1 was 86 per year, and in upa-2 it was 79 per year.
under nda it has been 109 per year.
in 2016 a record 126 high court judges were appointed in one year- highest since independence.
since may 2014 nda govt appointed 17 sc judges, 326 hc judges & made 304 additional judges permanent & also created 173 new posts of high court judges, compared to 20 created in upa 2, he said in another tweet.
mr rahul gandhi, pendency is the legacy which upa govt of 10years had given us where judicial infrastructure development was the lowest priority.
we r (sic) improving the situation by creating more infrastructure, more digitization & greater technology application in disposal of cases, he wrote.
the congress and the bjp have been engaged in levelling charges and counter-charges over using the services of the controversial data firm.
senior jurist fali nariman (express photo by tashi tobgyal/file) senior jurist fali nariman (express photo by tashi tobgyal/file)if the five-member collegium of the supreme court, which includes the chief justice of india, decides that a certain judge has to be appointed, then its word is final and a contrary decision by the government will be considered malafide, senior jurist fali nariman has said.
nariman admitted that the collegium may or may not be split in its decision to send its recommendation back to the government insisting on appointing chief justice k m joseph of the uttarakhand high court to the supreme court, which may lead to a confrontation with the governmentwe will cross that bridge when we come to it, he said.
he indicated that the current impasse over the appointment of a judge may be linked to the government still smarting under the supreme courts decision to strike down the parliaments decision to vote in favour of the national judicial appointments commission (njac), which sought to control the appointment of judges.
the (government) is still very upset about that, he said.
read | govt arguments against justice km joseph do not hold water, say criticshe indicated that the joint oppositions move challenging vice-president venkaiah naidus decision to impeach the chief justice in the supreme court could become a long drawn-out affair.
first of all, he said, the supreme court would have to decide whether naidus dismissal is justiciable or not, meaning, since the matter concerns parliament, the court would have to decide whether it has the power to take up such a motion or not.
if the court does take that decision, it will then have to decide whether the vice-presidents decision is untenable or not, nariman said.
moreover, he pointed out, when the opposition goes to court in appeal against the vice-president, it would be up to the chief justice to decide which court it should be listed in front of.
thats because he is still master of the roster, irrespective of the fact that he is involved or not (in this case, in the move to impeach him), and because the question of fixing benches inheres in him.
(that prerogative) cant be taken away or shared with someone else.
it inheres in him, and he should say who should decide the matter, nariman said.
read | fali nariman on opposition move to impeach cji dipak misra: a horribly black day in sc historythe jurist added that he didnt think chief justice mishra would take the oppositions case in his court.
of course he wont take it.
but even if he doesnt, he has the power to decide who should take it, nariman said.
reacting to the detailed letter today written by law minister ravishankarprasad prasad to chief justice dipak mishra, on why the potential elevation of k m joseph to the supreme court is inappropriate, nariman said that the government was entitled to the view it had taken.
they have given reasons which are quite cogent.
they may be right or wrong.
whether this meets with the approval of the collegium is quite another matter.
according to the law ministers letter, justice joseph is number 42 in the seniority list of judges, he hails from kerala which already has adequate representation in the supreme court (and several other states havent) and that a judge from the scheduled castes and scheduled tribes would be preferable at this time.
read | govt has struck at the very heart of judicial freedom: former cji rm lodhathe collegium has to say whether they insist that despite this letter justice joseph should be appointed or not.
the collegium is the last word, nariman said, pointing out that according to the 1993 judgement delivered by justice j s verma, the collegiums word was final, that this is the law.
asked why the government had split the decision to elevate justice indu malhotra to the supreme court and not justice joseph, he said they are entitled to do thatjudges dont go in pairs.
they are not husband and wife.
as for the governments move to send justice malhotras elevation to the president for approval, nariman said that was the right thing to do because elevation to the supreme court could only take place when the president issued a warrant in that regard.
noting that the anniversary of justice a n ray superseding justice khanna and appointing justice beg, on the eve of the emergency on april 25, 1975, had just passed, nariman said, i am totally against supercession.
the chief justice would be well advised to recommend his successor in accordance with the constitutional convention.
which is that the seniormost judge becomes chief justice.
and that is mr ranjan gogoi.
he has to be named.
(cj mishra) has to recommend him.
and not supercede him as an ray did.
ray recommended justice beg in court no 3 and thats why khanna retired in a blaze of glory, nariman said, adding, that a majoritarian government is always a potential danger to the judiciary.
always.
they want to control.
pressure mounted on samajwadi party mp azam khan to tender an unqualified apology for his objectionable remarks against senior bjp member rama devi in lok sabha on thursday, as a meeting of leaders of different parties on friday authorised speaker om birla to take action if khan fails to do so on the floor of the house.
advertisingparliamentary affairs minister pralhad joshi said after the meeting: the speaker will ask azam khan to apologise over his comments made against rama devi without any condition.
if he does not do so, the speaker has been authorised to take action against him.
sources hinted that the lok sabha may pass a resolution authorising birla to take exemplary action against khan.
there was a general understanding among leaders of different parties that a message be sent across that the house has zero tolerance for acts and remarks that lower the dignity and honour of women.
advertisingkhans remarks were expunged from the records following an immediate uproar in the house on thursday.
during zero hour on friday, bjp member sanghamitra maurya raised a special mention on the derogatory remarks made against the chair and said that azam khan should apologise to the house.
women and child development minister smriti irani said this should not be treated as a womans issue alone, as khans remarks are a blot on all legislators, including men.
referring to the couplet he had uttered, irani said: this is not a house where men come to gaze into the eyes of any woman.
it is a privilege to speak in this house.
if such disrespectful remarks were made against a woman outside, then she would have sought police protection, and even got it.
we cannot stay quiet and watch.
among women members who spoke out against the rampur mps remarks were finance minister nirmala sitharaman, bjp mps anupriya patel and meenakshi lekhi, tmcs mimi chakraborty, independent mp from amravati navaneet kaur rana, and ncps supriya sule.
dmk member kanimozhi said this issue highlights the need to bring in the womens reservation bill.
women continue to be insulted in this house of democracy.
i urge the government to bring in the womens reservation bill, because having women in this house will add to the strength of women.
we are with the government and will support the bill when they bring it, she said.
requesting the speaker to decide on an appropriate course of action on khans remarks, aimims asaduddin owaisi asked what had happened to the committee set up to probe sexual assault complaints against m j akbar, a former minister of state.
several members backed biju janata dal mp bhartruhari mahtabs statement that the house empowers the speaker to decide on an exemplary action in this case.
mahtab said, this house must demonstrate that it can act judiciously.
i leave it to you as to what action needs to be taken.
but it is unpardonable.
other mps who demanded action against khan included kalyan banerjee (tmc), rajeev ranjan (jd-u), nama nageswar rao and ministers arjun ram meghwal, ravishankarprasad prasad, babul supriyo and anurag thakur of the bjp.
congress floor leader adhir ranjan chaudhary said his party does not tolerate disrespect to women whether, either in the house or outside.
as he said that in the past, sonia gandhi had been referred to as italy ki kathputli (puppet), bjp members shouted him down.
irani shot back, saying she has been the subject of such remarks repeatedly.
sitharaman said politicising this issue is outrageous and indicated that the opposition benches are being hesitant in their support, leading to an uproar in the opposition benches this time.
b'bjp mp udit raj (source: twitter/@@dr_uditraj/file) bjp mp udit raj (source: twitter/@@dr_uditraj/file)a dalit mp of the bjp on friday said that a supreme court order diluting the punitive provisions of the sc & st (prevention of atrocities) act would have an adverse impact on the party if the government does not file a review petition.
udit raj, a lok sabha mp from north west delhi, said he will raise the issue during a meeting of top bjp leaders, including prime minister narendra modi and party president amit shah, at their parliamentary party meeting this evening.
the government must file a review plea in the apex court against the order.
if it does not, it will definitely impact us (bjp) adversely.
when the government takes credit for positive developments, it will also get discredited for something that goes wrong, he told reporters.
raj, who is a former irs office and heads all india confederation of sc/st organisations, said he has sought an appointment with modi to raise this issue and also a recent university grants commission order that, he claimed, harms the interests of dalits.
he claimed that the apex court order makes the legislation very ineffective by mandating prior official sanction to arrest a government employee booked under the act and the nod of the ssp concerned to arrest a private person.
the law has become so weak, the mp said.
sc/st                                               dr. udit raj, mp (@dr_uditraj) march 23, 2018several dalit mps of the ruling party have expressed view, mostly on the condition of anonymity, that the government should file a review petition against the order.
dalit ministers like ram vilas paswan, who is also the chief of lok janshakti party an ally of the bjp, have also spoken in favour of filing a review petition.
opposition parties, including the congress, too have asked the government to appeal against the order.
law minister ravishankarprasad prasad has said that the government will examine the order and then come out with a structured response.
raj supported prasads stand saying that a proper examination of the order was imperative before the government files an appeal.
over 2.
22 lakh cases were pending before the calcutta high court as on december 31, 2017, as per official data.
express photo by partha paul over 2.
22 lakh cases were pending before the calcutta high court as on december 31, 2017, as per official data.
express photo by partha paullawyers associations at the calcutta high court on monday extended till march 5 their ceasework to press for immediate appointment of judges to fill up vacant posts, leaving litigants in the lurch.
claiming that the centre is yet to respond to their demand for filling up the vacancies for judges in the high court, three lawyers bodies took separate resolutions to extend the ceasework which they had launched on february 20.
the supreme court collegium has cleared five names for appointment as judges, but the union law ministry is yet to clear these, bar association president uttam majumdar said.
we also want appointment of a permanent chief justice to the high court, which has been headed by acting chief justices for the last three years except for just three months when justice girish gupta was elevated to the post, he said.
justice gupta, a judge of calcutta high court, was the acting chief justice when he was made a permanent chief justice three months before his retirement, majumdar said.
we are astonished that there has been no reaction or response from the union law ministry despite a five-day ceasework at one of the premier high courts in the country for the legitimate demand of appointment of judges, high court bar library club president jayanta mitra told pti at mumbai.
he said that the lawyers bodies had sent representations for a meeting with union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad but are yet to receive any communication.
as such we have decided to extend the ceasework till march five, on which date we will meet again to decide on the future course of action, mitra, a former advocate general at the high court, said.
incorporated law society, another lawyers forum at the high court, also took a separate resolution to extend the ceasework along with the other two bodies.
we hope that the union law ministry will respond to our demand soon given the huge shortage in the number of judges at the high court, which is delaying dispensation of justice to the litigants, its secretary paritosh sinha said.
the high court at present has 30 sitting judges out of a sanctioned strength of 72.
out of the 30, two judges are permanently on rotation at the andaman and nicobar circuit bench of the high court.
over 2.
22 lakh cases were pending before the high court as on december 31, 2017, as per official data.
hundreds of litigants, who had come to the court hoping that the ceasework would be lifted on monday, were left disappointed due to the uncertainty over when their petitions would be taken up for hearing.
while the vacancies in the judiciary are delaying hearing of our cases, the ceasework is also leading to piling up of pending cases, said one of the many petitioners who had turned up at the court from across the state hoping that their cases would be heard.
judges sat in the court rooms in the morning as usual.
but as no lawyer appeared to argue the petitions which were called for hearing they retired to their respective chambers.
b'bharat bandh live updates: the protest turned violent in various states as the bandh progressed in the day.
(express photo by javed raja) bharat bandh live updates: the protest turned violent in various states as the bandh progressed in the day.
(express photo by javed raja)the nationwide bandh called by dalit organisations on monday turned violent as people resorted to stone pelting, damaging properties across various states.
seven persons were killed in violent clashes across the country.
while four persons died in madhya pradesh, one died in rajasthans alwar and two died in uttar pradesh.
violent protests were reported in parts of uttar pradesh, gujarat and punjab, while section 144 has been imposed in multiple parts of north india.
the protestors in the morning blocked several trains in bihar and jharkhand, affecting railway services.
meanwhile, the government has moved a review petition in the supreme court today.
speaking to reporters, union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said that the centre has no intention of removing the provision of reservation for minorities.
congress chief rahul gandhi slammed the modi government saying its attitude towards the minority community is derogatory.
hitting back at the congress for its criticism of prime minister narendra modi over the pulwama attack, the bjp accused the opposition party of showing its true colours after maintaining the facade of standing with the government and the armed forces for five days.
advertisingthe ruling party also alleged that the contents of the congresss latest salvo bore a striking resemblance to that of pakistani prime minister imran khans speech two days ago.
after maintaining a facade of standing with the government and the armed forces for the last five days, the true colours of the congress party have come out.
when the whole country is one, when the morale of the armed forces is sky high, and country after country pass resolutions condemning pulwama, standing firmly with the government of india that criticial moment, congress partys true colours have come out seeking to weaken the morale of the country, union minister ravishankarprasad prasad told reporters.
watch | how india is responding to pulwama terror attackaddressing a public rally in andhra pradesh, bjp president amit shah slammed the congress for its attack on modi.
the congress has no moral right to question the bjp on patriotism.
congress has used this attack for their political interests.
they created an issue of prime minister modis presence at a programme on the day of the attack.
they should know that pm modi works for 18 hours in a day for the nation, shah said.
advertisingin delhi, prasad said the bjp did not expect more from a party that had sought proof for the surgical strikes conducted in 2016 but did not ask for any evidence when electronic voting machines were questioned at a press conference in london.
read: why imran khans words ring hollow: pakistan sitting on jaish dossiersresponding to criticism that modi was participating in a film shoot after the pulwama attack, the union minister said the prime minister had gone to the ramnagar forest for an official programme related to tiger conservation.
i dont know if the congress party had known about the pulwama attack.
we did not know.
if the intelligence of the congress is so good, its good for them.
the weather was bad that day.
the pm had his meeting there itself and later he was driven down far away to catch the flight, the minister said.
referring to criticism over the prime minister attending a rally in jhansi, prasad said there was a difference between the thought process of the congress and the bjp.
there is sorrow in the country but the country has to function, we cannot succumb to terrorism all party programmes were cancelled but the terrorists should not feel that the country has ceased to function, prasad said.
explained: pakistan pm imran khans pulwama terror attack statement is an echo of its armys line on terrorcomparing the congress charges to imran khans statements, prasad alleged: their style may be different but the content of what the prime minister of pakistan spoke and what the congress party spoke today bears a striking resemblance.
pakistan must be happy today after listening to congress remarks.
asked about the attacks on kashmiris in various parts of india, prasad said: what is important is action.
wherever it has happened, action has been taken.
we have said several times that kashmir is an integral part of india.
the problem is that some people only want answers from the prime minister without doing their responsibility.
the bjp tuesday said attempts were made by the ruling trinamool congress in west bengal to prevent people from attending its president amit shahs rally in the state, claiming that wind of change is blowing there.
advertisingwhy is mamata banerjee scared?
she called herself a fighter, who fought against the left rule in the state.
so why she is scared in fighting the bjp, union minister ravishankarprasad prasad said at a press conference.
shah addressed a rally in malda, and prasad said vehicles carrying the bjps workers and supporters were stopped by the ruling party in an attempt to prevent them from attending it.
targeting banerjee, he said the congress used to make similar attempts to foil political programmes of opposition leaders before and during the emergency but everybody knows what happened.
the congress was defeated in the general election in 1977, which was held after the emergency was lifted.
mamata banerjee should know.
she was then in the congress.
wind of change is blowing across bengal, he said.
the youth congress leaders at the police station in kannur.
pti the youth congress leaders at the police station in kannur.
ptieight youth congress leaders and a butcher were arrested on thursday in connection with the public slaughter of a male calf in kannur to protest against the nda governments notification on sale of cattle for slaughter.
they were later granted bail.
among the arrested youth congress leaders are the organisations kannur mandal president rijil makkutty, state general secretary joshi kandathil and local leader sharafudhin kattampally.
the accused had procured a male calf, slaughtered it in a stationary truck and distributed the meat among local residents to protest against the centres notification.
the arrested persons face charges under section 120 (a) of kerala police act, sections 143, 147 and 149 of ipc and sections 3 and 11 of the prevention of cruelty to animals act.
since all the offences are bailable, the accused were granted bail.
following the public slaughter, the central leadership of the congress had tried to distance itself from the incident.
what happened in kerala yesterday was thoughtless, barbaric & completely unacceptable to me & the congress party.
i strongly condemn the incident, party vice-president rahul gandhi had tweeted on his official handle @officeofrg.
a day later, congress suspended makkutty and two more youth congress leaders, saying that their action is completely unacceptable to the party.
the bjp, on its part, had slammed the congress over the public slaughter, saying that it seemed to be willing to go to any lengths for political gains.
law minister and bjp leader ravishankarprasad prasad said: this is shameful and in many ways provocative.
punjab congress president capt amarinder singh.
punjab congress president capt amarinder singh.
punjab congress chief captain amarinder singh thursday said he would get the uncensored version of udta punjab released in majitha on june 17.
majitha is the native place and the assembly segment represented by revenue minister bikram singh majithia  brother-in-law of punjab deputy cm sukhbir singh badal.
watch: udta punjab controversy: youth has the right to know drugs are a menace, says shahid kapoortwo years ago, majithia was accused of having links with the drug trade.
the congress had sought a cbi probe into the allegations.
amarinder said, as majitha, like mexico, is the epicentre of the drug trade in punjab, it was decided to release the movie there.
the purpose of releasing the movie in majitha is to tell the akalis and the bjp that no matter to what extent they try to go to gag the truth, the congress will expose it at any cost.
watch: ravishankarprasad prasad reacts to the udta punjab row & nihalanis modis chamcha commentamarinder said he had written to the producers of the movie, anurag kashyap and ekta kapoor, urging them to provide the uncensored cds so that they can release it on the scheduled date.
b'the committee has proposed to rename the project as bharatnet, which is to be completed by december 2017 at an estimated cost of rs 72,778 crore.
the committee has proposed to rename the project as bharatnet, which is to be completed by december 2017 at an estimated cost of rs 72,778 crore.
amid right-of-way hurdles stymying the national optical fibre network (nofn), a vital component of the nda governments digital india push that aims at plugging the rural connectivity gap, the centre has given in to the demands made by a section of states to implement their part of the scheme on their own.
an active role for states is being seen by the centre as a bid to expedite project execution and tide over right-of-way hurdles, as states such as andhra pradesh, tamil nadu and gujarat are among those seeking their participation to be conditional to them getting the mandate to take up their leg of the project on their own.
on the bharatnet project for connecting 2,50,000 gram panchayats (gps), states have come on board.
some like tamil nadu want to go with their own model, which is fine, minister for communications and information technology ravishankarprasad prasad told the indian express.
according to government officials involved in the exercise, the nofn project  envisaged as a centre-state joint effort where states were expected to contribute by way of waiving off the right-of-way charges  is running behind schedule.
an internal assessment by the department of telecommunications (dot) suggests that it is unlikely to be completed by its deadline of december 2016.
while in 2014-15, plans were afoot to execute work for 1 lakh gps, which was later scaled down to 50,000 gps, data up to march 2015 showed that only about 20,000 gps had been covered under the nofn  just about 40 per cent of the planned target.
as on december 6, 2015, optical fibre cable laying in 32,272 gps had been completed and 76,624 kilometer fibre laid, according to latest government data.
share this article related article bharatnet project: despite push, need right course for right-of-waybharatnet project: despite push, need right course for right-of-way trai recommends ppp model for bharatnet projecttrai recommends ppp model for bharatnet project the five digital india stories you must read todaythe five digital india stories you must read today easier said than done: centre, states disagree over laying fibre networkeasier said than done: centre, states disagree over laying fibre network pm narendra modi to review national optical fibre network project tomorrowpm narendra modi to review national optical fibre network project tomorrow centre to invite private firms to lay optic cables for 50k gram panchayatsthe nofn project, officials said, is now being monitored on a weekly basis and a progress report is being sent to the dot and other stakeholders every monday.
prasad said that his ministry is in the process of finalising the implementation details, including the dpr (detailed project report) norms.
then we have spv (special purpose vehicle) model where the states and centre are working together.
18 states have come on board and am a little overboarded now it is a very transformational programme, we took about 30 years to lay down 10 lakh kilometre of optical fibre.
with 3-year plus, we are going to lay down 7 lakh kilometres, he said.
with respect to the funding requirements, as against an indicative cost of about rs 20,100 crore for the nofn project, an amount of rs 3,054.
43 crore has been released till october 31, 2015, by the universal service obligation fund to bharat broadband network ltd (bbnl), a special purpose vehicle created under the companies act of 1956 for execution of the nofn project.
(illustration by: c r sasikumar) (illustration by: c r sasikumar)a review done by the dot in mid-2015 showed that the biggest hurdle dogging the project is the right-of-way issue.
despite the centre having agreements with the state governments for getting the right-of-way available free of cost, officers involved in the implementation have reported back that whenever they go to lay the optical fibre, they run into construction and population issues even in the fields, the farmers have objections.
as a counter, andhra pradesh is learnt to have come up with a model under which it proposed to float its own corporation that will take up the work of laying the optical fibre cable network.
a state government official said that andhra pradesh has communicated to the centre that the funds earmarked to be spent for this project in ap should be handed over directly to it as support.
the state has also indicated that it is willing to put in the rest of the money on its own as it wants to further scale-up the project and utilise the infrastructure for multiple uses than what was originally envisaged by the centre.
andhra pradeshs proposal has now been accorded a go-ahead by the telecom commission, following which tamil nadu and gujarat have come up with a similar proposal for the implementation of the nofn project, officials involved in the exercise said.
the centre is now looking at this option as a way to tide over the right-of-way hurdles.
since the telecom commission has given its in-principle approval to the andhra pradesh proposal, two more states have come up for this kind of a project.
tamil nadu has shown interest.
another one is gujarat.
there may be more states which may come up and take up this project on their own.
if they take up this project on their own, many problems will be resolved, a senior dot official said.
apart from the right-of-way issue, the other big challenge flagged by the implementation agencies is the lack of availability of contractors who can execute the kind of specialised work required for a project of this scale.
to tide over some of these problems, states where private contractors can take up a project of this scale on their own have been instructed to set aside the model of the psu-driven projects and instead hand over the job on a turnkey basis to these project contractors, officials said.
other hurdles include the non-availability of plb ducts (used for laying optical fibre cables) at various sites in the states, delay in the finalisation of ofc trenching and laying tenders by implementing utilities.
incidentally, to review the nofn implementation strategy and approach, the government had constituted a committee on january 14, 2015, which held discussions with the implementing central public sector undertakings and bbnl to understand the challenges and problems faced by them in implementation.
the committee submitted its report on march 31, 2015, where it highlighted three broad issues  nofn technology and architecture; implementation strategy and broadband service delivery using nofn.
a dot official said the changes suggested by the committee have not been incorporated in the scheme as yet.
the project, initiated in 2011 and was to be funded by universal service obligation fund with the aim of providing broadband connectivity to over 2 lakh gps.
it aimed to leverage the existing fibre optical network of central utilities  bsnl, railtel and power grid  and laying incremental fibre wherever necessary to bridge the connectivity gap between panchayats and blocks.
bbnl was created as a public sector undertaking for its execution.
once implemented, the project is intended to enable the centre to provide e-services and e-applications nationally and a minimum of 100 mbps bandwidth is to be made available at each gp with non-discriminatory access to the network for all categories of service providers.
b'lokman singh karki lokman singh karkilast week, nepals supreme court settled two major cases.
a three-member bench annulled the appointment of lokman singh karki, chief of the anti-graft constitutional body, inferring that he lacked the necessary qualification and the high moral character the office called for.
in another judgment, the court said that the little less than one hectare land in kathmandu that gyanendra shah gave as a wedding gift to his daughter when he was the king, is a property that should belong to the national trust, a body created to take over and manage property of the erstwhile royals.
in both cases, the supreme court reversed its own judgment given a couple of years ago, citing grave error in justice as the reason for entertaining respective appeals.
what is amazing is the speed at which justice was delivered  less than four months  when there are about 22,000 cases pending in the apex court, some for years.
interestingly, karki was appointed to the post nearly 45 months ago by the cabinet that was headed by the-then supreme court chief justice, khilraj regmi, on the recommendation of the heads of the four major political parties, including the current prime minister, pushpa kamal dahal.
a two-member bench of the supreme court had dismissed a public interest litigation challenging karkis appointment two years ago.
another two-member bench headed by the-then chief justice, ram kumar shah, had disposed off the wedding gift case in favour of the princess around the same time.
some civil society activists had taken to the streets, objecting to karkis appointment as the anti-graft head, a constitutional body, alleging that his track record as a bureaucrat was not good and that he did not have the high moral character the post demanded.
the supreme court entertained a pil recently by the same person, and found merit in his plea this time.
the fast-track judgments have raised serious questions about the fairness and impartiality of the judiciary that has now openly started recruiting judges according to their political allegiance.
although the two recent verdicts make no explicit adverse comments on the judges in the previous benches, the ground given for their review  gross errors in judgment  can be read as a disapproval of the judicial character and knowledge displayed by the judges whodelivered the earlier verdicts.
the judicial council, headed by chief justice sushila karki, met till friday midnight to finalise the list of 80 high court judges amidst a boycott by two of the five members.
justice baidhyanath upadhyay, next to the cj in seniority, and ram prasad sitaula, who represents the nepal bar in the council, abstained, apparently protesting a perceived deal between the cj and maoists in the appointment of the judges.
incidentally, only three members  the chief justice, law minister and the government nominee to the council, the last two belonging to the maoist party  approved the panel of judges drawn from the judicial service, bar and the lower courts.
some of those selected are close relatives of prominent nepali congress leaders.
the current chief justice has chosen not to constitute the constitutional bench as mandated by the constitution, as she does not get along with the senior-most judges entitled to be on that bench, fuelling discontent within.
the failure or inadequacy of the apex court has raised yet another fundamental question: who is the judiciary accountable to?
a discredited judiciary will have a far bigger impact on democracy than failing politicians.
a decade ago, by joining the peace process, the maoists gave out the message that they will no longer pursue totalitarian politics.
they advocated a judiciary in which judges have to be accountable to the legislature, but with their numbers declining in the second constituent assembly cum legislature, they gave up the demand.
however, in 2012, a new political experiment, a compromise on the principle of separation of powers, was undertaken that made khil raj regmi, chief justice of the supreme court, the prime minister as well.
india, the european union and the un approved it.
in indias case, it was not only the upa government then that welcomed the decision, but ravishankarprasad prasad, a senior opposition leader then and a union minister now, travelled to kathmandu and welcomed the head of judiciary being given the additional executive responsibility.
this was conveying a message that the opposition in india concurred with key political initiatives that the indian establishment took during the transition, including bringing the maoists to the democratic process, 2005 onwards.
b'both the rajya sabha and the lok sabha have not transacted any substantial business ever since parliament reassembled on march 5 after a recess to carry forward the budget session, due to the protests over bank frauds, cauvery river water, special status for andhra pradesh and issues relating to the dalits.
both the rajya sabha and the lok sabha have not transacted any substantial business ever since parliament reassembled on march 5 after a recess to carry forward the budget session, due to the protests over bank frauds, cauvery river water, special status for andhra pradesh and issues relating to the dalits.
the rajya sabha on tuesday transacted business just for 37 minutes as 41 newly-elected members of the house took oath in presence of prime minister narendra modi and his predecessor manmohan singh.
finance minister arun jaitley, who was re-elected to the upper house from uttar pradesh, was also appointed the leader of the house.
of the 58 members, elected from 15 states in elections last month, 41members, including union ministers ravishankarprasad prasad, prakash javadekar, thaawar chand gehlot, jagat prakash nadda and dharmendra pradhan, took oath of affirmation on tuesday.
among other prominent new members were congresss abhishek singhvi and rjds manoj kumar jha.
the members took oath in nine different languages.
both the rajya sabha and the lok sabha have not transacted any substantial business ever since parliament reassembled on march 5 after a recess to carry forward the budget session, due to the protests over bank frauds, cauvery river water, special status for andhra pradesh and issues relating to the dalits and backward communities.
on tuesday too opposition members reached the well of the house shouting slogans, prompting chairman venkaiah naidu to adjourn the house for the day.
b'defence minister nirmala sitharaman countered the charges levelled by congress president rahul gandhi.
(express) defence minister nirmala sitharaman countered the charges levelled by congress president rahul gandhi.
(express)hitting back at congress president rahul gandhi for calling amit shah a man accused of murder, defence minister and bjp leader nirmala sitharaman on sunday termed allegations against her partys chief as a false, motivated campaign by the grand old party and insisted that shah has been cleared of all charges by the court.
giving a point-by-point rebuttal of gandhis speech, senior bjp leader and defence minister nirmala sitharaman termed his address as the rhetoric of a loser and devoid of substance.
astonishing that congress president chooses to name bjp president amit shah and says he is a murder accused.
he has been cleared by a court.
this is a fake and false motivated campaign by someone who is out on bail on criminal conspiracy of fraud in national herald case, sitharaman said while addressing a press conference.
earlier in the day, the gandhi scion took a veiled dig at bjp chief amit shah over the ishrat jehan and justice loya case and said people accepted a murder accused as the bjp president while they would not have done so if it was the congress chief.
they will accept a man accused of murder as the president of the bjp, but they will never ever accept the same in the congress because they hold congress in the highest regard, rahul said.
the party which questioned the fundamental existence of shri ram today wants to identify itself with pandavas, sitharaman said on gandhis remarks that the bjp was like kauravas who fought for power, and congress like pandavas, which fights for truth.
slamming the congress leadership, sitharaman called the congress mahamanthan a fakery which resulted in nothing.
meanwhile, bjps prakash javadekar, demanding apology from congress said, rahul gandhis speech was a low, in the history of speeches made by the congress.
he has accused bjp for the things for which the congress should apologise.
theyve done the worst kind of genocide for sikhs & justified it.
aicc plenary session day 3 highlightsthe congress president, in a scathing attack on pm narendra modi, had said that the name modi symbolises the collusion between indias biggest crony capitalists and the prime minister of india.
sitharaman, in a rebuttal, said, if we go by the same count, the congress president shares the name of the father of the nation when he is out on a bail.
does that impact the value of mahatma gandhi, because of just name-sharing.
is this how the president of a national party speaks about the pm, a man who has led the country with a clean government.
sitharaman question congress ideology and said, they seem to be supporting desh ko tukde tukde karenge band of people, the congress president went to jnu to stand with separatists and their friends.
meanwhile, union minister ravishankarprasad prasad said, rahul gandhis rant was shameful.
the way he spoke of the judiciary was irresponsible.
earlier in the day, congress had slammed the government on the issue of employment, farm distress and gdp, former finance minister p chidambaram targeting the government said, the modi government inherited a strong economy.
the task of development has to be continued by upcoming generations.
however, today, the indian economy is decoupled from the world economy which is growing.
however, the bjp said that it is a fight between the 48-year misrule of congress v/s the 48 months of clean administration and welfare of people by bjp.
b'congress president rahul gandhi.
(express file photo by anil sharma) congress president rahul gandhi.
(express file photo by anil sharma)congress president rahul gandhi on saturday launched a scathing attack on union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad for not paying attention to the appointment of judges in the courts but peddling fake news.
taking to twitter, the congress president stated how cases in all the courts are pending.
legal system collapsing under pending cases: supreme court 55,000 + high court 37 lakh + lower courts 2.
6 crore + yet, a staggering 400 high court and 6,000 lower court judges not appointed, while law minister preoccupied peddling fake news, said rahul.
legal system collapsing under pending cases: supreme court55,000 + high court37 lakh + lower courts2.
6 crore + yet, a staggering 400 high court and 6,000 lower court judges not appointed, while law minister preoccupied peddling fake news.
#judiciarydemonetisedpic.
twitter.com/qspkciupkw  rahul gandhi (@rahulgandhi) march 24, 2018he also took a swipe at prime minister narendra modi over the delay in appointment of judges to the supreme court.
justice k m joseph, overturned presidents rule in uttarakhand in 2016.
when his name was proposed for the supreme court, modi jis ego was hurt.
approval of over 100 judges, cleared for the supreme court and various high courts are now on hold.
#judiciarydemonetised(sic), he said in another tweet.
prasad had recently targeted rahul over facebook data leak scandal involving political data analytics firm cambridge analytica (ca).
the union minister had alleged that the gandhi scion used the services of cambridge analytics in gujarat assembly elections in 2017.
addressing a presser on thursday, he insisted that the congress has used the services of cambridge analytica, which has been accused of harvesting peoples data from platforms like facebook unlawfully to influence elections in different countries.
he said several media reports about the opposition party using the services of the firm had appeared in october and november last year and it never denied those stories till the bjp raised the issue.
this came after the congress chief said the government had invented a story about the congress alleged links with a controversial data firm to divert the media attention from the killings of indians in iraq as it was caught lying on the issue.
problem: 39 indians dead; govt on the mat, caught lying.
solution: invent story on congress & data theft.
result: media networks bite bait; 39 indians vanish from radar.
problem solved, rahul gandhi tweeted.
on wednesday, prasad questioned links between the congress and the data mining firm, which is at the centre of controversy in the united states and britain after being accused of harvesting personal information from facebook illegally to influence polls in several countries.
citing media reports about the congress plan to use the firms service for next years lok sabha elections, prasad, the law and it minister, called upon rahul gandhi to explain the companys role in his social media outreach.
the bjp leader said the number of gandhis twitter followers had shot up recently and wondered if it was due to the services of the firm that he achieved this fake popularity.
however, congress media in-charge randeep surjewala said neither his party nor rahul gandhi has ever hired the services of the beleaguered company.
b'government of india was never made formal party in the case, said union minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
(bjp twitter) government of india was never made formal party in the case, said union minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
(bjp twitter)with political parties blaming the ruling bjp of being a willing party over the alleged dilution of the scheduled tribes (prevention of atrocities) act, the union law minister on wednesday said the government was never made a formal party in the case where the supreme court laid down stringent guidelines under the act.
pointing out the original petition and orders passed by the bench of justices adarsh goel and u u lalit, union minister of law and justice ravishankarprasad prasad said, government of india was never made formal party in the case.
the bench also did not direct the additional solicitor general of india to file counter-affidavit in the case.
the remarks came a day after the congress accused the bjp-led government of misleading the nation by stating that it was not a party to the march 20 judgment of the supreme court.
a senior official in the government also pointed to the order passed by the bench, where it had only issued notice to the attorney general of india stating that the issue involves interpretation of a central statute.
the notice issued to the attorney general was only with respect to interpretation of a central statute.
but the notices were not issued on the question of law.
in fact, the additional solicitor general of india maninder singh presented his written submissions on the interpretation of the sc/st act, the official said.
read | changes in sc/st act: apex court doesnt stay its order, says were not going by any agitationthe official added that the procedure adopted in the case is unknown in the law.
in the petition filed in the case, only two respondents were made parties to the case.
the central government was never made a formal party it is equally intriguing why the state governments were not made party in the case, when the implementation of the act is to be done by them.
on january 31, the asg sought time to make his submissions.
on february 7, the bench reserved its judgment.
in a case as sensitive as this, the bench did not even ask the government to file counter-affidavit.
it is a procedure unknown in law, the official said.
mp misa bharti, daughter of rjd chief lalu prasad yadav, (file photo) mp misa bharti, daughter of rjd chief lalu prasad yadav, (file photo)the income tax department on tuesday slapped a penalty of rs 10,000 on rjd chief lalu prasads mp daughter misa bharti for non-compliance of summons and issued her fresh summons in connection with its probe in the rs 1,000 crore alleged benami land deals and tax evasion case.
bharti was supposed to appear before the investigating officer (io) of the case on tuesday but officials said she failed to keep the date.
the io has levied a penalty of rs 10,000 against her for non-compliance of summons under section 131 of the income tax act with a show cause notice to her in this regard, officials said.
she has now been asked to appear on june 12, they said, adding the departments queries in this case were to be answered by bharti and not by any of her authorised representatives.
they said the summons required bharti to appear in person on tuesday and join the investigation along with some personal financial documents.
it was not clear if bharti gave any reasons to the department for her non-appearance or she sent a lawyer to represent herself, which was rejected by the department.
bhartis husband, shailesh kumar, has also been summoned in the same case by the department for on wednesday.
the department wants to question the couple to take the probe further in this case, where the taxman had conducted multiple searches last month.
a chartered accountant, rajesh kumar agrawal, allegedly linked to bharti and others, was also arrested by the enforcement directorate (ed) on may 22.
agrawal is alleged to have aided in illegal transactions involving lalus kin.
officials have earlier said that the summons to bharti and kumar were part of the probe in the case and their statements will be recorded.
the couple allegedly have links with a firm  ms mishail packers and printers private limited which is suspected to have entered into benami deals for purchase of a farm house in delhis bijwasan area.
certain other property deals were also under the scanner of the taxman, they had said.
the department is expected to slap provisions of the newly-enacted benami transactions act, 1988, which became operational from november 1 last year, in this case.
the law provides for a maximum punishment of seven years in jail and a fine.
the action under the new law will be over and above the legal proceedings under the income tax act, 1961, which relates to charges of domestic tax evasion.
benami properties are those in which the real beneficiary is not the one in whose name the property has been purchased.
tax department officials had said lalus kin held some of the properties under their scanner in a benami way.
the rjd chief, however, had sought to put up a brave face after the raids, saying he was not scared at all and will continue to fight against fascist forces.
bjp mein himmat nahi hai ki lalu ki awaz ko daba sake lalu ki awaz dabayenge to desh bhar me karoron lalu khare ho jayenge main gidarbhabhki se nahi darne wala hoon (bjp does not have the courage to stifle my voice if it tries to silence one lalu, crores of lalu will come forward.
i am not scared of empty threats), he had said in a series of tweets after the search operation.
the bjp had also accused lalu, bharti and his two sons tejashwi and tej pratap, both ministers in the bihar government, of involvement in corrupt land deals worth over rs 1,000 crore, and asked the central government to probe one such transaction in delhi.
union minister ravishankarprasad prasad had alleged that these transactions were a case of quid pro quo, suggesting that money was paid in return for favour, as they dated back to the period when lalu was the railway minister, and dared bihar chief minister nitish kumar to take action against him.
lalus rjd is a constituent of bihars ruling coalition led by kumar.
lalus official residence was the address of the owners of the firms allegedly floated by his family members, ravishankarprasad prasad had said.
thirty six new duplex flats with modular kitchens, four bedrooms each, a lift and an office area are ready to be allotted to the newly-elected mps in lutyens delhis north avenue.
advertisingall the flats, which have a view of the rashtrapati bhavan, have been constructed by the central public works department (cpwd), the prime construction agency of the central government.
a senior government official told pti that by the end of this month, all the newly-constructed flats will be handed over to the lok sabha secretariat.
he said these low-rise building flats were equipped with solar panels, led lights, a dedicated basement parking for two cars each and all modern amenities to cater to the parliamentarians.
advertisingthirty six flats have been constructed at a cost of around rs 80 crore against the sanctioned cost of rs 92 crore.
the construction work of these flats had started in october, 2017, the official said.
he added that the cpwd constructed these flats after demolishing the old flats built several decades ago.
according to the plan, the old flats located in south and north avenues, which were built a long time ago, will be demolished in a phased manner and the new ones will be constructed there, he said.
the new lok sabha has around 300 members who have been elected to the lower house of parliament for the first time, including cricketer-turned-politician gautam gambhir, union ministers ravishankarprasad prasad and smriti irani, sufi singer hans raj hans and bengali actresses mimi chakraborty and nusrat jahan ruhi.
meanwhile, the government has made temporary arrangements to accommodate 350 mps till the time they are allotted full-time official residences in lutyens delhi.
in the past, newly-elected mps used to stay in five-star hotels, but this practice has been dropped following the lok sabha secretariats cost-cutting measures.
the bjp-led nda government started its second term as prime minister narendra modi and the other ministers of his council took the oath of office on may 30.
seeking to make india a hub of international and domestic arbitration, the lok sabha on wednesday passed a bill to set up an independent and autonomous regime for arbitration.
advertisingthe new delhi international arbitration centre (ndiac) bill, 2019, seeks to replace an ordinance issued in march this year by the previous government.
it would also acquire and transfer undertakings of the international centre for alternative dispute resolution (icadr) to the new delhi international arbitration centre (ndiac) with effect from march 2 this year.
the existing arbitration body has resolved 45 cases out of 55 in 25 years and 10 cases are still pending, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said during a debate on the bill.
observing that a new kind of imperialism is taking place, prasad said there is hardly any instance where an arbitration judgment has gone against american companies.
this kind of new imperialism is not acceptable, he said.
the proposed new delhi international arbitration centre will be headed by a chairperson, who has been a judge of the supreme court or a judge of a high court or an eminent person having special knowledge and experience in the field.
advertisingthere is also a provision for appeal and section 29 deals with the time-frame in which arbitration cases are disposed off, prasad said, adding that they had to be disposed off within a year.
congress leader adhir ranjan chowdhury said he is supporting the bill because its intent is commendable but it appears ambitious in terms of execution.
he said the government should conceptualise the national arbitration policy and strengthen the indian judicial system.
b'supreme court of india supreme court of indiaupset over the supreme courts decision to dilute stringent provisions under the scheduled castes and the scheduled tribes (prevention of atrocities) act, the ruling bjps dalit mps are learnt to have met union minister for social justice and empowerment thaawar chand gehlot on wednesday and asked him to take up the matter with prime minister narendra modi.
read | will seek review of supreme court decision, says original complainantaccording to sources, the mps, including a minister, asked the government to file a review plea in court.
alleging an increase in atrocities against dalits under the bjp-led government, the congress also demanded a review plea or an amendment in the act.
there is serious concern over yesterdays decision of the supreme court there is a feeling of insecurity among scs, sts and other oppressed classes.
we feel there should be a review of this decision, in national interest, said senior congress leader anand sharma.
read | sc/ st act being abused, prior sanction must for arrest, says supreme courtpeople are falsely implicated in murder or dacoity cases too.
why is the demand to save people from being falsely implicated always only in cases of atrocities act.
why is there an attempt to further silence the already oppressed, said congress mp p l punia, former chairperson of the national commission for scheduled castes.
meanwhile, the government said it would study the order.
i will have to examine the order and the issues and concerns over it, said union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
noting that the act was being abused, the supreme court on tuesday laid down stringent safeguards, including provisions for anticipatory bail, preliminary enquiry before registering a case, and prior sanction before arrest.
the supreme court order is a huge setback for the scheduled castes and scheduled tribes.
it violates the fundamental protection provided by the constitution for the weaker sections.
the government should act and take necessary steps to protect the communities, vinod kumar sonkar, mp and head of the bjps sc cell, told the indian express.
it is virtually giving the harassers or assailants impunity, he said.
a bjp leader said the partys dalit mps were very upset.
now the only thing left is to take away the reservation for scs and sts.
i fear things are moving in that direction, said a party mp.
pointing out recent developments, including the ugcs notification of a new formula which would shrink quota in faculty posts, he said the community was watching the developments with fear.
in effect, if a dalit girl gets raped, she will have to wait for a week to get the case registered.
and in a week, things would move in such a swift way that the case would disappear, he said.
what (bsp founder) kanshiramji said decades ago has come true.
he had warned that the manuvadis would use nyaypalikas (judiciary) to attack us.
thats happening now, said the mp, adding that nobody in the government appeared to be seriously worried about it.
there could be exceptions and some may have misused the law.
but there are too many incidents of attacks and atrocities against the communities.
the dalit community is too weak to misuse the laws in many parts of the country.
despite stringent laws, most of the cases are not even getting registered due to pressure from different sources, said the partys etawah mp, ashok kumar dohrey.
now, with the new order, nobody will hear them.
many will not even complain.
they will be too scared to complain.
you have no idea whats happening to such cases in rural areas in india, he added.
dinesh kashyap, lok sabha mp from bastar, reserved for the tribal community, said the order would affect the daily lives of the weaker sections.
the government should take steps to protect them.
we will approach our leadership and i hope they will appeal against it, he said.
rjd mp from banka, jay prakash narayan, said the law should be strongly in favour of the scs and sts, and their rights should be protected.
stating that this was the bjps responsibility, he added: but the bjp government will not do that, because it has manuvadi mentality and it is anti-dalit.
b'congress president rahul gandhi at a roadshow on sunday.
(photo: pti) congress president rahul gandhi at a roadshow on sunday.
(photo: pti)congress president rahul gandhi on sunday took to twitter to launch an attack on prime minister narendra modi over alleged data theft through the official namo app.
the bjp hit back, accusing rahul of lying and said the data is being used for only analytics using third party service.
it added that analytics on user data is done to offer users contextual content.
targeting the prime minister, rahul tweeted, hi!
my name is narendra modi.
i am indias prime minister.
when you sign up for my official app, i give all your date to my friends in american companies.
in a counter attack, bjps official handle stated, narendra modi app is a unique app, which is unlike most apps, gives access to users in guest mode without even any permission or data.
the permissions required are all contextual and cause-specific contrary to rahuls lies, fact is that data is being used for only analytics using third party service, similar to google analytics.
analytics on the user data is done for offering users the most contextual content.
it added: this ensures that a user gets the best experience by showing content in his language & interests.
a person who looks up agri-related info will get agri related content easily.
also read | narendra modi android app sharing personal info of users without consent: researcherthe war of words came against the backdrop of the misuse of facebook data by british firm cambridge analytica.
the data mining and analysis firm has come under the scanner for alleged breach of facebook user data.
the indian government has now sought information about its clients in india and whether it had harvested their user profiles.
ovleno business intelligence, the india partner of cambridge analyticas parent company, strategic communications laboratories, mentioned bjp, congress and jd(u) as its clients on its website, which was taken down earlier this week.
law and it minister ravishankarprasad prasad has accused congress of having links with cambridge analytica.
the congress has denied the allegation and claimed that the bjp and its ally in bihar, jd(u), engaged the data firm in elections, including the 2014 lok sabha polls.
in his tweet on sunday, rahul attached a news report stating that french vigilante hacker elliot alderson has purportedly alleged that data was stolen from his official app  namo app  without consent of the users.
reacting to rahuls tweet, the bjp said: rahul gandhi is in sublime form these days.
after mri & ncc, today he exposes his great knowledge about technology.
he is so rattled by the cambridge analytica expose that he daily tries to divert attention from it, yesterday it was the judiciary and today it namo app.
accusing congress of stealing data, the bjp said, rahul gandhi truly shows why he and his party have zero knowledge of technology.
all they do is scare the masses about technology while they continue to steal data using brahmastra of cambridge analytica.
b'in other words, nine crore workers in 25 states are facing illegal delays in wage payments.
more than half of this amount is in drought-affected states.
in other words, nine crore workers in 25 states are facing illegal delays in wage payments.
more than half of this amount is in drought-affected states.
as india faces the onslaught of another severe drought, and water, food, and employment dry up, the government will claim that it is doing its best to cope with the adversity.
but, given the facts, that will be a patently false statement.
the cynical attitude towards the mgnrega is an example of how policymakers are deliberately and knowingly  by squeezing funds and subverting the legal mandate of the law  causing immeasurable misery and suffering to people.
through the fund squeeze, the government has consciously crippled the mgnregas ability to help people facing drought.
officially, the drought has affected over a third of the country  nine out of the 29 states, 248 out of 660 districts, 2,327 out of 6,800 blocks, and 96,954 out of 2,57,000 panchayats.
unlike natural disasters, such as floods and earthquakes, which destroy ecosystems in a few moments, droughts take hold slowly and provide clear warnings to policymakers, thus giving them a chance to plan and execute effective drought management strategy.
yet, once it settles in, a mismanaged drought can wipe out economic progress made over decades, pushing an entire generation back into abject poverty.
the mgnrega was inspired by the maharashtra employment guarantee act, passed in 1977, wherein policymakers found wage employment as the best way to empower people against drought.
the funding for the state scheme came from four taxes, imposed on those less affected by the drought.
the money so received went into a fund dedicated to the scheme.
however, the mgnrega hasnt been as fortunate.
despite its proven success, the scheme is itself facing a monetary drought.
some facts: a whopping rs 10,588 crore is currently pending in payment delays.
in other words, nine crore workers in 25 states are facing illegal delays in wage payments.
more than half of this amount is in drought-affected states.
the saddest part is that notwithstanding the governments grand announcement  increasing the number of workdays to 150 in the nine drought-affected states  all these states have a negative cash balance.
its hardly surprising then that only 5 per cent households have completed 150 days of work.
this is conclusive proof that the government is ignoring the two most important legal requirements of the mgnrega  work on demand, and full and timely payment of wages.
despite its proven success, the scheme is itself facing a monetary drought.
the fund squeeze sets off a vicious cycle  delayed payments leading to lesser demand and still fewer payments  resulting in helplessness and distress migration.
the continued shortage of funds severely undermines the credibility of the law.
state governments and local administrators, too, are in a quandary: the law requires them to provide work but they dont have enough money to pay the wages.
communication accessed under the rti act shows that state governments have been unsuccessfully appealing for adequate fund releases, and are being forced to ration funds for the year.
this distortion turns the law into a cruel joke.
but drought-affected people are not the only ones distressed.
many company heads, who have unpaid dues stacking up as bank npas, such as vijay mallya, too, have been forced into distress migration!
in the budget, theres a full section on taxes forgone for the corporate sector.
and on march 23, ravishankarprasad prasad, the minister for communication and information technology, announced a rs 14,724 crore holi gift for government employees, with a 6 per cent increase in their daily allowance.
its clear that there are many competing priorities in india.
as prime minister, lal bahadur shastri had suggested that the well-off should forgo meals so that the starving could be fed.
that noble thought never worked.
the mgnrega was an attempt to institutionalise responsibility and move beyond such individual efforts.
but this has been systematically undermined, with disastrous consequences.
the mgnrega is not the only measure required to fight a drought but an honest implementation of the law could make a huge difference.
theres no substitute for an honest effort.
b'r ashwin becomes the fastest bowler to clinch 220 test wickets in 39 test matches.
(source: reuters) r ashwin becomes the fastest bowler to clinch 220 test wickets in 39 test matches.
(source: reuters)india beat new zealand by 321 runs in the third and the final test to complete a 3-0 whitewash in the series in indore on tuesday.
virat kohli-led side registered their second highest test win as spinner ravichandran ashwin clinched seven wickets while ravindra jadeja dismissed opener martin guptill and james neesham.
watch | bcci vs lodha: supreme court dismisses cricket boards review petitionearlier, to start the days proceedings, gautam gambhir, who made his comeback, scored his 22nd half-century, while cheteshwar pujara had his moments as he scored his eighth test ton and surpassed 350 runs in the series during his knock.
gambhir struck six fours while pujara managed to hit nine fours in his innings of 101.
the hosts declared their second innings on 216 for three.
new zealand, who had more than a day left with them, lost wickets in quick successions.
ross taylor (32), martin guptill (29) and skipper kane williamson (27) made starts but could not build substantial partnerships to take the match into the final day.
watch video: want to become a member of a cricket association?
become a geek first!
congrats team india on a emphatic win and 3-0 whitewash #indvsnz @bcci  vvs laxman (@vvslaxman281) 11 october 2016well fought series but eventually india knocked the fight out of nz.
dominance.
best in test.
well done, india  #indvsnz  aakash chopra (@cricketaakash) 11 october 2016india were favourites and theyve played like favourites.
england will be tougher.
harsha bhogle (@bhogleharsha) 11 october 2016congratulations to the indian cricket team for winning the test series 3-0 by beating new zealand by 321 runs in indore.
ravi shankar prasad (@rsprasad) 11 october 2016congratulations to team india & captain virat kohli for defeating new zealand by 321 runs .
ram vilas paswan (@irvpaswan) 11 october 2016since the birth of his daughter in july 2015 @ashwinravi99 has 96 wickets @ 16.
b'in another instance of the escalating fight between sanjay joshi and his bete noire narendra modi,posters batting for the former bjp general secretary and hitting out at the gujarat chief minister today appeared in delhi and in ahmedabad.
narendra modi slams pms lack of vision,development planningthough the bjp leadership played down the incident and denied that there was any rift in the party,the fact that this was part of the serious ongoing skirmishes between the supporters of the two leaders was not lost on anybody.
shah commission starts hearing corruption charges against modiafter joshi had to resign unceremoniously from the bjp national executive at the mumbai conclave as modi had put this as a precondition for his participation in the meet,articles and editorials in bjp and rss mouthpieces have appeared either castigating or praising them.
tell us: in the narendra modi-sanjay joshi tussle,is bjp the loser?
the hoardings and posters,put up in ahmedabad and at the party headquarters here with joshis pictures,said,chote man se koi bada nahi hota,tute man se koi bada nahi hota (nobody becomes big with a narrow mind).
it went on to say kaho dil se sanjay joshi phir se (say with your heart,sanjay joshi once again).
modi was the obvious target here,though his name was not written anywhere on the posters.
asked about this,bjp chief spokesperson ravishankarprasad prasad said,these were not authorised banners and posters of the party,so i do not have to say anything about them.
this is not the first case of differences between joshi and modi coming out in the open.
on june 1,bjp mouthpiece kamal sandesh had hit out at modi without naming him.
a day later,rss mouthpiece panchajanya also targeted modi,saying there were several other leaders within the bjp who have the potential to be prime minister.
but another rss mouthpiece organiser praised modi.
predictably,bjp said much should not be read into the articles written in kamal sandesh,panchajanya and organiser.
what has appeared in panchajanya and organiser are only the personal views of the author and not of the organisation (rss).
rss spokesperson ram madhav has already clarified this and i as a swayamsewak of the rss and chief spokesperson of bjp am saying this, prasad said.
when it was pointed out that kamal sandesh had expressed the anti-modi views in its editorial,prasad said editor of the bjp mouthpiece prabhat jha has cleared the air on the issue.
jha had said on june 1 that the editorial only maintains that organisation is supreme and everybody should work unitedly.
party insiders said rss and bjp are both divided on this issue with a section supporting modi and another standing by joshi.
the main concern,however,is that this infighting-which is not likely to cease anytime soon- may have an impact on the partys fortunes in the gujarat assembly elections,due in december this year.
besides jaitley, the interactions in delhi will also be addressed by home minister rajnath singh, external affairs minister sushma swaraj, coal minister piyush goyal, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad and agriculture minister radha mohan singh.
the nda governments publicity blitzkrieg on the occasion of its first anniversary next week will comprise among other things six press conferences by senior ministers in delhi, one talkathon and 15 press conferences at venues other than delhi, to be addressed by ministers, usually from those states.
information and broadcasting minister arun jaitley has circulated a schedule to the concerned ministers asking them to make it convenient to attend the conferences as scheduled.
the press information bureau (pib) is already preparing the stage for the high-profile conferences  the first is in delhi on may 22, where jaitley will showcase the achievements of the government.
the ministerial interactions will continue till june 10, with the last two being by food and civil supplies minister ram vilas paswan in patna and chemicals and fertilisers minister ananth kumar in bengaluru.
most senior ministers have been assigned specific duties.
jaitley will hold one more press conference in vadodara on may 26  the date when the government took oath exactly a year ago; minister of state for minority affairs mukhtar abbas naqvi will be in lucknow on june 9; and mos (home) kiren rijiju and mos (sports) sarbanand sonowal will be in charge in guwahati.
besides jaitley, the interactions in delhi will also be addressed by home minister rajnath singh, external affairs minister sushma swaraj, coal minister piyush goyal, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad and agriculture minister radha mohan singh.
goyal, mos (independent charge), commerce, nirmala sitharaman and hrd minister smriti irani will also hold a talkathon.
leaving nothing to chance, the government has already put in place slogans to emphasise that it has been continuously at work and has worked for the poor  a counter to congresss renewed campaign portraying the government as one that is working only for industrialists.
prime minister narendra modi will hold a rally in mathura, the birthplace of rss idealogue deen dayal upadhyay, to kick off the celebrations on may 25.
under his (narendra modis) dynamic leadership, we have taken a number of significant initiatives in various spheres of our national life which includes economy, energy and infrastructure, social security, transparency and good governance, among several others, impacting the life of our people.
the narrative of these pro-people, pro-poor, pro-farmer measures should reach out to our people to not only empower them but deepen their participation in our process of development and governance, jaitley said in his letter to ministers dated may 18.
stating that the pib has been instructed to arrange press conferences to ensure this communication happens effectively, the letter asks ministers to make it convenient to present themselves at the designated time and venue to address the press conferences.
ravi shankar prasad said the apex court itself in its interim order has instructed the government that aadhaar can be used in delivery of many subsidy-based, pro-poor schemes such as mgnrega, but it will not be mandatory.
(pti photo) ravishankarprasad prasad said the apex court itself in its interim order has instructed the government that aadhaar can be used in delivery of many subsidy-based, pro-poor schemes such as mgnrega, but it will not be mandatory.
(pti photo)the government on tuesday said identity proofs other than aadhaar can also be used to avail of welfare scheme benefits, a day after the supreme court said biometric cards cannot be made mandatory for accessing social benefits.
this is required to be clarified that the supreme court itself has permitted delivery of many pro-poor benefits by the application of aadhaar.
i wish to make it very clear that aadhaar is not mandatory for the benefits of welfare schemes.
if any person does not have aadhaar, other identity proofs from ration to driving licence can be used, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad told reporters here.
he said the apex court itself in its interim order has instructed the government that aadhaar can be used in delivery of many subsidy-based, pro-poor schemes such as mgnrega, but it will not be mandatory.
the minister said it is also clearly written in the aadhaar act that no eligible person will be deprived of any benefits if he or she does not have aadhaar card.
but at the same time as per the provision of the aadhaar act, attempts will be made to bring all people under its ambit, he said.
emphasising on the importance of aadhaar card, prasad said the government has been able to save rs 50,000 crore by using it.
b'where is the delay, ravishankarprasad prasad asked, according to pti.
let me ask rahul gandhidid he appeal for peace and calm yesterday?
there is tension in the country and congress is trying to fuel it.
where is the delay, ravishankarprasad prasad asked, according to pti.
let me ask rahul gandhidid he appeal for peace and calm yesterday?
there is tension in the country and congress is trying to fuel it.
while union ministers on tuesday pointed fingers at opposition parties for protests during mondays bharat bandh spiralling out of control at places, dalit outfits that organised the bandh maintained that the centre is to be blamed for its failure to protect the basic rights of dalit and adivasi people to carry our peaceful protest.
union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad alluded that the opposition may have abetted violence and pointed out that the bjp-governed states were the worst-hit.
the surrounding circumstances were too suspicious, pti quoted prasad as saying.
union minister for social justice and empowerment thaawarchand gehlot blamed the congress and the bsp for provoking protesters.
the incidents that have happened in the wake of yesterdays bandh show that opposition parties have, instead of taking a positive role, played a negative role.
they provoked sc, st and other people, leading to rioting and casualty, he said.
both ministers also dismissed charges that the government delayed taking a stand on filing a review petition in supreme court against the courts order on the sc/st act.
where is the delay, prasad asked, according to pti.
let me ask rahul gandhidid he appeal for peace and calm yesterday?
there is tension in the country and congress is trying to fuel it.
gehlot said, i had very early conveyed that we will file a review petition.
opposition parties too should have told people to end the andolan until the supreme courts final order on the matter.
instead, political parties, mainly congress (and) bsp, were part of the rallies, worsening the situation.
minister of state ramdas athawale, however, called the protests a spontaneous act by different dalit organisations.
the sc first gave directives against reservations in promotion.
dalits and adivasis were already angry about it.
when the recent order came diluting the atrocities act, dalits took to the streets to protest.
there was no single party or organisation behind it.
it is not an act against the government.
taking on congress, he said, seven people are dead but the congress is politicising the issue.
k ananda rao of all-india dalit rights federation, one of the organisers of the bandh, said, the bjp, rss, and bajrang dal are to be blamed for whatever violence occurred during our protests.
balwinder singh of jan samman party said, in rajasthan, ring-wing karni sena was responsible for pelting stones at peaceful protesters.
it was the governments duty to give us security for the march but as usual they failed us.
if all our demands for strengthening the act are not met by august 15, over 10 lakh bahujans will assemble in delhi to raise voice against this government.
athawale reiterated his earlier stand about extending 25 per cent reservation to the economically backward among savarnas (caste hindus) without touching the existing 49.
5 per cent reservation for sc, st and obcs.
stating that he has discussed this issue with prime minister narendra modi, he said, i will also write to the pm and ask him to release the caste census data  doing so will not increase casteism in any way.
the nda government is yet to make public the caste census data even as it released the data on rural and urban socio-economic indicators more than two years ago.
rjd chief lalu prasad yadav.
express photo by prashant ravi rjd chief lalu prasad yadav.
express photo by prashant ravithe bjp on saturday asked bihar chief minister nitish kumar to break his eloquent silence and take action against his ally lalu prasad over the purported telephonic conversation the latter had with jailed gangster mohammad shahabuddin.
union minister ravishankarprasad prasad accused the rjd chief of breaking law by shamelessly hobnobbing with a man convicted of murder and accused in over 30 serious cases, saying the development was text book case of constitutional impropriety.
nitish kumarji, a crime has been committed.
are you going to launch criminal proceedings against your ally lalu prasad?
he asked at a press conference.
bihar bjp president nityanand rai demanded kumars resignation, saying the report has exposed the criminal-government nexus in bihar.
prasad used the occasion to take a swipe at the opposition parties over their attempts to forge unity against the ruling bjp.
i want to ask the secular brigade which is working overtime to form an alternative.
i will ask sonia and rahul gandhi, sharad yadav and sitaram yechury if they will compromise with such heinous crimes to expand their secular umbrella, he said.
a news channel on saturday played purported telephonic conversation between lalu and shahabuddin, a former union minister and senior office bearer of the rjd, in which the siwan leader is heard complaining against the local sp and asking him to take action.
the rjd chief is then heard asking an aide to connect him to the sp, prasad alleged.
lalu prasad wields big influence in the bihar government and shahabuddin continues to run administration in siwan and neighbouring areas, he said.
prasad said shahabuddin was then in siwan jail.
the supreme court later ordered his transfer to delhi jail following a petition from a bihar-based parents whose three sons were killed, allegedly at shahabuddins behest.
the bjp leader noted that the jailed gangster is accused of murdering some left leaders as well as he targeted its leadership over their attempts to ally with the rjd.
rai said the local administration officials in bihar should be dismissed and kumar should resign.
it has now become clear that nitish is in alliance with people who are used to breaking the law.
action must be taken against lalu prasad, he said.
the incident has showed that kumar can ally with any body to be in power and it was time for him to go.
prasad claimed that countrys polity was moving away from corruption and crime but the development showed leaders like lalu prasad continue to practice the same old politics.
law minister ravishankarprasad prasad told reporters that the union cabinet approved an ordinance to amend the commercial courts, commercial division and commercial appellate division of high courts act.
law minister ravishankarprasad prasad told reporters that the union cabinet approved an ordinance to amend the commercial courts, commercial division and commercial appellate division of high courts act.
seeking to improve indias ranking in the ease of doing business index, the government on wednesday approved an ordinance to amend a law for faster disposal of commercial disputes.
law minister ravishankarprasad prasad told reporters that the union cabinet approved an ordinance to amend the commercial courts, commercial division and commercial appellate division of high courts act.
according to the bill which is pending in parliament, the specified value of a commercial dispute will be brought down to rs 3 lakh from the present rs 1 crore.
the proposed ordinance will replace the pending bill.
it would bring down the time taken from the present 1,445 days in resolution of commercial disputes of lesser value.
ease of doing business is an index of world bank which refers to the dispute resolution environment in a country which facilitates the investors in deciding for setting up of and operation of a business.
misa bharti (file photo) misa bharti (file photo)the income tax department has issued fresh summons to rjd chief lalu prasads mp daughter misa bharti in connection with its probe in the rs 1,000 crore alleged benami land deals and tax evasion case.
bharti was supposed to appear before the investigating officer (io) of the case but officials said she failed to keep the date.
she has now been asked to appear before the io on june 12, officials said.
it is understood that a lawyer representing the rajya sabha mp wanted to depose before the io but the summons required her to appear in person.
bhartis husband shailesh kumar has been summoned in the same case by the department for wednesday.
the department wants to question the couple to take the probe further in this case, where the taxman had conducted multiple searches last month.
a chartered accountant, rajesh kumar agrawal, allegedly linked to bharti and others was also arrested by the enforcement directorate (ed) on may 22.
agrawal is alleged to have aided in llegal transactions involving lalus kin.
officials had said that the summonses to bharti and kumar are part of the investigation in the case and their statements will be recorded.
the couple are alleged to have links with a firm ms mishail packers and printers private limited which is suspected to have entered into benami deals for purchase of a farm house in delhis bijwasan area.
certain other property deals are also under the scanner of the taxman, they had said.
i-t department officials had said they will apply provisions of the newly enacted benami transactions act, 1988, which became operational from november 1 last year, in this case.
the law provides for a maximum punishment of seven years in jail and a fine.
the action under this new law will be over and above the legal proceedings under the income tax act, 1961, which relates to charges of domestic tax evasion.
tax department officials had said lalus kin held some of the properties under their scanner in a benami way.
benami properties are those in which the real beneficiary is not the one in whose name the property has been purchased.
the rjd chief, however, had sought to put up a brave face after the raids, saying he was not scared at all and will continue to fight against fascist forces.
bjp mein himmat nahi hai ki lalu ki awaz ko daba sake lalu ki awaz dabayenge to desh bhar me karoron lalu khare ho jayenge main gidarbhabhki se nahi darne wala hoon (bjp does not have the courage to stifle my voice if it tries to silence one lalu, crores of lalu will come forward.
i am not scared of empty threats), he had said in a series of tweets after the search operation.
the bjp had also accused prasad, bharti and his two sons tejashwi and tej pratap, both bihar government ministers, of being involved in corrupt land deals worth over rs 1,000 crore, and asked the central government to probe one such transaction in delhi.
union minister ravishankarprasad prasad had alleged that these transactions were a case of quid pro quo, suggesting that money was paid in return for favour, as they dated back to the period when lalu was the railway minister, and dared bihar chief minister nitish kumar to take action against him.
lalus rjd is a constituent of bihars ruling coalition led by kumar.
lalus official residence was the address of the owners of the firms allegedly floated by his family members, ravishankarprasad prasad had said.
mos for home affairs kiren rijiju (file photo) mos for home affairs kiren rijiju (file photo)delhi university student gurmehar kaur on tuesday withdrew her media campaign against the akhil bharatiya vidhyarthi parishad (abvp) after reportedly receiving threats from the members of the rss-backed outfit and being trolled by the ruling bjp leaders.
the backlash against her campaign continues, with sports persons joining the chorus along with some bollywood celebs and political leaders.
hours back, wrestler yogeshwar dutt posted a version of kaurs campaign on social media  in the form of a meme.
his tweet was followed up by further retweets with hashtag of #bharatjaisijagahnahi which was also advocated by sehwag in his post.
watch | gurmehar kaur is a young girl, creating controversy over her isnt right: mos home affairs kiren rijijuin the meantime, while political leaders from the ruling bharatiya janata party have stayed away from making any controversial remarks on the martyrs daughter, they have vented their opinions against her campaign, blaming the opposition parties instead of vitiating the atmosphere in college campuses.
read: who is gurmehar kaur?
whats the ongoing #savedu campaign all about?
all your questions answeredmaintaining his earlier stand, minister of state for home affairs kiren rijiju today said, gurmehar kaur is a young girl, creating controversy over her isnt right.
he slammed the leftist parties for misleading the youth.
during war between india and china they (left) supported china, they mislead the youth and it is not right, added rijiju.
union minister ravishankarprasad prasad also steered clear of controversial statements, when he said, gurmehar kaur is martyrs daughter, respect that.
people politicising matter, what do they have to say about terrorists?
he also urged the nation to respect the fact and stop politicising matter.
i have utmost respect for freedom of speech.
but if someone tries to talk about breaking the nation in the garb of free speech, then they will be given a suitable response, he added.
read: gurmehar kaurs protest against abvp violence: lsr college backs their studentwatch video | kargil martyrs daughter says not scared of abvp, ready to take bullets for countryearlier in the day, the delhi police had registered an fir against unknown persons in connection with the rape threats issued to kaur.
the fir was registered under sections 354-a and 506 of the indian penal code (ipc) and 67 it act.
the development came after the delhi commission of women (dcw) chief swati maliwal issued a notice to the delhi police, asking them to provide details regarding the manhandling of women protesters.
gurmehar, who alleged rape threats over her social media campaign, pulled out of a march today against the campus violence.
she took up the poster campaign against violence on campuses after her friends were attacked  verbally and physically  allegedly by members of the abvp.
during her campaign, she alleged to have received threats  including those of rape and murder  on her social media accounts.
moreover, union ministers including kiren rijiju questioned her motives asking who were behind polluting her mind.
the jan chetna yatra of senior bjp leader l k advani received lukewarm response with an unenthusiastic gathering starting to move out even before advani could complete his speech.
while the rally had the usual frills with party flags and banners put up on the route,the fervour seemed waning.
advani landed at chandigarh airport in the evening and embarked on his journey enjoying the variety programmes en route to the rally ground.
from welcome by a religious group to shehnai vadan,dances and presentation of martial arts (gatka) a number of events were organised.
from hallomajra lightpoint to the sector 29-31 roundabout,the rath then moved towards sector 30.
while the bjp claimed that hundreds of workers would accompany the yatra,police outnumbered the party workers.
at the rally ground,as bjp leaders and people waited for advani to arrive cultural programmes were interspersed with speeches from leader of opposition in lok sabha sushma swaraj,himachal pradesh chief minister prem kumar dhumal and others like captain abhimanyu,ravi shanker prasad and sham jaju.
bjps state ally,the akali dal,made its presence felt with prem singh chandumajra.
corruption and inflation was the flavour of the rally.
the art and culture cell of the bjp presented a skit depicting the problem of inflation.
the central characters were manmohan singh,sonia gandhi,rahul gandhi and pawan kumar bansal.
to add a local touch,congress councillors pardeep chhabra and devinder singh babla were also depicted in the skit mission loot lo india.
people from villages were ferried in buses and trucks to be present at the rally.
carrying party flags and banners they came shouting slogans.
however,soon the enthusiasm seemed to die down.
the party leaders had asked the prospective candidates and ticket hopefuls for the civic elections to gather crowd for the rally if they wanted a ticket.
those who brought the crowd made their presence felt by carrying banners with the ward number from where they came.
police arrested 15 persons in this connection and raids are on to trace others.
police arrested 15 persons in this connection and raids are on to trace others.
a mob on saturday attacked a police station in azamgarh, demanding to invoke national security act (nsa) against a 23-year-old businessman who was arrested friday for allegedly writing some objectionable comments against prophet mohammed on facebook.
police arrested 15 persons in this connection and raids are on to trace others.
circle officer (co), phoolpur area, ravishankarprasad prasad said a group of locals led by history-sheeter kaleem jamai arrived at saraimeer police station around 11 am.
the mob shouted slogans, demanding to invoke nsa against amit sahu, he said.
policemen tried to pacify the mob saying that there is a procedure which needs to be followed before invoking nsa.
but, the mob started pelting the policemen with stones.
they also damaged a vehicle parked on the police station campus, the co said.
police later cane-charged the mob to bring the situation under control.
we arrested 15 persons from the spot.
attempts are being made to trace others, including kaleem, who managed to escape.
situation is under control at present, the co added.
station house officer (sho) of saraimeer police station ram naresh yadav said, we registered an fir against him (amit sahu) under ipc section 295-a (deliberate and malicious acts, intended to outrage religious feelings of any class by insulting its religion or religious beliefs).
the police also invoked information technology act against the accused.
amit was arrested on friday and produced before a local court saturday, which sent him to jail.
law minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
(file photo) law minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
(file photo)the election commission needs to build a political consensus on the issue of electoral reforms, including funding, the government said today, putting the ball back in the court of the poll panel on its long-pending demand for changes in the system of party fundings.
responding to a string of questions on the demands of the commission to amend electoral laws to bar anonymous donations above rs 2000 and to give it power to deregister a political party, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said the government will render full cooperation to the poll watchdog on the issue.
watch what else is making news?
our government stands firmly behind the proposal to make electoral funding more transparent.
this requires political consensus across political divide.
ec needs to take stand in this regard.
we shall render full cooperation, he told reporters.
addressing one of his election rallies in uttar pradesh recently, prime minister narendra modi had hailed ecs efforts to cleanse political system of black money.
the commission has sent to the law ministry a string of electoral reform proposals, including the one to reduce from the present rs 20,000 to rs 2000 anonymous political donations, power to countermand polls over proof of use of money power and authority to deregister political parties.
several ec proposals are pending with the government which the poll body feels can help cleanse the electoral system.
b'union minister ravishankarprasad prasad (source: twitter/bjp/file) union minister ravishankarprasad prasad (source: twitter/bjp/file)the government on wednesday rejected the congresss allegation that the arrest of karti chidambaram was vendetta.
union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said the government does not interfere and the law must take its own course in the case.
he said the nature of evidence available against the offender must speak for itself and not the alibi of vendetta.
the law is taking its course.
the law must take its course.
the cbi will explain all the details.
we do not wish to interfere.
there is no interference of the government, he told reporters.
but i will only make one observation.
when such issues are raised, what is important is that the nature of evidence available against the offender must speak for itself and not the alibi of vendetta, he said.
parliament live updates: a day before the union budget, union finance minister nirmala sitharaman tabled the economic survey in the rajya sabha thursday.
the survey projected the gdp growth for 2019-20 at 7 per cent, up from 6.
8 per cent in the previous fiscal.
prepared by chief economic advisor krishnamurthy subramanian, the survey highlights the challenges in the country and point to possible solutions.
the annual report of the indian economy for the year 2018-19 also comes at a time when some critics say the modi government in its first term delivered a job less growth and it needed to re-invent to propel the economy and create jobs.
explained | why the economic survey matterskey bills like the aaadhaar and other laws (amendment) bill, 2019, will be introduced for passage in the lok sabha by law minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
in the rajya sabha, union minister harsh vardhan will move the indian medical council (amendment) bill, 2019 to amend the indian medical council act, 1956.
the supreme court has agreed to hear the centres plea on may 3.
(express photo by tashi tobgyal/file) the supreme court has agreed to hear the centres plea on may 3.
(express photo by tashi tobgyal/file)the supreme court on friday agreed to hear the centres plea  seeking a review of the apex courts verdict on the scheduled castes and the scheduled tribes (prevention of atrocities) act (sc/st act)  on may 3.
a bench comprising justices a k goel and deepak gupta scheduled the hearing for next week after attorney general k k venugopal said he had already filed the written submission and urged for an early hearing on the same.
the last line of your last order says that list the matter after written submission is filed.
i have filed my written submission.
four states have also filed review petitions.
please give us a date, ag venugopal told the bench.
early this month, the centre had moved the court against its verdict that laid down stringent safeguards before registering a case under the act.
the top court had ruled that the arrest of an accused under the sc/st act is not mandatory and a recourse to coercive action would be taken only after preliminary inquiry and sanction by competent authority.
union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad had said the government would argue the matter with full authority in the top court and appeal for reconsideration.
on behalf of the ministry of social justice and empowerment, every comprehensive review has been filed and the government, with due respect, does not agree with the reasoning given by the top court, he had said.
b'congress party chief rahul gandhi.
(express photo by anil sharma/files) congress party chief rahul gandhi.
(express photo by anil sharma/files)congress president rahul gandhi on saturday hit out at the nda government over huge pendency of cases in courts and shortage of judges, and accused law minister ravishankarprasad prasad of peddling fake news.
his attack came after prasad accused the congress of hiring the services of controversial data firm cambridge analytica, accused of harvesting data stolen from facebook, in previous elections.
the congress had countered the charges saying it was the bjp that had hired the firm for elections.
in a series of tweets, gandhi said while the number of cases pending in the courts were rising, the law minister was busy peddling fake news.
legal system collapsing under pending cases: supreme court 55,000+, high court 37 lakh+, lower courts 2.
6 crore+.
yet, a staggering 400 high court and 6,000 lower court judges not appointed, while law minister preoccupied peddling fake news, he tweeted.
reacting sharply to rahuls accusation, prasad also tweeted that the data claiming the hiring of high court judges had actually increased during the nda regime as compared with the upa tenure.
average appointments of high court judges under upa-1 was 86 per year, and in upa-2 it was 79 per year.
under nda it has been 109 per year, he posted.
mr rahul gandhi, the notice given to cambridge analytica for data manipulation has naturally worried you.
angry, frustrated and apprehensive, you are now dragging the judiciary.
deeply reprehensible, prasad tweeted.
union ministers prakash javadekar, ravishankarprasad prasad and harsh vardhan at an iftaar party hosted by minority affairs minister mukhtar abbas naqvi in new delhi wednesday.
renuka puri union ministers prakash javadekar, ravishankarprasad prasad and harsh vardhan at an iftaar party hosted by minority affairs minister mukhtar abbas naqvi in new delhi wednesday.
renuka purihaving shunned iftaars for four years of the narendra modi government, the bjp waded into it on wednesday, with minority affairs and parliamentary affairs minister mukhtar abbas naqvi hosting one for muslim women.
among the guests were a few victims of triple talaq  and not all of them were in favour of the law banning instant triple talaq, the bjps showpiece legislation for the welfare of muslim women.
several cabinet ministers attended the event, among them home minister rajnath singh, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad, hrd minister prakash javadekar, textiles minister smriti irani, environment minister harsh vardhan, and external affairs mos m j akbar.
asked why the bjp has succumbed to iftaar politics, naqvi said: this is not a political iftaar  it is about making muslim women feel empowered.
theirs is political engineering, ours in social engineering.
the reference was to the iftaar being hosted by congress president rahul gandhi a few kilometres away at a plush hotel.
also read: top opposition leaders skip rahuls first iftaar as congress presidentnaqvi said his ministry is now planning to hold women-only progress panchayats in minority areas.
progress panchayats are an outreach initiative of the nda government for muslims in which the minister travels to areas with a considerable minority presence to discuss local development issues.
also present at the event was moina benazir, the first woman officer who will be sent to saudi arabia this year for the management of indian haj pilgrims.
an integrated financial adviser at the defence accounts office, benazir had applied for the job and has been selected.
while happy at being selected, she said, there will also be a lot of work.
she leaves later this month.
among muslim women brought by the mantris at local bjp offices were yasmin and nayra.
both had been given instant triple talaq and, as the more articulate women in the guest list, voiced their concerns about development issues for the community such as education and employment.
yasmin still breaks into tears talking about the time her husband left her and their two children.
he left one fine dayhe said the words (talaq talaq talaq) himself, and also later conveyed them through his mother, she said.
what is the point of a (new) law?
the men need to understand the implications of what they do  a law will not help.
since her talaq  instant triple talaq  nayra is working at selling of ladies goods, but she does not make enough money to give an education to all her four children.
two of them go to school, because my mother pays (their school fees).
the other two do not go to school, she said.
nayra said the law banning instant triple talaq will make a difference because it would give some time for reconciliation.
men would not just walk out of marriageslike it happened in my case, she said.
naqvi said that the bjp-led government had made it possible for women to go for haj without a male companion.
on april 26, the government returned for reconsideration the collegiums recommendation to elevate justice k m joseph but notified the appointment of malhotra as a judge.
(express photo by neeraj priyadarshi) on april 26, the government returned for reconsideration the collegiums recommendation to elevate justice k m joseph but notified the appointment of malhotra as a judge.
(express photo by neeraj priyadarshi)nine days after it deferred its decision at the meeting called to consider the reiteration of the choice of elevating chief justice of uttarakhand justice k m joseph to the supreme court, the supreme court collegium is set to meet friday afternoon at 1 pm.
it was four months ago, at its meeting on january 10, that the collegium consisting of chief justice dipak misra, the senior-most judge in the apex court justice j chelameswar and justices ranjan gogoi, madan lokur and kurian joseph had decided unanimously to recommend the names of justice k m thomas and (then senior advocate) indu malhotra to the supreme court.
on april 26, the government returned for reconsideration the collegiums recommendation to elevate justice k m joseph but notified the appointment of malhotra as a judge.
read | four collegium judges meet, pressure on cji to reiterate justice k m josephs nameinterestingly, while the agenda on may 2 spoke of the matter of reconsideration of justice k m josephs name, it also appended the matter of elevation of judges from calcutta, rajasthan, telangana and andhra pradesh in view of the concept of fair representation.
this time, however, the second subject-matter on the agenda, is simply to consider names of high court judges for elevation as judges of the supreme court.
the difference in phrasing this time could be significant as the centre, while rejecting the elevation of justice k m joseph, had cited seniority (he is 42nd in the all india judges seniority list), regional representation and the lack of sc/sts representation.
related report | supreme court collegium meets but defers decision on justice josephs elevationthe centres contention was that kerala was over-represented, justice k m joseph was not senior enough and there were no sc/st judges.
the fair representation might have been viewed as the judiciary buckling under pressure from the centre on having conceded that on principle.
the phrase not being on the agenda may be indicative of a shift in the mood in the collegium from the last time.
apart from the supreme court bar association, several jurists and former chief justices and judges had said that the supreme court must go ahead and reiterate the name of justice k m joseph as it would then, as per the law in the country, be incumbent on the centre to swear him in.
former chief justice of india justice r m lodha had termed the governments move to segregate names  return justice joseph and approve malhotra  as striking at the very heart of judicial independence.
read | not avenging justice k m josephs uttarakhand order: ravishankarprasad prasadwhile many issues between the supreme court and the executive remain unresolved, including the memorandum of procedure (or the terms of engagement between them), the matter of justice k m thomas is being watched closely as a gauge of how far the supreme court with chief justice dipak misra at its helm, is ready to go to assert its independence.
the centre last month cleared the name of indu malhotra to be elevated but sent back justice k m josephs name.
it was justice joseph who had struck down the centres bid to impose presidents rule in uttarakhand.
the law minister denies that this is a factor.
also read: the judiciary is being undermined on multiple frontsas reported in the indian express, there was an informal meeting of four judges of the collegium on may 9.
that, alongwith a letter by justice j chelameswar to his four colleagues in the collegium, detailing why he felt justice k m josephs name should be reiterated immediately, appear to have resulted in cji dipak misra calling a formal meeting for friday to consider the matter.
the apex court is functioning with 24 judges out of a total strength of 31; four judges are expected to retire this year.
b'the telecom companies named by surjewala are bharti airtel, vodafone, reliance, idea, tata and aircel.
the telecom companies named by surjewala are bharti airtel, vodafone, reliance, idea, tata and aircel.
congress on thursday alleged a staggering rs 45,000-crore telecom scam and that modi government was surreptiously taking steps to protect the interests of six leading telecom companies which owe the money to the public exchequer.
latest is a staggering telecom scam of approximately rs.45,000 crore plus that is being buried under the carpet by modi sarkar, partys chief spokesman randeep surjewala alleged at a joint press conference with party spokespersons shaktisinh gohil and r p n singh.
he alleged that the government is surreptitiously taking steps to protect the interests of six leading telecom companies by helping them avoid the payment of charges rightfully owed to the government.
he claimed that this is a clear-cut case of loss to the public exchequer verified by the cag with the sole aim of helping friendly crony capitalists.
the telecom companies named by surjewala are bharti airtel, vodafone, reliance, idea, tata and aircel.
replying to a question whether ravishankarprasad prasad, who was this week shifted to law and justice ministry from telecom was involved, surjewala claimed that what has happened in the matter cannot take place without the direct or indirect concurrence of the prime minister and it would be improper to blame any one minister.
the congress leaders said that the cag initiated an audit of the six telecom companies for four years from 2006-07 to 2009-10 at the instructions of the congress-led upa government.
it specifically looked at underreporting of income and non-uniform method of accounting adopted by various telecom companies and consequent lack of obligation to pay outstanding licence fee and spectrum usage charges (suc).
in its report submitted this year, the cag found an alleged understatement/underreporting of income by the six companies of rs.46,045.
75 crore in the four years.
resultantly, the cag found that there was an amount of rs.12,488.
93 crore, which remains un-recovered by the government.
this does not include penalty, if any, and other relevant taxes.
, surjewala said.
he said that although there has been considerable increase in business, consumer base and income, even if loss of exchequer is calculated on the same formula for the years 2010-11 to 2015-16, this figure would be rs.45,000 crore plus.
instead of immediately acting on these shocking and startling revelations reflecting serious loss to public exchequer, modi government has opted for an alternative re-evaluation of these figures by telecom ministry through chartered accountants who are empanelled with them, surjewala said.
surjewala claimed that firstly this is a clear methodology of modi government to inordinately delay the process of recovery for years together, if not, writing it off entirely.
secondly, it reflects the apparent mal-intent of the government to dilute or diminish the figures put forth by the cag, he charged.
raising a number of questions, he wondered whether it is a grotesque breach of public trust by bjp-led government, which, in the past, had made a notional loss pegged by cag in 2g spectrum allocation case a major issue of corruption.
asking about the government plans to recover actual losses, he wondered whether government is acting as a willful collaborator with the select corporate entities in artfully dodging recovery of massive sums of money.
is it a new way to minimize fiscal deficit?
he said sarcastically.
why is modi government maintaining a conspicuous silence on the matter becoming virtually comatose despite the mammoth size of financial sums involved?
, he said.
b'refuting home minister sushilkumar shindes charge that opposition-ruled states were opposed to formation of nctc,bjp today said the government needs to strengthen intelligence gathering and coordination rather than playing politics on the issue of terrorism.
several innocent lives have been lost in the hyderabad blasts.
the government should stop playing politics on the issue of terrorism.
we want the government to take appropriate action.
there should be better coordination between the centre and the state governments, bjp spokesperson ravishankarprasad prasad said.
the main opposition party maintained that the blame-game should stop and the system of intelligence gathering and sharing of information between the centre and the states should be looked into.
pledging all support to the government in the fight against terrorism,bjp said the country should unitedly deal with the menace.
however,it alleged that the government is not taking appropriate measures.
this government should rise above vote-bank politicson every passing day,shinde is being seen as an unsuccessful home minister, prasad said.
in the past,bjp has opposed national counter terrorism center on the grounds that it will encroach upon the policing rights of states.
but bjp-ruled states maintain they are ready to cooperate on some aspects like sharing of information.
asked about shindes charge that some states are opposed to nctc,prasad said,we are not against coordination between the centre and the states.
but why was there no coordination between the andhra pradesh stf and the centre.
the centre says it had given intelligence inputs,but the state says it had not received any information.
b'the party wanted to know who were the bribe takers after those who gave the bribe were convicted by an italian court.
the party wanted to know who were the bribe takers after those who gave the bribe were convicted by an italian court.
bjp on tuesday used the conviction of italian officials linked to the vvip chopper scam to target the congress and asked the then defence minister a k antony to name the party leaders allegedly involved in the scandal.
the party wanted to know who were the bribe takers after those who gave the bribe were convicted by an italian court.
addressing a press conference, union minister ravishankarprasad prasad said antony had in march 2013 said corruption had taken places in the purchase of vvip choppers and that bribe had been taken.
he asked antony to come clean on it.
bribe givers have been convicted.
why are bribe takers silent?
antony should answer if leaders of congress are involved in it or not.
are they from your party or not?
please come out clean, he said.
he said the treasury benches will use the issue to attack congress in parliament.
the chopper scam is not an isolated case of graft and corruption is the byword of upa-i and upa-ii.
prasad said tuesdays attack on congress was only the first chapter as top bjp leaders, including its chief amit shah and union ministers arun jaitley and venkaiah naidu, huddled together to mull over their next move.
the top bjp leaders, sources said, deliberated on various issues and fine tuned their strategy to attack the main opposition party during parliament session.
antonys honesty is discussed and the senior congress leader himself speaks about, he said wryly, and asked him to go public with the names of guilty party leaders.
quoting from the italian courts order prasad said, there was reasonable belief that corruption had taken place and it was validly proven that 10-15 million dollars made way to indian officials.
law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said the burden on judiciary can be reduced only if the government is ready to take a considered view before filing cases.
(file photo) law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said the burden on judiciary can be reduced only if the government is ready to take a considered view before filing cases.
(file photo)with government being the biggest litigant in the country, the law ministry has written to various government departments to bring down cases and desist from being compulsive litigants.
putting on record that the government is party to nearly 46 per cent of the 3.
14 crore cases pending in courts, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad has said that the burden on judiciary can be reduced only if the government is ready to take a considered view before filing cases.
in a letter to his cabinet colleagues heading various ministries, he said, the government must cease to be a compulsive litigant the judiciary has to spend its maximum time in tackling cases where the government is a party, and the burden on the judiciary can only be reduced if the cases are filed after taking a careful and considered view.
though law ministry officials have noted that the government is a party in 46 per cent of the cases pending in courts, it is for the first time that the law minister has gone on record with this figure.
prasad has also addressed a similar letter to the chief ministers of all states.
he said officials should identify frivolous and vexatious matters and separate them with merit and take quick steps to either withdraw or dispose them speedily.
he said filing of new cases against government staff should be discouraged and recourse to litigation should be adopted only as a last resort.
the law ministers letter to his cabinet colleagues and the chief ministers came at a time when the centre is working to bring out a national litigation policy since 2010.
several states have already adopted their separate litigation policies.
prime minister narendra modi had in october last termed the government as the biggest litigant and had pushed for a need to lessen the load on the judiciary, which spends its maximum time in tackling cases where the government is a party.
tihar jail in delhis tilak nagar.
express photo by ravi kanojia.
tihar jail in delhis tilak nagar.
express photo by ravi kanojia.
union law minister ravishankarprasad prasads missive to all high court chief justices to review cases of undertrials who have been incarcerated for long and to take suo motu action for their release is a move in the right direction.
a plethora of data highlights the seriousness of the problem.
national crime records bureau (ncrb) data, for example, shows that of the over 2.
82 lakh people in jail in 2015, about 67 per cent were undertrials.
more than 65 per cent of the undertrials spend three months to five years in jail before getting bail.
prasad has called for a national mission to rectify matters.
but while there is no reason to doubt the law ministers sincerity, it remains to be seen if his directives could herald a change in indias notoriously sluggish justice delivery system.
calls to rectify matters have been made before.
the issue of undertrials found mention during the imbroglio over the appointment of judges last year.
but very often the plight of those languishing in jails entered the argument only to make a case for the urgency of the appointment of judges.
while there is no doubt that an overburdened judiciary is a major reason for the delay in justice, other shortcomings in the criminal justice system require urgent redressal.
police and prison officials, for example, often fail to fulfill their roles, leading to long delays in trials.
most of the undertrials come from disadvantaged social groups  several surveys have shown that 50-55 per cent of the undertrials are from minority communities and dalits.
ncrb data shows that 70 per cent of them are illiterate.
lack of resources constricts their ability to seek out lawyers and hostile police and prison authorities are rarely of help  despite a 1980 supreme court ruling that article 21 of the constitution entitles prisoners to a fair and speedy trial as part of their fundamental right to life and liberty.
the understaffed judiciary compounds the problem.
section 167 of the code of criminal procedures mandates that judges can extend a detainees custody for a period of 15 days at a time.
for that to happen, the detainees have to be produced regularly before the courts.
this rarely happens; proceedings dont take place in time and the undertrials are shuttled from court to court.
while issuing his directive to the judges, the law minister asked all the stakeholders  the government and judiciary  to take collective responsibility to ensure that that the institutional mechanism works seamlessly to ensure access to justice for the undertrials.
the work should begin in right earnest.
election commission of india (file photo) election commission of india (file photo)the government has rejected a proposal by the election commission, which the panel said would enhance secrecy of voting.
law minister ravishankarprasad prasad, in a letter dated november 18, 2016, informed chief election commissioner nasim zaidi that the committee of ministers headed by home minister rajnath singh did not accept the demand to introduce totaliser machines for counting of votes.
these machines increase the secrecy of voting by counting votes polled at 14 polling booths together, as against the current practice of announcing booth-wise results.
according to the election commission, the identification of area-wise voting trends could encourage candidates and political parties to target areas where they got less votes.
before the introduction of electronic voting machines, counting of votes was done after mixing all ballot papers, which prevented the disclosure of voting patterns in every booth.
prasads letter does not state the reasons why the proposal was shot down.
the law minister could not be reached for a comment.
the ec first approached the law ministry in 2008 with the proposal to amend the conduct of election rules to introduce totaliser machine on counting day.
last august, a team of union ministers  rajnath singh, arun jaitley, manohar parrikar, nitin gadkari and ravishankarprasad prasad  was constituted on the direction of prime minister narendra modi to deliberate on the idea.
according to ec sources, the proposal was supported by only three (bsp, congress, ncp) of the six national parties after the commission demonstrated the use of the machine last march.
the bjp had opposed it on the ground that details of booth-wise performance of candidates was important for booth management.
the cpi(m) agreed in principle but added a rider saying that the machine should be used carefully and introduced in phases.
as first reported by the indian express on november 21, 2016, the law ministry hasnt accepted the ecs demand for permanent legal powers to cancel elections in case there is credible evidence of voters being bribed.
this was reiterated in prasads letter to zaidi on november 18.
union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad on friday introduced the triple talaq bill in the lok sabha saying rights of muslim women will be protected.
he said, the issue is not about religion, but about the protection of women.
he quoted article 15 of the constitution to emphasise his point and said the law is to give justice to women who were victims of instant talaq.
advertisinghowever, the move was opposed by the opposition.
mp shashi tharoor said he is against instant talaq but is opposed to consider a civil offence a criminal offence.
he suggested the scope of the bill should be extended to women of all communities.
other than triple talaq bill, the homeopathy central council (amendment) bill 2019 was also introduced in the house by union health minister harsh vardhan.
meanwhile, in rajya sabha, chairman and vice president m venkaiah naidu suggested that any bill pending for more than five years in the upper house should be considered lapsed.
he also called for a debate on the rule that provides for automatic lapsing of any bill passed by the lok sabha but pending in the rajya sabha with the dissolution of the lower house of parliament.
union ministers ravishankarprasad prasad, smriti irani, d v sadananda gowda, narendra singh tomar, arjun munda and arvind sawant have been allotted front row seats in lok sabha, official sources said on wednesday.
advertisingprime minister narendra modi, defence minister rajnath singh, home minister amit shah and transport minister nitin gadkari already occupy front seats.
prasad and irani were members of the rajya sabha earlier.
sawant belongs to the shiv sena.
from the opposition side, the front-benchers are congress parliamentary party leader sonia gandhi, the partys leader in lok sabha adhir ranjan chowdhury, samajwadi party leader mulayam singh yadav and dmk leader t r baalu.
congress president rahul gandhi stays in the second row because the congress has a quota of two front seats.
this is the first time that irani, who won the lok sabha election for the first time, has been given a front row seat in parliament.
shah and prasad had front row seats in the upper house earlier.
the rajya sabha faced a peculiar situation on friday, when ysrcp member v vijaysai reddy refused to withdraw his private members bill seeking reservation for obcs in the lok sabha and state assemblies, and demanded a vote on the bill.
advertisingthe government, which opposes the bill, does not have a majority in the upper house.
but on friday, with opposition benches near empty, the bill would have been stuck, but that would have meant that bjp would vote against a bill which seeks reservation for obcs, which would have been bad optics.
law minister ravishankarprasad prasad, however, deftly handled the situation, arguing that since the bill seeks to amend the constitution, it requires a majority of two-third of the members present and voting.
the argument triggered heated exchanges between reddy, congress members jairam ramesh and b k hariprasad on one side and prasad and leader of the house thaawarchand gehlot on the other.
reddy did not withdraw the bill, despite prasad and gehlot urging him to do so.
the ysrcp leader said the population of obcs is more than 50 per cent in all states, and justice still eludes them even after seven decades of independence.
prasad said the bjp government is committed to the welfare of the obcs but a voting cannot take place as it is being sought on a bill which seeks to amend the constitution.
advertisingas the heated exchanges continued, satyanarayan jatiya, who was on the chair, said the rules are clear  that an amendment of this constitution may be initiated only by introduction of a bill for the purpose in either house of parliament and when a bill is passed in each house by a majority of the total membership of that house and by a majority not less than two-third of the members of that house present and voting.
finally, reddy relented.
he said the objection that the bill cannot be voted upon since it seeks to amend the constitution was not raised when it was tabled.
the law minister is raising the objection after the debate is over, which according to me is not justified, he said, and then staged a walkout, ending the stalemate.
the bill proposes to ensure a proportionate representation to obcs in representative bodies, and all the opposition members who participated in the debate supported it.
in his reply, prasad said the founders of the constitution had laid down reservation provisions for scs and sts after much deliberation.
he added that the number of seats in lok sabha cannot be increased till the 2026 census, and if more reservation is given, you will deprive sc/st reservation.
prasad said the bjp has always worked for empowering obcs and argued prime minister narendra modi himself belonged to the obc category.
prasad also named several leaders belonging to backward communities like lalu prasad, mulayam singh yadav, nitish kumar, shivraj singh chouhan, uma bharti and karpuri thakur.
a ruling bjp member in the lok sabha wednesday countered telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasads remarks that during calamities, only state-run telecom operators provide free services to subscribers.
advertisingresponding to supplementaries during question hour, prasad said during natural calamities such as floods and cyclones, only state-run telecom companies bsnl and mtnl extend free services to subscribers.
rajiv pratap rudy (bjp) claimed that other private operators too extend free services.
at this prasad asserted that while private companies provide free services only for a couple of days, bsnl and mtnl provide free services till the calamity is over.
rudy also claimed that often bsnl/mtnl calls drop but they are charged for.
he said since the companies are state run, when people do not get network, they end up blaming the government.
some opposition members said rudy should be made the minister to improve the state of affairs.
he was a minister of state in the previous modi government.
prasad said it is important that state-run companies are in a good fiscal health.
from building bridges for children to go to school in jammu and kashmir to an early warning system in gujarat that has brought flood casualties to zero, from upgrading district hospitals in chhattisgarh to a village in himachal pradesh where a garbage dump is now a park  such transformative change scripted by the district magistrate was celebrated at the first the indian express excellence in governance awards wednesday evening, a biennial event that celebrates the finest work done by dms across the country.
advertisingas many as five union ministers were present to celebrate the awards  union minister for road transport and highways nitin gadkari said that while an audit of performance is important, a good officer can make miracles.
apart from gadkari, union minister of consumer affairs, food and public distribution ram vilas paswan; union minister of law, communications and it ravishankarprasad prasad; minister of state (independent charge) pmo dr jitendra singh and union minister for railways, commerce and industry piyush goyal were the special guests at the event.
the awards were handed across 16 categories ranging from agriculture to education and technology to women development.
the winners were chosen from 249 entries received from 84 districts in 24 states.
in pictures | honouring the finest district magistrates in indiaadvertisinggood governance and development are two important agendas for the government and regarding good governance, the role of the district collector is very important.
the award will motivate the district magistrates to do good work, who are backbone of our administration.
this will change new india, that is the dream of our prime minister.
the administrators need positive attitude, out-of-the-box thinking, a fast decision-making process and team work.
and if one officer is good based on his performance audit, he can make miracles social consciousness, team work and fast-tracking decision-making are very important, gadkari said.
paswan described the awards as a motivation for administrators to do better work.
a district magistrate goes to areas where the poorest live and solves their problems.
any social change can take place with a synergy of heart and mind.
the minister can only make policies and give suggestions but the its the dms who have to implement.
there is act, fact and tact.
how to tactfully implement polices is the job of dms, paswan said.
prasad said dms have become the focal point of good governance and delivery.
the political administrative structure of india, conventionally, four posts are very important  the prime minister, the chief minister, the dm and the inspector.
they epitomise the power structure.
but now the dm is his new avatar, has become the focal of good governance and delivery.
and the delivery, under the leadership of prime minister in the last five years, has taken place with the same set of rules and bureaucracy what is important is to create the right working conditions, he said.
jitendra singh said he is associated with the department of personnel and training (dopt) and express has done what we would be doing.
we do have arrangement of awards but certainly the assessment done by your means would be accepted with greater objectivity and greater credibility, he said.
speaking on the occasion, viveck goenka, chairman and managing director of the express group, said that this evening is the fruition of an idea born three years ago.
the question was: what is the responsibility of the express in doing justice to the sweeping change around us?
of course, one way is to keep raising the bar in the newsroom by doing more investigative stories and explanatory journalism.
but what is our responsibility beyond the newsroom?
can we find a way to record change, by listening to those who script it?
young indians who have brought realistic idealism to their professionalism and refuse to give way to cynicism and despair.
and the answer was the biennial indian express excellence in governance awards, he said.
by celebrating the work of dms, the first significant soldier of governance.
by celebrating the work of men and women, who could have used their intellect, to seek fulfillment in an ever increasing market of lucrative opportunity, but who opted instead to bring the gains of freedom, governance and development, to the most vulnerable of their fellow citizens.
because district is the basic unit of our administration.
it is where the ias, learns what each of these letter stands for, indian, administrative and service, goenka said.
the winners were selected by an eminent jury, headed by former chief justice of india r m lodha and comprising wajahat habibullah, former chairperson of the national commission for minorities and the first chief information commissioner of india, nirupama rao, indias foreign secretary from 2009 to 2011 who was also indias ambassador to the united states and china; and, k m chandrasekhar, former cabinet secretary.
kpmg, the knowledge partner for the awards, conducted a thorough check on the parameters of innovation, impact, implementation and people participation for all the entries.
the shortlist was then verified by reporters and editors of the indian express by field visits and an audit after which the jury chose the winners.
the categories include: agriculture, education, health, implementation of central schemes, technology, woman development, child development, inclusive innovation, agriculture, skill development, entrepreneurship and energy.
jury chairperson justice lodha said: it was a delight to the jury to recognise the great work done by dms. the jury assessed and evaluated the projects on the touchstone of five is: idea, innovation, impact, implementation and improvements.
we were benefited by inputs given by kpmgthese projects were subjected to rigorous ground checktoday we need dms who think out of the box and come out with robust solutions for complex problems.
it is high time government is decentralised and it is the collectors office that becomes the nerve centre of action.
anant goenka felicitated each of the special guests.
giving the vote of thanks, nxt gen infinite datacenter md and ceo a s raj gopal said: its a big honour to be associated with this idea.
public service improved the world around usthe real reward is not the award itself but the enrichment and fulfilling meaning that it gives to oneself.
the award was presented by nxtgen infinite datacenter.
the other sponsors include: icici bank, runwal, icfai, yashoda, volkswagen and madhya pradesh government.
associate partners are kesari tours, detox india, namami gange, nalco, indian oil, midc, joy e-bike, bharat petroleum and petronet lng limited.
advertisingearlier, welcoming the award-winners and the guests, raj kamal jha, chief editor, the indian express, said: we bring you these stories of success because at the indian express, if journalism is about shining light in dark places, it is also about looking for things that glow on their own  and show the wayfor us, sustaining the national conversation means going out in search of voices that may not get heard in the noise of our talking.
three union ministers are set to make separate visits to mumbai on friday, days ahead of the expected announcement next week of the model code of conduct for the assembly elections.
advertisingrailway minister piyush goyal will inaugurate various projects and citizen amenities.
he is expected to flag off a special rajdhani express train from chhatrapati shivaji maharaj terminus to delhis hazrat nizamuddin, to signal the increase of trips.
while the train runs twice a week at present, it will now run four days a week.
goyal will also inaugurate a host of passenger amenities, including three foot over bridges, 11 escalators, lifts, led indicators and free wifi services at various stations.
further, he will launch a new division bench of the railways claim tribunal at the cst, aimed at expediting the disposal of cases.
also in mumbai the same day will be union finance minister nirmala sitharaman and law minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
while the bjp-promoted adhiniyam foundation has organised the law ministers lecture on law reforms by narendra modi government for new india at mumbai university, sitharaman is expected to hold a review meeting of centres financial divisions in mumbai.
b'express photo by pradeep kumar.
express photo by pradeep kumar.
the congress on tuesday accused the bjp-led government of misleading the nation by stating that it was not a party to the march 20 judgment of the supreme court that laid down stringent guidelines for registering a case under the sc/st (prevention of atrocities) act.
the opposition party said the government was a willing party to the alleged dilution of the act.
senior congress leader anand sharma told mediapersons that law minister ravishankarprasad prasad has made a factually incorrect statement.
he should withdraw the statement and apologise for making a wrong statement.
it is a matter of concern that the law minister of india is.
ignorant of the developments that took place in the supreme court.
he said.
the law minister, he said, was wrong in saying that the government was not a party.
they were very much a party.
the government was represented.
the government did not argue the case.
the government opened the window for anticipatory bail.
the government endorsed by default, by not telling the court that it cannot dilute the law, it cannot re-interpret the law, it cannot change the law.
the government is a willing party to what has happened.
prime minister narendra modi and his government have mastered the art of doublespeak.
they have double standards on this issue, like on many issues, he said.
congress communication department head randeep surjewala said the supreme court had while issuing a notice to maharashtra government on november 20, 2017 issued a notice to union government too.
he said the november 20, 2017 order had said issue notice to attorney general of india also as the issue involves interpretation of a central statute.
but the modi government did not send the attorney general to the court.
the solicitor general was also not sent.
they, in turn, sent an additional solicitor general.
and he appeared on january 31, 2018 and sought time.
and finally instead of protecting the act, the centre told the court that anticipatory bail can be given if prime facie a case is not made out, surjewala said.
he said the centre had also filed an affidavit in the court and the supreme court in its judgment had taken note of that.
the supreme court judgement, he said, had spoken about a question in parliament on what punishment should be given against false cases and recorded a press statement dated march 19, 2015 issued by the central government to the effect that in case of false cases, relevant section of ipc can be invoked.
was the government arguing for scrapping the sc/st (prevention of atrocities act) or protecting itthe truth is that the mindset of the bjp and the rss is anti-dalit, he said.
b'sri lanka, bangladesh, morocco, mauritius have approached india for sharing of knowledge and knowhow of the digital infrastructures like digital identity and digital locker system, he said.
(bjp twitter) sri lanka, bangladesh, morocco, mauritius have approached india for sharing of knowledge and knowhow of the digital infrastructures like digital identity and digital locker system, he said.
(bjp twitter)nations like sri lanka and bangladesh have approached india for sharing of knowledge and expertise on digital infrastructure including digital identity and digital locker system, parliament was informed on wednesday.
the government has been offering technology and training expertise to various developing and least developed countries under bilateral and multilateral capacity building programmes, electronics and it minister ravishankarprasad prasad said in a written reply in lok sabha.
sri lanka, bangladesh, morocco, mauritius have approached india for sharing of knowledge and knowhow of the digital infrastructures like digital identity and digital locker system, the minister added.
the government, over the last three years, has set up centres of excellence for software training, demonstrating indias prowess in it and it-enabled services in tanzania, papua new guinea, egypt, morocco, peru, ecuador and costa rica, among others.
telemedicine networks in armenia, kyrgyzstan, digital library infrastructure in bhutan, and e-office suite for sri lanka have been deployed, he noted.
the government has also provided high performance computing facilities to a number of countries for education and training, prasad said.
he added that it professionals from 161 countries have also been trained in advanced information and communication technologies under the programmes of indian technical and economic cooperation and india africa forum summit.
b'ravi shankar prasad also cited incidents of modi acknowledging services of muslims from different walks of life.
(source: express archive photo/anil sharma) ravishankarprasad prasad also cited incidents of modi acknowledging services of muslims from different walks of life.
(source: express archive photo/anil sharma)facing strong criticism from the opposition over his remark that the government has given sanctity to muslims even though they do not vote for the bjp, union minister ravishankarprasad prasad defended his statement and said the bjp believed in all-round development of the country and not in votebank politics.
the minister said the government firmly believed in sabka saath, sabka vikas.
be it hindus, be it muslims, be it sikhs, be it the people from any part of india, we are committed for the development of all.
we are committed to make india a country of inclusion, of development, of all-round development, he said.
the law minister defended his remarks, saying the modi government believes in an inclusive society and respects the vibrant cultural diversity of india.
my stand is very clear.
the narendra modi government believes in inclusive society.
it respects the vibrant cultural diversity of india.
we dont measure the development of indian citizens on the yardsticks of vote bank, he said in a series of tweets.
he also cited incidents of modi acknowledging services of muslims from different walks of life.
prasad said he was proud of imran khan of alwar whose information technology work was talked about by modi in his speech in london.
i salute karimul haq, tea garden worker whose selfless ambulance service to people impressed narendra modi to honour him with padma shri, he said in a tweet.
meanwhile, the congress, left and other parties said the constitution bestows on all indians some fundamental rights, including muslims, and that this was not charity extended by a minister.
congress leader m veerappa moily accused the minister of trying to divide the society.
he is trying to create a divide trying to divide the population of this country.
he is trying to empower himself to give that kind of certificate on who is sanctified and who is not.
i think he has to apologise for the statement as it sends out a very wrong message, he said.
moily, also a former union law minister, said he does not know why the minister of a country who happens to be a spokesperson for the constitutional integrity, constitutional propriety of this country should speak in that language.
cpm general secretary sitaram yechury said sanctity is provided by the constitution and not because of the charity of a minister.
what do you mean we gave them sanctity?
is it a charity the minister of law and justice is doing?
yechury asked.
chief justice of india dipak misra with (from left) justices r k agrawal, ranjan gogoi, kurian joseph at the newly constructed creche at the supreme court wednesday.
(express photo) chief justice of india dipak misra with (from left) justices r k agrawal, ranjan gogoi, kurian joseph at the newly constructed creche at the supreme court wednesday.
(express photo)the much-awaited meeting of the five-member supreme court collegium, the first since the unprecedented january 12 press conference by four of its most senior judges and which was scheduled in the shadow of the impeachment move against chief justice of india dipak misra, ended briefly wednesday evening.
it did not take a decision in the matter of uttarakhand chief justice k m joseph whose name it had initially recommended on january 10 for elevation to the supreme court, only to be returned by the government.
the resolution adopted by the collegium and uploaded on the official website of the apex court ends abruptly with the remark deferred.
the collegium was expected to reiterate its recommendation on justice k m joseph after the government had sent back his file for reconsideration to the apex body, which is in charge of appointments to the higher judiciary, citing fair regional representation and seniority.
read | not avenging justice k m josephs uttarakhand order: ravishankarprasad prasadone of the judges of the collegium, justice kurian joseph, had told the indian express earlier this week that the collegium might have to reiterate its recommendation furnishing facts and figures, and citing precedent, which have not been put in perspective by the government when it returned his name.
the resolution adopted wednesday evening said: the collegium met to consider the following agenda: to reconsider the case of mr. justice k m joseph, chief justice, uttarakhand high court (parent high court: kerala), pursuant to letters dated 26th & 30th april, 2018 received from ministry of law & justice, government of india and also to consider the names of judges from calcutta, rajasthan, and telangana & andhra pradesh high courts for elevation as judges of the supreme court, in view of the concept of fair representation.
also read: the judiciary is being undermined on multiple frontsit bears the name of all the five seniormost judges chief justice of india dipak misra and justices j chelameswar, ranjan gogoi, madan b lokur and kurian joseph indicating that all the five attended the meeting.
incidentally, justice chelameswar was on leave for the day and did not attend court but came for the meeting.
uttarakhand chief justice k m joseph.
(photo by neeraj priyadarshi) uttarakhand chief justice k m joseph.
(photo by neeraj priyadarshi)the second half of the resolution, significantly, comes after the government, while returning the justice joseph file, had underlined that many high courts were going unrepresented in the apex court.
read | cji dipak misra should show statesmanship, says former cji rm lodhasources told the indian express that there was no discussion in the meeting which began at the scheduled time at 4.
15 pm.
soon, the supreme court website had uploaded the notice announcing that the collegium meeting had been deferred.
sources said another collegium meeting is expected to be held early next week.
the resolution also makes it clear that the government had sent two letters to the chief justice of india regarding the issue, one on april 26 in which it had flagged the regional representation and seniority issues and the other on april 30.
sources told the indian express that the april 30 letter elaborated upon the april 26 letter and invoked the march 2017 memorandum of procedure (mop) finalised by the collegium approved by then cji justice j s khehar, justices misra, chelameswar, gogoi and lokur where regional representation and seniority subject to merit were underlined as factors for elevation.
in the latest letter, the government is said to have referred to paragraph 5 of the draft mop communicated to government in march last year to highlight that the collegium had stressed the importance of regional representation and seniority subject to merit while considering elevation of judges to the apex court, the sources said.
the government had sent the second communication to stress that while there may have been departures from the rule of regional representation and seniority in the past, that should however not be a precedent for future actions and that collegium should also respect the spirit behind these considerations in judicial appointments.
though justice js khehar retired, the four others  justices dipak misra, justice j chelameswar, ranjan gogoi and madan lokur  continue to be members of the current collegium.
the collegium had recommended the names of senior advocate indu malhotra and justice k m joseph for elevation to the apex court.
the government approved malhotra and notified her appointment following which she was sworn in as a judge of the supreme court on april 27.
the union law ministry sent back justice josephs file to the collegium saying that kerala high court  which was his parent high court already had adequate representation in the apex judiciary while many other high court did not have any representation.
there were not enough scheduled caste and scheduled tribe members too in the supreme court, the government had said.
the governments letter to the cji also said that in the all india high court judges seniority list, justice joseph is placed at serial number 42.
there are presently 11 chief justices of various high courts who are senior to him in all india high court judges seniority list, it said.
b'a k antony a k antonythe agusta westland vvip chopper scam took political centre stage on tuesday, with the bjp and the congress hurling charges at each other.
using the conviction of finmeccanicas former chief by an italian court in connection with the contract, the bjp asked then defence minister a k antony to name congress leaders allegedly involved in the scandal.
the congress hit back, arguing that the upa government had taken action once reports of wrongdoings and allegations of corrupt practices surfaced in 2013.
besides cancelling the deal, the upa had blacklisted agusta westland and confiscated the guarantee money.
but the nda government, the congress said, has now removed agusta westland from the blacklist and prime minister narendra modi has even invited finmeccanica and agusta westland to participate in the make in india scheme.
asking why the cbi and ed investigation was not taken to its logical conclusion, congress leader anand sharma said the judgment of the italian court does not refer to any complicity.
the verdict, he emphasised, has to be read in full.
watch video | agusta westland: why is it a big deal politically now?
sources in the bjp said the party plans to use the agusta westland and ishrat jahan issues to corner a combative congress party in parliament.
union minister ravishankarprasad prasad said then defence minister antony had, in march 2013, said that corruption had taken place in the chopper deal, and that bribe had been taken.
bribe givers have been convicted (but) why are bribe takers silent?
antony should answer if congress leaders are involvedplease come clean, prasad said, adding that the chopper deal is not an isolated case of graft and that corruption (was) the byword of upa-i and upa-ii.
hitting back, sharma, congresss deputy leader in rajya sabha, accused the bjp of leading a vicious campaign to mislead people.
he said the upa government had approached judicial authorities in italy in july 2013.
the defence ministry had then also sought information about christain micheal, said to be the main middleman in the scandal, from the united kingdom.
in january 2014, the government cancelled the contract, confiscated the guarantee money, blacklisted agusta westland and directed cbi and ed to launch an investigation.
but the modi government, he claimed, was benevolent towards agusta westland.
this government allowed agusta westland to bid for projects in indian navy.
this was objected in writing by the ed and cbi.
b'union minister for communications and it, ravishankarprasad prasad union minister for communications and it, ravishankarprasad prasadthe internet has grown explosively, much faster than older media, because a government  washington, in this case  had the sense to let go of it.
now, another government  in new delhi  wants to tighten its grip and award itself custody over the security of internet infrastructure.
while the icann board met earlier this month in marrakesh to relinquish washingtons control over the internet in favour of a global, multi-stakeholder model, the union minister for communications and it, ravishankarprasad prasad, who attended the meet, has sought a bigger role for governments, holding up the mesmerisingly nebulous juju of security threats such as the rise of the islamic state.
in these disturbed times, the security threat has upstaged the old faithful, technical reasons, to explain away things that governments would rather not explain.
usually because they cannot.
prasad says that his proposal struck a chord with representatives of foreign powers.
indeed, in a largely unreformed world, it is scarcely difficult to find governments who mistrust their subjects  even liberal democracies do that.
perhaps this is only an appeal to indias famous weakness for endorsement from distant shores?
the indian government can always limit or suspend communications networks according to threat perceptions.
what extra benefit would flow to it from a deeper sense of control over those networks?
hopefully, it is not the ability to snoop at will, without the galling necessity to move the courts on a case-by-case basis?
without regard for political affiliation, governments and administrations  especially those that take a special interest in security  have an innate yearning for pervasive and permanent surveillance.
it is in the nature of governments to seek the right to snoop.
it should be equally natural for their subjects to routinely resist it.
b'the bjp should introspect why are allies upset or are quitting the alliance.
even the results of the bypolls are indicative of this, said ljp mp mehboob ali kaiser (in picture: ljp chief ram vilas paswan) the bjp should introspect why are allies upset or are quitting the alliance.
even the results of the bypolls are indicative of this, said ljp mp mehboob ali kaiser (in picture: ljp chief ram vilas paswan)after lok sabha mps, three ministers in the narendra modi government thursday stressed the need for a review petition following the supreme courts decision to dilute stringent provisions under the scheduled castes and the scheduled tribes (prevention of atrocities) act.
while minister for social justice and empowerment thaawarchand gehlot took a more cautious stand that such a petition would require the law ministrys inputs, two nda allies minister of state for social justice ramdas athawale, who heads republican party of india (a), and union cabinet minister and chief of lok jan shakti party (ljp) ram vilas paswan said the centre should file a review petition.
gehlot told the indian express that he discussed the supreme court order thursday with law minister ravishankarprasad prasad, finance minister arun jaitley and bjp national chief amit shah.
they said that they will study the matter and we will take further action on their directions.
for now, it looks like there might be a need for a review petition, but the final decision will be based on what our law minister advises, he said.
read | sc/st act: bjps dalit mps want government to file review petition against sc orderhis junior minister athawale said he was unhappy with the supreme court order and termed it one-sided and unjust to dalits and adivasis.
athawale too said he met with shah and jaitley and that the former assured him that he has directed law minister prasad to study the court order and take a decision on filing a review petition.
the congress has alleged that the government lawyers did not argue the case properly in the court.
but the government is ready for a review petition.
this government is not anti-dalit but is concerned about the issue of dalit atrocities.
it was modi government that moved amendments to the atrocities act in 2015 and made it stronger, he said.
while the supreme court order was criticised by dalit rights groups and even dalit mps from bjp as weakening the legislation, the congress hit out at the government for the inept handling of the case by the additional solicitor general.
read | sc/st atrocities act: in nda, two different views on supreme court orderciting misuse of the atrocities act, the two-judge supreme court bench of justices uu lalit and ak goel tuesday laid down stringent safeguards, including provisions for anticipatory bail and a preliminary inquiry before registering a case under the act.
athawale said that he disagreed with the apex courts view that there were many false cases.
when a dalit girl is raped, a dalit boy is murdered for falling his love with a girl of another caste, a dalits house is burnt, he is assaulted, the atrocities act should apply automatically.
every year, the police register 47,000 cases under the act.
of these, the rare possibility of false cases occurs if two people have a disagreement and the atrocities act is slapped on the non-sc person on the grounds that he verbally abused the sc person by his caste name, he said.
according to him, the atrocities act was enacted in 1989 after data showed dalit atrocities had increased despite the protection of civil rights act, 1955.
the law was brought in following a detailed discussion in parliament where all mps agreed on the need for a stronger legislation that makes the offence non-bailable.
how can the court allow anticipatory bail in such a case?
also, the act does not say anything about taking prior sanction of a higher authority before arresting the accused.
no higher officer is greater than the law.
the law is the final word, he said,he also said that in the name of misuse, the sc order diluted a very important legislation for dalit rights.
the law was not brought in to do further injustice to dalits but to act against those who subject them to any injustice, he said.
paswan said his party would examine the legal options  because the ljp is not a party in the case  and then file a review petition next week on its own.
he said that he had spoken to gehlot and now ljp leaders would also meet bjp president amit shah on the issue soon.
there is an atmosphere of despair among scs and sts due to the order, paswan said.
pointing out that act was made more stringent by the narendra modi government, he said that the congress was taking undue advantage of the matter and using it for political gains and hence it was necessary for the bjp to send out a message by filing a review petition.
ljp parliamentary board chairperson chirag paswan said that dilution of the atrocities act could lead to an increase in atrocities against scs and sts, in which crime is committed against them only because they are from a particular caste.
he said that the act was a legal arm for scs and sts to protect themselves from exploitation.
retired ias officer, p s krishnan, who was secretary to the government of india when the mandal notification was issued, wrote to gehlot that the government would need to move the prevention of atrocities act (1989) and its amendment brought in 2015 to the ninth schedule for protection from judicial review.
he also said, in the petition/appeal, the government must present a holistic picture such as the socio-historical background of the act, the extreme vulnerability of the scs and sts and the importance of not diluting any of the provisions of the act.
an important voice in the dalit/tribal rights discourse, krishnan said: any delay in taking action by the government will result in adverse conclusion being drawn by the scs and sts, linking with the piling up of huge post-matric scholarship arrears and the ill-conceived order of the ugc dated march 5, 2018 with the approval of the ministry of hrd, which the government is now seeking to reverse and apparently intends to file a review petition in the supreme court.
communications & it minister ravishankarprasad prasad with minister of state for railways and (independent charge) for communications manoj sinha, mos ramkripal yadav during launch of gangajal distribution at general post master office in patna on sunday.
(source: pti photo) communications & it minister ravishankarprasad prasad with minister of state for railways and (independent charge) for communications manoj sinha, mos ramkripal yadav during launch of gangajal distribution at general post master office in patna on sunday.
(source: pti photo)the governments initiative to deliver gangajal from indian postal services spread across the country was on sunday launched in patna.
under this scheme the pious gangajal, brought from gangotri and rishikesh, would be delivered at the doorsteps of people at nominal prices.
minister of state for communications manoj sinha and union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad launched the initiative at a function in the capital city of bihar.
watch video: whats making newsprasad said the scheme has been launched within a short span of its conceptualization.
he said the plan was mooted on may 30, 2016.
sinha on his part said the credibility of postal department is associated with the delivery scheme of gangajal and it would fulfill the expectations of the people.
as per reports, the plan to provide the holy water has already been implemented by some of the e-commerce websites and for a litre bottle sourced from gomukh, the e-commerce company charges rs 299.
b'congress leader abhishek singhvi has recused himself from the jpc into the 2g spectrum scam taking the plea that he had appeared for cellular operators in the court as a senior advocate.
i had appeared as a senior advocate in the court for cellular operators and had attacked the telecom policies from 2002 to 2004 when pramod mahajan,arun shourie and ram vilas paswan were telecom ministers (in the nda government).
hence i requested the rajya sabha chairman for recusal and the request has been accepted, singhvi,who is also party spokesperson said today.
his name figures among the list of 10 members from rajya sabha,who are to be included in the 30-member jpc in which 20 members will be from lok sabha.
finance minister pranab mukherjee will be moving a motion for the appointment of a jpc in the upper house today.
other members whose name are proposed are pj kurien and praveen rashtrapal from congress,sitram yechury from cpi-m,tiruchi shiva from dmk,s s ahluwalia and ravishankarprasad prasad from bjp,y p trivedi from ncp,satish chandra mishra from bsp and ramchandra prasad singh from janta dal united.
modi also said video conferencing should be used for deposition made in courts by those facing trial, the witnesses and officials to prevent wastage of time and money.
(representational image) modi also said video conferencing should be used for deposition made in courts by those facing trial, the witnesses and officials to prevent wastage of time and money.
(representational image)prime minister narendra modi on sunday assured chief justice j s khehar that his government will make all efforts to back his resolve to reduce burden on the judiciary and pendency of cases.
i assure the chief justice that government will back his sankalp (resolve) to bring down the burden on the judiciary and reduce pendency of cases, he said in his address at the sesquicentennial celebrations marking 150 years of the allahabad high court.
noting that he felt that there was an element of pain in the speech of justice khehar, modi said the government had done away with 1,200 old laws to find a way out of the maze of the statutes and also help the judiciary in modernising the system.
he asked the people working on startups to bring about innovations to strengthen the judicial system.
the prime minister lauded the steps being taken by the chief justice to make use of technology in simplifying the working of the courts and bring about qualitative change.
modi also said video conferencing should be used for deposition made in courts by those facing trial, the witnesses and officials to prevent wastage of time and money.
he appealed to the judiciary, the government and the people to make 2022, the 75th year of independence, a target year to take the country to greater heights.
earlier addressing the gathering, justice khehar raised the issue of pendency of cases in courts including in the supreme court, and the shortage of judges, and said he was taking steps to reduce the burden on the judiciary.
he asked the judges to consider sitting in courts for five days during vacation to clear at least 10 cases each day and bring down the pendency.
this way thousands of small matters like matrimonial disputes and mediation cases can be settled and arrears of cases brought down he said and referred to a system of court management under which pendency of cases in malaysia had been brought down to one-fifth.
he said he proposes to have three constitution benches during this summer vacation to help reduce the arrears in the apex court.
on the issue of simplification of procedure, justice khehar said he is making efforts to make the system paperless in the supreme court in a month or so.
the gathering was attended by up and west bengal governors ram naik and k n tripathi, union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad, up chief minister yogi adityanath, allahabad high court cji dilip b bhosale and members from the legal fraternity.
the bjp wednesday announced its parliamentary party executive committee with prime minister narendra modi as its leader in lok sabha and defence minister rajnath singh as the deputy leader.
advertisingin rajya sabha, union minister thaawar chand gehlot has been appointed as leader of the house and his cabinet colleague piyush goyal as the deputy leader.
gehlot replaced senior bjp leader and former union minister arun jaitley as leader of the house in rajya sabha.
jaitley had requested the leadership to relieve him from key positions in view of his health.
union minister smriti iranis induction in the bjps parliamentary party executive committee shows elevation in her stature within the party after she defeated congress president rahul gandhi from the amethi parliamentary constituency.
advertisingthe party has appointed sanjay jaiswal as its chief whip.
it also the first time appointed three women mps as its whips, specifically for women parliamentarians.
besides these three women whips, 15 other whips for lok sabha have also been appointed for parliamentarians from different states, where its strength has increased to 303.
other special invitees from lok sabha to the bjps parliamentary party executive are nitin gadkari, ravishankarprasad prasad, arjun munda, narendra singh tomar and jual oram.
in rajya sabha, special invitees are j p nadda, om prakash mathur, nirmala sitharaman, dharmedndra pradhan and prakash javadekar.
bjp general secretary kailash vijayvargiya has been reappointed as in-charge of the partys parliamentary office and balasubrahmanyam kumarsu as secretary.
the newly constituted bjp parliamentary party executive committee marks generational shift in the party as perhaps for the first time l k advani and murli manohar joshi are not part of it, as both are not mps.
besides them, jaitley and sushma swaraj are also not its members.
the first meeting of the executive will be held on june 16 at 3:30 pm, a day before the commencement of the session.
the government has also called an all-party meeting on the same day in the morning which will be chaired by the prime minister.
pressure has been mounting on cji dipak misra to stand up to the government to preserve the independence of the judiciary, particularly in the case of justice joseph.
pressure has been mounting on cji dipak misra to stand up to the government to preserve the independence of the judiciary, particularly in the case of justice joseph.
the five-member collegium is likely to meet next wednesday to consider the governments decision to return the name of justice k m joseph, chief justice of uttarakhand high court, for elevation to the supreme court.
sources told the indian express that chief justice of india dipak misra decided next wednesday as the day for the meeting of the collegium and indicated it to other members friday.
the supreme court will reopen tuesday after the weekend and buddha purnima monday.
no formal agenda for the collegium meeting has been circulated so far but it is widely expected to be about the reconsideration of justice josephs name for elevation to the supreme court.
pressure has been mounting on cji misra to stand up to the government to preserve the independence of the judiciary, particularly in the case of justice joseph.
read | lawyer-mps should be loyal to constitution, says fali narimanstating that the governments action strikes at the very heart of the independence of the judiciary, former cji rm lodha had told the indian express thursday that the chief justice of india, in such a situation, should immediately call a meeting of the collegium and take up the matter with the government.
if the reiteration must be done, it must happen immediately.
he had also stressed that the chief justice cannot sit over the file either, indefinitely, as cant the government.
earlier on friday, cji misra sent a copy of union law minister ravishankarprasad prasads letter returning justice josephs name to all members of the collegium.
the letter, which was received by the cji thursday morning, was sent to the four senior judges after the swearing-in ceremony of justice indu malhotra.
in his letter, prasad underlined that this proposal for reconsideration of the case of shri justice k m joseph has the approval of the honble president and the honble prime minister and listed reasons why his appointment at this stage does not appear to be appropriate  justice joseph is at serial number 42 in the all india high court judges seniority list; his parent high court of kerala has adequate representation in the supreme court; several high courts are not represented in the supreme court at present; and, there is no representation of scheduled caste/scheduled tribe communities in the supreme court since long.
besides cji misra, justices jasti chelameswar, ranjan gogoi, madan lokur and kurian joseph are members of the collegium which recommends names for elevation of judges to the apex court.
it last met on january 10 when it recommended the names of justice k m joseph and advocate indu malhotra for elevation.
the collegium had then said that justice k m joseph is more deserving and suitable in all respects than other chief justices and senior puisne judges of high courts for being appointed as judges of the supreme court of india.
with such a strong unanimous recommendation in january by the same collegium and no change of facts since then, the collegium is expected to reiterate justice josephs name wednesday.
a reiteration by the collegium would make it incumbent upon the government to issue a warrant for appointment of justice joseph to the supreme court.
b'bihar cm nitish kumar, his deputy sushil modi and ljp chief ram vilas paswan in patna on thursday.
pti bihar cm nitish kumar, his deputy sushil modi and ljp chief ram vilas paswan in patna on thursday.
ptileaders and workers of all nda allies in bihar on thursday attended a dinner meeting in what is was seen as a show of solidarity.
however, rashtriya lok samata party (rlsp) national president and union minister upendra kushwaha did not attend the meeting.
rlsp national secretary and spokesperson abhayanand suman said that kushwaha was scheduled to attend the meeting, but his visit was cancelled due to some last minute issues.
suman asserted that the alliance was strong and there were no misgivings.
he (kushwaha) had asked other party members to attend the meeting.
all central leaders, our state president, mps and mlas, along with approximately 200 workers and local leaders, were present at the dinner.
the alliance is solid and unbreakable, suman said.
questioned about reports that kushwaha did not intend to attend the meeting, as it was not a national level meeting, suman said, he was set to come, but could not due to some exigency.
but, he made sure all central party leaders attend.
there was no doubt in anyones mind.
apart from the state bjp leadership and ministers, including deputy chief minister sushil kumar modi, bihar bjp in-charge bhupendra yadav, and union minister ravishankarprasad prasad, several others were in attendance.
lok janshakti party chief and union minister ram vilas paswan, his son chirag paswan, bihar chief minister nitish kumar and several senior jdu leaders were also present.
the dinner meet hosted by the bjp comes in the wake of claims being made by nda allies over who would take the lead for the alliance in bihar.
leaders from all the constituent parties told reporters that the results would be positive.
amid opposition over concerns regarding privacy, the lok sabha on thursday passed a bill that will allow the voluntary use of aadhaar as proof of identity for opening bank accounts and procuring mobile phone numbers.
advertisingthe aadhaar and other laws (amendment) bill, 2019, was passed by a voice vote following assurances from information technology minister ravishankarprasad prasad that there were ample safeguards against the misuse of data by government or private entities, and that aadhaar would remain voluntary.
once passed by the rajya sabha, the bill will replace an ordinance issued in march.
the proposed amendment is strictly in compliance with the supreme courts order.
it is completely voluntary.
the voluntary nature of compliance is based upon the consent of the owner of aadhaar.
the private entities are exempted from taking any biometrics, aadhaar number, etc and if they do, they can go to jail and a penalty of rs 1 crore can also be imposed subsequently.
therefore, all these safeguards, whereby they are prohibited from violating the regime, have been in place, prasad said.
advertisingon the issue of privacy, which was raised by several opposition members, prasad said, the amendments address the privacy and security concerns.
it provides that no service or benefit of any scheme will be denied for lack of aadhaar.
some members had raised the issue of the right to be forgotten.
in reply, prasad said, the right to be forgotten is a concept which flows from the data protection laws but we need to also acknowledge that the right to be forgotten is a concept which is still evolving.
the norms are still to be concretised globally.
he later assured the house that a data protection law would be brought in and that it was a work in progress.
to assuage the fears of data misuse, prasad displayed his own card in the house and said it only discloses his name, his fathers name, his date of birth, his residential address, and does not give out any information about medical records or details of his caste, religion and community.
the minister said aadhaar data can only be shared when there is a threat to national security or if there is a court order.
even if i, as an information technology minister, seek aadhaar data, i will be subject to three years of punishment, prasad said.
opposing the bill, adhir ranjan chowdhury, leader of the congress in the house, said the supreme court had criticised the government for violating privacy in aadhaar.
he said, aapne aadhaar udhaar liya hai (you have loaned the concept of aadhaar, referring to the upa).
in response, prasad, also the law minister, said the nda government gave legal status to aadhaar.
other opposition members who opposed the bill included asaduddin owaisi (aimim), ram mohan naidu kinjarapu (tdp) and n k premachandran (rsp), who alleged the government was seeking to benefit private entities through the legislation.
premachandran also demanded that the bill be sent to the standing committee or the select committees of parliament.
veteran lawyer and former union law minister ram jethmalani passed away sunday morning at his residence in new delhi at the age of 95.
advertisinghe breathed his last at 7.
45 am at his official residence in new delhi, pti quoted his son mahesh jethmalani as saying.
mahesh and other close acquaintances said he was not keeping well for a few months and he died six days before his 96th birthday on september 14.
mahesh also said his fathers last rites will be performed in the evening at the lodhi road crematorium.
also read | who was ram jethmalani?
jethmalani served as law minister and as minister of urban development in former prime minister atal bihari vajpayees cabinet.
he was also the chairman of the bar council of india.
prime minister narendra modi and several political leaders including home minister amit shah, union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad, bjp leader subramanian swamy, delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal took to twitter to express their sadness over jethmalanis demise.
read this article in tamil, bangla malayalamadvertisingin a series of tweets, pm modi said, in the passing away of shri ram jethmalani ji, india has lost an exceptional lawyer and iconic public figure who made rich contributions both in the court and parliament.
he was witty, courageous and never shied away from boldly expressing himself on any subject.
one of the best aspects of shri ram jethmalani ji was the ability to speak his mind.
and, he did so without any fear.
during the dark days of the emergency, his fortitude and fight for public liberties will be remembered.
helping the needy was an integral part of his persona.
ram jethmalani dead: rare photos from express archivesi consider myself fortunate to have got numerous opportunities to interact with shri ram jethmalani ji.
in these sad moments, my condolences to his family, friends and many admirers.
he may not be here but his pioneering work will live on!
om shanti, modi tweeted.
in the passing away of shri ram jethmalani ji, india has lost an exceptional lawyer and iconic public figure who made rich contributions both in the court and parliament.
he was witty, courageous and never shied away from boldly expressing himself on any subject.
pic.
twitter.com/8fitp9rytk  narendra modi (@narendramodi) september 8, 2019i consider myself fortunate to have got numerous opportunities to interact with shri ram jethmalani ji.
in these sad moments, my condolences to his family, friends and many admirers.
he may not be here but his pioneering work will live on!
om shanti.
narendra modi (@narendramodi) september 8, 2019deeply pained to know about the passing away of indias veteran lawyer and former union minister shri ram jethmalani ji.
in him, we have not only lost a distinguished lawyer but also a great human who was full of life, the home minister said.
deeply pained to know about the passing away of indias veteran lawyer and former union minister shri ram jethmalani ji.
in him we have not only lost a distinguished lawyer but also a great human who was full of life.
amit shah (@amitshah) september 8, 2019prasad tweeted: deeply condole the passing away of the veteran lawyer and former law minister ram jethmalani.
his brilliance, eloquence, powerful advocacy and sound understanding of law will remain a worthy example in legal profession.
my profound condolences.
deeply condole the passing away of the veteran lawyer and former law minister ram jethmalani.
his brilliance, eloquence, powerful advocacy and sound understanding of law will remain a worthy example in legal profession.
my profound condolences.
ravi shankar prasad (@rsprasad) september 8, 2019extremely saddened at the passing away of legendary lawyer ram jethmalani ji.
an institution in himself, he shaped criminal law in post-independence india.
his void would never be filled and his name will be written in golden words in legal history.
rip ram sir, kejriwal tweeted.
extremely saddened at the passing away of legendary lawyer ram jethmalani ji.
an institution in himself, he shaped criminal law in post-independence india.
his void would never be filled and his name will be written in golden words in legal history.
rip ram sir  arvind kejriwal (@arvindkejriwal) september 8, 2019my friend turned foe turned very good friend ram jethmalani passed away today at 95 years age.
farewell friend, tweeted swamy.
my friend turned foe turned very good friend ram jethmalani passed away today at 95 years age.
farewell friend  subramanian swamy (@swamy39) september 8, 2019born on september 14, 1923, in shikarpur, sindh in the sindh division of the then bombay presidency, now part of pakistan, jethmalani completed his ll.
b from bombay university at the age of 17 and started practising law in his hometown until the partition of india.
after partition, he moved to bombay as a refugee and began his practice.
jethmalani rose to become one of the most successful civil and criminal advocates in the country by taking up several politically sensitive cases.
he had represented those accused of killing former prime minister rajiv gandhi, harshad mehta in the stock market scam, l k advani in the hawala scandal, amit shah in the sohrabuddin fake encounter case, manu sharma in the jessica lal murder case, among others.
the eminent lawyer got married to durga when he was over 18 years of age.
in 1947, just before partition, he also married ratna shahani, a lawyer by profession.
he has four children  rani, shobha, mahesh from his first marriage and janak from his second.
b'protests by dalit outfits against the alleged dilution of the sc/st (prevention of atrocities) act turned violent in various parts of the country including in uttar pradesh and madhya pradesh (express photo by javed raja) protests by dalit outfits against the alleged dilution of the sc/st (prevention of atrocities) act turned violent in various parts of the country including in uttar pradesh and madhya pradesh (express photo by javed raja)at least seven persons were killed and over 100 injured as protests by dalit outfits against the alleged dilution of the sc/st (prevention of atrocities) act descended into chaos in various parts of the country including in uttar pradesh and madhya pradesh, even as the centre moved the supreme court seeking review of its recent judgment in the matter.
in view of the prevailing situation, the centre has called upon the state governments to take preventive steps and ensure the safety of lives of people and property.
the ministry of home affairs (mha) said it was closely monitoring the situation and was in constant touch with the affected states after violent protests erupted during the nationwide bandh.
the ministry has asked the states to take all preventive measures and maintain public order and ensure the safety of lives of people and property, the mha spokesperson said.
the ministry has made available central forces  rapid action force and crpf  to the states that sought help.
the spokesperson added that uttar pradesh, madhya pradesh and punjab have so far requested for central forces.
over 1,700 anti-riot policemen were despatched to uttar pradesh, madhya pradesh, rajasthan and punjab by the central government, said another home ministry official.
track live updatesprotests during the nationwide bandh in ludhiana.
(express photos by gurmeet singh) protests during the nationwide bandh in ludhiana.
(express photos by gurmeet singh)in madhya pradesh, four persons were killed and five others sustained gunshot wounds as clashes erupted in morena, gwalior, and bhind districts forcing the authorities to clamp curfew in parts of these three districts and impose prohibitory orders in sagar, datia and balaghat districts.
in uttar pradesh, a person was killed and nearly 75 persons including 40 policemen were injured in violent protests during the bharat bandh called by dalit groups.
around 448 people were detained on various charges including arson and damage to public property, police said.
in rajasthan, one person was killed and 26 others, including nine policemen, were injured in khairthal in rajasthans alwar district during the protests.
normal life was disrupted in many states as dalit protesters blocked trains, clashed with police and set ablaze vehicles in violent protests, officials said.
transport and communications services were severely hit in many states with over 100 trains getting affected.
many trains, including premier rajdhani and shatabdi expresses, were stopped by protestors while some were short-terminated as precautionary measures.
protests on railway tracks during the nationwide bandh in ludhiana.
(express photos by gurmeet singh) protests on railway tracks during the nationwide bandh in ludhiana.
(express photos by gurmeet singh)while some states ordered closure of educational institutions, and curtailed internet and mobile services, incidents of arson, firing and vandalism were reported from madhya pradesh, rajasthan, uttar pradesh, bihar and punjab, among other states.
the cbse postponed class 12 and class 10 examinations scheduled to be held today in punjab at the request of the state government in view of the bharat bandh.
in delhi, protesters squatted on tracks at several places, stopping trains, including the dehradun express and the ranchi rajdhani, while a northern railway official said services were also disrupted by a mob in ghaziabad.
the protesters gathered at mandi house in delhi and blocked roads.
shouting slogans of jai bhim, the protesters also blocked one of the carriageways of barakhamba road affecting traffic movement on the stretch, police said.
why are the dalits protesting ?
on march 20, the supreme court had diluted certain provisions of the sc/st (prevention of atrocities) act in a bid to protect honest public servants discharging bona fide duties from being blackmailed with false cases under the act.
however, the verdict elicited strong reactions from the dalits and the opposition who claim that the dilution of the act will lead to more discrimination and crimes against the backward community.
in its march 20 judgment, a bench of justices a k goel and u u lalit had expressed concern that working of the sc/st atrocities act should not result in perpetuating casteism and went on to lay down certain procedures to keep a check on false implications of innocent citizens on caste lines.
the centre has moved a review petition in the supreme court on monday.
(express photo by javed raja) the centre has moved a review petition in the supreme court on monday.
(express photo by javed raja)flagging rampant misuse of the act, the two-judge bench said it was being used as an instrument to blackmail or to wreak personal vengeance, and allowed anticipatory bail for the accused in certain cases.
the court also mandated prior sanction by a superior officer before the arrest of an accused, and brought in a provision for a preliminary inquiry  all of which have been criticised as potentially diluting the scope for justice for the victims of atrocities.
read | rising pendency, falling convictions: what data on sc/st act trials showcentre seeks review of sc/st verdict, sc declines urgent hearing on similar pleaearlier in the day, the centre moved the supreme court seeking review of its recent verdict by which safeguards were put on the provisions of immediate arrest under the act.
however, the apex court declined urgent hearing on a writ petition filed by all india federation of sc/st organisations claiming that the entire nation has witnessed large-scale violence during todays bharat bandh.
the court said the plea would be listed and heard in due course.
in its review petition, the union government said the march 20 verdict has wide ramification and implication resulting in dilution of the stringent provisions of law enacted under the 1989 enactment.
it adversely affects a substantial portion of the population of india being the members of sc/st.
it is also contrary to the legislative policy of parliament as reflected in the prevention of atrocities act 1989.
normal life was disrupted in many states as dalit protesters blocked trains, clashed with police and set ablaze vehicles in violent protests, officials said (express photo: javed raja) normal life was disrupted in many states as dalit protesters blocked trains, clashed with police and set ablaze vehicles in violent protests, officials said (express photo: javed raja)justifying the petition, the centre said that despite various measures to improve the socio-economic conditions of the scs and sts, they still remained vulnerable.
they are denied a number of civil rights.
they are subjected to various offences, indignities, humiliations and harassments.
they have, in several brutal incidents, been deprived of their life and properties, serious crimes are committed against them for various historical, social and economic reasons, it said.
it is in the dna of the rss/bjp to keep dalits at the lowest level in indian society.
any one who challenges this thought is crushed with violence.
our dalit brothers and sisters are today on the streets demanding protection of their rights from the modi government.
we salute them, he said on twitter.
bsp chief mayawati also launched a blistering attack on the bjp-led central government over the delay in filing the review petition against the supreme court verdict.
addressing the media in the party office, mayawati said, the central government took a lot of time in filing the review petition against the supreme court verdict on the sc/st act.
had they filed the review petition in time, there wouldnt be any protests or bharat bandh.
the bsp chief, however, condemned the violence and clarified that the bsp has no role in the violence.
(express photos by gurmeet singh) (express photos by gurmeet singh)the protest is justified.
i support it.
however, i have got to know that some people are spreading violence during the protests.
i strongly condemn this.
our party is not behind the violence.
i urge the authorities to initiate strong action against the culprits, she said.
while union home minister rajnath singh appealed for peace, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said the government was not a party to the supreme court decision on the sc/st act and respectfully did not agree with its reasoning behind the verdict.
union minister ram vilas paswan, a prominent dalit leader and head of nda constituent ljp, appreciated the governments quick decision to file the petition and accused the congress of having done nothing for dalit icon b r ambedkar.
senior congress leader ghulam nabi azad alleged that incidents of atrocities on dalits and minorities have increased in the country since the nda came to power in 2014, while aap leader and delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal extended his support to the protesting groups.
uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath also appealed for peace and urged the people not to vitiate law and order.
arun jaitley health update: bjp leader and former finance minister arun jaitley continued to be on life support system monday at the all india institute of medical sciences (aiims) in new delhi.
bjp veteran l k advani, uttarakhand chief minister trivendra singh rawat, up governor anandiben patel and bihar deputy chief minister sushil kumar modi visited the hospital on monday to enquire about his health.
advertisingunion minister mukhtar abbas naqvi and bjp national general secretary arun singh also visited the hospital.
sushil kumar modi said jaitley was critical but responding.
just returned from aiims delhi after meeting arun jaitleyjis daughter.
critical but responding.
we all pray god that arunji recover soon.
sushil kumar modi (@sushilmodi) august 19, 2019union ministers mukhtar abbas naqvi, thaawarchand gehlot, ravishankarprasad prasad and santosh gangwar, delhi lg anil baijal, bjp national general secretary arun singh and party mp maneka gandhi also visited the hospital to know about his wellbeing.
the additional principal secretary to prime minister, pk mishra, and cabinet secretary pradeep kumar sinha also visited the hospital in the evening.
jaitley, 66, was admitted to the hospital after he complained of palpitations and restlessness.
he was placed under observation at the hospitals cardio-neuro-centre.
on friday, union health minister dr harsh vardhan had said, doctors at aiims are doing the best they can.
aiims has not issued any official medical bulletin on jaitleys health condition since august 10.
advertisingon sunday, rajnath singh, smriti irani, jitendra singh, and delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal visited the cardio-neuro centre to enquire about the health of the former union minister.
bjp mps rajyavardhan singh rathore and gautam gambhir, and rss sarsanghchalak mohan bhagwat also visited him.
several leaders, including bihar chief minister nitish kumar, union health minister harsh vardhan and railways minister piyush goyal visited aiims on saturday.
prime minister narendra modi, union home minister amit shah, defence minister rajnath singh, health minister dr harsh vardhan and lok sabha speaker om birla visited aiims the night jaitley was admitted to the hospital.
in may this year, too, jaitley was admitted to aiims for treatment.
after the modi government returned to power, jaitley wrote to the prime minister that he would like to stay away from any responsibility on account of his ill health.
jaitley, a lawyer by profession, had been an important part of modis cabinet in the bjp governments first term.
he held the finance and defence portfolios, and often acted as the chief troubleshooter of the government.
in 2018, jaitley had undergone a kidney transplant at aiims.
in a tweet on april 6, 2018, he said: i am being treated for kidney-related problems & certain infections that i have contracted.
in september 2014, he had undergone bariatric surgery because of a long-standing diabetic condition.
b'union minister ravishankarprasad prasad prasad said it was not right to say that the government was committing a cardinal sin by giving its views.
union minister ravishankarprasad prasad prasad said it was not right to say that the government was committing a cardinal sin by giving its views.
the centre was within its rights to seek a reconsideration of a name recommended by the supreme court collegium for appointment as judge and to give its inputs, union law and it minister ravishankarprasad prasad said on monday.
prasad said it was not right to say that the government was committing a cardinal sin by giving its views.
his remarks come in the background of the controversy over the government asking the collegium to reconsider its recommendation to elevate uttarakhand high court chief justice k m joseph to the apex court.
read | once again, supreme court collegium stalls on justice km josephs nameeven in the collegium system architecture, created by the three judgments of 1993, 1998 and 1999 and 2015 of the njac, the right of the government has been acknowledged to seek a reconsideration and also to give inputs.
therefore, when i see these kinds of things  as if giving our views we are committing a cardinal sin  with great respect, (it) is not the right position in law, prasad said while addressing an event at the launch of a website and mobile app of the law ministry to monitor progress in development of judicial infrastructure in real-time.
prasad said the government will continue to respectfully and gently convey our views  and that obviously the collegium has to take a call.
he said the centre was led by people committed to the cause of independence of the judiciary.
this government is led by prime minister narendra modi, home minister rajnath singh, finance minister (arun jaitley), external affairs minister sushma swaraj, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad, all of whom fought the emergency for three freedoms: individual freedom, press freedom and independence of judiciary.
therefore, this government is led by leaders who suffered for the cause of independence of judiciary at the most trying time.
that commitment shall remain absolutely unshakeable.
he reiterated that the law ministry, and the minister, is not a post office simpliciter in the matter of judicial appointments and sought to rubbish charges that the government was going slow in appointing judges to various high courts.
prasad pointed out that the government had appointed 126 high court judges in 2016, which, he said, is the highest in the last 30 years, and that the centre hopes to surpass this number this year.
on digitalisation of courts, he said about 71 per cent of total courts in the country had become e-courts, and 33 per cent of this was done in the last four years.
all district courts must become e-courts by 2018-19, he said.
prasad also pitched for a national-level entrance test for talent infusion into the subordinate judiciary, pti reported.
he, however, made it clear that he was not rooting for a national-level judicial service on the lines of all-india services such as the ias and the ips for appointing judicial officers.
b'randeep singh surjewala randeep singh surjewalathe congress on thursday hit back at the bjp over its latest attack on p chidambaram over the 80:20 gold import scheme.
it said the upa governments curbs on gold imports had hurt gitanjali group of nirav modi and mehul choksi and alleged that the bjp government lifted the restrictions to help them.
addressing a press conference, congress communication department head randeep surjewala accused union minister ravishankarprasad prasad of peddling lies, falsehood and indulging in diversionary tactics.
releasing several documents, he said the upa government had introduced several measures, including restrictions on gold import, to rein in current account deficit in august 2013.
he said the government star trading houses/premier trading houses were permitted to import gold under 80:20 scheme under certain restrictions on may 15, 2014 after representations made by gem jewellery export promotion council and recommendation by directorate general of foreign trade.
result of lok sabha polls was announced on may 16.
surjewala claimed that on august 13, 2014, nirmala sitharaman, then commerce minister, justified in parliament the 80:20 gold import scheme as also permitting import of gold by star trading houses/premier trading houses under the scheme.
he said the union finance secretary too had justified the 80:20 gold import scheme as a correct measure.
he claimed the restrictions had affected the profitability of the likes of nirav modi and mehul choksi and said the gitanjali groups revenues dipped from rs 10,380 crore in 2012-13 to rs 7,343 crore in 2013-14.
while the company recorded a profit of rs 265 crore in 2012-13, it incurred a loss of rs 22.
65 crore in 2013-14, he claimed.
b'prime minister narendra modi will observe a day-long fast on thursady in new delhi (file) prime minister narendra modi will observe a day-long fast on thursady in new delhi (file)after congress nationwide fast earlier this week, prime minister narendra modi will observe a day-long fast in new delhi on thursday.
top bjp leaders, meanwhile, will fan out to different parts of the country to lead the protest against the washout of parliament proceedings.
while bjp chief amit shah will fast in poll-bound karnataka, union health minister j p nadda will lead the charge in pm modis constituency varanasi.
here is all you need to know about pm modis fast tomorrowwhy is pm modi fasting?
accusing the congress of taking parliamentary proceedings to a new low with its conduct, pm modi announced the fast to protest the impasse caused by the opposition party in parliament, which saw a washout of the second half of the budget session.
addressing bjp mps on the partys foundation day, pm modi directed all party units across the nation to observe the fast.
addressing party mps through an audio conference call ahead of the protest, modi said the bjp leaders and its workers will observe the fast tomorrow to expose those handfuls of people who throttled democracy by stalling parliament proceedings.
the people who couldnt gain power in 2014, dont want the country to move forward.
they didnt let parliament work for a single day.
they killed democracy & we will observe fast to bring their crime in front of world.
i will also hold fast.
but i will continue my work.
said modi.
who all are participating in the fast?
the prime minister has directed all the party lawmakers to observe fast in their respective constituencies.
while pm modi will lead the party from new delhi, amit shah will hold a sit-in at hubli in poll-bound karnataka.
home minister rajnath singh, petroleum minister dharmendra pradhan and commerce minister suresh prabhu will accompany pm modi in the national capital.
union health minister j p nadda will be in modis constituency varanasi, while law minister ravishankarprasad prasad will travel to patna for the fast.
defence minister nirmala sitharaman will observe the fast in chennai, human resource development minister prakash javdekar in bengaluru, minister of state for parliamentary affairs vijay goel in tamil nadu and minister of state for external affairs mj akbar in vidisha, madhya pradesh.
tourism minister kj alphons will observe the fast in kerala.
however, the prime minister will not disturb his routine of meeting people and officials and clearing files during the fast reported pti.
pm narendra modi and bjp president amit shah will observe a day-long fast with bjp mps on april 12 pm narendra modi and bjp president amit shah will observe a day-long fast with bjp mps on april 12photo-op says congress; naidu, owaisi question pm moditaking a swipe against pm modis proposed fast, congress chief rahul gandhi cited the unnao rape incident and said he hoped that the prime minister would observe a fast over atrocities against women, failed law and order and increasing anarchy under the bjps watch.
calling it a drama and photo-op, congress communications in-charge randeep surjewala blamed the bjp for parliament washout.
prime minister ji, it is not the time to observe fast, in view of your failures it is time to take retirement instead.
if you do not wake up now, you should understand that the time of your retirement will come in 2019 when people will vote you out, he added.
andhra pradesh chief minister n chandrababu naidu, who recently snapped ties with nda over special status to the state, questioned pm modi fasting against parliament impasse, alleging it was the centre which ensured the disruption by provoking aiadmk over the cauvery issue.
they provoked the aiadmk and ensured that the mps of the ruling party in tamil nadu stormed the well of the lok sabha and thereby did not allow tdp to raise its demand (for grant of special category status to andhra pradesh).
how atrocious?
and now he (prime minister) says he will observe protestseeking to portray the opposition as wrong and he is right.
is it correct?
is it justified, he questioned.
mim party chief asaduddin owaisi took a jibe against pm modi and wondered if he would undertake a fast on the farmers suicides issue and also to atone for false promises made by him.
if the prime minister wants to fast for losing the whole session of parliament, i want to ask the honourable prime minister where is his sense of duty lost, wherein, in the past four years thousands of farmers committed suicides.
will the prime minister fast for those farmers?
will he sit on fast against the atrocities against dalits in uttar pradesh?
why does not the prime minister sit on fast to atone for his false promises?
, the hyderabad lok sabha mp questioned.
rahul gandhi observed fast on april 9 to protest atrocities against dalits and acts of communal violence across the country.
(express photo) rahul gandhi observed fast on april 9 to protest atrocities against dalits and acts of communal violence across the country.
(express photo)what happened during congress fast?
the congress observed a nationwide fast on april 9 to protest atrocities against dalits and acts of communal violence across the country.
however, the image of its leaders eating chole bhature before the fast went viral resulting in deep embarrassment for the party.
wow our congress leaders, they invited people to join the hunger strike, but they themselves are relishing chhole bhature at a restaurant  clearly befooling (people), bjp leader harish khurana tweeted with the image of delhi congress chief ajay maken having food along with amrinder singh lovely at a food joint.
calling it a farce of a fast, the bjp mocked the opposition party, saying its leaders claim of bringing a change but cannot abstain from one meal and their president rahul gandhi cannot wake up in morning even for a day as they are used to politics of luxury.
bjp spokesperson sambit patra also took a dig at rahul gandhi for turning up at rajghat at 1 pm while the fast had started at 10.
30 am, saying it shows that the congress chief cannot wake up in the morning as he and his colleagues were used to politics of luxury.
he contrasted it with the politics of performance of prime minister narendra modi who, he noted, comes from a common family belonging to backward caste and has worked to bring dalits in mainstream socially and economically.
when asked about the picture that surfaced on social media, lovely explained: the fast was scheduled to begin at 10:30 am and we were busy with preparation till late night yesterday.
we went for breakfast at around 8 am.
so, there is nothing wrong in it.
during the fast, rahul gandhi accused prime minister narendra modi of being casteist and anti-dalit.
he added that his party will always stand against the bjps oppressive ideology.
the congress president sat for several hours at rajghat and was joined by senior leaders, including kamal nath, mallikarjun kharge, sheila dikshit, ashok gehlot, delhi congress chief ajay maken and the partys communications in-charge randeep surjewala.
b'subhash chandra subhash chandrain his biography the z factor, television mogul subhash chandra has been extraordinarily candid about his past.
he acknowledges what was long suspected: that he profiteered enormously from dubious rice deals with the soviets in the early 1980s.
he was awarded a lucrative contract to export basmati to russia, on the understanding that he would share 50 per cent of his profit with his benefactors in the congress party.
chandra confesses that it was rajiv gandhi who steered the deal his way through his aide vijay dhar.
chandra writes that he deposited half the share of profits, first with dhirendra brahmachari, then with sitaram kesri and finally with arun nehru.
an interesting sidelight to the story is that while the soviets were paying for expensive basmati rice, goyal cut corners by mixing basmati with the cheaper parmal variety.
the russians, unfamiliar with the various grades of indian rice, assumed that he was cheating them since their long-standing rice supplier, tulsi tanna, had only been supplying parmal and they thought parmal was the better quality rice.
chandra did not argue with the russians, but made even bigger profits by exporting only parmal henceforth.
kilogram indexat a luncheon party at minister for communications ravishankarprasad prasads residence, when bjp president amit shah was questioned by journalists on the poor state of the economy, shah retorted that the state of the economy should be judged not in terms of the rupee but in terms of kilogrammes and litres.
several journalists wondered what he meant.
what shah wanted to say was that the per capita consumption of staple goods had increased, even if the price of the rupee had fallen.
at the same party, finance minister arun jaitley was offered numerous suggestions on how to fix the fiscal deficit.
he joked that in india while most people are known to see themselves as experts on health and cricket, the new trend is to give advice on how to manage the economy.
togethernessthe oldest invitee at the beating the retreat function this year was 90-year-old n d tiwari, a veteran congressperson who has served over the years as central minister, chief minister and governor.
he came in a wheelchair steered by his son rohit shekhar, who was attired in identical clothes as his father, right down to the gandhi cap.
a few years ago, a court, acting on a paternity suit shekhar filed, had declared him to be tiwaris son.
falling apartvice-president hamid ansari was keen to study the 1920 law which created aligarh muslim university and asked parliament house library to send a copy of the act to his office.
the parliament house library could not oblige since the only available copy is in very poor condition and the pages crumble easily.
the document could not be removed from the bookshelf and transported.
an attempt to microfilm the papers proved futile since the microfilm was unreadable when magnified.
it was suggested that the vice-president personally visit the library.
instead, someone from his office was sent to clarify a particular date.
safe distancem natarajan, the husband of jayalalithaas aide sasikala, had managed to persuade president pranab mukherjee to attend his pongal celebrations in chennai on january 12.
however, mukherjees proposed visit was scuttled after the tamil nadu cm put her foot down and objected to a presidential visit at that point of time.
natarajan was, however, present at the presidents at home function at rashtrapati bhavan on republic day.
he was seen talking to bjp ministers and other dignitaries and discussing the forthcoming tamil nadu elections.
ias and ips officers from the tamil nadu cadre kept a safe distance from him.
they feared that if they were seen even greeting him, the news would be conveyed back to amma and they might by blackballed.
misusing his nameinitially, bihar cm nitish kumar wanted to appoint madan mohan jha as hrd minister in his council of ministers.
but c p joshi, congress general secretary incharge of bihar, informed the cm that rahul gandhi was keen that ashok choudhary, bihar congress president, be given the hrd portfolio.
recently, when the bihar cm met rahul he pointed out that choudhary had been made hrd minister on his request.
a shocked rahul made it clear that he had made no such suggestion.
subsequently, choudhary has had a tough time getting an appointment with the congress vice-president.
union law and it minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
(file photo) union law and it minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
(file photo)law and it minister ravishankarprasad prasad today called on tax practitioners and administrators to keep tax compliance in mind as indias digital economy expands.
we are creating a big ecosystem of digital economy.
indian digital economy is going to become a usd 1 trillion economy in the coming five years, prasad said while speaking at a conference on tax system.
the digital economy includes communications services, it and it-enabled services, e-commerce, manufacturing and digital payments.
in this ecosystem, surely issues of tax, compliances, border or no border will come.
that is one area i would expect that sometime in future you people need to reflect, act and also give feedback as to how we can promote digital economy without disturbing innovation and enterprise while ensuring tax compliance, prasad said.
he said that government is working very aggressively to ensure there is tax compliance in the system.
prasad said that prime minister narendra modi has taken lead in convincing the world that things have to be operated in a fair and transparent manner.
if some people seek to tinker with the system there must be a mechanism available for automatic sharing of information.
america has followed it immediately.
our pm went to switzerland, they also agreed to open up, prasad said.
he said that india revisited whole agreement with cyprus, switzerland to ensure tax compliance.
the tax practitioners and tax administrators will have to understand tempo of this change.
if you are unable to understand this change i am sure something is lacking in the approach of tax practitioners and tax administrators, prasad said.
b'union minister of law and justice ravishankarprasad prasad.
(file photo) union minister of law and justice ravishankarprasad prasad.
(file photo)taking a swipe at congress leader anand sharmas comment on the indian economy under the national democratic alliance (nda), union minister of law and justice ravishankarprasad prasad on sunday said it is sharmas ego which is speaking, because the opposition is still unable to digest their defeat in the lok sabha polls.
we cant expect more from this party.
this is anand sharmas ego, because the congress has still not understood that they have been defeated badly at the centre and in states, and will also loose in the future, prasad told ani.
commenting on the condition of the indian economy during the united progressive alliances regime, he said it was mired in 2g and coal scams.
india is moving towards a larger economy, and investments are coming in india.
the world bank and other rating agencies have said india has the most progressive economy, he added.
yesterday sharma slammed prime minister narendra modi by saying that he has no understanding of the economy and accused modi for misleading the country.
sharma challenged the centre to present a white paper to prove economic mismanagement during the upa regime.
prime minister narendra modi in an interview on friday said the indian government has started bearing fruit, and there is no reason for alarm.
he said his government has worked in all fairness without showing any bias to any particular political party or individuals.
ravi shankar prasad said mukul rohatgi has served with great distinction.
(source: express photo/anil sharma) ravishankarprasad prasad said mukul rohatgi has served with great distinction.
(source: express photo/anil sharma)the government will take a decision on appointing a new attorney general at an appropriate time, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said on thursday.
incumbent mukul rohatgi recently conveyed to the government that he would like to be relieved from the post he has held for three years.
we have taken note of the request of the ag not to continue due to personal reasons.
we respect that.
rohatgi has been a very distinguished ag.
he has served with great distinction, the minister told reporters in new delhi.
the government will take a decision at an appropriate time on who would be its next top law officer, he said.
rohatgi, who has said he wants to return to private practice, was appointed attorney general immediately after the bjp came to power in may 2014.
he has argued in many contentious matters like the challenge to the national judicial appointments commission act on the appointment of judges for the higher judiciary.
recently, he assisted the apex court in the triple talaq matter in which judgement is reserved.
early this month, the appointments committee of the cabinet extended his tenure until further orders.
rohatgi had also represented the gujarat government in the supreme court in the 2002 gujarat riots and fake encounter death cases, including the best bakery and zahira sheikh matters.
after dilly-dallying for over a week, the congress on sunday finally announced that its president rahul gandhi will contest from a second lok sabha seat, wayanad in kerala, to espouse the aspirations of south india.
advertisingwith this, rahul would be following in the footsteps of grandmother indira gandhi, who had contested from rae bareli in uttar pradesh and medak (now in telangana) in her comeback elections in 1980, and mother sonia, who had contested from amethi in up and bellary (karnataka) in her maiden electoral fight in 1999.
rahuls decision, in line with the gandhis looking south when in crisis, appears to be a bid to make a larger political statement  that, unlike his prime challenger, narendra modi, he is not confining himself to the north.
rahul is also contesting from amethi, from where he has won thrice earlier.
the bjp has again fielded union minister smriti irani against him.
however, the decision also leaves rahul open to the charge  both from the bjp openly, and the left silently  that, unlike wayanad, amethi may no longer be a safe seat for the congress president.
explained exposes rift in oppn camp while again underlining the partys shrinking footprint, the congress move has also exposed faultlines in the opposition camp.
the decision may also leave the party on the defensive in up, where it has ambitiously fielded priyanka gandhi vadra to regain lost fortunes.
congress sources did not rule out the possibility of priyanka gandhi vadra contesting from varanasi against prime minister narendra modi, ostensibly to counter this insinuation that rahul had run away from up.
however, the gandhis are reportedly yet to make up their mind on priyanka taking the electoral plunge.
read | rahuls second seat wayanad: bjp calls it panic, left says congress has lost the plota senior congress leader said, modi would be forced to spend more time in varanasi if priyanka gandhi contests from there it will also give a message that we are serious when it comes to up.
another leader speculated that she can contest from amethi in the event of rahul winning from both the seats and deciding to keep wayanad.
while the late m i shanavas had won wayanad by only over 20,000 votes in 2014  his majority dipping by around 1.
5 lakh votes from 2009  it is considered safe for the congress given its demographic make-up.
in a reference to this, union minister ravishankarprasad prasad put it bluntly on sunday: as per the 2011 census, only 49 per cent of the population of wayanad is hindu and the rest are minorities.
and rahul gandhi finds it a safe seat.
according to sources, the congress had zeroed in on three seats for rahul to contest from in the south  wayanad, kanyakumari in tamil nadu and bangalore rural in karnataka.
wayanad is the safest best among the three.
while leaders from tamil nadu urged rahul to contest from there, the congress is now a fringe player in the state and even if the congress president had won from kanyakumari, the credit would have gone to the dmk  the leader in its alliance in the state.
on the contrary, in karnataka, the congress is still a big force and both state party president dinesh gundu rao and former chief minister siddharamaiah wanted rahul to contest from the state.
however, party leaders say, the congress could not zero in on a safe seat in karnataka.
bellary is no more a congress bastion  the bjp won both in 2009 and 2014  and is now a reserved constituency.
the congresss other strongholds in the state, like raichur, chitradurga and gulbarga, are also all reserved.
click for more election newsbangalore rural was on the table, but it was eventually ruled out as the seat is considered a bastion of d k shivakumar, who is facing corruption allegations.
as for the other two southern states, andhra pradesh and telangana, the congress is more or less extinct there since the messy 2014 bifurcation.
moreover, the state units of neither sought out rahul as a candidate.
about wayanad, senior leader a k antony said on sunday, it is an ideal constituency that will in a way satisfy the sentiment of the three southern states.
wayanad, even though it is in kerala, is a trijunction with tamil nadu on one side, the nearest parliamentary constituency is nilgiris, and karnataka on the other side.
the nearest constituency in karnataka is chamrajnagar.
wayanad is situated in kerala but is surrounded by karnataka and tamil nadu, he added.
congress spokesperson randeep surjewala said amethi has been and will always be rahuls karmabhoomi and he could never leave it.
this fight is to give a message to the people of southern states that they are deeply valued, deeply respected.
their culture, their language, their way of life, their food habits, the clothes that they wear, their entire way of life is important to the congress as also to india as a unified country.
this is a fight against those forces who seek to divide india based on colour, language, way of life, food habits and clothes you wear, surjewala added.
in her 1980 election, indira had won by a much bigger margin from medak than in rae bareli.
she had also chosen chikkamagaluru in karnataka in a lok sabha by-election in 1978 to make her comeback after losing in 1977 in the wake of the emergency.
b'bharat bandh: bsp chief mayawati addresses the media on monday.
(photo: twitter/ani) bharat bandh: bsp chief mayawati addresses the media on monday.
(photo: twitter/ani)bsp chief mayawati on monday launched a scathing attack on the bjp-led government at the centre over the delay in filing the review petition against the supreme court verdict, which allegedly diluted the provisions of the scheduled castes and the scheduled tribes (prevention of atrocities) act.
while addressing the media in the party office, mayawati said, the central government took a lot of time in filing the review petition against the supreme court verdict on the sc/st act.
had they filed the review petition in time, there wouldnt be any protests or bharat bandh.
the dalit and adivasi communities are angry over the supreme court judgment on the sc/st act.
they have been raising this concern but the central government chose to keep mum, she added.
live updateswhile extending her support to the bharat bandh and to the cause of the dalits, the bsp leader accused the bjp of indulging in politics of caste and being anti-dalits.
the backwards are not getting their constitutional rights.
bjp is always doing politics of caste.
the dalits today are going towards darkness.
they are being deprived of promotion in jobs, she said.
she also clarified that the bsp has no role in the violence.
the protest is justified.
i support it.
however, i have got to know that some people are spreading violence during the protests.
i strongly condemn this.
our party is not behind the violence.
i urge the authorities to initiate strong action against the culprits, she said.
adding that the central government is misusing its power against the dalits and backwards, she said, the dalits have been campaigning for their rights.
our party will not sit quietly if their voices are not heard.
read | bharat bandh: sc refuses urgent hearing on plea seeking review of sc/st act verdictterming the privatisation of government departments as a conspiracy, mayawati said, the continuous privatisation of government department is also a conspiracy.
bjp doesnt want the dalits to be promoted.
all of this just makes it clear that the narendra modi-led government is against dalits and backwards.
at the indian express excellence in governance awards today, 16 district magistrates were awarded for their outstanding work at the forefront of governance and change across the country.
advertisingthe awards for outstanding work across 16 categories that range from agriculture to education and technology to women development were handed out by five union ministers, who are special guests at the event.
follow live updatesnitin gadkari, union minister for road transport and highways; and micro, small and medium enterprises; ram vilas paswan, union minister of consumer affairs, food and public distribution; ravishankarprasad prasad, union minister of law and justice; communications; and electronics and information technology; and dr jitendra singh, minister of state (independent charge), development of north eastern region, minister of state in the pmo; ministry of personnel, public grievances and pensions; and departments of atomic energy and space gave away the awards.
among the winners are kartikeya misra (skill development and left-wing extremism district), sandeep nanduri (implementation of central schemes), ayyaj tamboli (health), astik kumar pandey (community involvement), raj kr.
yadav (north east districts), vivek yadav (energy), dr. a.sharath (education), tukaram mundhe (technology implementation), dr. prashant bholanath narnaware (agriculture), c. r. kharsan (inclusive innovation), rakesh kanwar (social welfare), dr. madhavi khode chaware (child development), ashish saxena (women development), dr shahid iqbal choudhary (jammu and kashmir districts), and dr. s. lakhmanan (border districts).
these biennial awards are given to the most innovative solutions to governance challenges at the district level across the country and capture the widest range of what excellence in governance means  ideation, implementation and innovation.
exactly 44 years after it was imposed, emergency remained the dominant theme inside and outside parliament on tuesday with leaders across party lines speaking about the need to be vigilant so that the dark days do not come back.
advertisingin his reply in the lok sabha to the debate on the motion of thanks to the presidents address, prime minister narendra modi reminded the house of the date  june 25.
congress leaders were asking questions  answer this one, who declared emergency when the spirit of india was trampled upon, media was strangled and india was made a prison just because somebody was scared of losing power it is a living example of how the court is ignored, he said.
the reference was to the genesis of the emergency proclamation from a judgment of the allahabad high court on june 12, 1975, that found then prime minister indira gandhi guilty of electoral malpractice and ruled that she could not contest elections.
thirteen days later, emergency was imposed.
this june 25 we have to reiterate our commitment to democracy, nobody can forget the sin of trampling upon the constitution, this taint can never be wiped and should be recalled time and again so that nobody else walks that path again.
it is important to remember this day not to criticise anyone but to understand the importance of faith in democratic institutions, modi said.
advertisingin the rajya sabha, bjps vinay sahasrabuddhe began his speech on the motion of thanks to the presidents address recalling the emergency.
he said june 25 is considered a black day in the history of indias democracy.
describing those days, atalji (a b vajpayee) used to say that the entire country had become kind of a jail.
the rulers then used to smell a conspiracy behind every tree, he said.
concluding his speech during the debate, tmcs derek obrien said he was speaking on a very important day  25th of june 44 years ago was the darkest day of india.
democracy was strangled, misused and two years later the people of india gave a fitting reply to those who strangled and mutilated democracy.
today, 25th of june as we begin in 2019 we did not tolerate the emergency, we will be alert and we will fight under mamata-di (banerjee) never to allow a super emergency.
outside parliament, environment minister prakash javadekar accused the west bengal chief minister of having ushered in an emergency-like situation.
the way mamata is governing in west bengal is no less than the emergency and she is heading a terrible government.
the continuing violence in the state is against democracy.
bjp and this government is committed towards democracy and we will defend democracy through sabka saath, sabka vikas aur sabka vishwas.
we defended the democracy during the second struggle for independence during 1975, 1976 and 1977.
and like bengal, wherever there is any problem regarding democracy, we will fight it, he said.
earlier in the day, banerjee had tweeted: today is the anniversary of the #emergency declared in 1975.
for the last five years, the country went through a super emergency.
we must learn our lessons from history and fight to safeguard the democratic institutions in the country.
speaking to journalists outside parliament, javadekar said: the emergency was imposed by destroying the constitution.
it finished the freedom of the press, freedom of thought, made the entire country a jailhouse.
lok sabha elections, which are never delayed, were pushed forward from 1976 when they were due thousands and lakhs of workers fought against it under the leadership of jayaprakash narayan, morarji desai and atal bihari vajpayeehe congratulated all those who had made sacrifices then and suffered.
but this fight was of the people.
i am surprised that some leaders are claiming there is emergency today.
there is a free press, there is a free social media.
there has been a tv revolution through cable tv.
everybodys voice can reach the people, whether its right or wrong.
there is freedom to speak, both inside the house and outside.
that is what the congress had finished.
and the leaders who are speaking today were all in the congress at that timecpm general secretary sitaram yechury tweeted, india is a secular democracy.
one fundamental pillar, ie of democracy was hit on this day, 44 years ago as the emergency.
we must remember our fight then to resist it, push it back and then restore democracy.
today, a stronger resolve than in 1975 is required, to fight back attacks on secular democracy.
this attack is by those who dont think india belongs to all its citizens.
but it does, to all indians irrespective of which god they pray to (or dont).
law minister ravishankarprasad prasad tweeted: on 25th june 1975 indira gandhi had imposed #emergency to save her government.
lakhs of people including opposition leaders, journalists and social activists were jailed.
today i wish to remember every citizen of india who fought against emergency to restore democracy.
ljp president and union minister ram vilas paswan tweeted: this is saddening that a political party that had imposed emergency in the country, is today making baseless allegations on modi government of imposing emergency.
president ram nath kovind wednesday hailed the supreme courts effort to provide judgements in nine vernacular languages saying the issue is very close to his heart.
happy to receive and be introduced to translations of 100 important judgments of the supreme court, he said.
these will now be available in a variety of regional and indian languages, and accessible to hundreds of millions of our fellow citizens who may not know english, he added.
advertisingkovind also congratulated the apex court collegium and the government for working together to ensure that the top court is working at its full strength of 31 able judges.
he was speaking at the inauguration of an additional supreme court building which will have record rooms, seminar halls and lawyers chambers with car parking facilities.
kovind said the eco-friendly building would increase the infrastructural facilities and help in justice delivery system by providing greater comfort for judges, lawyers and litigants.
chief justice ranjan gogoi said the apex court has warded off various threats to constitutional ethos in the past.
law minister ravishankarprasad prasad advocated an all india judicial service for recruiting judges in subordinate courts and said that the meritorious and backward classes should get their due share in judiciary.
the capitals political class tuesday set aside differences and drove to the bjp headquarters to pay their last respects to gopinath munde.
while sonia gandhi wrote a letter to mundes wife sharing her grief, rahul gandhi drove to the bjp office to pay his last respects.
i understand the pain is unbearable for you and your family and mere words of solace are not enough.
there are some incidents in life on which one has no control and one has to bear with them hailing from a humble background, munde made a mark in social and political life by the dint of his hard work, polite behaviour and commitment towards the backward classes, which is a source of inspiration for all, sonia wrote.
pm narendra modi, who paid his last respects, tweeted, hailing from backward sections of society, he rose to great heights and tirelessly served people, and described his friend and colleague mundes death as a major loss for the nation & the govt.
apart from the bjps l k advani, murli manohar joshi and rajnath singh, the rsss mohan bhagwat, bhaiyyaji joshi and suresh soni, and the vhps ashok singhal too went to the bjp headquarters.
accompanied by uttarakhand chief minister harish rawat, rahul made his way through the crowd of bjp workers to pay his last respects.
he spoke for a few minutes to former bjp chief venkaiah naidu, bjp general secretaries j p nadda and ramlal.
mundes rival in maharashtra sharad pawar too was at the bjp headquarters.
president pranab mukheree sent a wreath.
vice-president hamid ansari dropped in to pay his last respects, and a wreath was placed on behalf of former pm atal bihari vajpayee.
union ministers sushma swaraj, arun jaitley, ravishankarprasad prasad, a gajapathi raju and ananth kumar were at the party headquarters.
venkaiah naidu and smriti irani stood near the body.
ram vilas paswan, harsimarat kaur badal and sharad yadav offered their condolences to mundes daughter pankaja.
rajnath singh will attend mundes funeral in beed tomorrow, accompanied by advani and nitin gadkari.
others likely to travel with them include irani, ananth kumar and party general secretary ramlal.
b'prakash javadekar, who was elevated to cabinet, got the hrd portfolio prakash javadekar, who was elevated to cabinet, got the hrd portfoliothe union cabinet on tuesday saw major changes with smriti irani moving out from hrd to textile ministry and arun jaitley shedding information and broadcasting portfolio.
here are the major changesprakash javadekar, who was elevated to cabinet, gets hrd portfolio.
smriti irani moves out from hrd ministry to textiles ministry.
arun jaitley sheds information and broadcasting portfolio.
d v sadananda gowda shifted from law ministry to statistics and programme implementation.
it minister ravishankarprasad prasad gets additional charge as law and justice.
m venkaiah naidu gets information and broadcasting in addition to urban development.
anant kumar gets parliamentary affairs which was with m venkaiah naidu in addition to chemicals and fertilisers.
the ceremony took place at the darbar hall of the rashtrapati bhavan, where senior leaders of the bjp were present.
external affairs minister sushma swarajhad earlier tweeted that she would not be able to make it due to an engagement with the foreign minister of hungary.
here are the names of those inducted today: ss ahluwalia, ramesh chandappa jigjinagi, parshottam rupala, mj akbar, arjun ram meghwal, anil madhav dave, vijay goel, rajen gohain, mahendra nath pandey, cr chaudhary, pp chaudhary, ramdas athawale, subhash ramrao bhamre, jasvant sinh bhabhor, mansukh mandaviya, faggan singh kulaste, ajay tamta, anupriya singh patel, and krishna raj.
in 2015, the supreme court struck down the njac legislation as unconstitutional, paving the way for the latest round of confrontation.
(illustration: c r sasikumar) in 2015, the supreme court struck down the njac legislation as unconstitutional, paving the way for the latest round of confrontation.
(illustration: c r sasikumar)the tension between the executive and judiciary isnt new.
whats different about this latest round is the unusual mix of factors: the political establishments attempt to clip the judiciarys wings stalled, a supreme court publicly divided and a chief justice facing an impeachment notice.
ravish tiwari tracks this strain over the years to explain the current conflict  and its fraught resolution.
on july 29, 1947, the constituent assembly was gripped by a question: should the power to remove superior judges be vested in the president or parliament?
in the end, the view of sir alladi krishnaswami ayyar, former advocate general of madras state, prevailed and the members decided that both houses of parliament, while acting on an impeachment notice, would exercise this power, if at all.
for, few members believed that this provision would ever be used.
whatever procedure you prescribe for the removal of judges for proved misconduct or misbehaviour, that procedure is likely to be used only in the rarest of contingencies and very probably will not be used within my life time or even the life time of those who are much younger in this house than i am, sir n gopalaswami ayyangar had said in his concluding arguments that day, before the draft proposed by ayyar was adopted.
otherwise prescient, the wise men and women of the constituent assembly didnt anticipate what was to follow.
seventy years later, that very provision is at the heart of a tussle between the opposition and the ruling party members.
while the congress-led opposition members of the rajya sabha have declared that they would challenge rajya sabha chairman venkaiah naidus ruling dismissing their notice for impeachment of chief justice of india (cji) dipak misra, the ruling combine members have hailed the decision as sound course of action.
days after naidus ruling, another row blew in the face of judiciary and executive relations, when, on april 26, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad wrote to cji misra, segregating the supreme court collegiums recommendation for appointing two judges to the apex court.
while the government returned for reconsideration the collegiums recommendation to elevate uttarakhand chief justice k m joseph to the supreme court, it notified the appointment of senior advocate indu malhotra as a judge of the apex court.
here again, the ruling and opposition parties are divided over the course of events, with the spotlight now on the judiciarys place in the delicately stitched constitutional space that it shares with the political class comprising the executive and the legislature.
venkaiah naidus ruling dismissed opposition notice for impeachment of chief justice of india (cji) dipak misra.
venkaiah naidus ruling dismissed opposition notice for impeachment of chief justice of india (cji) dipak misra.
this space has been created and shaped by the judiciarys evolving relationship with the executive over three distinct eras.
1947-1964: retreat or reviewnotwithstanding ayyangars belief that the provision for removal of judges will rarely be used, within a year, even before the constitution was ready, the judiciary found itself staring at the removal of a high court judge.
an academic paper on the evolution of judicial accountability in india published in the journal of public affairs and change by bhairav acharya, lawyer and policy specialist, recounts the removal of allahabad hc judge justice shiv prasad sinha in july 1948 at the request of the erstwhile united provinces government.
since the constitution was far from final, sinha was removed under section 220(2) of the government of india act, 1935, after an inquiry by the then federal court upheld one of the five charges against him.
if thats the note on which the judiciary started, after the constitution came into force, the first removal pitch was made in 1970 against justice j c shah.
the petition was rejected by the lok sabha speaker under the judges (inquiry) act, 1968.
the intervening two decades witnessed a phase where the political class asserted its supremacy against the judiciarys power of judicial review.
in fact, the first situation arose within months of the constitution coming into force on january 26, 1950.
communist leader a k gopalan challenged his detention without trial since 1947 in madras jail under the preventive detention act, 1950.
the act was challenged on the grounds of failing to meet provisions of article 21 that guarantees the protection of life and personal liberty.
the case was heard by a six-member bench which rendered separate judgments.
however, a unanimous feature was that they struck down section 14 of the act  which prevented even courts from accessing material which formed the basis of the detention orders  as unconstitutional.
the government responded by amending the act to delete the said section.
the executives assertion again reached the supreme court in a case now famously known as kesavananda bharati case.
the executives assertion again reached the supreme court in a case now famously known as kesavananda bharati case.
this tussle between the judiciary and the political class came to a head when legislation on agrarian reforms and abolition of the zamindari system across different states came up for challenge under article 31 that provided guarantees for right to property.
the landed class objected to the reform legislation undertaken by several provincial congress governments to further the socialist vision of prime minister jawaharlal nehru.
the most famous of these litigation was kameshwar singh vs state of bihar, in which the patna hc in march 1951 had ruled that the bihar land reforms act was unconstitutional and in violation of article 14 since it discriminated in providing compensation.
sensing that it may cast a shadow on its agrarian reforms, in the summer of 1951 the congress government moved the constitution (first amendment) bill in parliament without even waiting for the supreme court ruling on the appeal in the case.
the amendment introduced blanket immunity for the land reform legislation against any appeal on grounds of infringement of fundamental rights.
going a step further, the amendment created the ninth schedule of the constitution to ring-fence 13 enactments, including the bihar land reforms act, from judicial review.
the invention of the ninth schedule led to the shielding of more legislation from the purview of judicial review  by 1964, the number of such laws across the country rose to 64.
the number has risen to 284 different laws in this schedule.
underlining the fault line that led to the ninth schedule, pdt achary, former secretary general of the lok sabha, says, in the beginning, the confrontation between the judiciary and the political class arose on the issue of right to property.
such a confrontation was obvious considering this was a government professing socialist path.
thus, the political class asserted its supremacy through amendments, ostensibly to further the socio-political objective framed by the government, which then comprised many of the framers of the constitution.
1965-1993: full-blown clashthe power of the political class to bring in amendments is likely to have generated fears of the constitution being overridden.
the supreme court had to assert its position.
it did so in a case challenging the punjab security and land tenures act, which was given immunity from judicial review by being put under the ninth schedule after the constitution (seventeenth amendment) act, 1964.
known as the golaknath case, the 11-judge sc bench headed by chief justice k subba rao with a majority of 6:5 restrained parliaments power to curtail fundamental rights.
the fetters imposed by the golaknath case is believed to have left the socialist leaning indira gandhi government disappointed.
but, the verdict had come close to the 1967 general elections, in which indira gandhi had returned to power with 284 seats in the lok sabha, its worse performance until then.
a weakened government pursued populist policies such as bank nationalisation and abolition of privy purses, which suffered setbacks in the supreme court.
however, in the 1971 general elections, the indira-led congress returned to power with an enhanced mandate of 350 seats.
it now had the electoral strength for its fight against the judicial setback.
the executive asserted its supremacy over the judiciary by bringing in another amendment to the constitution.
the result of the (sc) judgment (in the golaknath case) is that parliament is considered to have no power to take away or curtail any of the fundamental rights guaranteed by part iii of the constitution even if it becomes necessary to do so for giving effect to the directive principles of state policy and for the attainment of the objectives set out in the preamble to the constitution.
it is, therefore, considered necessary to provide expressly that parliament has power to amend any provision of the constitution so as to include the provisions of part iii within the scope of the amending power, read the statement of objects and reasons appended to the constitution (twenty-fourth amendment) bill, 1971.
the executives assertion again reached the supreme court in a case now famously known as kesavananda bharati case.
since, the 24th constitution amendment had annulled the force of the golaknath verdict by an 11-judge bench, the challenge to this legislation was to be heard by a 13-judge bench headed by chief justice s m sikri.
the government acted quickly to appoint judges to suit its political commitments, say experts.
the reason for this was that the kesavananda case, which would reconsider golaknath restrictions on amending power, was on the anvil.
because the latter was decided by an 11-judge bench, 13 would be needed for the kesavananda case.
conveniently for the government, which was aware that several of the sitting judges did not subscribe to its aims, these vacancies provided it with an opportunity to shift the ideological composition of sci, wrote george h gadbois in his book, judges of supreme court of india, referring to nine new appointments that happened between july 1971 and october 1972.
the arguments in the kesavananda case began on october 31, 1972.
gadbois refers to writings of former sc judge jaganmohan reddy to point out that of the new judges, two were nominees of law minister h r gokhale, one of minister mohan kumarmangalam, two that of sidhartha shankar ray and two of prime minister indira gandhi.
with a narrow majority of 7:6, the supreme court, in its judgment of april 1973, upheld parliaments power to amend the constitution but imposed fetters against amending its basic structure.
this exposition of the basic structure principle has since then emerged as one of the most potent tools against the unbridled power of the executive.
when such a stage was reached that any part of the constitution could get amended guided by political consideration, the supreme court stepped in.
i feel the supreme court did yeomen service to the nation by discovering the basic structure, says achary.
the judgment was considered a setback and the political executive hit back by appointing a n ray as the next chief justice of india after sikri, superseding three other judges  justices j m shelat, an grover and k s hegde.
the three judges resigned immediately.
this confrontation between the judiciary and the executive worsened when allahabad hc judge justice jagmohan lal sinha, acting on a petition filed by raj narain, set aside indira gandhis election to the lok sabha from rae bareli.
gandhi reacted to the judgment of june 12, 1975 by imposing emergency.
in another case, popularly known as adm jabalpur case, the supreme court, in a 4:1 judgment, upheld governments unrestricted use of powers during emergency.
while justices a n ray, p n bhagwati, y v chandrachud and m h beg were part of the majority ruling, the lone dissenter, justice k r khanna, was superseded by justice m h beg to be chief justice in 1976.
even the janata party government faced the ire of the supreme court in maneka gandhi vs union of india case in 1978.
the janata party administration had impounded her passport on the grounds of in public interest, which was challenged.
the majority ruling of the supreme court declared that the right to travel abroad was part of right of personal liberty under article 21 and government cant arbitrarily impound the passport as it violated right to equality under article 14.
the case pertains to the legal challenge against the implementation of law minister p shiv shankars march 1981 circular that sought executive discretion in transfer of judges to further national integration and to combat narrow parochial tendencies.
chief justice of india justice dipak misra (express photo by tashi tobgyal/files) chief justice of india justice dipak misra (express photo by tashi tobgyal/files)adjudicating on this batch of petitions, in december 1981, justice p n bhagwati declared that the primacy of the cjis recommendation on judicial appointments and transfers can be refused for cogent reasons.
this, in a way, bolstered the hands of the executive in judicial appointments for over a decade till the primacy of the cji was restored in the years that followed.
1993-2018: judiciary assertsthe tide slowly turned in favour of the judiciary with the advent in the late 80s ofcoalition governments.
given the rising impatience over charges of arbitrariness in judicial appointments, the vp singh government introduced the constitution (sixty-seventh amendment) bill, 1990 for constituting the national judicial commission for appointments in the higher judiciary.
however, it lapsed with the dissolution of the lok sabha in 1991.
in 1993, the supreme court wrested control of appointments through its judgment in the supreme court advocates-on-record association vs union of india (the second judges case) that crafted a completely new process of judicial appointments.
the role of the cji is primal in nature because this being a topic within the judicial family, the executive cannot have an equal say in the matter, said the verdict delivered by a nine-judge bench with the condition that the cji should consult the two most senior judges on matters of appointment.
the judgment, however, did not spell out the modalities of the consultation, inviting criticism from the executive and resulting in a presidential reference in 1998 from then president k r narayanan.
in it advisory opinion in special reference no.
1 of 1998 (the third judges case), the supreme court unanimously set down the modalities of the consultative process, where the cji would have to consult his four senior-most colleagues for supreme court appointments and his two senior-most colleagues for high court appointments, thus paving the way for the present collegium system.
with the collegium freeing the judiciary from the executives alleged interference, the supreme court went on to pronounce several key verdicts  from the s r bommai judgment to the 2g verdict many of which went against the executive of the day.
this got the political class to search for ways to ensure judicial accountability.
while the previous nda regime came up with the constitution (98th amendment) bill, 2003, for setting up the national judicial commission for judicial appointments, the upa moved the judicial standards and accountability bill and the constitution (120th amendment) bill to provide for a new mechanism.
but they could not get these enacted.
that changed in 2014.
unhindered by compulsions of coalition politics, the majority government under narendra modi sought more accountability from the judiciary.
it moved the constitution amendment legislation to scrap the two-decade-old collegium system and provide for the national judicial appointments commission (njac).
if it is challenged, then we will see it.
why parliament must be wary of using its powers?
parliament must have full trust in the ability of parliament to pass the law, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad had asserted when both the laws were passed in august 2014.
in 2015, the supreme court struck down the njac legislation as unconstitutional, paving the way for the latest round of confrontation.
with the memorandum of procedure (mop) for judicial appointments still stuck, almost every appointment is fraught with tension.
this, along with a string of other factors  the cji facing an impeachment motion, the lack of cohesion among senior supreme court judges, and the executive asserting itself  make for an unprecedented situation.
all these episodes have a lesson.
confrontation with judiciary doesnt help us at all.
in fact, confrontation with judiciary is a lose-lose situation for the executive, says senior advocate arvind datar.
with four of the five most senior sc judges retiring by the end of the year and the nda government too entering its last lap as it heads into an election year, what shape this current crisis takes will depend on the leadership that 2019 throws up.
the way forwardretired judges and legal experts talk to kaunain sheriff m on possible solutions to the current impasse.
r m lodha, former cjimopthe first step forward is finalisation of the mop.
this has been hanging for more than two years.
the drafts have been exchanged a number of times.
segregation of names recommended by collegiummop must have a specific provision where government cannot segregate names unilaterally.
it must be brought to the notice of the chief justice.
and the chief justice, in consultation with the collegium, should take a call to ensure that primacy of judiciary remains intact, selective segregation is not allowed to be done.
stay insulatedpolitical parties will always play their politics, but judiciary should not engage in their game plan.
judiciary should remain unconcerned and unconnected with political issues and dimensions.
a former cjibody for appointmentsthere exists a problem within the judiciary in the name of independence, judiciary cannot appoint judges solely by itself.
there are countries where indirectly the society has some role to play in the appointment of judges.
but the supreme court struck down njac, stating only judiciary can appoint judges a probable solution could be formation of a judicial appointments commissions if there is so much confrontation, why has the mop not been finalised?
k parasaran, former attorney general in governments headed by indira and rajiv gandhijoint deliberationi feel there should be joint deliberation by the government and judiciary on appointments.
if they had taken that view, with overriding cover in the court, all this controversy would have not happened.
this is purely my personal view.
b'the proposal to have a single number for various emergency services, approved by the inter-ministerial panel telecom commission, would be similar to the 911 all-in-one emergency service in the us.
(source: ravi kanojia) the proposal to have a single number for various emergency services, approved by the inter-ministerial panel telecom commission, would be similar to the 911 all-in-one emergency service in the us.
(source: ravi kanojia)people will soon have to dial just a single-number 112 for help during emergency situations such as availing services of police, ambulance and the fire department.
the proposal to have a single number for various emergency services, approved by the inter-ministerial panel telecom commission, would be similar to the 911 all-in-one emergency service in the us.
all existing emergency numbers will be phased out within a year of rolling out 112, depending upon the awareness about this new facility.
telecom commission has accepted trais recommendation on single emergency number 112.
it will now be drafted by the department of telecom and will require telecom ministers (ravi shankar prasad) approval.
it will be rolled out within months rather than a year, an official source said.
the source said the panel has accepted recommendations of the telecom regulatory authority of india (trai) after including clarifications given by it.
in india, different emergency communication and response systems are in place  police (100), fire brigade (101), ambulance (102) and emergency disaster management (108).
also, a number of states have notified various helpline numbers for assistance to special categories of citizens, like woman in distress  181 (delhi), missing children and women  1094 (delhi), crime against women  1096 (delhi), police headquarter helpline  1090 (uttar pradesh) etc.
a person in distress will now need to call 112, which will direct the call to concerned departments immediately for help.
the service will also be accessible even through those sims and landlines whose outgoing call facility has been stopped or temporarily suspended.
a user will be able to make communication even through sms and the system will learn about the location of the caller that will be shared with the nearest help centre.
the service will be operated by a call centre like facility, which will have representatives speaking in hindi, english and the local language.
b'bjp is set to corner the government in parliament over the leakage of jpc report on 2g spectrum allocation,coal scam and the brutal rape of a five-year-old girl in delhi as the second phase of the budget session begins on april 22.
the executive committee of the bjp parliamentary party today held a meeting at the residence of l k advani to evolve its strategy in parliament.
top bjp leaders including party president rajnath singh,leader of opposition in lok sabha sushma swaraj,besides murli manohar joshi,jaswant singh,shanta kumar and ravishankarprasad prasad attended the meeting and discussed various issues including the coal scam and 2g spectrum case,besides the rape incident of a five-year-old girl in east delhi.
the executive committee of the bjp parliamentary party today met under the chairmanship of l k advani and discussed various issues including the draft report of the jpc on 2g spectrum and the alleged pressure exerted on the cbi on the coalgate scam.
as per our tradition,after the bjp parliamentary party meeting,the nda meets and formally finalises its strategy to be adopted in parliament.
the nda will meet in the evening, deputy leader of the bjp in rajya sabha ravishankarprasad prasad told reporters after the meeting.
the party leaders discussed various issues confronting the nation for over 90 minutes at the meeting and formalised its future course of action in attacking the government in parliament.
prasad said,concerns and anger was also expressed at the comment made on former prime minister atal behari vajpayee in the draft report of jpc on 2g spectrum.
he said the party leaders also discussed the unfortunate rape incident in east delhi and expressed regret at the inept handling of law and order in the national capital at the hands of delhi police which comes directly under the central government.
alleging that bjp and rss are trying to divide people on the lines of religion and make them fight against each other, antony charged, the countrys diversity is under attack from the nda government at the centre.
alleging that bjp and rss are trying to divide people on the lines of religion and make them fight against each other, antony charged, the countrys diversity is under attack from the nda government at the centre.
indias strength lies in its diversity, which is under attack from the bjp-led nda government at the centre, senior congress leader a k antony said on monday.
slamming union law minister ravishankarprasad prasads comment that the centre may take a major step to ban triple talaq after up polls, he said, during elections, bjp leaders come out with statements that can aggravate communal polarisation.
watch video | kerala law academy row: student union protest in front of universityinaugurating a convention of congress-led udf opposition to mark the launch of a series of agitations against the centre and the cpi(m)-led ldf government in kerala, the former defence minister said the first stir should be taken up to protect the countrys unity in diversity.
alleging that bjp and rss are trying to divide people on the lines of religion and make them fight against each other, antony charged, the countrys diversity is under attack from the nda government at the centre.
india cannot be disintegrated by an enemy country.
but, attack on the unity in diversity, the essence and the pride of the nation, can destroy the country.
we should protect them, he said.
slamming demonetisation, antony claimed people are still suffering due its adverse impact and said, the centre should at least extend compensation to people who suffered losses due to its tughlaqi reforms.
hitting out at the ldf government, the congress leader alleged the state administration has come to complete standstill and people are suffering due to its misrule.
referring to frequent political clashes between cpi(m) and, rss and bjp workers in kerala, he alleged both theseparties want the tension to continue as their objective is to establish biopolar politics of cpi(m) and bjp.
we should fight the communal politics of bjp-led nda and misrule of cpi-m headed ldf government, antony said.
chief minister pinarayi vijayan and prime minister narendra modi are birds of the same feather and alleged that both leaders are pursuing a totalitarian attitude, opposition leader ramesh chennithala alleged.
udf leaders, including former chief minister oommen chandy, iuml supremo panakkad hyderali thangal and kpcc chief v m sudheeran were among those who spoke at the event.
in the wake of the uproar by lawmakers across party lines, lok sabha speaker om birla will seek an apology from samajwadi party mp azam khan over his objectionable comments against bihar mp rama devi, parliamentary affairs minister pralhad joshi said on friday.
action will be initiated against the sp leader if he fails to apologise, he added.
advertisingthe decision was taken during a meeting of floor leaders of all parties chaired by the lok sabha speaker.
the speaker will ask azam khan to apologise over his comments made against rama devi without any condition in the house.
if he does not do so, the speaker has been authorised to take action against him, joshi said.
the decision came a day after khan passed a few remarks at devi during a discussion on the triple talaq bill in parliament.
advertisingalso read | more trouble for azam, rampur sdm slaps rs 3.
27 cr fine on jauhar universityparticipating in the debate on the bill, khan referred to the intervention of union minister mukhtar abbas naqvi and read out a couplet  tu idhar-udhar ki baat na kar (do not divert from the topic).
at this, rama devi, who was presiding, asked khan not to look here and there and address the chair, as is the norm of the house.
to this, khan made an objectionable remark, triggering the uproar.
devi later directed that khans remark be removed from the records.
she, however, said she was like his (khans) younger sister.
union ministers smriti irani, nirmala sitharaman and ravishankarprasad prasad were among the leaders who demanded an apology from the sp leader in lok sabha.
while prasad demanded khans suspension from the house, irani called it a blot on all legislators.
azam khan should either apologise or he should be suspended from house, prasad said.
irani said, this is a blot on all legislators, including men.
we cannot remain silent spectators to it.
we have to speak in one voice that this is unacceptable.
the entire nation watched yesterday what happened.
this house passed the sexual harassment of women at workplace bill.
i appeal to all to speak in one voice- you cannot misbehave with a woman and get away with it by just dramatizing it, she added.
b'prime minister narendra modi being welcomed by bihar chief minister nitish kumar and bihar governor satyapal malik upon his arrival at jay prakash narayan international airport in patna on tuesday.
(pti photo) prime minister narendra modi being welcomed by bihar chief minister nitish kumar and bihar governor satyapal malik upon his arrival at jay prakash narayan international airport in patna on tuesday.
(pti photo)prime minister narendra modi, who reached bihar on tuesday, flagged off three rail projects including indias first 12,000 horsepower high-speed electric locomotive under the make-in-india project.
modi was in the state to take part in the concluding ceremony of the champaran satyagraha centenary celebrations at motihari.
pms visit comes at a time when relations between the jd(u) and bjp have frayed following the violence during ram navami celebrations and over the nitish kumar-led partys demand for special category status for bihar.
read | narendra modi in champaran live updates: our govt has stopped the culture of suppressing files, says pm# loco factory in madhepuramodi dedicated the madhepura electric rail locomotive factory to the nation.
with the induction, india will join an elite list of countries, including russia, china, germany and sweden, that have 12,000 hp and above capacity electric locomotives.
till now, the most powerful electric engine in india was of 6,000 hp.
a joint venture between indian railways and french manufacturing firm alstom, the loco factory in madhepura has a capacity to manufacture 110 loco per annum.
# champaran humsafar expresspm modi also flagged off a train between katihar and old delhi.
the champaran humsafar express will run between katihar and old delhi.
according to an official statement, the champaran humsafar express will facilitate a comfortable, faster and safer journey experience to common people of north bihar.
covering a distance of 1,383 km, the train will run bi-weekly  tuesdays and fridays.
# track-doubling projecthe laid the foundation stone of a project for doubling of muzzafarpur-sagauli (100.
6 km) and sagauli-valmikinagar sections (109.
7 km).
muzzafarpur-sagauli and sagauli-valmikinagar  the two sections are being built at an estimated cost of rs 2,401 crore.
they will cover districts of muzaffarnagar, east champaran and west champaran.
the project was approved by the cabinet committee on economic affairs (ccea) in february 2018.
___the prime minister was also here to spread the message of swachh bharat, on the occasion of champaran satyagraha centenary celebrations.
he fecilitated swachhagrahis (ambassadors of cleanliness movement) with a shawl and rs 51,000 cash award.
along with pm modi, union water minister uma bharti, agriculture minister radha mohan singh, bihar deputy cm sushil modi were also present on the occasion.
speaking at the ceremony nitish kumar lauded the swachh bharat mission and spoke of mahatma gandhis satyagraha movement.
sanjhauli in bihars rohtas district was named the first open defecation free (odf) block in the state under the swachh bharat mission in 2016.
great step taken towards clean ganga mission in bihar as pm @narendramodi initiated many sewerage projects in patna with outlay of 1,111 crore from champaran.
#chalochamparan pic.
twitter.com/gm7g2di4i4  ravishankarprasad prasad (@rsprasad) april 10, 2018the pm is also expected to unveil four sewerage projects in patna.
together, the plants will have a sewage-treatment capacity of 60 million litres daily under clean ganga programme.
b'bharat bandh: union minister ravishankarprasad prasad said the centre and bjp governments across states are working for the upliftment of the backward community.
(file) bharat bandh: union minister ravishankarprasad prasad said the centre and bjp governments across states are working for the upliftment of the backward community.
(file)the centre on monday filed a review petition in the supreme court against its verdict that laid down stringent safeguards before registering a case under the act.
union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said the government will argue the matter with full authority in the top court and appeal for reconsideration.
today, we have filed a review petition in the supreme court.
on behalf of the ministry of social justice and empowerment, every comprehensive review has been filed and the government, with due respect, does not agree with the reasoning given by the top court, the minister told reporters.
bharat bandh live updateshe added, surely senior lawyers of the government in the apex court will argue this matter with all their legal preparations and authority that this judgment needs to be reconsidered.
while stating that the government and bjp were committed to the welfare of the scs and sts, the minister said, it is also important to note that the government was not a party in the proceedings at all.
the union minister also claimed that the centre and bjp governments across states were working for the upliftment of the backward community.
the ministry of social justice and empowerment under thawarchand gehlot has taken a lot of initiatives for their welfare.
a very respected dalit leader was made president of india by the bjp-led government.
this is our commitment to the dalits, he said.
read | bharat bandh: sc refuses urgent hearing on plea seeking review of sc/st act verdictslamming the congress and opposition parties for politicising the issue, prasad said, some people did politics in the name of baba saheb bhim rao ambedkar but the country knows who gave real respect to dr ambedkar.
today, the congress is shouting.
i want to ask them when was ambedkar given the bharat ratna.
he added, we wish to emphatically say that the provision of reservation for the dalits in the said act is firm and will remain firm.
the modi government has no idea at all of tampering with it, which the congress is seeking to campaign in the most vicious manner.
the top court had ruled that the arrest of an accused under the scheduled castes and the scheduled tribes (prevention of atrocities) act is not mandatory and a recourse to coercive action would be taken only after preliminary inquiry and sanction by competent authority.
read | bharat bandh: mayawati condemns violence, slams centre over delay in filing review petition against sc/st rulingseveral dalit organisations called for a bharat bandh on monday to protest the top courts ruling.
however, the bandh turned violent when protesters began pelting stones and damaging properties across various states.
the protestors in the morning blocked several trains in bihar and jharkhand, affecting railway services.
two persons have been reported to be killed in the violence till now.
in view of the protest, the cbse has postponed all class 12 and 10 exams scheduled for monday in punjab.
exams will be held as scheduled in chandigarh and in the rest of the country.
union minister for electronics & information technology and law & justice ravishankarprasad prasad addresses at the launch of the cyber swachhta kendra (botnet cleaning and malware analysis centre), in new delhi on feb 21, 2017.
(source: ians) union minister for electronics & information technology and law & justice ravishankarprasad prasad addresses at the launch of the cyber swachhta kendra (botnet cleaning and malware analysis centre), in new delhi on feb 21, 2017.
(source: ians)at a time when cyber attacks are increasing, the government through its computer emergency response team (cert-in) on tuesday launched cyber swachhta kendra  a new desktop and mobile security solution for a secure cyber space in the country.
the new solution will notify, enable cleaning and secure systems of end-users to prevent further infections.
watch what else is making newsindia today joined the distinguished club of countries that have malware-cleaning systems for the use of its citizens.
as of now, we have 13 banks and internet service providers using this facility.
with the expanding digital footprint in the country, i see a surge in start-ups in the area of cyber security by the end of the year, said union it and electronics minister ravishankarprasad prasad at the event here.
this centre will work in coordination with the internet service providers (isps) and industry.
this kendra will also enhance awareness among citizens regarding botnet and malware infection along with measures to be taken to secure their devices, prasad added.
the minister also announced that the national cyber coordination centre will be operational by june 2017.
the government also announced it would set up cert-ins at the state level as well.
the government will set up 10 more stqc (standardisation testing and quality certification) testing facilities.
testing fee for any start-up that comes up with a digital technology in the quest of cyber security will be reduced by 50 per cent.
we will also empower designated forensic labs to work as the certified authority to establish cyber crime, prasad noted.
part of the solution, usb pratirodh is a desktop security solution that controls the usage of removable storage media like pen drives, external hard drives and other usb-supported mass storage devices.
m-kavach tool offers a comprehensive mobile device security solution for android devices addressing threats related to mobile phones.
appsamvid is a desktop solution which protects systems by allowing installation of genuine applications through white listing.
this helps in preventing threats from malicious applications.
the move comes at a time when over 50,300 cybersecurity incidents like phishing, website intrusions and defacements, virus and denial of service attacks have been observed in the country during 2016.
as per the information reported to and tracked by indian computer emergency response team (cert-in), a total number of 44,679, 49,455 and 50,362 cyber security incidents were observed during the years 2014, 2015 and 2016, respectively, minister of state for electronics and it pp chaudhary said in a written reply to the lok sabha earlier this month.
the cyber swachhta kendra is part of the government of indias digital india initiative under the ministry of electronics and information technology (meity).
with the increased penetration of ict infrastructure in our country, the threat of cyber security has become more serious and visible.
there is a need to collaborate and come forth with solutions like the cyber swachhta kendra in order to ensure a safe and secure cyber world for the citizens, said aruna sundararajan, secretary, meity.
according to saket modi, ceo and co-founder of delhi-based it risk assessment and digital security services provider lucideus, the launch of the botnet cleaning centre in india is a much-needed move.
the potential scale at which this centre can operate will clearly make this the largest in the world considering the size of the indian internet ecosystem which has over half a billion people online and over 250 million smartphones and one billion mobile phones across the country, modi told ians.
botnets fundamentally is a programme which is automated and runs on a computing device which can be any iot/smart device.
the popular attacks that happen these days using botnets are called the distributed detail of service (ddos) attacks.
union minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
(express photo) union minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
(express photo)law minister ravishankarprasad prasad on friday condemned the behaviour of shiv sena mp ravindra gaikwad, who is accused of assaulting an air india officer, saying people expect dignified conduct from members of parliament.
as members of august bodies like parliament, the country expects dignified behaviour from all of us, he tweeted.
prasad said he is deeply distressed over the delhi airport incident involving the mp.
his tweets, however, did not name gaikwad.
on thursday , gaikwad had repeatedly beaten a 60-year-old air india duty manager with slippers as he was upset over not being able to travel business class despite having insisted on boarding an all-economy flight.
the national carrier has filed two firs against the mp, while the shiv sena has sought an explanation from him.
hours after senior congress leader p chidambaram claimed that the bjp would not have abrogated the special status to jammu and kashmir had the state been a hindu-dominated state, the party hit back and called his statement very irresponsible and provocative.
today, jammu and kashmir has been turned into a municipality.
there are special provisions for other states under article 371, why only j and k. this is because of religious fanaticism, the former union minister had said.
advertisingif j&k was a hindu-dominated state, bjp would not have done this.
they did it only because the region is dominated by muslims, he added.
while union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad alleged that chidambarams comments were very irresponsible and provocative, bjp leaders mukhtar abbas naqvi and shivraj singh chouhan said the congress was giving the issue a communal angle.
union minister naqvi also added that the government has rectified a very big mistake made decades ago by the congress, news agency pti reported.
what he has said is an attempt to give communal colour to the issue even though the decision is in the national interest, naqvi added.
advertisingravi shankar prasad said that the decision taken by the government is in the interest of the people of jammu and kashmir and their development, and asked if it was not true that over 42,000 people, mostly muslims, had died during decades of violence in the valley.
the congress leader was speaking at a public meeting in chennai on sunday when he made the remark.
follow jammu and kashmir live updates here.
alleging that the saffron party revoked the special status to the state with its muscle power, chidambaram said the situation in jammu and kashmir was unstable and that international media were covering the unrest, unlike indian news agencies.
they (bjp) claim kashmir is stable.
is it?
does it mean stable if indian media houses dont cover the unrest in j&k?
he said.
bjp is bragging of integrating kashmir with muscle power, he added.
the former union minister also alleged that police resorted to firing to disperse around 10,000 people in soura area of srinagar.
hitting out at prime minister narendra modi for selectively talking about laws that do not apply to the state, the congress leader said, i can list out 90 other laws that apply to j&k.
chidambaram also targetted regional parties for not protesting against the bjps decision in the rajya sabha out of fear.
i know we do not have a majority in lok sabha, but had the seven parties (aiadmk, ysrcp, trs, bjd, aap, tmc, jdu) cooperated, the opposition would have been in majority in rs.
this is something disappointing, he said.
tmc did a walkout, but whats the difference, he asked.
advertisingemphasising that there was never a conflict between former prime minister jawaharlal nehru and former home minister sardar vallabhai patel, chidambaram said, patel was never an rss functionary.
they (bjp) dont have any leader, they are stealing our leader.
no matter who steals, history doesnt forget to whom the product belongs.
more than a dozen central bjp leaders will visit about 40 parliamentary constituencies in west bengal from april 7 to 14 to strengthen the party organisation in the state.
although the party state unit had prepared a list of 36 central leaders, including union home minister rajnath singh and textiles minister smriti irani, to visit the state, they got confirmation from only 13 till wednesday evening.
according to the party, rajnath and smriti have not confirmed their visit.
among those who have are union ministers ravishankarprasad prasad, radha mohan singh, minister of state m j akbar and jayant sinha.
this is part of a national campaign by the bjp to increase the partys footprint in constituencies from where it had lost in the 2014 general elections.
we are hopeful that more central leaders will come to bengal and visit the ls seats.
those who have confirmed will meet our leaders and workers of the lok sabha seats, said state bjp vice-president raj kamal pathak.
union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
express photo by prem nath pandey union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
express photo by prem nath pandeythe law ministry thursday wrote to chief justice of india dipak misra saying it would not be appropriate, at this stage, to elevate uttarakhand high court chief justice km joseph to the supreme court.
sources have told the indian express that, in his letter to the chief justice asking that justice josephs name be reconsidered by the collegium, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad has said justice km joseph is placed at number 42 in the all india high court judges seniority list and there are presently 11 chief justices of various high courts who are senior to him.
the congress thursday took on the government for not clearing justice km josephs elevation to the supreme court despite the top court recommending his name.
speaking at a press conference in the national capital, senior party leader kapil sibal said the government must immediately reconsider his appointment.
they are unwilling to accept the collegiums recommendations but only want judges that are favourable to them.
this is the first visit of the prime minister to the city after the bjp came to power in the state last month.
this is the first visit of the prime minister to the city after the bjp came to power in the state last month.
prime minister narendra modi will on saturday attend the closing ceremony of allahabad high courts sesquicentennial celebrations in allahabad.
the prime ministers aircraft will land at the bamrauli airport on the outskirts of the city at 10 am where he will be received by uttar pradesh governor ram naik and chief minister yogi adityanath, among others, the district information office said.
thereafter, modi will be driven to the high court premises, about 20 kms from the airport, where he will be joined by chief justice of india j s khehar and union minister for law and justice ravishankarprasad prasad and a number of judges of supreme court and justices of various high courts.
deputy chief minister keshav prasad maurya is also likely to welcome the prime minister at the airport.
members of the state cabinet siddharth nath singh and nand gopal gupta nandi are already camping in the city.
while maurya is a lok sabha member from phulpur, which covers a major part of the city, singh and nandi respectively represent allahabad (west) and allahabad (south) in the state assembly.
this is the first visit of the prime minister to the city after the bjp came to power in the state last month.
during his two-day tour here last year, for attending the bjps national executive meeting, modi had paid a brief, informal visit to the high court and interacted with judges and members of the bar.
the year-long sesquicentennial celebrations were inaugurated in march, 2015 by president pranab mukherjee.
b'the bjp on saturday spoke in different voices over owning of responsibility by prime minister manmohan singh on the cvc issue with leader of the opposition in lok sabha sushma swaraj saying the matter should rest now while her party said he should respond in parliament.
i appreciate the statement of the prime minister owning responsibility for the appointment of cvc which has been quashed by supreme court.
i think this is enough.
let matters rest at this and we move forward, swaraj said on twitter.
the prime minister,who is on a visit to jammu,said he accepts his responsibility in the appointment of thomas,which was quashed by the supreme court yesterday.
i respect the judgement of the supreme court.
it is necessary to ensure that such things dont happen again.
this is not a question that relates to coalition compulsions, singh said.
though swaraj was in a mood to end the matter,her partys chief spokesperson ravishankarprasad prasad expressed different sentiments,saying this was not enough.
we will wait for the prime ministers structured response in parliament on the issue.
just a casual comment on owning responsibility is not enough.
there should also be determination of this responsibility, prasad said.
union minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
(express photo) union minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
(express photo)union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad on tuesday asserted that the supreme court has permitted delivery of many pro-poor benefits through the application of adhaar card adding that though it is important to have adhaar, it is not mandatory for the receipt of any governments benefit.
i would not make any comment on the pending challenge on the adhaar in the supreme court.
but this is required to be clarified that the supreme court itself has permitted delivery of many pro-poor benefits to the poor by the application of adhaar.
but adhaar is not meant to be mandatory for the receipt of this mandate, said prasad.
he further said that if adhaar is not available, other identity proofs like a driving license or the ration card can be used to avail government benefits.
we have taken care of the peoples privacy and security through the law passed by parliament, he said.
on monday, union human resource and development (hrd) minister prakash javadekar said the use of adhaar for mid-day meal schemes in school has been initiated to check malpractices and ensure in transparency.
javadekar said the motive is to ensure that children are not denied mid-day meals.
the hrd minsiter said we want to bring transparency and want children to get mid-day meal.
but we dont want fraudulent activities to take place under its garb.
as far as mid-day meal and aadhaar link is concerned, i have made clear in parliament that no genuine student will be denied mid-day meal in any case, only on the ground that they dont have aadhaar.
we will give mid-day meal scheme to all students and also aadhaar card to all students, he added.
the hrd ministry made the unique identification number mandatory earlier this month for the students in order to avail mid-day meal scheme.
the government on saturday made it clear to the telecom industry that it wants fair competition and will not encourage monopoly as it asked telcos to keep razor sharp focus on improving service quality to consumers and ensure robust participation in indias 5g blueprint and usd 5 trillion economy goal.
advertisingtelecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad met ceos of telecom companies including bharti airtel, reliance jio, vodafone idea and state-owned bharat sanchar nigam ltd to listen to their business concerns and has, in turn, assured telecom departments full support in resolving outstanding issues through cut in levies and release of input tax credit that is locked up.
the meeting, which went on for over one hour, was attended by bharti airtel ceo gopal vittal, vodafone idea ceo balesh sharma, reliance jio board member mahendra nahata and bsnl chairman p k purwar.
speaking to reporters after the meeting, prasad said, i highlighted to them, the need for a robust involvement of the industry in 5g innovation, start ups and creation of 5g products that can create india-specific patents.
i said that in the usd 5 trillion economy target, 25 per cent should be telecoms sectors contribution.
advertisingprasads first interaction with the industry after he took charge of the telecom portfolio comes at a time when the sector is reeling under severe financial stress with cumulative debt of over rs 7 lakh crore.
prasad said that he has already taken up with finance ministry some of the outstanding issues such as release of input tax credit that is pending and lowering of gst rate and added that a proposal pertaining to reduction of universal service obligation (uso) levy is also under the telecom departments consideration.
from our side, we have conveyed what we have done for themin particular you are aware i have written that inputs tax credit set off is pending and i have written to ministry of finance.
i have also written to them for reduction of gst to 12 per cent from 18 per cent.
on usof reduction, trai has given recommendation and a committee will take a call, prasad said.
prasad has also asked telecom companies to prioritise quality of telecom services.
also 43,000 villages are unconnected at present.
i have told the industry to pool in their resources so that in one year, we can reach all the uncovered villages and they have agreed.
department of telecom (dot) will provide all assistance, prasad promised.
asked if spectrum prices  considered to be exorbitant by most players  came up for discussion, the minister said that while the industry did talk about it there is a committee which is looking into the matter.
the minister also asked the companies to look at improving connectivity and digital ecosystem in religious sites like kedarnath and badrinath.
these locations get millions of visitors and need improvement in connectivity and digital solutions, he pointed out.
the minister assured the industry of government support on the issue of installation of telecom towers, and directed department officials to ensure a fair system that would enable optimum use of government buildings to improve telephony services.
the industry flagged the issue of lapsed bank guarantees which they want returned and the ministry has asked the dot to urgently look into the matter.
i have assured the industry three thingswe want a fair competition.
government will not encourage any monopoly and will do its best for ease of doing business, prasad said.
the minister also asked players to sort out disputes and litigations.
the telecom sector is burdened with staggering debt levels and cut throat competition.
competition has only intensified since 2016, when reliance jio, owned by richest indian mukesh ambani, stormed into the market and offered lifetime free calls and dirt cheap data.
jios offerings forced rivals to slash rates, affecting profit margins.
since the launch, rivals have either teamed up via merger, resorted to acquisitions or folded up.
the financial stressed industry has been asking for a breather in form of cut in levies including licence fee, spectrum usage charges.
after the meeting with the telecom minister, indias largest mobile operator vodafone idea ceo balesh sharma told reporters that the company favours 35 per cent cap for 5g spectrum bands to ensure fair competition.
advertisingon 5g, our specific request has been there has to be a fair playing field.
therefore with four operators in the country, we should look at a cap of 35 per cent maximum on every band so there is a fair competition and everybody plays fair, sharma said.
a total of 16 district magistrates were honoured with the indian express excellence in governance awards wednesday for their pioneering work across categories that range from agriculture to education and technology to women development.
advertisingthe winners have been chosen from 249 entries received from 84 districts in 24 states.
the winning entries include projects like a cluster of solar panels installed on a hillock as an alternate energy source; a neo-natal unit in the heart of maoist territory and an anti-corruption drive along the international border.
the awards, a biennial event that celebrates the finest work done by the women and men at the forefront of governance and change across the country, were given by four union ministersnitin gadkari, ram vilas paswan, ravishankarprasad prasad, and dr jitendra singh.
read in malayalam, bangla and tamil.
among the winners are kartikeya misra (skill development and left-wing extremism district), sandeep nanduri (implementation of central schemes), ayyaj tamboli (health), astik kumar pandey (community involvement), raj kr.
yadav (north east districts), vivek yadav (energy), dr. a.sharath (education), tukaram mundhe (technology implementation), dr. prashant bholanath narnaware (agriculture), c. r. kharsan (inclusive innovation), rakesh kanwar (social welfare), dr. madhavi khode chaware (child development), ashish saxena (women development), dr shahid iqbal choudhary (jammu and kashmir districts), and dr. s. lakhmanan (border districts).
union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad on friday said registration of youths from jammu and kashmir for recruitment in the armed forces showed how people there were responding to the withdrawal of the states special status through abrogation of article 370advertisingcalling it a historic initiative shown by prime minister narendra modi, prasad said: how the people have responded?
they are joining the army.
29,000 muslim young men and women have registered for getting recruited in armed forces.
a new dawn is rising in kashmir for development.
prasad was delivering key-note address on law reforms by modi government for new india at an event organised on mumbai universitys fort campus.
claiming that he shudders to think what would have happened if sardar vallabhbhai patel was not there when the british rule ended in the country, prasad said that while patel handled 560 (princely) states, jawaharlal nehru handled one (j&k) and its impact is for everyone to see.
advertisingdue to the special status under article 370, acts including child marriage prevention act, prevention of corruption act, right to education and right to information, were not applicable in j&k.
but, the most unfortunate, (was that) two laws against manual scavenging were also not applicable (in the state).
women were also not allowed to inherit property if they married outside (the state), he said.
he claimed that lakhs of the indian taxpayers money was wasted in j&k, where only separatism and terrorism thrived.
prasad also claimed that law against triple talaq was not a single step in the quest for gender justice, but was part of larger narrative of the narendra modi government for gender empowerment.
he also mentioned that the centre had introduced several other legal reforms, including on taxation, bankruptcy, aadhaar, anti-sexual harassment laws in the country.
president ram nath kovind on wednesday lauded the government and the supreme court collegium for working together to ensure that all the vacancies in the top court are filled.
advertisingspeaking at the inaugural ceremony of the supreme courts new additional building complex, the president said, while the quality of our judges and the independence of our judiciary are recognised around the world, the problem of numbers and vacancies has arisen from time to time.
even so, today we are in the happy position that all 31 vacancies in the supreme court have been filled by able judges.
this has happened after a full decade, and for this achievement i too must congratulate the collegium and the government for working together with such understanding and urgency.
hundred judgments of the apex court translated into nine indian languages were handed over to the president as part of the apex courts project to provide translated copies of judgments to litigants.
welcoming this, kovind said translations of judgments is a subject very close to my heart.
he recalled seeing litigants struggle with judgments because they did not understand english and had to engage a lawyer to explain it, incurring extra costs.
advertisingthe president hoped that judgments would be translated into more indian languages in the future.
speaking at the event, chief justice of ranjan gogoi said, history has witnessed how great institutions have been brought to the knees by the wicked and the vile.
history has also seen how even great nations have been brought down in (an) utterly deceptive manner.
the threat from such people has always been the greatest to institutions like the judiciary which do not pander to any particular interest or bow to powerful coteries that breed in nooks and dark corners.
it is, therefore, necessary for each stakeholder to remain on guard and introspect his her respective role in the growth and glory of this great institution.
union minister of state for law and justice ravishankarprasad prasad congratulated the chief justice of india for the interest he was taking in filling up the vacancies in the subordinate judiciary.
stating that appointments must go on, he said, perhaps today the time had come to seriously reflect on the need for an all india judicial service.
the additional building complex boasts of state-of-the-art facilities, including occupancy sensors that turn off the lights automatically if there is no one around, and parking facility for 1800 cars.
the foundation stone for the building, aimed at addressing space constraints in the supreme court building, was laid in september 2012.
it has been built at an estimated cost of rs 900 crore on a plot measuring 12.
19 acres near pragati maidan.
bjp on saturday dismissed governments contention that p chidambaram as finance minister had no hand in the 2g scam and demanded that his role be properly investigated in the case.
what the bjp is demanding is determining chidambarams role as then finance minister in the spectrum scam, bjp spokesperson ravishankarprasad prasad said.
criticising governments move to come out in strong defence of the home minister,prasad said,it is surprising that after pranab mukherjee,now it is the turn of kapil sibal to appease a sulking chidambaram.
he said,what was the sudden need to defend chidambaram by kapil sibal.
are these statements of appeasement designed to defend a sulking colleague.
prasad charged that chidambaram did not take appropriate steps to ensure auction of spectrum in an honest and transparent manner.
while over-ruling the objections of senior officers that there should be a transparent mechanism,he (chidambaram) insisted that spectrum for 2g in 2007 be allocated at 2001 prices,inspite of a phenomenal rise in tele-density in the country, he alleged.
the bjp leader insisted this was confirmed by the finance ministrys note earlier,which was also whetted by the prime ministers office.
he claimed the march 25 note of the finance ministry had condemned chidambarams role as the then finance minister in spectrum pricing.
we want to ask sibal and his colleagues in the government whether it is true that senior officials of the finance ministry,one of whom is now the rbi governor had said spectrum pricing should be made through fair market mechanism keeping in mind the tele-density, prasad said.
earlier in the day,sibal at a press conference attacked the bjp-led nda of attempting to foist culpability on chidambaram in the 2g scam,saying it was a desperate attempt to make parliamentary democracy dysfunctional.
he also rejected all allegations against chidambaram,who was the finance minister at the time of spectrum allocation,and alleged that elements in the nda were trying to malign and defame him.
b'union minister ravishankarprasad prasad (express photo: anil sharma/file) union minister ravishankarprasad prasad (express photo: anil sharma/file)amidst controversies surrounding cambridge analytica and facebook on the data breach issue, union minister ravishankarprasad prasad on sunday said the government would not tolerate any unauthorised use of data for abuse or to influence elections.
speaking at an interactive event bengaluru it global hub  road ahead, organised by bjps karnataka unit, prasad warned that the government would act tough against anybody abusing data for collateral purposes.
the narendra modi government is very clear.
any unauthorised use of data without the consent of the owner for abuse and collateral purposes or influencing the elections will not be tolerated.
we are very clear about it, he said.
he said five important points are associated with data (data) availability, utility, innovation, anonymity and privacy.
prasad said data is important if india wished to grow.
in a particular area if people are getting infected, because of data we can have a good policy for that.
but it should be an anonymous data.
if innovation is to be done, data availability is important.
let there be privacy in terms of your health condition, your official preferences, relationships which are matrimonial in nature and family matters.
but the issue of privacy is overblown by those who talk of right to information and also talk of privacy, he added.
he said government had issued show cause notices to cambridge analytica and facebook on the data breach issue.
prasad on march 29 said the government had given notices to facebook and cambridge analytica on the data breach issue and would decide on the action to be taken after receiving their responses.
the it ministry had on march 28 issued a notice to social networking giant facebook, seeking its response over the user data breach and details of steps it has put in place to ensure safety and prevent misuse of personal data.
it raised five questions for facebook, including whether personal data of indian voters and users has been compromised by cambridge analytica or any other downstream entity in any manner and gave the networking giant a deadline of april 7 to send a detailed response.
a similar notice was earlier sent to cambridge analytica over media reports of questionable practices attributed to the uk-based firm in their efforts to influence elections by harvesting data of facebook users.
read | who needs your data?
and should you be worried?
to a question on the misuse of digital platform, prasad emphasised that he advocated free media and free speech.
but if anyone abuses social media to encourage extremism,terrorism and communalism, that becomes a matter of concern, he said.
the minister said that a committee, headed by retired judge sri krishna, has been asked to submit a report on data protection law which would come out soon.
the it minister also rejected the suggestion to link aadhaar with voter id, saying though he was personally not in favour of it, those opposing aadhaar would accuse the narendra modi government of snooping on everyone.
the aadhaar and voter id cards operate in different fields, he said, adding a voter id has much more details, which is lacking in the aadhaar card.
both of them (aadhaar and voter id) operate in different fields.
you go to cast your voteif you show your aadhaar card, you will not be allowed to cast your vote unless you show your voter id card.
read | q&a: what is the cambridge analytica-facebook controversy all about?
the larger issue is that if everything is linked to aadhaar, then the great supporters of anti-aadhaar will say that the narendra modi government is snooping on everything, boarding, what you are eating, which cinema you are going.
i dont want that, said the union minister.
prasad said that aadhaar during upa government did not have any legal backing, whereas the nda government brought a separate law for it.
he also expressed anguish over the pathetic infrastructure in bengaluru, despite the city being the it hub of india.
he said enormous delay in metro rail project and flooding in bengaluru had hit the headlines.
ravi shankar prasad ravishankarprasad prasadunion minister ravishankarprasad prasad on friday said muslims do not vote for the bjp, but the government has given them proper sanctity.
we have got 13 chief ministers of our own.
we are ruling the country.
have we victimised any muslim gentleman working in the industry or service?
have we dismissed them?
we dont get muslim votes.
i acknowledge very clearly, but have we given them proper sanctity or not?
prasad asked at the mindmine summit in delhi.
he was responding to a question related to development having an impact on culture and diversity.
we salute diversity and culture of india.
there are two ways of looking at it.
let me be very frank today.
there has been campaign against us for a very long time, but today we are here because of blessings of people of india, prasad said.
in recent assembly elections, the bjp scored an impressive win in uttar pradesh and uttarakhand.
the party also formed government in goa and manipur.
its main rival congress was able to get a clear majority in punjab only.
as it minister, prasad said, he has visited many muslim-dominated villages where many muslim youth are running common service centres which help people avail of government services through internet.
the minister cited the example of prime minister narendra modi short-listing a muslim tea garden labourer in jalpaiguri, karimul haque, for his exemplary work.
prasad said haque has converted his motorcycle into an ambulance, rushes whosoever falls sick to hospital and in the process, has saved nearly 2,000 lives.
we never saw religion of haque or whether he voted for us or not.
if there are certain uncalled for voices, the prime minister addresses the concerns, the cms (chief ministers) address concerns.
yogi (adityanath) is a popular leader.
you are seeing his instances of good governance and inclusive development, prasad said.
the minister said he has issues with those in the left and journalists spreading hatred against modi.
we have a problem with some of our friends.
mostly, the leftist friends and journalists who entertain a pathological hatred against narendra modi.
good luck to them, prasad quipped.
according to prasad, the left is left out all over the world and had been defeated in india.
they are left out in bengal, are surviving in kerala and tripura, but the left has got a very good campus in delhi, which is the jnu (jawaharlal nehru university) and i always say the left also needs some consolation prize.
so, jnu is their consolation prize, we dont mind that, prasad said.
india is in the third phase of political evolution where people are looking for politics of aspirational reality with good governance.
people of india know they can unseat any political party howsoever popular any political leader howsoever popular.
this realisation brings about a different kind of humility.
you better learn to perform and trust people.
otherwise, they will show you the door and they have been showing the door, prasad pointed out.
he is of the view that the politics of want relating to breads and of identity based on caste, community, religion and region is over now.
b'bharat bandh: visuals of protest in ahmedabad.
(express photo by javed raja) bharat bandh: visuals of protest in ahmedabad.
(express photo by javed raja)at least seven persons were killed and several others, including policemen, were injured in violent clashes on monday during the nationwide bandh called by dalit groups against the supreme court verdict diluting certain provisions of the scheduled caste and scheduled tribe (prevention of atrocities) act.
in madhya pradesh, four people died during the protests, while one was killed in rajasthans alwar and one in uttar pradeshs muzzafarnagar.
violence was also reported from parts of punjab, bihar, jharkhand among other places.
section 144 was imposed and mobile internet was suspended in areas where violence was rife.
as protests intensified, the centre asked state governments to take preventive steps and ensure the safety of lives of people and property.
centre asks sc to reconsider decisionthe centre also filed a review petition in the apex court against its verdict.
union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said the government will argue the matter with full authority in the top court and appeal for reconsideration.
the centre was not a party in the proceedings at all.
and therefore, a very comprehensive review has been filed.
and the government of india with great respect does not agree with the reasoning given by the supreme court in the matter, he said.
home miniter rajnath singh also said that the government is committed to the welfare of dalits.
appealing for peace and calm on twitter, he wrote, i am deeply pained by the acts of violence and loss of precious lives in some parts of the country today during protests.
rahul calls bjp anti-dalitcongress president rahul gandhi, meanwhile, slammed the rss and the bjp for the condition of dalits in the country.
it is in the dna of the rss/bjp to keep dalits at the lowest level in indian society.
anyone who challenges this thought is crushed with violence.
our dalit brothers and sisters are today on the streets demanding protection of their rights from the modi government.
we salute them.
rss/bjp  dna                  -                     #bharatbandh  rahul gandhi (@rahulgandhi) april 2, 2018follow bharat bandh live updatesbharat bandh: protests on roads, railway tracks during the nationwide bandh in ludhiana.
(express photos by gurmeet singh) bharat bandh: protests on roads, railway tracks during the nationwide bandh in ludhiana.
(express photos by gurmeet singh)mayawati denies bsps role in violence, lashes out at modi govtthe opposition, however, attacked the centre for not taking enough measures in the wake of the bandh call today.
bsp chief mayawati lashed out at the government calling it anti-dalit.
the backwards are not getting their constitutional rights.
bjp is always doing politics of caste.
the dalit and adivasi communities are angry over the supreme court judgment on the sc/st act.
they have been raising this concern but the central government chose to keep mum.
the former uttar pradesh chief minister also said that her party is not responsible for the violence in uttar pradesh.
the central government took a lot of time in filing the review petition against the supreme court verdict on the sc/st act.
had they filed the review petition in time, there wouldnt be any protests or bharat bandh, she added.
the sentiment was echoed by congress leader ghulam nabi azad.
i charge the central government, and not the supreme court, that this law was weakened and diluted because the central government did not represent the case properly before the court, congress leader ghulam nabi azad said.
he also termed todays bharat bandh as a success against the governments failure and weakness.
congress leader mallikarjun kharge said the law had an impact on 23 per cent of the indian population and alleged that the government took this case lightly.
see pics | protests against sc/st act turn violentbharat bandh: protestors blocked rail traffic in vadodara (express photo by bhupendra rana) bharat bandh: protestors blocked rail traffic in vadodara (express photo by bhupendra rana)kejriwal supports dalit protestsdelhi cm arvind kejriwal extended his support to the dalit protest, saying that fundamental intent of the act should be preserved.
the govt should also hire top lawyers for the petition in the apex court, aap chief wrote on twitter.
the cpm also condemned the violence and said, the situation has arisen because of the failure of the modi government to present an effective case against the dilution of the prevention of atrocities act.
from rohith vemula to una flogging and destruction of ambedkar statues, we have seen how this govt has dealt with issues pertaining to dalits.
rss  bjp ideology has been the driving force in targeting of dalits in this regime, cpm leader sitaram yechury wrote on twitter.
why has it taken such protests for the govt to file a review petition on the sc/st prevention of atrocities act?
if its intentions were honest, why did it not make the case properly in the supreme court in the first place?
sitaram yechury (@sitaramyechury) april 2, 2018read | four killed in madhya pradesh as protests turn violent, curfew imposedcms of bjp rules states appeal for peaceamid the reports of violence in uttar pradesh, chief minister yogi adityanath called for peace in the state.
the law and order should not be disturbed by these protests.
the government is serious towards the development and progress of dalits.
i appeal to them not to disturb the law and order, he said.
madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan and rajasthan chief minsiter vasundhara raje also reiterated that the government is dedicated for the welfare of the dalit community.
punjab cm amarinder singh also requested the people to ensure that the law and order situation is maintained in the state.
in order to protect honest public servants discharging bonafide duties from being blackmailed with false cases under the act, the apex courts judgment, pronounced on march 20, had diluted its stringent provisions mandating immediate arrest.
the verdict is being widely criticised by the dalits and the opposition who claim that the dilution of the act will lead to more discrimination and crimes against the backward community.
it minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
(file photo) it minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
(file photo)it minister ravishankarprasad prasad today dismissed reports of large-scale job losses at indian it firms, calling them motivated.
there has been a lot of debate, and by any standards of economy, this talk of job decline in the it sector is motivated, prasad said after a meeting with the captains of the indian tech sector.
he noted that the it sector has been indias largest employer, employing 40 lakh people directly.
you know by any standard scrutiny, the way indian digital economy is rising, the question of slackness in jobs is absolutely factually incorrect.
obviously, those who dont perform, will have to go.
this annual tripping in case of any institution is natural, prasad said.
he cited examples of tata consultancy services and infosys who have clarified that companies continue to hire, and people who were asked to leave were told to do so for lack of performance.
tech mahindra chief cp gurnani said employees need to re-skill themselves in areas like artificial intelligence (ai) and blockchain as these technologies offer newer avenues of growth.
we need to re-skill and re-purpose ourselves.
we have a list of different skills, where we need people if you re-skill yourself in blockchain or ai, there is no shortage of jobs globally, he said.
infosys co-founder kris gopalakrishnan said that there is no job loss in the country.
instead, the growth has slowed down which is adversely impacting new hiring.
growth has slowed down but data shows every large company is hiring net.
tcs and infosys are hiring over 20,000 more people each.
i dont believe there is job cut.
yes, growth has come down.
recruitments from colleges have also slowed becuase the industry has slowed down.
otherwise, there are no job losses that i can see, gopalakrishnan said.
he added that global economy has slowed down and there are uncertainities in the horizon.
visa regime in several countries have tightened becuase they have issues of job losses.
the base itself is every large.
on that base, growth of 6 per cent is itself very large, gopalakrishnan said.
there have been reports of layoffs across companies like wipro, infosys, cognizant and tech mahindra that have initiated annual performance reviews, a process that weeds out bottom performers or non-performers.
this has compounded fears that thousands of employees in the sector could be shown the door over the next few weeks.
the it sector is already battling challenges in business environment and stricter work permit regime in countries like the us, singapore, australia and new zealand.
various employee unions have approached labour commissioners and state governments to intervene in the matter.
samajwadi party mp from rampur azam khan was at the centre of an uproar in the lok sabha on thursday after he made an objectionable remark against bjp mp rama devi during the debate on the triple talaq bill.
advertisingas bjp mps demanded that khan apologise to devi, khan and sp leader akhilesh yadav, who was defending khan, did not relent and walked out of the house.
i did not make any objectionable remarks.
they must have made it.
i dont know, khan said outside the house.
later, he told the media: the bjp is targeting me as i have committed the crime of winning the election.
participating in the debate on the bill, khan referred to the intervention of union minister mukhtar abbas naqvi and read out a couplet  tu idhar-udhar ki baat na kar (do not divert from the topic).
at this, rama devi, who was presiding, asked khan not to look here and there and address the chair, as is the norm of the house.
to this, khan made an objectionable remark, triggering the uproar.
advertisingdevi later directed that khans remark be removed from the records.
she, however, said she was like his (khans) younger sister.
meanwhile, speaker om birla returned to preside and requested khan and akhilesh to apologise.
if he has said anything unparliamentary then i request you to expunge that from the record, akhilesh said.
law minister ravishankarprasad prasad and mos parliamentary affairs arjun ram meghwal, too, demanded khans apology.
i have been in politics for decades.
i can never make such remarks about someone.
she is like a sister to me, khan told the house.
if i have said anything unsavoury, i will resign there is no point participating in this debate after such humiliation, khan said and walked out.
the national commission for women and delhi commission for women also condemned khans comment, calling it lecherous and disgraceful.
the ncw demanded khans disqualification.
china is blackmailing india into using huawei for its 5g infrastructure, an influential us congressman alleged tuesday, even as beijing hoped that new delhi will not succumb to any pressure from america.
advertisingthe us has banned huawei, the world leader in telecom equipment and the number two smartphone producer, over concerns of security, and washington has been putting pressure on other countries to restrict the operations of the chinese telecom firm.
the trump administration has been asking all its allies and friends, including india, to block the entry of huawei from using their 5g infrastructure, which is a next generation cellular technology with download speeds stated to be 10 to 100 times faster than the current 4g lte networks.
read | v kamakoti: with 5g, more people will be dependent on network, so security will be very importantadvertisingchina is now blackmailing india into using huawei for its 5g infrastructure  they know no bounds!
congressman jim banks said.
the 5g networking standard is seen as critical because it can support the next generation of mobile devices in addition to new applications like driverless cars.
also read | us, china resume trade talks with scant hopes for progressthe chinese communist party moves to strong-arming countries into exposing themselves to surveillance and espionage, he alleged.
however, china on tuesday hoped that india would make an independent and objective judgement on permitting its telecom giant huawei in 5g trials and services in the country.
according to a recent report quoting union communications minister ravishankarprasad prasad, india plans to develop its own 5g network.
senator marsha blackburn alleged that china, along with state-run company huawei, is looking to push its spy embedded technology onto america and its allies.
we need to draw a hard line to protect our national security interests and intellectual property, she said.
early this week, secretary of state mike pompeo said that if a country adopts huawei technology, the us wont be able to share information with them.
we wont be able to work alongside them, he said.
b'union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
(express photo by prem nath pandey/file) union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
(express photo by prem nath pandey/file)the new data protection law will be finalised soon, it minister ravishankarprasad prasad said on thursday, asserting that india must strike a fine balance between data availability, innovation and privacy issues.
the country is making all out efforts to strengthen cyber laws and data protection framework, he said at the mindmine summit while outlining indias aspirations for becoming a big centre for data analysis.
we are erecting the architecturecyber laws are being improvedcyber training and cyber forensics are being taken care of, he said.
a high level committee under justice b n srikrishna (former judge of supreme court) is crafting a data protection framework, prasad said, adding, very soon we will have a robust data protection law.
he said: we must have a fine balance between data availability, data innovation, data anonymity and data privacy.
we need data to improve business but the data must be anonymous, objective, and taken with consent.
prasads comments come at a time when data privacy has taken centre stage in global digital narrative.
over the last few weeks, the us social networking giant facebook has drawn intense criticism from users and governments globally over the data leak scandal that hit millions of users.
information of over 80 million facebook users was allegedly harvested by data analytics and political consulting firm, cambridge analytica, leading to a global backlash against the company.
the indian government too is questioning the two companies on data breach issue.
noting indias growing clout in the global arena, prasad said the country is setting the world agenda on sustainable development, climate justice, fighting terrorism, fight against black money and other important issues.
today indias size is increasingly matching indias clout.
india weight is increasingly being appreciated globally, he said.
seeking to allay apprehensions that advent of new technology may displace jobs, he pointed out that artificial intelligence and other emerging areas may require new skilling but they will create hundreds and thousands of new jobs.
india, he said, has every potential to become a one trillion dollar digital economy in 5-7 years, creating new employment avenues.
alluding to the recent international monetary fund (imf) report which pegged indias growth at 7.
4 per cent in 2018 and 7.
8 per cent in 2019, he said that projections reflect the clarity on policy front.
listing out the governments initiatives such as bpos in smaller towns, common services centres, establishing high-speed broadband infrastructure under bharat net and jump in electronics manufacturing, prasad said indias annual mobile phone production is likely to grow manifold in the coming years.
during the event, kpmg today launched a report, india soars higher, which is aimed at apprising investors about the prospects which the recent structural changes have brought.
the aft (principal bench) bar association will also observe a protest by wearing black ribbons on september 22, with their regional counterparts likely to join it.
the aft (principal bench) bar association will also observe a protest by wearing black ribbons on september 22, with their regional counterparts likely to join it.
irked by non-appointment of judicial members to the armed forces tribunal leading to work there almost coming to a standstill, the aft bar association has written to chief justice t s thakur demanding immediate remedy.
the association has also requested that it be brought under the law ministry instead of the defence ministry, which in most of the aft litigations is the opposite party.
the aft (principal bench) bar association will also observe a protest by wearing black ribbons on september 22, with their regional counterparts likely to join it.
in the letter to thakur, copy of which has been sent to defence minister manohar parrikar and law minister ravishankarprasad prasad, rajiv manglik, secretary of the aft (pb) bar association, said there were only five benches functional out of a total of 17 which had resulted in a lack of access to justice to military personnel, disabled soldiers and even widows of defence personnel.
while it is claimed that there are not enough applicants for the posts, it is learnt that appointments already approved by the selection committee have not yet been notified, the letter said.
it said that the reason articulated by the central government to create aft was speedy and less expensive dispensation of justice, but with the passing years, it emerges that perhaps the actual reason was simply to take out the jurisdiction of such matters from the inherently independent constitutional courts and bring them under a departmental tribunal which functions under the ministry of defence.
the biggest disappointment with the creation of aft has come in the form of a lack of any effective remedy of judicial review over its orders thereby making it the first and the last court for litigants, it said.
though an appeal in points of law of general public importance or in matters which the supreme court considers so exceptional that the highest court of the land ought to hear them, was provided in the form of section 31 of the act, it was expected that all other issues would be challengeable before the high courts, it said.
b'the bjp and the cpi mounted pressure on the government to make public identities of all those indians who have stashed huge amounts of black money in swiss banks.
in anand (gujarat),senior bjp leader l k advani hoped the supreme court hearing a petition in this regard would take appropriate steps and force the government to bring the money back.
in bhubaneshwar,bjp president nitin gadkari said,upa government should,without any hesitation,make public names of all those who have stashed black money in swiss bank accounts.
claiming that about rs 21 lakh thousand crore had been deposited in swiss banks,gadkari said instead of trying to suppress facts,the government should publicise the names particularly after the wikileaks report on the matter.
any reluctance in declaring the names of swiss bank account holders will simply raise doubts about the integrity of people at the helm, he said.
asked if names of bjp leaders may appear in the list,gadkari said action must be taken without any consideration.
why this dogged refusal to reveal the names of those who have accounts abroad the country has a right to know and expects the names to be made public, bjp spokesperson ravishankarprasad prasad said in delhi.
other than the pil in the supreme court,the issue of indian black money stashed abroad is in the news after a former swiss banker gave details of 2,000 such account holders from the us,britain and asia to wikileaks founder julian assange.
the cpi demanded that government initiate action to confiscate the money and bring it back to the country.
all these accounts should be confiscated and used for the common good of the nation.
cpi demands that the government should take up the issue with the swiss banks association and swiss government immediately and settle it, a statement by the partys central secretariat said.
over 1,000 mobile towers and 500 telephone exchanges of cash-strapped bharat sanchar nigam ltd (bsnl) are not functional due to non-payment of electricity bills, parliament was informed on wednesday.
advertisinga comprehensive revival plan for two state-owned firms bsnl and mahanagar telephone nigam ltd (mtnl) is under preparation, communications minister ravishankarprasad prasad said in a written reply to the lok sabha.
action has already been initiated by the department of telecommunications (dot) and a comprehensive revival plan for bsnl and mtnl is under preparation, the minister said.
in the case of bsnl, the number of non-functional mobile towers and telephone exchanges due to non-payment of energy bills added up to 1,083 and 524, respectively, in various locations.
to another question, the minister said bsnl has informed that its 258 mobile towers are not functional on account of non-payment of dues to the landowners.
advertisingbsnl has also informed that building owners are being pursued and payment will be made in due course of time, he said.
while the total market share of bsnl rose marginally between march 2017 and march 2019, mtnls market share declined.
for 2018-19, bsnl saw 53.
64 lakh subscriber port-in, and 28.
27 lakh port-outs, whereas mtnl for the same year saw 10,195 port-in as against 1.
35 lakh port-outs.
bsnl and mtnl have been incurring losses continuously since the financial year 2009- 10, the minister said.
b'it (the book) is an attempt to misuse a privileged position and access to high office to gain credibility and to apparently exploit it for commercial gain.
the commentary smacks of fiction pankaj pachauri pmo spokesperson.
the prime ministers office on sunday strongly denied the claim in sanjay barus book about pmo files being screened by congress president sonia gandhi and termed these allegations as baseless and mischievous even as bjp sharpened its attack against the congress referring to barus disclosures.
watch video: 1991: how p v narasimha rao made history by sanjaya baru: key takeawaysthe statement attributed by some media channels to a former media adviser to the prime minister that pmo files were seen by congress president sonia gandhi is completely baseless and mischievous.
it is categorically denied that any pmo file has ever been shown to sonia gandhi, a statement issued by the pmo said.
attacking baru, former media adviser to prime minister manmohan singh, for the disclosures made in his book the accidental prime minister, a pmo statement said this was misuse of a privileged position for commercial gain.
it is an attempt to misuse a privileged position and access to high office to gain credibility and to apparently exploit it for commercial gain.
the commentary smacks of fiction and coloured views of a former adviser, a statement issued by pankaj pachauri, pmo spokesperson, said.
meanwhile, the bjp tore into the congress on the issue.
in gandhinagar, party veteran l k advani said barus book confirmed the impression that manmohan singh was the weakest pm ever.
at a rally in karnataka, bjps pm candidate narendra modi termed the upa government as remote controlled and lame .
bjp leader arun jaitley wrote on his blog that among various institutions which were dwarfed in the upa regime, the principal one was the office of the pm himself.
the prime minister has to take most of its decisions approved and ratified from the congress president.
all sensitive subjects have to be discussed with the person outside the government.
the appointments of key officials would be regulated by 10 janpath.
contracts such as the coal blocks allocations were allotted by the party.
even the venue for the funeral of former prime minister p v narsimha rao was decided on collateral considerations rather than on desire of the family, jaitley wrote.
at a press conference in new delhi on sunday, bjp leader ravishankarprasad prasad said while rahul gandhi talked of empowering the people of the country, he had failed to even empower his own prime minister.
if you could not empower your pm, how could you empower people of india?
the same rahul gandhi who along with his mother made the pm powerless says he will now give strength to the people of india, he said.
the bjp leader added that while on one hand there was an accidental pm manmohan singh and rahul gnadhi who is reluctant to be pm, on the other is a very effective and responsible pm candidate referring to narendra modi.
further taking a jibe at rahul gandhi for his interview to a tv channel on 12th april, prasad said while his first such interview earlier was of a kindergarten level, even the latest one was no better than a nursery level.
baru claimed in his book there were attempts made to ensure all the credit for schemes like mnrega went to sonia and rahul and not the pm or the rural development ministry and this had saddened the pm.
with the indian space research organisation (isro) losing communications with chandrayaan-2s moon lander vikram, indias ambitious project to search for water on the moon suffers a setback.
isro chief k sivan confirmed that communication with the lander had been lost and said that data was being analysed.
advertisingprime minister narendra modi, who was at the isro headquarters in bengaluru, consoled and congratulated the space team.
he said, our determination to touch moon has become even stronger.
we came very close, but we need to cover more ground.
adding that learnings from today will make us stronger and better; there will be a new dawn.
follow live updates on chandrayaan-2isro chandrayaan-2 moon landing: how political leaders reactedpresident ram nath kovind said: with #chandrayaan2 mission, the entire team of isro has shown exemplary commitment and courage.
the country is proud of @isro.
we all hope for the best.
vice-president m venkaiah naidu wrote: there is nothing to despair.
isro only lost communication with the lander & not the hopes of 1.
3 billion indians.
the orbiter with its payloads is performing its mission.
@isro.
i salute @isro scientists, engineers & everyone else associated with chandrayaan-2 for their hard work & dedication in trying to conquer new frontiers in space exploration.
the nation is proud of #isros achievements.
my best wishes for all your future endeavours.
#chandrayaan2advertisingcongress president sonia gandhi in a statement said, we owe a great debt to isro and the brilliant men and women who staff it.
their hard work and dedication has earned india a place in the league of space-faring nations and have inspired generations to reach for the stars, she said.
union home minister amit shah said, isros achievement with getting chandrayaan-2 so far has made every indian proud.
india stands with our committed and hard-working scientists at @isro.
my best wishes for future endeavours.
read | chandrayaan-2 timeline: from launch to loss of contact with vikram landerunion finance minister nirmala sitharaman said, we are with you @isro.
you have brought the nation, its young minds and all, together in sensing your achievements in space.
you will succeed.
union minister of defence rajnath singh said, india is proud of @isro and its team of scientists.
the isros mission to reach the moon is bound to succeed.
their courage and commitment will ultimately make it successful.
i wish team isro a great success in their future endeavours.
union minister of law and justice ravishankarprasad prasad said, journey of #chandrayan2 is indeed a great effort by the space scientists of india.
this mission in many ways has strengthened indias resolve to go deeper into space and explore new frontiers.
entire country is proud of #isro team.
congress leader rahul gandhi said, congratulations to the team at #isro for their incredible work on the chandrayaan 2 moon mission.
your passion & dedication is an inspiration to every indian.
your work is not in vain.
it has laid the foundation for many more path-breaking & ambitious indian space missions.
former isro chairman g madhavan nair said, i think we need not worry too much i will rate more than 95 per cent of the mission objectives have been achieved, nair said.
already, the orbiter is in space and it should do an excellent job of mapping, he was quoted as saying by pti.
b'ministers take charge of their new positions on wednesday after the bjp lead nda government reshuffled on tuesday.
(source: twitter/@narendramodi) ministers take charge of their new positions on wednesday after the bjp lead nda government reshuffled on tuesday.
(source: twitter/@narendramodi)several ministers including smriti irani, who was shunted out from hrd to textiles ministry, on wednesday took charge of their new ministries and promised to work for development, streamlining justice delivery system, early passage of gst bill and ensuring speedy implementation of projects.
apart from smriti, ravishankarprasad prasad and ananth kumar took over as law and parliamentary affairs ministers respectively.
prakash javedekar, the lone promotee who was given hrd ministry in the reshuffle of the council of ministers by prime minister narendra modi on tuesday, is scheduled to take up his new position on thursday.
talking to reporters in new delhi, he asserted that dialogue is the key to avoid agitations and that education is not a subject for party politics.
watch video: whats making newsi am a product of student agitation, so we will always talk with everybody.
so with dialogues in place, there will be no necessity of agitation, javadekar said.
putting up a brave face, irani, whose shifting is being seen as demotion, played down her portfolio change with a popular line of a hindi movie song, kuch toh log kahenge, logon ka kaam hai kehna.
i am happy that i have been given an opportunity especially when a special package (of rs 6,000 crore for the apparel segment) has been announced for the sector.
this signifies that my party and especially the prime minister has faith that i have the capacity to implement the roadmap that was projected through the cabinet for the rest of the country, irani said.
taking up his new assignment, prasad emphasised that he will strive to find a common ground between the government and the judiciary on the issue of appointment of judges to the supreme court and high courts.
the remarks assume significance in the backdrop of government making efforts to iron out differences with the supreme court collegium on the memorandum of procedure (mop)  a document which guides the appointment of judges to the higher judiciary.
we will be consulting, we will be meeting in an effort to find a common ground on the issue of judicial appointments there is need to work in harmonywe respect the independence of the judiciary, he told reporters here.
other ministers included m j akbar, anil madhav dave and santosh gangwar, rajen gohain who assumed office as ministers of state for external affairs, environment, finance and railways respectively.
b'congress today brushed aside demands for railway minister pawan kumar bansals resignation saying it has become a disease of the opposition to make such demands.
for those who are demanding resignation,it has become a disease, congress general secretary and head of media department janardan dwivedi told reporters.
he said bansal has himself given a clarification demanding probe in the wake of the arrest of his nephew for allegedly fixing top level promotions in the railway board.
the railway minister himself has given a clarification and said that there should be a thorough probe into the matter.
i dont think we can expect any thing more from him, dwivedi said in a brief reaction to the developments surrounding bansal.
bjp has demanded the sacking of the railway minister and cbi prosecution against him with party leader ravishankarprasad prasad saying that seeking pecuniary advantage by someone close to the railway minister and abusing the authority of the minister is a copybook case of prosecution of bansal.
cpi(m) also has demanded his resignation.
the ministers nephew v singla was yesterday arrested by the cbi in connection with alleged bribery of rs 90 lakh for fixing a top level position in the government.
bansal,however,has distanced himself from his nephew,saying he had no business links with him and denied any wrongdoing.
the gap between claims and ground realities suggests that the governments outreach system requires sprucing up.
the gap between claims and ground realities suggests that the governments outreach system requires sprucing up.
last year, after the world banks ease of doing business ranking placed india at a lowly 130 out of 150 countries, prime minister narendra modi asked bureaucrats to explain the reasons for the countrys poor performance and directed them to work on improving the ranking.
about 10 months later, a survey by the niti aayog and the mumbai-based think tank, idfc institute, reveals that the efforts of the centre and state governments to ease the system of permits and clearances notwithstanding, most entrepreneurs still feel hobbled by the countrys regulatory environment.
the survey of more than 3,000 manufacturing enterprises across the country shows that most firms do not use the single-window systems for business and regulatory clearances.
despite the centres repeated claims that a firm can be incorporated in less than a week, the survey shows that even in the best performing state, tamil nadu, the process takes more than 60 days  on average it takes nearly four months to set up a business in india.
the gap between claims and ground realities suggests that the governments outreach system requires sprucing up.
but the gap is also a sign of a persistent problem with governance in india: the difficulty of cutting the red tape of the lower bureaucracy.
this explains why on an average, entrepreneurs need more than 100 days to get a construction permit.
the world banks report, last year, had also highlighted that delays in issuing construction permits affected the ease of doing business in india.
the banks report came in for criticism  some of it justified  by commerce minister nirmala sitharaman and minister of law and justice and electronics and it, ravishankarprasad prasad, who released the niti aayog-idfc report.
but the government cannot ignore the similarities in the two reports when the economy is slowing down and generating new jobs looks even more of a challenge.
the textiles, food processing and non-metallic minerals sectors account for almost two-thirds of the firms surveyed by the niti aayog and idfc.
what should also worry the government is the reports finding that entrepreneurs in these employment-intensive sectors are more likely to face problems and securing construction and other permits, compared to the capital-intensive ones.
the survey should serve as a wake-up call to government and a reminder that over two decades after economic reforms the indian state is still flailing when it comes to easing the path for entrepreneurs.
thats a pity because the low interest rate cycle now should have revived animal spirits.
b'ravi shankar prasad was speaking on the issues of dalit atrocities and review of the sc/st act.
(express photo) ravishankarprasad prasad was speaking on the issues of dalit atrocities and review of the sc/st act.
(express photo)union minister ravishankarprasad prasad today said the modi governments exemplary record for the welfare of dalits and the bjps popularity among depressed classes had led to a smear campaign by other political parties.
stating that the alleged dilution of the sc/st act came through a supreme court order on a petition wherein the centre was not even made a party, the law and justice minister told reporters that a review petition had been filed.
our record with regard to the welfare of dalits has been exemplary.
the sc/st act came into being in 1989.
but it was in 2015 when the law was given more teeth by the inclusion of acts such as blackening of the face, forcible shaving of head and prevention from riding a horse under its ambit, prasad said.
the bjp has the largest number of mps, legislators, mayors, zila parishad chairpersons and village mukhiyas from the schedule castes (sc) and scheduled tribes (st) communities, the minister said.
this has led to jitters among parties, which have always used the weaker section for votes, he said.
lashing out at the congress, prasad wondered why b r ambedkar was not conferred the bharat ratna till the v p singh government was installed with the bjps support.
on the other hand, we made ram nath kovind  a dalit  the president of the country, he said.
our record with regard to the welfare of dalits has been exemplary, said prasad on friday.
(express photo by amit mehra) our record with regard to the welfare of dalits has been exemplary, said prasad on friday.
(express photo by amit mehra)lambasting bsp supremo mayawati, who has been severely critical of the nda government on issues relating to dalits, prasad cited two orders passed during her tenure as uttar pradesh chief minister directed officials to prevent misuse of the sc/st act.
he termed these as the greatest affront to the very social group, which she claims to represent and fight for.
on whether the centre would consider bringing an ordinance if the review petition is rejected by the supreme court, prasad said this is a hypothetical question.
we have filed a very strong review petition and well ensure that dalits interests are not compromised, he said.
on demands for including provisions of the sc/st act and reservations in the ninth schedule of the constitution, he said, such demands have arisen out of the anxieties triggered by the supreme court order.
we would ensure that there is no dilution of the law meant to protect the dalits and that the implementation of the act is effective, he said.
defending the bjps stand against the inclusion of dalit muslims and dalit christians among the scheduled castes, prasad said, the constitution clearly states that only those among hindus, buddhists and sikhs could be included in the category.
ambedkar had made such a provision after giving due thought to indias social realities.
the inclusion of new groups in the category would lead to infringement of the dalit rights, he said.
on rahul gandhis candle march in new delhi yesterday in protest against the rape cases of kathua and unnao, the union minister said, we believe in ensuring justice to the aggrieved, not in polemics.
on jammu and kashmir minister tassaduq sayeed reportedly calling the bjp and the pdp partners in crime, prasad said i am not aware of this.
hence i would not like to comment.
b'a day after bsp supremo mayawati sought its support for a bill seeking reservation in promotion for sc/st employees,bjp on wednesday asked her to back the opposition in its fight against corruption in upa government.
i want to request mayawati that she should at least once support us in our fight against corruption against so many scams such as the 2g,cwg,there is issue of airport land and coalgate, bjp spokesperson ravishankarprasad prasad said.
i just want to say that mayawati should come in our support in fight against the corruption in the upa regime, prasad said.
he said,the fight for social justice will continue and it must go on.
mayawati along with her party colleague satish chandra mishra had earlier today met leader of opposition in lok sabha sushma swaraj and her rajya sabha counterpart arun jaitley,urging them to allow parliament to function so that this bill could be taken up.
the bjp had told her that it will take a final call on the issue after a discussion in parliament.
j-k chief minister mehbooba mufti.
j-k chief minister mehbooba mufti.
valley protests: centre decides to draw hard line for j&k govtaccording to sources in centre, j&k chief minister mehbooba mufti, who will visit delhi over the weekend to meet functionaries of central government, possibly including pm narendra modi, might be told that there cannot be any softening of the ongoing campaign by security forces against possible anti-india forces in the valley.
as per the sources, the pdp leader will also be told that paramilitary and army forces cannot be asked to tolerate stone-throwers.
read moretamil nadu deal closer: ops back as cm and eps as aiadmk chieftamil nadu chief minister o tamil nadu chief minister o panneerselvam .
pti photothe two rival factions in aiadmk are said to have agreed upon a deal to reinstate rebel leader o panneerselvam and current cm e k palaniswami is said to take charge as the organisations general secretary in place of the jailed v k sasikala, setting the stage for a unified aiadmk in tamil nadu.
the merger deal has been sealed and formal talks will begin now between the senior leaders of both factions to finalise and announce the decision, a senior aiadmk leader told indian express.
read morepunjab for tougher desecration law: cant single out religion, centre returns bill on guru granth sahibat a protest in chandigarh against desecration of the guru granth sahib.
express file photo.
at a protest in chandigarh against desecration of the guru granth sahib.
express file photo.
centre on friday returned the bill passed last year by punjab assembly seeking to add a section in ipc to enhance punishment from three years to life sentence in charges related to sacrilege and desecration of guru granth sahib.
the centre said that all religions are treated to be equal and hence there is no provision of adding a section for one particular religion, according to a government official.
the centre has asked the punjab government to either withdraw the bill or include all religions in the proposed amendment if it wanted the bill to be looked at it afresh, said the government functionary.
read moreravi shankar prasad: we dont get muslim votes but have we given them sanctity or not?
union minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
union minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
speaking at mindmine summit organised by the hero group in new delhi, union minister ravishankarprasad prasad said that the government has not victimised muslims.
we dont get muslim votes, i acknowledge very clearly.
but have we given them proper sanctity or not?
the union telecom minister asked.
prasads reply came after he was asked how the government would ensure to accommodate indias multi-cultural diversity.
we salute the diversity of india there has been a campaign against us for a long time.
but today we are here because of the blessings of the people of india, prasad said.
cji dipak misra is under pressure to convene a formal collegium meeting where justice k m josephs name can be unanimously reiterated.
cji dipak misra is under pressure to convene a formal collegium meeting where justice k m josephs name can be unanimously reiterated.
a brief informal meeting of four of the five most senior judges of the supreme court took place on wednesday afternoon where finalisation of the memorandum of procedure (mop) and the reiteration of justice k m josephs name for elevation to the apex court were discussed.
this was the first such meeting among these judges after the formal collegium meeting on may 2 which was expected to reiterate the name of chief justice of uttarakhand high court, justice k m joseph, but deferred its decision.
justices ranjan gogoi, kurian joseph and madan lokur met chief justice dipak misra in his chambers around 4.
15 pm.
justice j chelameswar was on leave and was not present at the meeting.
however, the indian express has learnt that he has written to the chief justice and three fellow-members of the collegium making clear his reiteration of the name of justice k m joseph for elevation to the supreme court.
in fact, as there is unanimity in the collegium over reiterating his name, cji misra is under pressure to convene a formal collegium meeting where justice k m josephs name can be unanimously reiterated.
according to current norms, the centre, on receiving a reiteration from the collegium, would have no choice but to issue a presidential warrant and swear him in as a judge of the supreme court.
that can only happen once the chief justice convenes a formal meeting of the collegium and places that on the agenda.
sources say there are apprehensions that if the chief justice bundles other issues or names, the centre may again segregate the names and swear in judges selectively.
last time, in addition to justice k m joseph, another aspect twinned with the agenda was, to consider the names of judges from calcutta, rajasthan, and telangana & andhra pradesh high courts for elevation as judges of the supreme court, in view of the concept of fair representation.
this was seen as the sticky point that would give the impression that the judiciary had buckled and was giving the government an easy way out.
at the wednesday meeting, the three judges also raised issues regarding the finalisation of the mop, the system which decides the terms of engagement between the judiciary and the executive.
it was agreed that the judiciary needs to stand up to the government which has been maintaining that the mop has still not been finalised as it is pending with the collegium.
the supreme court has maintained that it is final as far as it is concerned and there will be no further changes.
but the centre has been suggesting that the final call on the mop is yet to be taken.
the finalisation of mop was also part of issues raised by the law minister ravishankarprasad prasad in his letter to the chief justice on april 30 which has irked the judges.
they want the cji to clarify the matter to the government.
meanwhile, in his letter to his colleagues in the collegium, justice j chelameswar has made clear that k m josephs name must be reiterated, as there is no change in the facts on the ground regarding his case.
this is the second letter on record that justice chelameswar is learnt to have written regarding justice k m josephs elevation.
the first letter was in 2016, to the collegium, when justice t s thakur was the chief justice and his name had formally come up for discussion.
in an unusual move, the centre had returned the name of justice k m joseph while issuing the presidential warrant for ms (now justice) indu malhotra, who was sworn in last month.
justice k m joseph was part of the two-judge bench which struck down the centres decision to impose presidents rule in uttarakhand in march 2016.
law minister ravishankarprasad prasad has denied that this has anything to do with the government returning his file for reconsideration.
the law ministers letter to the chief justice mentioned seniority being disregarded, the fact that he was from kerala, which already has representation and the fact that there were no judges form sc/st backgrounds.
the collegium maintains that ranking in the all india list was not the reason for other elevations; kerala is a large court and its only representative justice kurian joseph would retire later this year and that if sc/st judges were to be picked then they could be considered later, and this need not be linked to justice k m josephs elevation.
the supreme court is currently functioning with 24 judges as against the strength of 31, sanctioned by parliament.
advertisingin a fresh push for electoral reforms, chief election commissioner (cec) sunil arora has sought the governments intervention in limiting the number of seats from which a candidate can contest polls to one, amending the representation of the people (rp) act to bring the print media within the purview of the 48-hour silence period before voting, and extending tax exemptions only to political parties that fight elections, among others.
law minister ravishankarprasad prasad is learnt to have received a letter from arora last week, highlighting eight pending reform proposals.
the letter states: during a meeting held on 21.
01.
2019 between election commission and secretary, legislative department, ministry of law & justice, it was mentioned by dr g narayana raju that the proposals of electoral reforms would be given due consideration by the ministry, more so because many proposals have been pending for rather long.
among the proposals highlighted by arora is one on making paid news and filing of false affidavit a corrupt practice with punishment of two years imprisonment.
advertisingarora wrote: in order to have fair election, a level playing field is paramount.
this can only be achieved by mitigating the influence of money in elections.
therefore, publishing and abettingpaid news in connection with election should be added in the category of corrupt practice.
flagging the apprehension that political parties may merely be set up for availing provisions of income tax exemption, the cec reiterated the commissions demand for powers to de-register a party.
at present, the rp act only provides for registration of political parties; the ec has no power to revoke that registration.
arora has also sought changes in the contribution form (form 24a) meant for political parties to ensure that they disclose information even for donations that are less than rs 20,000.
currently, parties are obligated to provide details of contributions of more than rs 20,000.
the poll panel chief has again proposed four cut-off dates for voter enrolment in a calendar year  on january 1, april 1, july 1, and october 1.
currently, only those above 18 years as on january 1 are eligible to enrol themselves as voters that particular year.
so a youth turning 18 on january 2 would have to wait until the next year for his/ her enrolment and could miss voting for election/s held that year.
on capping the number of seats a candidate can contest at one  at present one can contest from two seats  the letter states, if restricting to one seat is not acceptable, the commission had proposed that if a person contests from two seats and wins both, resulting in a by-election from one of the two seats, he should deposit an appropriate amount to the government account as expenditure for holding the by-election.
b'personnel matters*this refers to the report,its all in the family: 146 mps employ relatives as their personal assistants (ie,may 15).
the report is an eye-opener.
although it is not in violation of any law,i entirely agree with subhash c. kashyap,former secretary general of the lok sabha,that it is an ethical issue.
it should be taken up either by the ethics committee or by the presiding officers of the two houses.
this seems to be a long-running practice,though nobody has tried to point it out.
the bjp has 38 mps involved in this practice.
its spokesperson,ravi shankar prasad,is aware of the problem.
he should do something to stop it and lead the way for the other parties.
yash p. verma punefighting cancer* actress angelina jolie deserves applause for going through a double mastectomy when she learnt that she carried a gene that made it likely she would get breast cancer.
it is one of the biggest killer diseases among women and jolies popularity should be used to spread awareness about cancer.
perhaps she should be made global ambassador for such a project.
preventive checks are the need of the hour and spreading knowledge about the disease can help women stall it in the initial stages.
s.n. kabra mumbaiprobe this* this refers to the editorial out of court (ie,may 15).
our constitution and the idea of democracy assure an impartial government that works to protect peoples common rights and fights against corruption.
but governments and ruling parties are different entities.
in reality,the government is busy trying to please the ruling party because those in government want to strengthen their position in the party.
so our experience has been that governments intentionally use the cbi and stateinvestigation agencies to their own ends,instigating them to focus on scams involvingmembers of the opposition.
if all institutions are politically motivated,people will notforgive them.
the recent mandate in karnataka reflects peoples anger against acorrupt government.
uttam k. bhowmik tamlukmore than words*apropos the report nawaz sharif set for third term as pakistan pm (ie,may 13),pakistan has never been able to sustain democracy for long.
peace in the subcontinent has been under serious threat because of an unstable pakistan.
sharifs return to power seems to indicate that the desire for democracy is genuinely felt there.
pakistan has long awaited a statesman like sharif,someone who has the imagination to foresee afuture in which india is not its eternal antagonist.
pakistans yes we can moment,and sharifs statement that hewould not allow terror against india bred on pakistan soil,give india genuine reasons to be pleased.
these reassurances must not be treated as mere words.
they should be taken as a positive step that couldnormalise ties between thetwo countries.
b'neeraj chopra threw his javelin to 86.
48m.
(source: express photo) neeraj chopra threw his javelin to 86.
48m.
(source: express photo)neeraj chopra created history on saturday after the youngster won a gold medal at the u-20 world championships in poland.
this is a new record in u-20 world championship as he threw the javelin to a distance of 86.
48m.
chopra who had qualified for the final of the u-20 world championships in first position, threw the javelin to a mark of 79.
66 in his first attempt.
chopras throw puts him eighth amongst all throwers this year.
it also puts him ahead of defending olympic gold medalist keshorn walcott of trinidad and tobago, whose best this year is 86.
35m.
the satisfaction of a world level gold might be tempered by the fact that chopra missed out on the chance of qualifying for the rio olympics.
chopra had been attempting to qualify for the rio games since the south asian games but had been held back by a back injury.
pundits and sport persons from all over have congratulated the youngster on his achievement.
congratulations neeraj chopra for the outstanding sporting accomplishment.
we are proud of you.
http://t.
co/ggxi4ojfcj  narendra modi (@narendramodi) 24 july 2016i am delighted to announce that min of sports would award rs.10lakhs to neeraj chopra for winning gold medal at u-20 world championship.
vijay goel (@vijaygoelbjp) 24 july 2016#neerajchopra great going!
!
it indeed feels proud to see your name & india against the world record.
well done  http://t.
co/shsbidgenx  rajyavardhan rathore (@ra_thore) 24 july 2016hearty congratulations to haryanas neeraj chopra for winning indias first u-20 gold medal & setting a new javelin throw world record!
manohar lal (@mlkhattar) 24 july 2016#neerajchopra sets u-20 world record with throw of 86.
48m & wins gold in javelin @ iaaf u-20 world cships.
congrats!
pic.
twitter.com/za7x0oqnhm  dept of sports myas (@dos_myas) 24 july 2016heartiest congratulations to #neerajchopra for the gold at iaaf world u-20 athletics meet.
great day for us.
indian youth talent epitomized.
shivrajsingh chouhan (@chouhanshivraj) 24 july 2016congratulations to neeraj chopra for setting a world record in javelin throw at the world athletics championships.
u have done india proud.
ravi shankar prasad (@rsprasad) 24 july 2016#neerajchopra becomes 1st indian world champion in athletics, pm @narendramodi congratulates him.
pic.
twitter.com/tsizaxhzf7  all india radio news (@airnewsalerts) 24 july 2016my congratulations to neeraj chopra on this historic feat.
more power to you.
http://t.
co/yobp4xf9lk  vasundhara raje (@vasundharabjp) 24 july 2016indian neeraj chopra created a new u-20 world record by throwing the javelin a distance of 86.
48m at the u-20 world championships in poland  mohandas menon (@mohanstatsman) 24 july 2016many congratulations #neerajchopra on winning gold in javelin at iaaf u-20 world championships.
its indeed a proud moment for ind.
senior advocate indu malhotra and uttarakhand high court chief justice k m joseph.
senior advocate indu malhotra and uttarakhand high court chief justice k m joseph.
deepening its standoff with the judiciary, the government thursday returned for reconsideration the collegiums recommendation to elevate uttarakhand chief justice k m joseph to the supreme court even as it notified the appointment of senior advocate indu malhotra as a judge of the apex court.
her name had been recommended along with that of justice joseph on january 10.
in a letter to chief justice of india dipak misra, union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad underlined that this proposal for reconsideration of the case of shri justice k m joseph has the approval of the honble president and the honble prime minister and listed reasons why his appointment at this stage does not appear to be appropriate  justice joseph is at serial number 42 in the all india high court judges seniority list; his parent high court of kerala has adequate representation in the supreme court; several high courts are not represented in the supreme court at present; and, there is no representation of scheduled caste/scheduled tribe communities in the supreme court since long.
until late thursday night, cji misra had not informed other members of the collegium about the governments decision which was communicated by prasad in the morning.
read | sc rejects plea to stall indu malhotras appointment, on km joseph says waitthere was no indication if and when a meeting of the collegium would be called by the cji to discuss the matter  besides cji misra, the collegium comprises justices jasti chelameswar, ranjan gogoi, madan lokur and kurian joseph.
sources said the established practice is to call a meeting of the collegium immediately if the government returns a recommendation.
reiteration of a name by the collegium makes it incumbent upon the government to issue a warrant for the appointment.
on january 10, the collegium recommended that malhotra and justice joseph be elevated as judges of the apex court.
the government took its time in processing the file, giving rise to speculation that it is not in favour of elevating justice joseph who in 2016 struck down imposition of presidents rule in uttarakhand.
with matters precipitating and four judges in the collegium questioning the delay over the recommendation and urging the cji to call a meeting of the full court, the government moved and delinked the proposals.
it approved malhotras file and returned justice josephs file for reconsideration.
read | indu malhotra in as supreme court judge, government is still silent on justice km josephin its letter, the government said: in the all india high court judges seniority list, shri justice k m joseph is placed at serial number 42.
there are presently eleven chief justices of various high courts who are senior to him in all india high court judges seniority list.
the high courts, namely calcutta, chhattisgarh, gujarat, rajasthan, jharkhand, jammu & kashmir, uttarakhand and some smaller high courts namely sikkim, manipur, meghalaya are not represented in the supreme court at present.
also read | indu malhotra to be first woman judge in supreme court directly from barshri justice k m josephs parent high court is the kerala high court.
if he is to be appointed as judge of the supreme court, the kerala high court  a comparatively small high court  would have two judges from the same parent high court in the supreme court.
it may also be relevant to mention here that there is no representation of scheduled caste/scheduled tribe communities in the supreme court since long.
the government said the kerala high court with a sanctioned strength of 47 judges has received adequate representation in the supreme court and as chief justices of high courts and if one more judge is chosen from there, the supreme court will have two judges from kerala.
justice kurian joseph of the supreme court is from kerala high court.
read | elevation to supreme court: if govt returns justice josephs file, collegium is likely to send it backthe government pointed out that there were three other judges from kerala holding the office of chief justice in the high courts of uttarakhand (justice k m joseph), chhattisgarh (justice t b radhakrishnan) and kerala (justice antony dominic).
elevation of one more judge from the kerala high court to supreme court does not appear to be justified as it does not address the legitimate claims of the other chief justices and puisne judges of many other high courts and forestalls the claim of other senior chief justices and puisne judges and this, the government said, is not in accordance with the parametres laid down in the second judges case and reiterated in the third judges case.
also read | call full court to discuss sc future: justices gogoi, lokur write to cji dipak misrathe government said that in view of this, it was constrained to segregate the recommendations dated january 10.
it said such segregation of proposals has been done in many cases earlier, which include appointment of judges to various high courts and also to the supreme court in the interest of expeditious action on appointment and filling up of vacancies.
the government said the collegium system is a creation of judicial decision of the supreme court.
it said while seniority of judges plays a critical role in them being considered for elevation, such seniority of high court judges is maintained only at all india level.
from our records, it is evident that to ensure regional representation, seniority may not have been taken as an important consideration, but in case where the high court concerned is adequately represented in the supreme court and also as chief justices of different high courts, then this consideration cannot be, and should not be, ignored all together to the detriment and prejudice of other senior judges, the letter stated.
aadhaar card (representational image) aadhaar card (representational image)the day after the supreme court pondered if the government could insist on aadhaar for uses other than receiving direct benefits, like opening a bank account (thus reopening the debate on identity and privacy), an agency tweeted cricketer ms dhonis details while updating them.
then a hindi daily reported that dhonis wife had cornered ravishankarprasad prasad and demanded to know if there was any privacy left.
not exactly riveting reading, but the comments section below that story was.
there, indian manhood had done what indian boyhood loves to do in high school urinals, apart from urinating.
in exclusively filthy language, it had demanded to know if women need privacy for anything other than the procreative act.
it is with a sense of relief that one turns to cultural media.
the growing popularity of stand-up comics has been fed by divisive, illiberal politics.
drama, the universal specific for catharsis, is trying to break out of its niche by streaming to homes.
hotstar has ventured into theatre video, and the national school of drama had live streams from the bharat rang mahotsav in february this year.
overseas, digitaltheatre.com carries the best of the british stage, and broadwayhd.com teems with musicals and stage plays.
it isnt exactly a seat in the dress circle, but streaming sites are pushing theatre out to people to cant attend live performances.
but to reach the world at the twist of a dial, theres nothing like the radio.
internet radio (live streams, not podcasts which you have to browse and download) has brought it up to speed with the mobile, and there are pages and pages of apps out there.
if you hate app bloat, there are websites aggregating internet radios.
while most are lists heavily weighed towards contemporary music, radio.
garden (thats the url) offers visual empowerment.
it spawns a globe where cities are marked by green dots, whose radius indicates the number of active internet radios.
you can spin the globe like chaplin in the great dictator, and stop wherever you like.
after a quick listen at some indian stations, i spun it away towards the great game countries.
fm 100 islamabad was playing kaisi aag hai tera junoon.
radio sharda jammu had kashmiri folk, sputnik radio in kyrgyzstan was agitated about putin and arakozia fm 90.
3 in kabul harangued afghanistan about the latest zalim shaitan.
its interesting to see that someone, somewhere, remembers arachosia, other than historians and the croats, who trace their ancestry to south afghanistan on grounds of linguistic and cultural similarities.
meanwhile, moscow chills with easy-listening jazz and london offers, apart from the bbc, radios for gurkhas and poles.
internet radios flourish in unexpected locations.
cagliari and istanbul have six radio stations each.
mikonos in greece has two.
crete, a popular destination for visitors from northern europe, is positively humming.
if you have a gift for languages, youll find that the news and opinions offered can diverge from what we get from the english international press.
when you are left brain-dead by the appalling discourse on television conducted by cowed down, gau-like reporters determined to discover goodness and greatness where neither the great nor the good exist, an older medium in a modern avatar provides relief.
internet radio does most of the things for which people used to buy shortwave radios  it is a window on the world.
in the last century, you needed antennas the size of mosquito nets to pick up shortwave signals from halfway around the world (mine was a roll of copper wire strung out on the branches of a tree).
in this century, for decent shortwave reception you need a receiver thats worth rs 7,000 and up, which is visually indistinguishable from your grandmothers beat-up murphy from bhagirath palace, apart from the absence of the logo of the child with the finger placed endearingly to the lip.
internet radio is painlessly easy to receive and almost as painless to transmit.
there should be more of it, especially since most of the worlds governments dont take it seriously enough to enforce licensing.
lets begin at the beginning.
to receive, you need nothing more than a phone with an internet connection.
to transmit, you could set up a streaming server of your own on a spare computer, but your audience would be limited by your bandwidth.
home connections are pretty frugal and they upload slower than they download.
and theres the headache of administering a server, which would typically be shoutcast or icecast2.
admittedly, its trivial compared to administering a web server, but the pain can detract from the pleasure.
the technically inept and practically adept therefore take the services of streaming hosts, which cost about the same as hosting a website, unless you have serious traffic or stream quality music.
it usually takes 10 minutes to set up, doesnt need a dedicated computer, and all you need is to be careful of the royalty police  make sure you dont stream copyrighted music.
or take your feed off youtube, whose hosted content is presumably legal.
and you are ready to animate the lulls between the music and jollies with your rants and pet peeves.
no 140-character limit, either.
imagine: all you ever wanted to say about abp newss investigation into why yogi adityanaths hair does not grow like other peoples.
as the mcdonalds ad put it, just say supersize it.
b'ravi shankar prasad (file photo) ravishankarprasad prasad (file photo)law minister ravishankarprasad prasad on sunday accused congress chief sonia gandhi, her daughter priyanka, and west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee of practising vote bank politics by keeping silent on the issue of triple talaq.
he also lashed out at congress leader kapil sibal for comparing muslims faith in triple talaq to those of hindus in ram temple, calling it disgraceful.
prasad said sibal compared a social bane to the majority communitys belief.
in an interaction at aaj tak, he said rajiv gandhi might have bowed under pressure on muslim womens rights but prime minister narendra modi will stand solidly with them.
he was apparently referring to the shah bano case in which a 62-year-old muslim woman was divorced by her husband.
she filed a criminal suit in the supreme court and won alimony.
however, she was subsequently denied the alimony when parliament reversed the judgement.
naming prominent women leaders, including bsp chief mayawati, he said their silence was a clear example of vote bank politics.
incidentally, it was gandhis death anniversary today.
triple talaq is not a matter of religion but gender equality, prasad said.
he also downplayed reports of confrontation between the government and the judiciary but added that the former is doing doing its job and the latter has to do its own.
the government is working on digitisation of courts, he said, adding that it is appointing justice friend to help dispose cases older than 10 years.
the bjp said that rahul gandhis statement that he was working to improve the system sounded hollow as it could not see any action on the ground by the congress-led government to check corruption.
reacting to gandhis letter to former supreme court judge v r krishna iyer,the bjp said if the congress general secretary was so serious about corruption,then he should highlight the steps taken in this direction during his partys seven-year rule in the country.
we dont see action on the ground against corruption.
the claims sound hollow.
if he is taking steps than why has corruption not ended, bjp chief spokesperson ravishankarprasad prasad said.
reacting sharply to former iyers letter accusing him of being silent on corruption,gandhi said he is working to improve a rotten system instead of just complaining and has no intention of being glorified as a hero.
congress insiders associated with gandhis youth congress initiative say that a close look at his work clearly reveals that he was for real action than loud noise on the issue.
they claimed the aicc general secretary has been very consistent in his approach onwards corruption all these years.
in almost every student interaction and press conferences whenever questions on corruption came up,gandhi made it clear that he favoured a long term solution to corruption in politics and elsewhere which he considers a systemic issue, a party leader associated with gandhi said.
on january 29 in aurangabad in maharashtra,gandhi clearly enunciated his views on the issue of corruption seeking stringent and speedy action against corruption.
at the press conference,gandhi had described corruption as the problem which is inherent in the system the way political parties are designed and the only way to change this is to look at the design and that is what we do in youth congress.
he said,what disturbs me is that everyday people talk about corruption but few people actually look at how to change the political structure.
gandhi had also said,the dirt is in the political structure and its design.
if you just go on saying there is cancer and go on repeating it wont help,you have to act.
if we have to do something inside the political system.
advocating two types of measures to change the system,he had said,deal with corruption very strictly.
punishment should be quickly and efficiently within six months instead of 20 years and secondly in the in long term youngsters with clean image should come into politics.
in an interaction with students of santiniketan in west bengal last year,gandhi had said,i know there is corruption.
corruption is everywhere people like you should come forward.
tell me the solution.
he had then said that allegations of corruption always draw applause but those who come with solutions to such problems get no appreciation.
in the letter to aiyar,gandhi has said i work because i believe in working to improve a system that is rotten and not to be glorified.
prime minister narendra modi replies to the motion of thanks on the presidents address in the rajya sabha in new delhi on wednesday.
(pti photo) prime minister narendra modi replies to the motion of thanks on the presidents address in the rajya sabha in new delhi on wednesday.
(pti photo)hitting back after the congress attacked narendra modi for his dig at his predecessor manmohan singh, bjp said it still shows reluctance in recognising modi as a popularly-elected prime minister and believes that only it has the mandate to rule the country.
union minister ravishankarprasad prasad said singh had called demonetisation an exercise in plunder and loot and modi was only replying to it as the whole saga of the upa government had been that of plunder and loot.
fun, pun and satire are part of parliamentary debate and the congress should have heard the prime minister in full as per the parliamentary convention, he said, alleging abuses were hurled at him by the opposition during 15 hours of debate in the rajya sabha on the motion of thanks to the presidents address.
congress staged a walkout from the house protesting against modis remarks.
there is still some lurking impression among congress leaders that only they have the mandate to rule the country and no one else.
there is still a reluctance to recognise narendra modi as a popularly elected prime minister.
the prime minister in the lok sabha and the rajya sabha has repeatedly said that he has acknowledged from the red fort the contribution of all prime ministers to india.
congress should have heard the prime minister in full as per the parliamentary convention, prasad told pti.
fun, pun and satire are part of parliamentary debate.
manmohan singh had called demonetisation plunder and loot, and the prime minister was replying to it.
the whole saga of the upa itself has been that of plunder and loot, he said.
(file photo) (file photo)amidst growing skepticism among political parties over the credibility of the electronic voting machines (evms), former chief election commissioners (cec) on sunday asserted that machines cannot be hacked and thereby backed the election commission for throwing an open challenge to political parties and experts to see if they can tamper the polling machines.
speaking to ani, former cec t. s. krishnamurthy said, evms are credible.
there is no reason to disbelieve it.
if there are any doubts or apprehensions, the election commission would certainly remove this apprehension.
on the other hand, this is a machine which we should be proud of.
the indian engineers have developed it without much of a complication.
it results in saving tons and tons of paper, it is environment friendly, and results can be announced quickly.
there cannot be an invalid vote in evm, he added.
expressing similar views, former cec n. gopalswami said, it is the losers who point fingers and try to find faults, but the winners know the reality.
this is not the first time that the ec has thrown an open challenge.
evm is safe.
krishnamurthy also downplayed opposition parties demand of conducting elections on a ballot paper system.
there are number of cases of where bogus ballot papers were made in parts of eastern india, we have information to that affect.
so it would be unfair to say that ballot paper is a better alternative, he said.
the centre on saturday launched a veiled attack on the opposition and said that questioning the evms amounted to questioning the poll panel.
opposition leaders find an excuse for their defeat.
in 2004 and 2009, when the united progressive alliance (upa) won, there was no issue with evm.
when bahujan samaj party (bsp) and samajwadi party (sp) won in uttar pradesh, there was no issue with evm, union minister ravishankarprasad prasad said.
when akali- bharatiya janata party (bjp) coalition lost in punjab and aam aadmi party (aap) won in delhi, there was no issue with evm.
questioning evms means questioning the election commission of india, he added.
the centres reaction came in connection with former uttar pradesh chief minister akhilesh yadav remarks alleging that he heard voters that votes went to the bjp despite voting for the samajwadi party.
bsp supremo mayawati has said that she is ready to join hands with other political parties to take on the bjp on the issue of evms tampering.
irked by the charges, the election commission (ec) challenged skeptics to prove that evms can be tampered with.
having built a reputation for organisational prowess within the party, union home minister and bjp chief amit shah on monday pulled off a legislation  the jammu and kashmir reorganisation bill  in rajya sabha that is set to define his political career in national politics.
advertisingthat shah, a quintessential organisation man, chose not to address his scheduled session to party mps during the two-day training session over the weekend, except his brief address at the inauguration, got bjp mps curious about the coming move.
in the last two days, shah worked from his office in parliament house complex, holding meetings with all those mattered on this issue.
express edit/opinion | edit: rupture in history, stitching a future | pb mehta writes: blood and betrayal | ram madhav writes: correcting a historic blunder | manish sabharwal writes: for naya kashmir | imad ul riyaz writes: we are just at the beginning | c. raja mohan writes: possibilities in the northwestadvertisingthe flawless execution  keeping cards so close to his chest that most ministerial and party colleagues were left guessing  and taking the opposition by surprise and forcing them to take a public position on this politically contentious issue is set to become shahs first signature stroke in national politics.
read | using article 370 to scrap article 370?
the legal debate aheadaccording to one party leader, it appears that only prime minister narendra modi and shah were aware of the complete plan, and senior ministers were given information on piecemeal basis.
union law and justice minister ravishankarprasad prasad completed drafting of the bill as late as sunday night, sources said.
other ministers, it is learnt, were informed only at the cabinet meeting on monday morning.
as far as the question of (article) 370 is concerned, you must know that it is mentioned as temporary in the constitution, not permanent.
this was done in agreement with sheikh abdullah, shah had told the lok sabha on june 28 during the debate on extending presidents rule in the state.
follow live updates on jammu and kashmir newsseen in this backdrop, sources in bjp said, shah had by then begun scripting this move.
the two-pronged approach involved the legal drafting and also working on arranging the numbers in rajya sabha.
resignations by some opposition mps, and a few joining the bjp, were part of that larger plan for numbers, they said.
according to a union minister, shah had told senior ministers and party leaders to organise majority in rajya sabha since there were important and crucial bills to be passed in parliament.
explained | article 370 has not been scrapped but kashmirs special status has gonethe rti and triple talaq bills tested the waters, the minister said.
we were emboldened by our success in getting those bills passed in the upper house even though we do not enjoy majority.
as home minister, shah brought urgency to the move.
while the modi government in its previous term played the healing touch approach envisaged by mufti mohammed sayeed and deployed an interlocutor even while pursuing a muscular approach against stone-pelters, militants and financial channels for militancy, shah began with a firm hands.
that he did not wait for the next session of parliament for making this move suggested a clear urgency brought to the issue.
he dealt with it from a position of strength, a senior bjp leader said.
unlike his predecessors, he did not want to waste time holding peace talks with separatist leaders.
shah, with help from national security adviser ajit doval, ensured that heavy security deployment was in place in kashmir valley to contain possible violence following the announcement.
while political leaders of all major parties were placed under house arrest on sunday night, all modes of communication were snapped in the valley to foil any attempt to mobilise people for protests.
every step in the valley had the shah touch  it was his mission, and he has succeeded in it, the party leader said.
lauding shahs move, prime minister narendra modi today tweeted, home minister @amitshah jis speech in rajya sabha was extensive and insightful.
it accurately highlighted the monumental injustices of the past and coherently presented our vision for the sisters and brothers of j&k,in one stroke, shah has managed to strip jammu and kashmir of its special status and paved the way for delimitation of assembly constituencies of the newly created union territory of j&k, where the party hopes to correct the skew in favour of kashmir valley and enhance electoral heft of jammu region.
with this move, more hindus  including refugees from pakistan and pok  can not only purchase land and settle in the valley but also get more dalits and people belonging to weaker sections benefit, which the party hopes will reflect in the electoral results.
advertisingwhile former prime minister atal bihari vajpayee and shahs predecessor in the mha, rajnath singh, believed in extending a healing touch to the region to gain peoples faith, shah always believed that removing special status is the only way to resolve the kashmir crisis, a party leader said.
b'chief election commissioner om prakash rawat chief election commissioner om prakash rawattaking a grim view of the facebook data breach that was allegedly exploited to influence polls across the world, the election commission (ec) has indicated that it may review its association with the social media giant after the scandal that surfaced last week.
speaking to the indian express, chief election commissioner o p rawat said on thursday that the matter of ecs partnership with facebook, to encourage enrollment of young voters, will be discussed soon at a commission meeting.
we will be considering this issue in its entire dimension in the commission meeting, he said, indicating that the discussion may take place either friday or early next week.
read | ravishankarprasad prasad warns facebook on data breach: can even summon mark zuckerbergwhen asked if the commission is concerned over allegations of data being harvested to build psychological profiles of voters to influence them, rawat said, definitely.
something which can affect the election arena in an adverse manner, like public opinion being moulded.
this should concern us and we will take a view on this.
the ec has partnered with facebook on at least three different occasions in the last year to encourage facebook users, youngsters especially, to register themselves as voters.
express explained | facebook chief mark zuckerbergs promises fix: what he said, what he did notlast year, as part of one such collaborative effort, the social media platform sent voter registration reminders in 13 indian languages to all its users in the country for four days, from july 1 to 4.
nasim zaidi was the cec then.
a few months later, when a k joti was the poll panel head, a similar campaign was announced under which all facebook users, who were going to turn 18, got a birthday wish on their birthday along with a reminder encouraging them to register with the ec to vote.
read | data breach: bjp, congress, jd(u) on client list of parent firms india partnerecs latest partnership with facebook was in january this year.
the commission had announced a national voters day pledge feature on the social media platform.
on the 8th national voters day, the ec is happy to join hands with facebook for one of the largest voters pledges.
through the pledge let us renew our commitment to the cause of free, fair, peaceful and participative elections, rawat had said in a statement on january 25.
the poll panel has been grappling with how to deal with the influence of technology and social media in state and central elections.
recently, it set up a committee with representation from the i&b ministry, law ministry, national broadcasters association and press council of india to examine the scope of section 126 of the representation of people act in the prevailing context of communication technologies.
section 126 prohibits the display of election matter by means of cinematograph, television or other similar apparatus and the holding of musical or theatrical performances or entertainment programmes to influence voters 48 hours ahead of voting.
ecs review of section 126 was prompted by newschannels telecasting congress president rahul gandhis interview just a day ahead of the second phase of the gujarat polls in december last year.
mark zuckerberg wrote that facebook will investigate all apps that had access to large amounts of information before the company changed its rules for apps in 2014.
mark zuckerberg wrote that facebook will investigate all apps that had access to large amounts of information before the company changed its rules for apps in 2014.
rawats comment on ec reviewing its partnership with facebook has come just a day after the union minister for law and information technology ravishankarprasad prasad delivered a sharp warning to the social media website saying that the government would take stringent action, including summoning its ceo mark zuckerberg to india, in case of any data theft of indians.
the data leak scandal has sparked an uproar worldwide, with countries like the us, germany, canada launching a probe into the misuse of data and to determine whether facebook violated privacy norms.
on april 26, the government returned for reconsideration the collegiums recommendation to elevate justice k m joseph but notified the appointment of malhotra as a judge.
(express photo by neeraj priyadarshi) on april 26, the government returned for reconsideration the collegiums recommendation to elevate justice k m joseph but notified the appointment of malhotra as a judge.
(express photo by neeraj priyadarshi)the much-awaited meeting of the five most senior judges who constitute the supreme court collegium, which was expected to act on its reiteration of justice k m josephs name, ended with the decision being deferred for the third time.
the meeting, which began at 4.
15 pm lasted nearly two hours, the longest any collegium meeting has lasted this year.
it was attended by all five members of the collegium, cji dipak misra and justices j chelameswar, ranjan gogoi, madan lokur and kurian joseph.
the meeting failed to reiterate justice k m josephs name despite having pre-arranged to meet to do precisely that last week, apart from suggesting other names for the supreme court.
the apex court is currently functioning with just 25 judges, six below its sanctioned strength.
five judges of the court are scheduled to retire in 2018  justice chelameswar as early as june 22.
on may 11, the supreme court had chosen to put its foot down, but cautiously, saying that it was for the reiteration but promising to send other names too for elevation along with the reiteration.
the calculation was that simply sending the reiteration would amount to throwing a gauntlet to the centre and likely to lead to a major confrontation.
read | not avenging justice k m josephs uttarakhand order: ravishankarprasad prasadthe collegium had then declared in its resolution: the chief justice and other members of the collegium have, on principle, unanimously agreed that the recommendation for appointment of mr justice k m joseph, chief justice, uttarakhand high court (parent high court: kerala) as a judge of the supreme court should be reiterated.
however, the said reiteration should also be accompanied by the recommendation of the names of chief justices of high courts for elevation as judges of the supreme court, for which detailed discussion is required.
the resolution had added: in view of the aforesaid, the meeting stands deferred for being held at 4.
15 pm on wednesday, may 16, 2018.
despite a detailed discussion on wednesday, it is not known what happened resulting in the deferral.
the date of the next collegium meeting too has not been fixed.
the supreme court goes on vacation after may 18 and will reconvene in july.
in the past, collegium meetings are known to have been held during the vacation as well.
there has been much debate about what is stalling the collegium from formally reiterating his name to the centre, despite stating they will do so on principle last time around.
according to rules, should the supreme court reiterate the name, the centre would have no choice other than to swear him in.
the matter of the elevation of the chief justice of the uttarakhand high court justice k m joseph was stalled by the centre, as it refused to clear his name, while segregating the case of justice indu malhotra, who was also recommended to be a judge in the same meeting of the collegium on january 10, 2018.
indu malhotra, the first woman member of the bar to make it directly to the supreme court, was sworn in last month.
the matter of justice k m josephs elevation has become a gauge of judicial independence.
this is especially because justice joseph, in march 2016, had struck down the centres bid to dismiss the state government in uttarakhand.
the law minister has denied that his elevation is being resisted because of this.
in its letter asking the collegium to reconsider the elevation of justice k m joseph, the government had cited over-representation of kerala, lack of sc/st judges and his lack of requisite seniority.
jurists and former chief justices of the supreme court have dismissed these reasons arguing for his elevation as the litmus test for judicial independence.
jurist soli sorabjee had said on may 8, that the ball lies in the court of the chief justice, adding that we dont need sarkari judges.
ex-cji r m lodha said that the governments segregation of the recommendations strikes at the very heart of the independence of the judiciary.
hitting out at bjp for making allegation that cbi was being misused to frame narendra modi in ishrat jahan fake encounter case,congress today asked if the opposition party is clean,why it is afraid of the probe.
people,who are not guilty should not be worried if they (bjp) are clean,why they are afraid of probe?
why do they expect that law should not take its course?
congress spokesperson bhakta charan das told reporters here.
investigation and fact finding are just the procedures.
unless and until the highest court convicts a person,you can not say that the person is guilty, das said.
he was responding to questions on bjps charge that congress was trying to frame modi in the ishrat jahan case.
congress has a pathological hatred against narendra modi even though people adore him for impeccable integrity and outstanding record of governance.
in spite of repeated defeats in elections,cbi is being abused as an instrument to frame him on questionable,collusive and spurious testimony, bjp leader ravishankarprasad prasad had told pti yesterday.
unimpressed by the union cabinets decision to set up a collegium for choosing cbi director,bjp had also alleged that the government was not serious about granting autonomy to the probe agency and continues to misuse it for political gains.
countering the allegations,das said at a time when the government is talking of giving autonomy to the probe agency,is it relevant to raise fingers on cbi.
he also hit out at bjp over the continuance of gujarat water resources minister babubhai bokhariya even after his conviction by a sessions court in a illegal mining case.
b'the key flashpoints: importance of seniority, need for judges to write their reasons down, having a committee to vet candidates to tapping the bar for the bench.
the key flashpoints: importance of seniority, need for judges to write their reasons down, having a committee to vet candidates to tapping the bar for the bench.
in first remarks as union law minister on monday, ravishankarprasad prasad, speaking to the indian express, struck a conciliatory note vis-a-vis the judiciary.
behind the scenes however, both sides are locked in an unprecedented exchange of notes, arguments and terms to hammer out the memorandum of procedure (mop) that will define the contours of this vital and uneasy balance of power.
of course, all this is easier said than done.
given the trust deficit between the two after the supreme court, in october 2015, struck down the national judicial appointments commission (njac) act and the 99th constitutional amendment which gave politicians and civil society a final say in the appointment of judges in high courts and the supreme court.
watch video: whats making newsit was this judgment that had recommended appropriate measures to improve the working of the collegium system.
a separate order, passed by a five-judge bench in december 2015, listed factors  these included eligibility criteria, transparency in the appointment process, secretariat and complaints  for preparing the mop.
multiple accounts, exclusively available to the indian express, reveal that the exchanges between the two sides reveal a tantalising faceoff thats as much about ideas as it is about power.
the key flashpoints: importance of seniority, need for judges to write their reasons down, having a committee to vet candidates to tapping the bar for the bench.
seniority & meritthe governments proposal is that while promoting a high court chief justice or a judge to the supreme court, the criteria of seniority, merit and integrity would be followed.
preference should be given to chief justices of the high courts keeping in view their inter-se seniority.
however, the judges view, said to be communicated to the government recently, is that the criteria of seniority as a high court judge, subject to merit and integrity, would be followed.
in other words, seniority is, yes, a factor but it should be subject to merit and integrity.
reasons in writingthe government has proposed that in case a senior chief justice being overlooked for elevation to the supreme court, the reasons for the same be recorded in writing.
the government says that of the five judges of the collegium for appointing supreme court judges, the views of each one must be made known to the government.
this is necessary for the sake of transparency and to ensure there is no favouritism, is the governments argument.
the collegiums counter-argument is that recordings of reasons for overlooking a chief justice or a senior puisne judge will be counter-productive as the reasons specified may mar his/her prospects of being elevated to the supreme court at a future point of time.
moreover, it may also affect his/her duties as judge or chief justice and may become a permanent blot on his/her career.
the judges quote a 1998 judgment of a supreme court constitution bench in response to a presidential reference on the issue of appointment and transfer of judges.
where therefore, there is outstanding merit, the judgment says, the possessor thereof deserves to be appointed regardless of the fact that he may not stand high in the all-india seniority list or in his own high court.
.
all that then needs to be recorded when recommending him for appointment is that he has outstanding merit.
the government thinks that merely recording that he has outstanding merit is not enough  and not acceptable.
because its argument is: how can you be sure no favouritism has taken place when judges with seniority in high courts are ignored?
in fact, the government claims, the 1998 judgment does not imply that reasons need not be given when senior judges are being overlooked.
three-judge quotathe government proposed that up to three judges may be appointed from the bar or from distinguished jurists with proven track records.
and that all judges of the supreme court should be open to recommend names for these postings.
but the judiciary says that this upto three tantamounts to either restricting the intake from the bar or fixing a quota of the bar.
and in neither case does it fall within the framework of the constitutional provisions.
after deliberation, the government has agreed with this view that fixing a limit is not necessary so long as their representation is assured.
committee & secretariatone serious difference between the two sides is over the governments proposal to set up an institutional mechanism in the form of a committee to assist the collegium in evaluation of the suitability of prospective candidates.
it wants two retired judges of the supreme court and an eminent person/jurist to be jointly nominated by the chief justice of india and the government.
the collegium feels thats not necessary.
the government counters that wider consultation is necessary to select best candidates.
to underline this, it argues that consultation is embedded in the constitution when it comes to judges postings.
article 124(2) says: every judge of the supreme court shall be appointed by the president by warrant under his hand and seal after consultation with such of the judges of the supreme court and of the high courts in the states as the president may deem necessary for the purpose.
the government has also proposed that there be a secretariat that maintains a database of judges, schedules collegium meetings, maintains records and receives recommendations and complaints related to judges postings.
the judiciary hasnt rejected the idea of a permanent secretariat  but it believes that forming and functioning of it should be left to the wisdom of the cji and it should be under the ambit of the registrar of the apex court.
the government, however, wants it to be under the law ministry.
it argues that the secretariat would help cast a wider net for better candidates and for the collegium to decide, it should have comparative data.
surely, the binding nature of the collegiums recommendation is whats bothering the government.
as per the existing system, the collegiums recommendations can be sent back but if it reiterates then the same, it is binding on the president.
that, the governments advisors argue, is only a matter of healthy convention and not a legitimisation of the judiciary to ride roughshod on the appointments.
above all, the government is arguing that three important judgments of 1993, 1998 and 2015 on appointment of judges does not give absolute powers to the collegium.
instead, they ask for participatory consultative process at the highest level.
all these arguments by the government reiterates, expectedly, that in the integrated process political executive has no role to play is incorrect.
b'prime minister modi stressed that mps should spend at least two nights in dalit-dominated villages.
prime minister modi stressed that mps should spend at least two nights in dalit-dominated villages.
days before b r ambedkar jayanti on april 14, when the union government will launch a three-week gram swaraj abhiyan, prime minister narendra modi on wednesday sensitised his council of ministers and party mps to aggressively reach out to the rural and dalit population and highlight welfare schemes of the government.
the prime minister, who addressed the mps via teleconference and ministers at an evening meeting, asked every mp to provide 100 free lpg connections on ujjwala panchayat day on april 20, sources said.
the government has already announced the gram swaraj abhiyan to reach out to poor households from april 14 to may 5.
the campaign is to promote social harmony, reach out to poor households, feedback on programmes and enroll in new initiatives according to the official notes.
during the 45-minute teleconference, which began with a tribute to social reformer jyotiba phule on his birth anniversary, modi repeated that mps should spend at least two nights in dalit-dominated villages.
the focus of his address was that as public representatives, we must go to people to see that the programmes have had the desired impact on the ground.
he also advised us to give importance to improve the delivery system.
it was a message for social and developmental outreach, a bjp mp said.
the mps said that modi was acerbic in his attack on opposition parties for stalling parliament.
he said that those who lost power in 2014 are still playing politics of arrogance and hunger for power.
he said all these (disruptions in parliament) were being done to hurt the interests of the poor and stall development works, the mp said.
the mp quoted the prime minister as saying that the opposition did not let a single business be transacted in the house.
to protest against the washout of the budget session, the prime minister and bjp leaders will observe a day-long fast thursday.
home minister rajnath singh, petroleum minister dharmendra pradhan and commerce minister suresh prabhu will participate in the fast in delhi.
many other ministers will observe the fast in various parts of the country.
defence minister nirmala sitharaman will be in chennai, hrd minister prakash javadekar in benguluru, mos for parliamentary affairs vijay goel in tamil nadu, mos for external affairs m j akbar in vidisha, madhya pradesh and tourism minister k j alphons in kerala.
health minister j p nadda will be in modis constituency varanasi, while law minister ravishankarprasad prasad will be in patna, sources said.
all party mps will observe a fast in their respective constituencies.
bjp chief amit shah will hold a sit-in at hubli in karnataka the same day.
for the gram swaraj abhiyan, the government has deputed 968 officials across 484 districts to act as nodal officers for coordinating the efforts of the centre and the states in achieving 100 per cent saturation coverage under select government flagship programmes.
states like karnataka, which goes to polls on may 12, west bengal where panchayat elections will be held next month, delhi and goa were excluded.
election commission would need over 16 lakh paper trail machinesto cover all polling stations in the 2019 lok sabha elections.
(file photo) election commission would need over 16 lakh paper trail machinesto cover all polling stations in the 2019 lok sabha elections.
(file photo)the election commission would need over 16 lakh paper trail machines, which dispel doubts about votes cast using evms, to cover all polling stations in the 2019 lok sabha elections.
quoting the commission, minister of state for law p p chaudhary said in the rajya sabha, a total of 16,15,000 voter-verifiable paper audit trail (vvpat) units are required for deployment in all polling stations in the lok sabha polls.
the proposal of the election commission is under consideration of the government, he said in response to a written reply to a question.
since june, 2014, the commission has given at least 11 reminders to the government seeking funds for vvpat machines.
last year, chief election commissioner nasim zaidi had written to prime minister narendra modi drawing his attention to the funds needed for the machines.
recently, he has again written to law minister ravishankarprasad prasad seeking funds for the same.
the voters see voter-verifiable paper audit trail slip for seven seconds, which would be an acknowledgement receipt for the party they voted for in the election.
vvpat is a machine which dispenses a slip with the symbol of the party for which a person has voted for.
the slip drops in a box but the voter cannot take it home.
recently when aap, congress and bsp had questioned reliability of the evm, the poll panel had come out with a detailed release defending the machine.
the release had also mentioned about the vvpat system, saying it has sought rs 3,174 crore for buying vvpats for every polling station in the 2019 lok sabha polls.
ecil and bel, two psus which manufacture vvpats and evms, need 30 months to manufacture the required number of vvpat units from the day funds are released.
the supreme court has supported the ec endeavour to use vvpats in a phased manner to usher in more transparency in voting.
pm narendra modi with cji j s khehar on sunday.
pti pm narendra modi with cji j s khehar on sunday.
ptiprime minister narendra modi on sunday stressed the use of technology to ease judicial processes while chief justice of india jagdish singh khehar spoke about expeditiously dealing with cases related to triple talaq.
they were speaking at the valedictory function of the 150th year celebrations of allahabad high court.
the pm assured the cji of complete cooperation from the government to strengthen the judicial system.
modi said the use of technology would save time and ensure that lawyers make sharp arguments in court that would help judges in taking decisions faster.
in his speech as the chief guest, modi said a janjaal of laws was created by earlier governments and the common man suffered its burden.
he said he was happy that his government had scrapped around 1,200 laws.
modi stressed the use of advanced technologies in the judicial system and suggested that dates for cases be given on mobile phones.
he also suggested connecting jails with courts through video-conferencing to save time and money spent on movement of prisoners.
expenditure is made on security as well as while taking prisoners from jails to the courts.
aur us marg mein kya kya nahin hota hai, yeh sab jaante hain.
.
ab yogiji (adityanath) ayen hain, toh shayad woh bandh hoga (everyone knows what happens on this path.
now that yogji has come, maybe all that will be stopped), modi said.
in his speech as special guest, cji khehar said three constitution benches had been formed for the coming summer vacation.
there were many serious cases that would make an impact on the life of people, he said, one of which was triple tala.
do not know what will be the judgment but the rights of the people will be defined, the cji said about that case and told about another case of citizenship in assam by saying that there are lakhs of bangladeshis who do not know whether they were indians or not.
they will come to know about their rights, he added.
the cji further said that as on january 31, 2017, there was pendency of 7 lakh cases in the allahabad high court and pendency of 2 lakh cases in its lucknow bench.
the cji said the pm speaks his mann ki baat and the entire nation listens to him.
today he was there to tell his dil ki baat to the pm, he said.
khehar said after becoming the cji, he found a marathon of arrears.
no one is going to come from abroad and settle our cases.
we have to do it ourselves, the cji said.
union minister for law & justice, electronics and it ravishankarprasad prasad said the government and judiciary would function in coordination for faster justice delivery.
punjab government has ordered an fir against bhartiya janata party (bjp) leader swaran salaria, owner of chintpurni medical college, pathankot, for allegedly not refunding fees collected from students after it was shut down.
maya shankar, wife of union minister ravishankarprasad prasad, is also a member of the educational society running the college.
advertisingpunjabs health secretary satish chandra has written a letter to senior superintendent of police, pathankot for registering a case of against salaria and other members of the management of the college in connection with non-compliance of orders.
the college was shut down in 2017 after the state government issued orders against the college for allegedly not following the guidelines of medical council of india (mci).
the students were shifted to various government-run medical colleges in december 2017 after they approached the punjab and haryana high court earlier this year.
the high court also directed secretary, health, medical education and research, satish chandra, to get the fee and security deposit refunded and documents returned.
he was asked to submit a compliance report on april 10.
advertisingchandra called two meetings on the issue in which principal of chintpurni medical college, rps boparai, was present on march 26 and april 6.
at an earlier meeting, boparai said the original documents were not returned as the students owed pending fee to the college.
later on april 6, he expressed his inability to refund the fee and return the documents as they were in the custody of the management.
no member of the college management attended the meetings.
as per the no objection certificate granted by the state government to the college, salaria is the chairman of the society responsible for the management of the college.
besides salaria, others who are on the society running the institute include ashok goyal as secretary, santosh salaria as treasurer, and members including maya shankar, wife of ravishankarprasad prasad, vipin mishra, shammy salaria, sim sim salaria, and richa salaria.
the supreme court.
(file photo) the supreme court.
(file photo)questioning the basic structure doctrine that acts as a check against legislative over-reach, a congress member of parliament from rajya sabha has written to finance minister arun jaitley asking the bjp to act against what he calls judicial encroachments to parliamentarian rights and has asked for a special session to discuss judicial activism.
shantaram naik from goa has questioned the validity of the basic structure doctrine, a supreme court ruling-backed principle under which certain basic features of the constitution, including fundamental rights, cannot be altered, diluted or destroyed through amendments by parliament.
the principle, reinforced in the 1973 kesavananda bharti case, is considered a touchstone in the debate over separation of powers and a bulwark against government excess.
i feel the time has come.
the bjp can do it.
they can challenge this doctrine, naik told the indian express.
in lok sabha the bjp has a majority, and in rajya sabha they can agree with a consensus.
but its only bjp who can now act on this and stop this systematic encroachment by the judiciary,.
saying in person every party, every politician feels the same, he said: if you call for a discussion through a special session of parliament then everyone will come forward to put this on record.
you will be surprised, but everyone is fed up of this judicial encroachment that has only increased over the years.
in a letter addressed to jaitley and union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad, naik writes, perhaps, you may or may not agree with me with respect to all the points that i seek to articulate on the issue of judicial interference but, it started with invention of basic structure if the constitution which, even dr b r ambedkar, perhaps never dreamt in his wildest dreams but, has, today, has become a law, which perhaps, no one can touch.
the letter further reads, if there was anything called basic structure incorporated in the constitution, founders of our constitution would have, certainly seen it but, it is supreme court of india who discovered that there was what is called basic structure imbibed in the constitution which, the parliamentarians, who are the representatives of the people, according to supreme court cannot question.
this means, if, presuming for a moment, parliamentarians desire through any democratic process, to change countrys parliamentary form of government to presidential form of government, they are forbidden from doing so as, according to the judgment, it would be changing of basic structure.
naiks tenure in rajya sabha ends on july 20, 2017.
he has been chairman of the parliamentary standing committee on law.
over the last few months, naik says, he dabbled with the idea of a written letter and finally wrote it wednesday.
i have spoken about this in private to arun jaitley thrice, while i was in upa.
in fact, more recently i took it up with him when even matters like a mps salary had judicial intervention.
but i didnt put that on record as it would seem petty.
i have been voicing this for a while, over the basic structure and judicial excess to my own party leaders and i had given the same suggestion to our law minister veerappa moily.
we couldnt do much as we do not have the required numbers in rajya sabha or lok sabha the way bjp now has, he said.
he is yet to officially inform his top brass or any one in congress about his correspondence.
today there are so many orders including how much weight a child should carry in his school bag, the nature of shops around highways, the dance bar issue etc.
what are the parliaments doing, if judges decide for all, he adds.
pointing specifically to the liquor bar ban near highways, he writes, as prime minister cannot decide judicial matters, so also, judges cannot interfere in the matters which are allotted to legislature and executive on the grounds that executive and legislature have failed to discharge their responsibilities.
two days after meghalaya governor tathagata roy endorsed a call to boycott kashmir and kashmiris economically following the pulwama terror attack, the centre thursday distanced itself from his remarks with union minister ravishankarprasad prasad saying that he didnt agree with them.
advertisingin the first official reaction from the government to roys remarks, prasad said: i dont agree with his tweets.
on tuesday, roy posted on twitter: an appeal from a retired colonel of the indian army: dont visit kashmir, dont go to amarnath for the next 2 years.
dont buy articles from kashmir emporia or kashmiri tradesman who come every winter.
boycott everything kashmiri.
i am inclined to agree.
watch video: what is jaish-e-mohammed, the terror group behind the attack on crpfthe remarks came at a time when kashmiris, particularly students, have been targeted by hindutva groups protesting against the pulwama attack.
an appeal from a retired colonel of the indian army: dont visit kashmir,dont go to amarnath for the next 2 years.
dont buy articles from kashmir emporia or kashmiri tradesman who come every winter.
boycott everything kashmiri.
i am inclined to agree  tathagata roy (@tathagata2) february 19, 2019also read | controversially unapologetic: tathagata roys most provoking statementsasked about the attacks on kashmiris and why the prime minister has not reacted to them, prasad said: what is important is action.
wherever it has happened, action has been taken.
we have said several times that kashmir is an integral part of india.
(the) problem is that some people only want answers from the prime minister without doing their responsibility.
amidst an unprecedented lockdown and information crackdown in the valley, as the minister in charge of disseminating information, union i&b minister prakash javadekar has the challenging task of explaining the governments position.
as the bjps spokesperson in delhi for close to a decade, javadekar is one of the most visible faces in the party and government.
having held the key portfolio of hrd in earlier modi government, he was fielded to firefight the three-language controversy overdraft education policy.
he counts streamlining of clearances to projects by environment ministry, a portfolio he continues to hold, as one of his key achievements.
advertisingravish tiwari: in the middle of the recently concluded parliament session, you called a press conference to talk about the work done by the government in first 50 days.
that is unusual.
earlier, governments used to come out with annual reports.
then we started reporting every 100 days.
but this time, the speed and scale were such that we thought it better to report earlier to the people of india, who have given us such a tremendous mandate.
(prime minister narendra) modiji had planned this in advance because we were told what we can do in 100 days.
since people were with us and had voted us in, we didnt want to lose a single moment in 50 days, so many things were done.
ravish tiwari: this was an eventful session for parliament and a lot of key bills were passed.
but the opposition is accusing the government of misusing its mandate to ram through legislation without scrutiny.
advertisingthats not true.
a majority of the bills passed in this session were carried forward from the previous session.
the rajya sabha had played the role of a speedbreaker.
these bills were passed in the lok sabha and sent to standing committees, but were not passed in the rajya sabha.
therefore, they had lapsed, had to be introduced again, and then they cleared both the lok sabha and rajya sabha.
this is the will of the people, not brute majority.
we have actually been more democratic than the previous congress government.
ravish tiwari: but the allegation is that the bjp engineered defections in the rajya sabha to manage numbers and push crucial bills such as triple talaq and article 370.
this creates suspicion in the minds of people.
what is the suspicion?
the triple talaq bill was twice sent to the select committee.
all bills have gone through parliament scrutiny.
and let us not demonise parliament  as if parliamentary committees are much more important than parliament.
let us not fall prey to that mischievous campaign the real issue is people have sided with modiji and now those in other parties are feeling pressured.
look at yesterdays (august 7) congress meeting (that discussed j&k).
there is a clear difference of opinion regarding article 370.
so when this happens, there will definitely be people who would like to come (and join us).
and they have resigned their seats (and joined us).
so what can be the objection?
ravish tiwari: you held the environment ministry for the first two years (2014-16) of the last government.
what change do you notice now after assuming charge of the ministry this year?
from your experience, what do you think is yet to be achieved?
when i took charge of the environment ministry in 2014, it was seen as a road-block ministry with anti-progress policies.
that has changed.
the average time taken for proposals to get sanctions was 640 days.
i brought it down to 180 days.
subsequently, in the last three years, it has come down to 108 days.
and this is without compromising environmental considerations therefore, our theory is protect environment, ensure growth.
so both growth and environmental protection are possible.
take for instance, the metro in delhi.
there was hue and cry by ngos when trees were cut to build metro stations now we have 271 stations.
thousands of trees were felled but thousands were also replanted.
now we have five times more greenery compared to earlier times and a public transport system for three million people every day.
this is how we are ensuring the best solution.
harish damodaran: the seed industrys estimate is that 30-35 lakh packets of htbt gm cotton are being sold.
the government considers the seeds illegal, but these are being planted.
why doesnt the government take a stand on this matter?
as far as herbicide-tolerant bt (htbt) crops are concerned, we had one application, which the applicant withdrew.
there is no application pending before us.
harish damodaran: but people are openly growing it and the government is looking the other way.
law enforcement and land are with the states.
these are not the subject matter of the centre.
apurva vishwanath: there are vacancies in the national green tribunal.
except for the principal bench in delhi, no other bench is functioning.
everyone is approaching the principal bench, and it is taking about a month and a half to list a case.
is there a plan to revitalise the ngt?
the ngt is an important institution ngt office-bearers had told me that they are conducting video conferences, so that is not an issue.
as far as ngt orders are concerned, these are opinions of various stakeholders.
but we follow the law.
a judge is judge anywhere.
if one judge is listening to the case, you cant say that somebody else must listen.
esha roy: the time taken to grant environment clearances has come down.
is it being brought down any further?
i want to streamline processes without compromising environmental considerations.
while protecting the environment, we must allow development to take place because that is how sustainable growth can be achieved.
and we are committed to sustainable growth after the paris agreement (2016), we have been achieving our targets and walking the talk.
we have already achieved energy efficiency of nearly 20-25 per cent and we will be achieving 35 per cent by 2030.
when modiji declared a target of 175 gigawatts of renewable energy by 2022, people thought it was impossible.
but we are progressing well more than 15,000 sq km of forest cover was added.
and this is very good news for the country.
we have taken decisions regarding e-mobility,bs-vi norms, change of fuel, building highways etc unnecessary processes and time wastage should be removed.
krishn kaushik: the jammu and kashmir reorganisation bill was introduced in the rajya sabha in the morning (august 5) and passed the same day.
do you think the opposition has no constructive role to play at all?
the opposition participated and discussed (the bill).
we first passed it in the rajya sabha and then in the lok sabha and all parties participated in the discussion.
that is how democracy works.
i wonder why you people have objections if the government is working fast and if we are taking pro-people decisions.
people should rejoice.
ravish tiwari: you went to jail during the emergency, fighting for the freedom of the press.
but now in the valley, there is a complete information crackdown  newspapers are not being printed, messages are not being delivered.
this is not true.
doordarshan is working.
akashvani is being broadcast in all languages.
media is visiting different places in the valley.
this is not emergency.
precaution is not emergency.
dont misread.
emergency was an upfront attack and the only attack that happened in india after independence.
niren de (attorney general of india during the emergency years) had said that the government had the right to take the life of any person.
my father was then a sub-editor at daily kesari.
on june 25 (1975), he was on night shift.
he returned in the morning and said police officers, who knew nothing about news, came to his office and asked to be shown the news.
they would then decide what was to be published, and how.
that was a frontal attack on democracy.
and very few in the journalistic fraternity protested.
ravish tiwari: two former chief ministers (mehbooba mufti and omar abdullah) are in jail.
precaution should not be construed as a policy you will very soon see normalcy returning to jammu and kashmir.
ravish tiwari: you call it precaution and indira gandhi called it maintenance of internal security.
this is an absolute injustice to us because we are a democratic government we are a successful democracy and people thought that modi is delivering and therefore we must vote for him people voted on their own and that is democracy.
and therefore, we should not demean the action of precaution.
sarthak ray: the bombay high court recently scrapped the rs 14,000 crore coastal road project and said certain processes were improper.
if processes are not followed properly and if there are discrepancies, the court has a duty to point it out and the government will complete it.
and the coastal road will be build.
sunil jain: the government is talking about bharat stage vi engines.
but the niti aayog has said that by 2025, there will only be electric vehicles and no new production of internal combustion engines will be carried out.
what is your view on the matter?
we must understand the size of our economy, population, the spread of the country which will be using the vehicles electrical mobility will be subsidised, patronised and promoted.
but ultimately, it cant happen in one day.
so till that time, you will require petrol and diesel engines also.
one should welcome it.
producers and manufacturers who were not ready to adjust to bs-vi norms have come on board.
and from april 1, 2020, every new car will have bs-vi engines let us wait and see what actually happens.
decisions are ultimately taken by the cabinet.
ravish tiwari: what was the kind of consultation that took place in the government as well as the party with regards to jammu and kashmir?
this has been the bjps stand for 50 years.
syama prasad mookerjee, the founder of the bjp, laid down his life for this.
so its not new.
the strategy and policy should not be confused.
the strategy has to be that we should not create unnecessary panic, manage the situation peacefully and it should benefit all.
and that is what is happening.
ravish tiwari: the government is arresting and detaining leaders of mainstream political parties.
why is the government afraid of democratic leaders in the state?
the upa government was in power for 10 years.
in those 10 years, our parliamentary delegations were detained at many places which witnessed atrocities against scheduled castes or scheduled tribes.
memory should not be so short.
krishn kaushik: a channel named namo tv was started during the lok sabha elections.
there was a lot of confusion about its ownership and status.
with such loopholes in the law, can there not be security threats?
(law and justice minister) ravishankarprasad prasadji is taking steps in this regard.
ravish tiwari:what are the challenges you are expecting to face in jammu and kashmir now?
the challenge is countering misinformation.
deliberate, mischievous campaigns are the only challenge scheduled tribes and scheduled castes get political reservation right from the gram panchayat to the lok sabha, but in kashmir, this was not there under the right to education, 25 per cent seats in private schools are reserved for poor children throughout the country, but not in kashmir.
dont poor children from j&k have the right to go to private schools?
the 73rd and 74th constitutional amendments (passed in 1992) gave panchayats real power.
there were no elections in kashmir but we conducted these successfully with 50-70 per cent voter turnout.
people will be happy because they will get the powers they were denied.
so this is a way to empower common people of jammu, kashmir and ladakh.
the way the ladakh mp spoke (in parliament) shows the aspiration of the people of the region.
ravish tiwari: rajya sabha member vaiko said the government has put kashmir in a kosovo-like situation.
i dont subscribe to what vaiko has said, but it is a democratic country and he has the right to speak his mind.
(home minister) amit shah responded saying kashmir will never be like kosovo.
that is an entirely different situation.
we are a peaceful country.
wait for 15 days and see the reaction of the people of kashmir.
prabhudatta mishra: we have not seen any new gm crop being approved by the current government.
what is the governments policy regarding gm crops?
before the final approval is given, there is a process of getting it (a gm crop) examined more thoroughly and field trials were recommended.
but no state government gave the permission and land has to be given by the state government.
so what can we do?
ravish tiwari: new technology has disrupted the media industry.
there is a legal vacuum as far as digital news platforms are concerned.
what will be the governments approach to tackle this issue?
advertisingdigital content is covered by the information technology act.
but now there are regular newspapers in digital format.
there is over-the-top content in film format, which then goes to the cbfc (central board of film certification), but there is no press council for digital (media platforms).
so there is a gap.
we have not started the process of dealing with this.
bjp general secretary and chief spokesman ravishankarprasad prasad today demanded that the letter written by finance minster pranab mukherjee to prime minister manmohan singh about his room being bugged be made public.
he said the comment by home minister p chidambaram that it was not a big issue was the biggest comedy of independent india.
prasad said that manmohan singhs government was drifting apart.
the left hand does not know what the right hand is doing.
the pm is acting like the ceo of a private company working for its owners, he said.
prasad said the office of the finance minister was bugged,yet he did not trust the home minister or the ib director.
rather he wrote to the pm.
after 10 months when the letter was leaked,the home minster says he did not know an inquiry was conducted.
commenting on the lokpal bill,prasad said the government is not clear on the provisions of the bill.
bjp is in favour of an effective lokpal law.
however,we need to have a base document to study the provisions.
an all-party meeting has been called on july 3.
we hope that by then some tentative view of the government would become clear, he said.
he said the congress has the habit of blaming everything on the rss and this was happening now with anna hazare and baba ramdev.
he further said when congress says that the party will act against corruption,it is a joke,and pointed to the 2g scam and the commonwealth games scam.
prasad said in the past three-and-a-half years,inflation has been on the rise and common man is suffering under an economist pm.
the government keeps saying that inflation would reduce and keeps setting new deadlines.
the government keeps saying that the petroleum companies are suffering.
however,balance sheets of the oil companies show that they have been making huge profits.
we will demand that the government give an official statement on the issue.
the government is torturing common man so that the oil companies can profit.
prasad said one or the other congress leader keeps saying that rahul gandhi should be made the pm.
he should be given a chance.
let the country see if he has the talent and potential to run a country like india.
congress lost in bihar in the constituencies that he toured.
the arrogance of the congress is similar to what the party had shown when emergency was imposed in 1975.
the party is getting embroiled in controversy and is becoming undemocratic.
they are talking language of emergency without imposing it, he said.
sixteen district magistrates will take centrestage wednesday at the indian express excellence in governance awards, a biennial event that celebrates the finest work done by the women and men at the forefront of governance and change across the country.
advertisingthe awards for outstanding work across 16 categories that range from agriculture to education and technology to women development will be handed over by five union ministers, who are special guests at the event.
the winners have been chosen from 249 entries received from 84 districts in 24 states.
the winning entries include projects like a cluster of solar panels installed on a hillock as an alternate energy source; a neo-natal unit in the heart of maoist territory and an anti-corruption drive along the international border.
the special guests are: nitin gadkari, union minister for road transport and highways; and micro, small and medium enterprises; ram vilas paswan, union minister of consumer affairs, food and public distribution; ravishankarprasad prasad, union minister of law and justice; communications; and electronics and information technology; piyush goyal, union minister for railways and commerce and industry; and dr jitendra singh, minister of state (independent charge), development of north eastern region, minister of state in the pmo; ministry of personnel, public grievances and pensions; and departments of atomic energy and space.
advertisingan eminent jury, headed by former chief justice of india r m lodha and comprising wajahat habibullah, former chairperson of the national commission for minorities and the first chief information commissioner of india, nirupama rao, indias foreign secretary from 2009 to 2011 who was also indias ambassador to the united states and china, and k m chandrasekhar, former cabinet secretary, chose the winners.
kpmg, the knowledge partner for the awards, conducted a thorough check on the parameters of innovation, impact, implementation and people participation for all the entries.
the shortlist was then verified by reporters and editors of the indian express by field visits and an audit after which the jury chose the winners.
these biennial awards are given to the most innovative solutions to governance challenges at the district level across the country and capture the widest range of what excellence in governance means  ideation, implementation and innovation.
the categories include: agriculture, education, health, implementation of central schemes, technology, women development, child development, inclusive innovation, agriculture, skill development, entrepreneurship and energy.
b'in the early hours of september 29, the nda government carried out surgical strikes on terror launch pads along the loc, and owned up to it.
on that day, the india-pakistan relationship entered a new phase, imbued with a new dynamic, bearing new challenges  and raising key questions.
what was the defined objective of the military strike and has it been accomplished?
have the costs of the proxy war that pakistan has waged against india been raised in a manner and to an extent that it is dissuaded in future?
what are the next steps for indias government, for managing the escalation?
in a robust democracy, these are questions that must be asked of the government and questions that the government must address, within the constraints and while keeping the necessary options open, without labelling the questioners as unpatriotic or anti-national.
but in a climate where the initial sobriety displayed by both government and opposition after the strikes is rapidly evaporating, serious conversation or questioning is being rendered difficult.
on show is the triumphalism and chest-thumping by sections of the ruling dispensation, being countered by immature claims and irresponsible dares issued by the opposition, particularly the congress.
watch video: surgical strikes: eyewitnesses accounts validate indias claim of a lethal strikeunion defence minister manohar parrikar broke through the general restraint with which his government had handled the aftermath of the surgical strikes with some effusive imagery, describing pakistan as the anaesthetised patient after surgery, and the indian army like lord hanuman, awakening to its own prowess.
union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad followed his colleagues trail, and went further.
suggesting that to question government and the army is to be with pakistan, he accused delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal of making headlines in the pakistani media and warned him not to do or say anything whereby our armed forces feel let down.
this, after kejriwal had exhorted the government, quite unexceptionably, to expose pakistans false propaganda.
watch video: surgical strikes: congress spells out three strikes carried out by upathe congress, after having initially supported the government, no questions asked, appears to be rashly overcompensating.
digvijaya singh has asked that the government furnish proof of the strikes, while, and here is the problem, the party has officially boasted that it had carried out similar strikes when it was in government in 2008, 2009, 2011, and 2013, but not taken political ownership.
all revelations are welcome, by those who are in power and those who have been.
but that a thought-through governmental policy can be upended so cavalierly by the congress in the heat of this moment, just to score points off the bjp, is immensely sobering.
the congress has raised questions that the congress must answer even as it interrogates the government.
there is need for greater thoughtfulness and responsibility on all sides.
the bjp-led government, which has opened a new front against the terror that has repeatedly struck the nation from across the loc, must refrain from drawing borders within.
and the congress must know that its rhetoric in this difficult moment will return to haunt.
congress party chief spokesperson randeep surjewala.
(file photo) congress party chief spokesperson randeep surjewala.
(file photo)a day after 25 crpf personnel were killed in a naxal ambush, the congress on tuesday launched a frontal attack on the bjp government in chhattisgarh, saying its inability to fight the guerrillas stems from the lack of willingness on the part of chief minister raman singh.
the inability of the state government in fighting naxalism lies in the lack of will of the chief minister, chief congress spokesperson randeep surjewala said.
he also took a swipe at bjp president amit shah over his partys expansion plan, launched from naxalbari in west bengal on tuesday, and said he should instead confer with the prime minister on how to stop naxalism.
dont put party before nation, surjewala said on twitter.
senior congress leader digvijaya singh accused the chhattisgarh chief minister and other bjp leaders, who win elections from naxalism-affected areas, of striking a deal with the guerrillas.
i have said this before and am repeating, that raman singh and all those bjp leaders who have won from naxalism-hit areas have struck a deal with naxals and there is some exchange between them, he said.
surjewala also questioned the central government for its failure to appoint a full-time director general (dg) of the paramilitary force.
the post of the crpf dg has been lying vacant since february.
no crpf dg post feb2017.
nia chief on 2nd extension.
lack of policy,plan & direction to fight naxals confounds bjpgovt.
has bjpgovt framed a congruous & comprehensive policy in 3years to deal with naxalism or was its resolution babble?
(sic) he said in a series of tweets.
congress spokesperson priyanka chaturvedi said the bjp had made strong claims of wiping out terrorism, but in reality the number of casualties of crpf jawans in the state has been the highest during its tenure.
she claimed that the intelligence failure and the lack of coordination between the centre and the state were the main reasons for the deadly naxal attack.
if we are serious of wiping terrorism from across the border, we should be serious about defeating terrorists from within the nation.
the congress made full attempts to defeat the scourge of these terrorists.
we wiped out terrorists in andhra pradesh.
we lost our senior leadership in chhattisgarh to naxal violence.
this was during the bjp tenure.
we have seen no action, she said.
digvijaya singh said naxalism cannot be wiped out till the state government takes the tribals and those living in these areas into confidence and talks to them.
you cannot end naxalism till the time you talk to all.
you have to first take the people living in naxal-affected areas into confidence, he said.
the congress on its twitter handle hit back at union minister ravishankarprasad prasad, who asked whether the families of security men killed in the naxal attack have any human rights, saying, of course they have human rights!
but, arent you the government?
you have clearly failed in defending these rights!
at least 25 crpf personnel were killed and seven wounded in chhattisgarhs sukma district yesterday, in the deadliest ambush by naxalites of security forces this year.
the nearly 100-strong crpf patrol providing security for road construction work came under fierce gunfire from maoist guerrillas occupying vantage positions at around 12:25 pm in kalapathar area of south bastar region, one of the worst-hit by left-wing extremism in the country.
home minister amit shah friday moved statutory resolution extending the presidents rule under article 356 in jammu and kashmir for six more months.
shahs urged to move the resolution until assembly elections are held in the state.
he also moved the jammu and kashmir reservation bill in lok sabha saying, this bill is not to please anyone but for those living near the international border.
the bill was introduced in the house on monday.
the bill will provide people living along the international border (ib) in jammu and kashmir the benefits of reservation in direct recruitment, promotion, and admission in professional courses on par with those living along the actual line of control (aloc).
a bill to amend the aadhaar (targeted delivery of financial and other subsidies, benefits and services) act will also be introduced by the minister of law and justice ravishankarprasad prasad today.
meanwhile, the rajya sabha will see a number of resolutions being moved, urging the government to check the population growth of india, manual scavenging and improve the conditions of farmers.
this also comes days after the election commission offered a public challenge to critics to find snags in evms. (file) this also comes days after the election commission offered a public challenge to critics to find snags in evms. (file)after receiving 38 communications from the election commission, the government on wednesday gave its clearance for allocation of rs 3,174 crore to the poll panel to buy 16.
15 lakh voter verifiable paper audit trail (vvpat) units for use in the next lok sabha polls.
announcing the cabinet decision, finance minister arun jaitley said voters have the right to know whether their votes have been correctly registered.
he expressed confidence that the machines with vvpat will be available by september 2018 if the order is placed in april this year.
jaitley said if all machines come by september 2018, there will be evms with vvpats for all elections thereafter.
he said the allocation of the entire sum  rs 3173.
47 crore  will be split through two financial years, and rs 1,600 crore will be given in the current year through supplementary and revised estimates.
the vvpat units will bring in an additional layer of transparency to the election process and boost voters confidence in electronic voting machines (evms), officials said.
the decision over the long-pending demand comes days after wrangling between members of the treasury and opposition benches in parliament over the vvpat issue.
the government had slammed opposition parties for questioning the credibility of evms after the bjps impressive victories in uttar pradesh and recent round of state elections.
this also comes days after the election commission offered a public challenge to critics to find snags in evms.while a group of 16 parties petitioned the poll panel recently to revert to paper ballot system for greater transparency and expressed doubts over the integrity of evms, parties such as the bsp and the sp raised doubts over the bjps victory in uttar pradesh.
the aap has also tangled with the ec on this issue.
the decision of the union cabinet, which was taken today in the absence of law minister ravishankarprasad prasad, will enable the poll panel to deploy vvpat units in all polling booths in 2019 general election, acting as an additional layer of transparency for the satisfaction of voters.
vvpat machines produce a printout of the vote cast using an evm, which can be shown to the voter to dispel doubts.
this printout is then deposited in a box and can be used to resolve any dispute regarding the election.
this would also result in compliance of the directions of the the supreme court in 2013 , which had asked the ec to implement the vvpat system in a phased manner, and the commission had committed to have it in place by the time of the 2019 general elections.
the ec today said vvpats will be manufactured by two public sector undertakings  bharat electronics ltd and electronics corporation of india ltd  as approved by the ec.
the psus need 30 months to produce the over 16 lakh vvpats.
bjp on sunday praised president pranab mukherjee for his statement that pakistan should dismantle terror infrastructure on its soil,saying he has really spoken for the people of the country and the centre should learn a lesson from him.
apparently hitting out at the government for holding talks at the highest-level despite tensions along the border,senior party leader ravishankarprasad prasad on sunday said india has failed to learn the lessons rightly.
is the government going to take some lessons from rashtrapatij (the president) who has really spoken for the people of the country and their feeling that pakistan must dismantle the infrastructure of terror.
talk and terrorism cannot go hand in hand.
i regret to say that centre is yet to learn the lesson rightly, prasad said when reporters asked for his reaction about pakistan high commissioner to india salman bashirs remarks that talks should continue irrespective of what was happening at the border.
prasad said he was more concerned about the indian government than the suggestion made by bashir,because the talks between the prime ministers of india and pakistan in new york was taking place when planning in the keran sector was being executed by the pakistan army.
president pranab mukherjee in an interview to a turkish daily had said,we demand of pakistan that the infrastructures created by the terrorist outfits in your territories,dismantle them!
keep your commitments to india,dont allow terrorists to use your land to perpetrate their nefarious activities on india.
mukherjee had said that unless that atmosphere is created,how could you talk about other developments?
army had on saturday foiled a major infiltration bid along the loc in keran sector of kashmir,killing four militants,as the operation against the infiltrating ultras in the area entered 12th day on sunday.
a group of militants had tried to infiltrate into kashmir through keran sector on september 24 but were intercepted by the army.
he also credited the president for the withdrawal of the ordinance on convicted lawmakers,saying the whole world knows rashtrpatiji had called council of ministers an asked them certain questions about the ordinance.
the belated entry of rahul gandhi with that trademark comment was not the factor (for the withdrawal of the ordinance),the mood of the country was the factor, thecongress leader said.
ravi shankar prasad (pti) ravishankarprasad prasad (pti)union minister ravishankarprasad prasad today said the centre was mulling further reinforcement in the it law to prevent cyber crimes including, posting and sharing of videos containing sexually abusive material.
the law and it minister said he has given directions to top officials in the it ministry to work on the matter to check such cyber crimes.
i have directed the it secretary, in particular, to revisit the it law if there is a need of further reinforcement on this issue i have already given the instruction, the minister told reporters here when asked about the increasing incidents of such crimes in the countrys cyberspace.
in response to a query on social networking giant facebooks controversy-ridden free basics programme in india, prasad said he was opposed to programme in the present form.
my serious problem of free basics is you get free only when you enter through my gate to get free service you have to enter through facebook gate that is plainly not acceptable, he said.
india is too big a country india is too open a country and our digital ecosystem today is the top of the world.
we have talked of digital access without hindrance.
in parliament, i have spoken when i was the communications minister.
.
i said no and we dont propose to permit free basics in the present form at all, prasad said.
law minister ravishankarprasad prasad tuesday said allegations of sexual harassment levelled by an additional district judge in madhya pradesh against a high court judge should be inquired into fairly and appropriate action should be taken.
an incident of alleged sexual harassment of an additional district judge in mp by a high court judge has come in media.
this incident, as reported, is deeply regrettable and unfortunate, prasad said outside parliament.
he added that the matter was sensitive, and it was very assuring that the chief justice of india himself had taken the initiative to follow up the issue.
i would wish, more as a citizen of india, that the matter needs to be inquired into fairly and objectively and in the event if the allegations are found to be correct, then i am sure, the judiciary led by the honble cji would be wise enough to take appropriate action, prasad said.
a woman additional district and sessions judge in gwalior had quit her job after accusing the hc judge of sexual harassment, a charge he has rejected.
the woman judge has sent a nine-page representation to the cji stating that the hc judge had some months ago started showing more than normal interest in her work.
the issue was also raised in lok sabha, with bjp mp meenakshi lekhi saying the incident showed that women were not safe even in the hallowed precincts of the judiciary.
supreme court declines early hearingnew delhi: the supreme court tuesday declined to grant an early hearing to a pil demanding registration of an fir and setting up of an inquiry committee to probe the gwalior woman judges complaint against a sitting judge of the madhya pradesh high court.
the bench asked the petitioner to approach the chief justice of india for appropriate orders.
b'suspended bjp mp ram jethmalani today gatecrashed into the parliamentary party meeting of the main opposition and accused it of being soft on the upa government on the corruption issue.
though jethmalani is not permitted to attend the weekly parliamentary party meeting of the bjp,he stormed into the venue in parliament house complex and accused the party of being too mild,sources said.
suggesting that the oppositions attack needs to be sharpened,jethmalani said bjp was not slamming the government as vociferously and strongly as it should have done on the issue of corruption.
he alleged that bjp is in a state of flux and not active enough in targetting the ruling party.
jethmalani also asked the party leadership as to why no action has been taken on removing him from the party though over three months have passed since he was served a notice.
he said he should either be thrown out of the party or the notice be taken back.
jethmalani was suspended on november 25 last year after he attacked the party over certain issues.
all bjp mps,including parliamentary party chief l k advani,leader of opposition in lok sabha sushma swaraj and her rajya sabha counterpart arun jaitley,heard jethmalani in silence as he spoke for 10 minutes before walking out in a huff,the sources said.
bjp mps ananth kumar,ravi shankar prasad and shahnawaz hussain among others spoke against jethmalanis behaviour and said this should not be tolerated.
several mps suggested that he should be thrown out of the party.
bjp top brass,however,is of the opinion that expelling jethmalani from the party will increase his damage potential and nuisance value as he will be free to speak his mind in the rajya sabha.
this would harm the party even more.
he may be issued a show cause notice on his conduct today,some of the mps said.
as a suspended member,jethmalani is bound by bjp whip and can speak or cast his vote in the house only as per the directions of the party.
meanwhile,party insiders said a decision on jethmalani may be taken soon in view of his outburst against bjp.
bjp president rajnath singh was not present in the meeting.
soon after the bjp parliamentary party meeting,senior leaders who are members of the partys parliamentary board,its top decision-making body,met at advanis office in parliament house and discussed the issue.
among those who attended the meeting included rajnath singh,swaraj and jaitley.
jethmalani has also written to the party president seeking an early decision on his suspension after a notice was served on him.
the noted lawyer,however,did not take any telephone call despite repeated attempts.
illustration: c r sasikumar illustration: c r sasikumarafter identifying a number of potential threats to the digital payments ecosystem in the wake of rising proliferation of such services, the centre has released draft rules for security of prepaid payment instruments (ppis) or m-wallets.
till date, these instruments are not governed by norms or rules, as far as cyber security issues are concerned.
these draft rules stipulate issuers of mobile wallets, which witnessed a surge in number of users post the government announced the decision to demonetise high-value currency notes, to have in place a privacy policy and the terms and conditions for use of the payment systems operated by it in simple language, capable of being understood by a reasonable person.
watch what else is making newsin november, the indian computer emergency response team (cert-in), considering the increasing threats to electronic payment instruments, had issued an advisory for users to refer to ensure safe use of electronic wallets.
some of those include using strong passwords on devices where these wallets are installed, avoid usage of public wi-fi networks to access the applications, creating unique passwords for wallets, and identifying points of contact in case of fraudulent use of wallets.
to prevent any security breach of wallets, in which inherently people store money for ease of use, the draft rules issued by the ministry of electronics and information technology specify that every wallet issuer should review its security measures at least once a year, and after any major security incident or breach, or before a major change to its infrastructure or procedures.
furthermore, the issuer would also need to establish a mechanism for monitoring, handling and follow-up of any cyber incidents.
a grievance officer is also proposed to be set up with every wallet issuing company in india, who would be responsible for receiving complaints from customers.
the e-ppi issuer shall publish on its website and its mobile application the name and contact details of the grievance officer, and procedure by which customers or any other person who suffers as a result of violation of these rules can make complaints to the grievance officer, the draft rules document said.
the grievance officer shall act within 36 hours and shall resolve the complaint within one month from the date of receipt of such complaint, it added.
notwithstanding the topical preparedness put in place by the government and the private sector players, to counter cyber threats, experts have indicated potential risks based on lack of awareness among individuals and organisations concerning security of their information technology infrastructure.
one the one hand, during the past year, 70 per cent of organisations were compromised in some way or the other by a successful cyber attack, other the other hand, nearly one-third do not have a written information security policy.
the recently reported breaches in the aadhaar infrastructure also buttress the need to have a strict data protection policy in place.
through these draft rules for wallets, comments for which can be sent to the government by march 20, the centre has proposed mandating end-to-end encryption by wallet issuers to ensure safeguarding of data exchanged through such systems.
furthermore, access to confidential information by the employees of the issuing company must be on a need-to-know and need-to-use basis, the rules propose.
the process of maintaining confidentiality of information shall be included in the information security policy, the document notes.
it minister ravishankarprasad prasad on thursday asked the global community to work on protection of data privacy while emphasising on innovations using data analytics.
in india, 1.
08 billion mobile phones, 60 million smartphones are a source of data, 112 billion aadhaar is are a source of data but on the other side, it is an equally important issue that data is mine.
i am the individual.
why should my data be made public, prasad said at the international conference on theory and practice of electronic governance (icegov).
while the draft rules for ppis propose a number of security measures to prevent any untoward incident, they do not detail any redressal mechanism in case of theft of money from a wallet.
earlier the government was in conversation with wallet issuers to have in place an insurance system for wallets, which would place the onus on issuers in case money is stolen from wallets, and the issuers would be in turn insured against such incidents.
b'at a time when the party is making corruption a major issue,bjp president nitin gadkari on saturday gave signals suggesting that controversial karnataka chief minister b s yeddyurappa is still not out of the woods.
he also referred to differences amongst senior leaders on important issues,saying this would harm the partys electoral prospects.
though gadkari did not name yeddyurappa in his presidential address here today,his remarks at the national executive that members should follow the high moral standards set by leaders like atal bihari vajpayee and l k advani was a signal enough.
our party has a legacy.
i appeal to our chief ministers,leaders and party workers not to do anything which would spoil the name of the party or make anybody point a finger at us, a senior bjp leader said,quoting gadkari having told the national executive.
yeddyurappa was present during gadkaris address.
allegations of corruption against him have dented bjps campaign on 2-g spectrum,commonwealth games and adarsh housing society.
congress president sonia gandhi had taken a dig at the bjp for failing to remove its corrupt chief minister while the ruling party had taken action against its union ministers and maharashtra chief minister.
though there were no clear indications about whether yeddyurappa will have to go,party leaders said gadkaris words may be a pointer of the things to come.
dwelling further on the issue of corruption,gadkari said,we in the bjp are aware of the magnitude of the issue of corruption.
in order to fight corruption,what is essentially required is the strong political will to overcome this crisis.
we believe that we all have to strive to have a system that encourages people to observe the right ethical values in place.
through innovative and result oriented measures,we have to work towards this end.
when yeddyurappa faced opposition charges of making out-of-turn land allotments to his sons and daughter,the bjp top brass reportedly gave him time till the local bodies elections in karnataka.
gadkari had feebly defended the beleaguered chief minister,saying his actions may be immoral but not illegal while senior leader l k advani had maintained that the party central leadership was dealing with the issue and was confident it will deal with it.
signifciantly,during the briefing,spokesman ravishankarprasad prasad laughed away a query when asked whether gadkaris remark that partymen should not do any such thing that will affect the image of the party,was directed at yeddyurappa.
let me reiterate our resolve not to spare the guilty.
our opponents can attempt to tarnish bjp,but i am afraid,that will not help them varnish their image, gadkari said at one point in his address while talking on transparency and accountability in governance.
gadkari also asked the party leadership to stop infighting as this harms the interest of the party.
if we are united then the future is good.
if you are divided then we will not get success.
if we leave aside infighting and unitedly contest elections then we will get success, gadkari said,according to party sources.
though the earlier infighting- in which some leaders even settled their differences through leaks in the media- has ceased,gadkari is apparently worried about the senior leaders speaking in different voices on the jpc issue.
he had to personally discuss the issue with pac chairperson m m joshi and request him to issue a statement supporting jpc to clear the air.
stunned by party patriarch l k advani s decision to quit key posts,bharatiya janata partys top decision-making body the parliamentary board tonight rejected his resignation,insisting that the party needs his guidance more than ever before.
the board held an urgent meeting at the residence of party chief rajnath singh hours after advani resigned from parliamentary board,national executive and election committee to protest gujarat chief minister narendra modi being made campaign committee chief.
the board passed a resolution unanimously rejecting advanis resignation.
soon after,senior leaders sushma swaraj,arun jaitley,ananth kumar and ravishankarprasad prasad went to meet advani to inform him about the parliamentary boards decision.
bjp parliamentary board has decided to reject the resignation of l k advani, singh said after the two-hour meeting.
shri l k advani,in a letter,sent to me resigned from the parliamentary board,national executive and election committee.
ever since the inception of the bjp and the jana sangh,he has been there as a leader and guide.
that role belongs to him and today the party and nation needs him to be there more than ever before, the resolution said.
the resolution was read out by rajnath singh in presence of swaraj,jaitley,kumar and prasad.
singh said only six of 12 members of the parliamentary board were present at the meeting.
four members,including modi,could not come at such a short notice,he said.
others absent at the meeting were murli manohar joshi,thavarchand gehlot and nitin gadkari.
they have also supported the decision taken by the parliamentary board to reject the resignation.
they have also talked to advaniji to request him to take back his resignation, he said.
as a party president,i have decided that under no condition,i will accept his resignation, singh said.
in the first bjp parliamentary party meeting after he came back to power, prime minister narendra modi on tuesday pulled up party mps for their poor attendance in parliament, and asked them to be present during legislative proceedings.
advertisingaccording to sources, the prime minister expressed displeasure over the absence of party mps from parliament and gave examples to drive his message home.
how will you feel if you win your election by 2 lakh votes but come to know that your best friend did not vote?
how will you feel if a rally by party president amit shah in your constituency is canceled at the last minute?
he asked party mps, adding that this is how the leadership felt at their absence from parliament.
the prime minister also cited the example of ljp mp chirag paswan for his good attendance in parliament and told bjp mps to learn from him as to how to come prepared for an issue to participate in parliamentary debates.
advertisingmodis message came in the backdrop of low attendance of bjp mps during the division of votes on the introduction of triple talaq bill in lok sabha on june 21.
there were 186 votes in its support and 74 against, even though the bjp has 303 members in the house and its allies have 50.
aimim member asaduddin owaisi had sought a division of votes when law minister ravishankarprasad prasad had introduced the muslim women (protection of rights on marriage) bill, 2019, also known as the triple talaq bill.
this is the first legislation tabled by the government in the 17th lok sabha.
the poor attendance of bjp mps has long been a sore issue for modi, who had flagged the matter time and again even during the previous term of his government.
parliamentary affairs minister pralhad joshi told reporters that modi likened parliament to a university for mps, saying it provides them biggest opportunity to learn and learning is something that never ends.
he also asked them to dedicate themselves to peoples service so that they are known for what they have done for the masses, joshi said.
b'pm narendra modi warned the ministers to be careful not to break any rules as electronic snoopers were ever present.
pm narendra modi warned the ministers to be careful not to break any rules as electronic snoopers were ever present.
many in the party were puzzled that prakash javadekar was appointed a cabinet minister, rather than piyush goyal, dharmendra pradhan and nirmala sitharaman, who are considered favourites of narendra modi and amit shah and whose names were doing the rounds.
actually, javadekars job profile in his new ministry helped bring about the elevation.
he was considered a suitable replacement for smriti irani because of his conciliatory approach.
later it was felt that whoever handled hrd should be promoted since the minister has to interact with senior academicians, iim, iit directors etc, and demands of protocol ought to be upheld.
word of advicepm narendra modi had a meeting with the new ministers.
he warned them to be careful not to break any rules as electronic snoopers were ever present, someone might be tapping their phones or using recording devices when speaking to them.
nor should they speak out of turn.
and that the media and opposition were looking to trip them up.
also, instead of wasting time in felicitation functions, they were told, they should get down to work.
house huntingseveral central ministers are keen on 12, tughlak road, as residence.
it is not the size alone that makes the building so coveted, but the fact that it is considered lucky.
the last tenant, former sports and youth affairs minister sarbananda sonowal, was elevated as cm of assam shortly after moving in.
the building also brought good fortune to former tenants ajit singh and his father charan singh, who became prime minister, albeit very briefly.
on the other hand, 7, safdarjung road, is a more spacious vacant bungalow but there are few takers for it since it is considered unlucky.
a former occupant, pramod mahajan, was shot by his brother.
vayalar ravi agreed to move into the house because he said he did not believe in superstition, but his wife died of an illness during the period he occupied the bungalow.
incidentally, retiring rajya sabha bjp mp v p singh of the princely house of badnore started a new tradition in government bungalows.
he put up a plaque listing all the previous tenants at 9, safdarjung lane.
he is the last in a long list, including rabi ray, biju patnaik, begum akbar jehan, manmohan singh, nanaji deshmukh, kalraj mishra and maya singh.
there is bound to be much demand for this house.
post scriptualas communications minister, ravishankarprasad prasad revolutionised the postal service thanks to e-commerce, which is very popular in the hinterland.
parcel revenues, up a mere 2 per cent in 2013-14, shot up by 45 per cent in 2014-15 and 80 per cent in 2015-16.
shortly before he demitted charge, prasad had conceived the idea of selling bottled gangajal (from gangotri and rishikesh) at post-offices and through delivery by postmen.
bureaucrats in the ministry were privately sceptical and keen to quietly shelve the scheme once the minister left, because they feared they would have to handle a spate of complaints from dissatisfied customers.
besides, it would increase their workload.
but prasads successor mos manoj sinha is equally enthusiastic about the concept.
sinha and prasad launched the sale jointly in patna last week.
web mischiefnewly elected bjp mla from assam angurlata deka faces the same problem as anupriya patel, leader of the apna dal, recently appointed mos in the modi government.
deka, an accomplished actress, has been harassed by trolls on twitter.
someone even posted a fake photo of her on the internet.
last week, she complained to police that communal tweets were sent out in her name from a fake account.
earlier, patel had also filed a similar police report that fake tweets were put out in her name to damage her political and social standing.
shah stays firmg m siddeshwara, mos for heavy industries, pleaded with party president amit shah that he be given a few days grace period before being dropped as a minister.
he was to celebrate his birthday in his constituency davangere, thousands of guests were expected and he did not want to be humiliated.
even after the birthday party, siddeshwara tried to persuade the bjp high command to change its mind.
siddeshwara had hoped that his fellow lingayat leader b s yeddyurappa would speak on his behalf.
but the bjps karnataka chief has had no luck even in installing his favourite mp shobha karandlaje in the core committee of the party for karnataka.
despite his strong recommendation, shah had omitted her name.
following demands of apology and action over the sexist remark made by samajwadi party (sp) leader azam khan against bihar mp rama devi on thursday, lok sabha speaker om birla said he will hold a meeting with leaders of all parties in this regard.
i will hold a meeting with leaders of all parties and then make a decision, birla said friday.
advertisingunion ministers smriti irani, nirmala sitharaman and ravishankarprasad prasad were among the leaders who demanded an apology from the sp leader in lok sabha.
while prasad demanded khans suspension from the house, irani called it a blot on all legislators.
azam khan should either apologise or he should be suspended from house, prasad said.
irani said, this is a blot on all legislators including men.
we cannot remain silent spectators to it.
we have to speak in one voice that this is unacceptable.
the entire nation watched yesterday what happened.
this house passed the sexual harassment of women at workplace bill.
i appeal to all to speak in one voice- you cannot misbehave with a woman and get away with it by just dramatizing it, she added.
advertisingalso, demanding an exemplary action against khan, defence minister nirmala sitharaman said, it is very encouraging to see everyone stand up and speak in once voice condemning what happened yesterday.
we look towards you (ls speaker) for exemplary action against him.
to politicise an issue related to women is outrageous, we have to stand together so why the hesitation in some?
why the dilemma?
why add riders?
i am not naming anyone for ppl( pointing towards congress mps) to interrupt my speech, the defence minister said.
cutting across party lines, several mps condemned azam khans remarks and demanded strict action against him.
asserting that the congress party is against disrespect of women, party leader adhir ranjan chowdhury said, congress party is against disrespect of women.
there have been incidents when sonia gandhi ji was called italy ki kathputli etc.
in parliament.
on the other hand, trinamool congress mp mimi chakraborty added: nobody can stand the parliament and tell a woman look into my eyes and talk.
speaker sir, all women here are expecting something big from you on this.
on thursday, former lok sabha speaker sumitra mahajan also said that there should be a training session for people like azam khan so that they can learn how to conduct themselves in parliament.
it is not (only) a matter of dignity of a woman or a man, khan made an objectionable comment which hurt the prestige and traditions of the entire parliament, pti quoted mahajan as saying.
asked what action should be taken against khan, the former speaker said, only suspension from parliament for a few days will not suffice.
there is a need for a seven-day special training for the people like him, so that they know how an mp should behave in the house.
khan should accept that he has violated parliamentary traditions and seek apology from the chair.
it should also be considered that unless he seeks an apology, he should not be allowed to speak in the house.
after making objectionable remarks, khan started terming the chair (rama devi) as his sister.
but the sher-o-shayri (urdu verse) which khan recited in parliament is not addressed to a sister, mahajan added.
mahajan also expressed disappointment over the reaction of sp president akhilesh yadav.
the lok sabha thursday witnessed high drama during the debate on triple talaq bill when khan made certain objectionable remarks against rama devi who was presiding over the proceedings, leading to an uproar with union ministers pressing for an apology from the sp leader.
advertisingrama devi had asked khan to address the chair and not to look at other members.
they protesters accused the tmc of kidnapping the mahali couple who had served lunch to bjp chief amit shah during his visit to the area in north bengal on april 25 last.
(file photo) they protesters accused the tmc of kidnapping the mahali couple who had served lunch to bjp chief amit shah during his visit to the area in north bengal on april 25 last.
(file photo)the bjp on thursday held protests in many parts of west bengal accusing the trinamool congress of kidnapping and forcing the naxalbari tribal couple, who had hosted bjp president amit shah during his visit last week.
the activists of bharatiya janata yuva morcha and the bjp organized protest rallies and meetings in kolkata, naxalbari, siliguri and districts of of north and south 24 parganas.
they accused the tmc of kidnapping the mahali couple who had served lunch to the bjp chief during his visit to the area in north bengal on april 25 last.
the bjp also alleged that the couple was forced to join the tmc, a charge which was, however, rejected by the duoraju mahali and his wife geeta.
the kidnapping of the mahali family and forcing them to join the tmc only shows that the tmc is afraid about the growth of bjp and that is why they are behaving in such a way.
such kind of heinous act is a reflection of a dirty, vindictive mentality, which tmc represents, bjp state president dilip ghosh said, while addressing a protest rally here.
a war of words has started between the bjp and tmc on the issue with union minister ravishankarprasad prasad calling it a textbook case of revenge politics which drew sharp reactions from the tmc which asked prasad to maintain dignity of the office he holds.
meanwhile bjp womens wing leader locket chatterjee today visited a house in chetla area of bhawanipore in kolkata, where amit shah had gone during his booth chalo abhiyan in kolkata last week.
i am here to meet the family members as we are concerned about their security.
if tmc can carry out such a heinous act in north bengal, then they can repeat it in bhawanipore, kolkata.
but tmc should remember one thing- you can force someone to join your party, but you cant force someone to vote for you, chatterjee said.
seeking to expand his party base in west bengal, shah had visited a slum in chief minister mamata banerjees bhawanipur assembly constituency last week.
b'karnataka high court chief justice dinesh maheshwari.
karnataka high court chief justice dinesh maheshwari.
in what raises questions of propriety and process, chief justice of karnataka high court justice dinesh maheshwari has this month started an enquiry on a complaint directly forwarded to him by the union law ministry against p krishna bhat, principal district and sessions judge.
bhat had been cleared for elevation to the karnataka high court by the supreme court collegium in april 2017.
bhats name was first proposed by the karnataka high court on february 10, 2016 and the supreme court collegium recommended his name for appointment to the high court on august 23, 2016.
bhats appointment was, however, stalled after a complaint was received by the then chief justice of india t s thakur in june 2016 from a principal civil judge in hassan district, who alleged atrocities and abuse of power by bhat against her.
the then chief justice of karnataka high court, justice s k mukherjee wrote to the chief justice of india on november 14, 2016, stating that the allegations levelled against bhat were incorrect and concocted.
and that the complainant was making such baseless allegations only to malign bhat.
on april 6, 2017, bhats name was reiterated by the supreme court collegium to the law ministry.
however, in december last year, the complainant sent a fresh petition against bhat to the government alleging that he had managed her earlier complaint.
as per norms, the law ministry does not communicate directly with the high courts for any complaints after the supreme court collegium has recommended a name for elevation to the high court.
but in this case it did, and chief justice of india dipak misra was not informed of the complaint which was directly forwarded to the karnataka high court by the ministry.
sources said that justice maheshwari, who took over as chief justice of karnataka high court last month, started proceedings against bhat on his own without first referring the case to cji dipak misra.
in a six-page letter sent last week, justice maheshwari told the cji that he had opened an enquiry against bhat on a complaint directly forwarded by the law ministry.
as per the judgment in the second judges case, in case the supreme court collegium reiterates a name, it is incumbent upon the law ministry to issue warrants for appointment of the concerned person.
despite the supreme court collegiums reiteration of bhats name, the law ministry has not issued a warrant for his appointment to karnataka high court so far.
pending his appointment, the collegium has also not made any fresh appointments to the karnataka high court, besides making only additional judges in the high court permanent.
sources said the cji had taken a strong view of the case which allegedly violates established procedure for appointment of judges to the high courts.
the matter is likely to be discussed in the next meeting of the supreme court collegium.
incidentally, cji misra was part of the three-member supreme court collegium which reiterated bhats name to the law ministry.
the collegium was then headed by cji j s khehar who had himself been the chief justice of karnataka high court and had observed bhat when he served as khehars registrar general.
the complaint against bhat was made by another judicial officer from karnataka who had been indicted in an inquiry conducted by bhat on the orders of the karnataka high court.
the judicial officer, against whom the local bar association had levelled allegations of corruption, had been transferred out of the district where she was serving.
she had initially resigned from her post, before withdrawing her resignation and filing a complaint against bhat.
union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad was not available for comment.
to keep pace with the ticking assembly polls clock, bharatiya janata party delhi chief vijay goel on wednesday announced that the party will celebrate the birth anniversary of b r ambedkar by arranging for a mass meal,in which party workers of all communities will eat together.
top party brass will attend the meal to give strength to delhi bjp presidents movement.
goel said rajnath singh,sushma swaraj,varun gandhi,anant kumar,ravi shankar prasad,nitin gadkari and shyam jaju are expected to join other senior bjp leaders in the meal.
criticising congress for not doing anything for the dalit community,goel said the literacy and graduation rate of dalits is very low compared to that of general category.
goel alleged that congress did not provide adequate medical facilities for dalits living in the capital.
goel announced that he will visit dalit colonies on foot to know the problems faced by them and to generate awareness about bjps schemes for them,if it comes to power.
to achieve this bjp has also constituted a core committee with councillors who belong to the dalit community.
we will organise medical camps for the dalits and also become facilitators between government hospitals and dalits.
we will assure that any dalit who approaches us will not face any problem in getting treatment in government hospitals, goel said.
the bjp-led municipal corporations did not provide notebooks to their students this academic session,but goel went on to promise better education for dalit students.
we will provide books to dalit students from class i to ias-level.
we will make groups of 10 students and pay the tuition fee of these students.
party will also tell every worker to employ at least one dalit.
we will ensure that dalit auto drivers,who have not been issued badges,will be given badges so that they can have their own autos, claimed goel.
goel alleged that congress-led delhi government failed to provide employment to dalits.
from 2003 to 2012,of the 10 lakh applicants only 12,000 people got jobs and of these 8,000 got jobs during commonwealth games as drivers and conductors.
we will ensure that people from the dalit community will get jobs, he said.
it is goels third such movement to woo communities that are traditionally not bjp voters.
asked if the cabinet has cleared some relief measures for home buyers as per the recommendations of the panel, prasad said, an ordinance, till it is approved by the president, i cannot speak about the details.
(express photo by prem nath pandey) asked if the cabinet has cleared some relief measures for home buyers as per the recommendations of the panel, prasad said, an ordinance, till it is approved by the president, i cannot speak about the details.
(express photo by prem nath pandey)the cabinet on may 23 approved promulgation of an ordinance to amend the 16-month-old insolvency and bankruptcy code (ibc), which proposes to classify home buyers as financial creditors at par with lenders to help them quickly get refunds from defaulting companies.
the amendment comes months after a new section 29a was added into the bankruptcy code in november, introducing four layers of ineligibility for potential bidders.
the present amendment is based on recommendations of a 14-member government-appointed committee that had last month suggested a slew of measures, including addressing woes of home buyers and making recoveries easier for lenders.
briefing reporters after the meeting of the union cabinet, minister for law and justice ravishankarprasad prasad said, its a new legislationthe cabinet has approved it.
he, however, refused to divulge further details citing constitutional provisions.
asked if the cabinet has cleared some relief measures for home buyers as per the recommendations of the panel, prasad said, an ordinance, till it is approved by the president, i cannot speak about the details.
the insolvency law committee had last month recommended to the ministry of corporate affairs, that home buyers should be treated as financial creditors, which will allow them to equitably participate in an insolvency resolution process.
the panel has also suggested relaxations for micro, small and medium enterprises (msmes) under the ibc.
read | how the first fruit of insolvency law also spotlights its wider challengeswith realty firms, such as jaypee infratech, facing insolvency proceedings, the ordinance, once approved by president ramnath kovind and promulgated, will provide relief for home buyers facing hardships due to incomplete real estate projects.
under the code, financial creditor implies any person to whom a financial debt is owed.
the financial debt can include money borrowed for interest.
the panel had suggested that the government should exempt msmes from the application of certain provisions of the code.
illustratively, since usually, only promoters of an msme are likely to be interested in acquiring it, the applicability of section 29a has been restricted only to disqualify wilful defaulters from bidding for msmes, it had noted.
section 29a of the code pertains to ineligibility criteria for bidders.
besides, the panel had suggested that only those who contributed to defaults of the company or are otherwise undesirable should be ineligible from bidding for stressed assets under the code.
read | law and learningfor withdrawal of resolution application in exceptional circumstances, the panel has suggested that in such cases, there should be approval from the committee of creditors (coc) with ninety percent of the voting share.
in order to facilitate successful implementation of the resolution plan by the successful bidder, it has been proposed to allow one year time to obtain necessary statutory clearances from central, state and other authorities or such time as specified in the relevant law, whichever is later, the committee said.
in january, the ibc was amended to prevent unscrupulous persons from misusing the law.
wilful defaulters and those whose accounts have been classified as non-performing assets, among others, are barred from bidding for stressed assets.
the ibc, which came into force on december 2016, provides for market-determined and time-bound insolvency resolution process.
b'the cji occasionally chatted with delhi lieutenant governor najeeb jung, while pm modi exchanged a word or two with law minister ravishankarprasad prasad at a recent function.
(source: pti photo) the cji occasionally chatted with delhi lieutenant governor najeeb jung, while pm modi exchanged a word or two with law minister ravishankarprasad prasad at a recent function.
(source: pti photo)visible stand-offprime minister narendra modi and chief justice t s thakur shared the dais at a function to mark the 50th anniversary of the delhi high court.
throughout the 90-minute ceremony, the two men did not speak to each other or even exchange glances.
the cji occasionally chatted with delhi lieutenant governor najeeb jung, while modi exchanged a word or two with law minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
the body language of the two was reflective of the stand-off between the judiciary and the executive over the appointment of judges.
thakur is to retire on january 3 next year but the cold war between the judiciary and executive is likely to continue.
his successors, justice j s khehar and justice dipak misra, share similar views on the need to uphold the primacy of the collegium, over the executive, in judicial appointments.
watch what else is making newsseasonal bonhomiethe prime minister urged his senior party leaders to reach out to the media during the diwali season and connect with them on various issues facing the government.
in response, several central ministers threw diwali parties for journalists and some sent gifts.
avoiding the conventional sweetmeats-and-nuts route, a few ministers opted for the unusual: one presented a packet of ghee made from cows milk, another four cans of deodorant spray.
a particularly lavish gift was a juicer-cum-mixer and a grinder.
some scribes returned the costly gift.
open houseit is increasingly becoming difficult for the media and party workers to get an opportunity to speak to bjp president amit shah.
his staff fob off all callers with the promise that the message will be conveyed to the elusive party president.
but a day after diwali, on the occasion of the gujarati new year, shah announced that he would personally respond to all telephone callers during the day and meet every visitor at his ahmedabad address.
having gotten wind of shahs open house policy, thousands came to call on him.
the bjp president also spoke to over 300 well-wishers on the phone.
the only catch: the conversation never extended beyond greetings and good wishes.
queries about the party and the government were politely brushed aside as well as requests for information on party nominations.
trump cardthe trump organization, owned by republican presidential candidate donald trump, is interested in developing business contacts in india, but most of its proposed deals have so far not fructified.
prithviraj chavan recalls meeting donald trump jr in 2011, when he was chief minister of maharashtra.
a local businessman had brought trump jr and promised the then chief minister that the trump organization was interested in investing crores in the state.
on investigation, however, chavan discovered that far from investing money, the trump business house was in fact looking to take money out of the country by lending its name to indian businesses.
chavan refused to facilitate the group by bending rules, but it succeeded in entering into a deal with a pune developer, who built a 22-storey tower using the trump name.
the state government is now investigating discrepancies in the companys land records.
dressing downthe tiny kingdom of bhutan has some old-world traditions which make it different from neighbouring india.
one of its customs is that people dress formally, generally wearing their national dress, to work.
when film star aamir khan was invited to address the prestigious training institute for government probationers, the bhutanese were taken aback that the actor came casually dressed, even sporting a bandana.
aamirs clothes evoked much comment, both in the bhutanese press and on social media.
pilot strikesthe aicc headquarters in delhi, sleepy and mostly deserted these days, suddenly sprang to life 10 days ago.
hordes of jats descended on its lawns to witness two senior rajasthan jat leaders, subhash mehria and dr hari singh, who were earlier with the bjp, announce their return to the congress.
for the congress, it was sweet revenge after rita bahuguna joshis switch to the bjp, and the defection of 43 out of 44 congress mlas in arunachal pradesh.
both mehria, a former minister in the vajpayee government, and hari singh, a former state minister who supported vasundhara raje in the last election, have considerable following in the community.
the man responsible for the surgical strike, which brought some cheer to a rather disheartened congress, was rajasthan pradesh congress chief sachin pilot.
bjp on thursday came out in defence of amit shah, saying narendra modis close aide, who was censured by the election commission for controversial poll speeches, did not violate the model code of conduct.
bjp leader ravishankarprasad prasad, at the same time, welcomed the poll panels action against uttar pradesh minister azam khan, alleging the sp leader made provocative speeches seeking to spark communal tension.
the election commissions orders are final.
but as far as my understanding.
in case of amit shah, i have checked and re-checked all his speeches and it was not at all a violation of the model code of conduct, he said.
yes, in case of azam khan it was evident.
he challenged the authority of the election commission.
he gave provocative speeches.
seeking (to create) a communal divide, prasad said.
the commission had censured shah and khan for making controversial remarks during the poll campaigning.
the ecs decision came days after it had banned the two leaders from campaigning in uttar pradesh during the ongoing lok sabha elections.
reacting to the ec order, shah had said he would abide by the poll panels decision while comparing himself with the best bowler who also bowls a no-ball.
the intention in my speeches was not to violate the model code.
it is the election commissions prerogative to interpret my speeches.
the election commission is the supreme body and i will abide by its decision.
when any bowler bowls, he also throws a no-ball, he has said.
b'onam wishes to you all.
i pray that this special festival furthers the atmosphere of harmony & happiness across our nation, prime minister modi tweeted.
(file photo) onam wishes to you all.
i pray that this special festival furthers the atmosphere of harmony & happiness across our nation, prime minister modi tweeted.
(file photo)prime minister narendra modi on wednesday greeted the nation on the occasion of onam.
onam marks the beginning of the harvest season in various parts of the country especially in the southern states.
celebrated with traditional gaiety and enthusiasm, onam reflects the central role of agriculture in the society.
onam, which is the state festival of kerala, is an annual celebration of the homecoming of king mahabali, who is believed to come from the underworld to visit his citizens.
kerala witnessed its golden period under the reign of king mahabali.
the grandeur of the festival attracts hundreds of people across the country to kerala.
onam wishes to you all.
i pray that this special festival furthers the atmosphere of harmony & happiness across our nation.
narendra modi (@narendramodi) september 14, 2016union ministers ravishankarprasad prasad and prakash javadekar also tweeted out their onam wishes while railways minister suresh prabhu made announcements of two new trains for the occasion of onam.
may the festival of #onam bring peace, happiness & prosperity in your life.
happy onam pic.
twitter.com/0bgcuyzmiw  ravishankarprasad prasad (@rsprasad) september 14, 2016let the festival of #onam bring happiness, joy and prosperity in the lives of one and all.
prakash javadekar (@prakashjavdekar) september 14, 20162 spl trains kerala #onam rush from bangalore at 11.
15 hrs for trivandrum&19.
30 hrs for kannur today,addition to 6 regular trains.
we care  suresh prabhu (@sureshpprabhu) september 13, 2016we r trying to run special trains to kerala so that people can celebrate their #onam festival with their families.
suresh prabhu (@sureshpprabhu) september 12, 2016india is celebrating onam on wednesday.
b'last week, pillai told times now that a lashkar group, of which ishrat jahan (above) was an alleged member, was lured by the ib to gujarat in 2004 before being gunned down, allegedly in a fake encounter.
last week, pillai told times now that a lashkar group, of which ishrat jahan (above) was an alleged member, was lured by the ib to gujarat in 2004 before being gunned down, allegedly in a fake encounter.
as former home secretary g k pillai again targeted his former boss p chidambaram, who was union home minister when the upa government changed its affidavit in the ishrat jahan encounter case, the bjp tuesday attacked the congress brass and urged the government to investigate the entire flip-flop on the case.
pillais statements on luring the alleged lashkar-e-toiba group to gujarat also prompted vrinda grover, lawyer for ishrats mother, to demand that the former home secretary be made a prosecution witness since his remarks backed the cbi finding that the encounter had been faked.
watch video | ishrat jahan fake encounter case: all you need to knowaddressing a press conference at the bjp office, union minister ravishankarprasad prasad said: enough suspicious circumstances have arisen from the statements of the home secretary, confirmed by the then under secretary, that the decision was taken by mr chidambaram by bypassing them, by changing the complete complexion (of the case).
he also alleged that chidambaram had done so at the behest of the congress high command.
the upa government had filed two affidavits in response to a petition filed in the gujarat high court by the kin of javed shaikh alias pranesh pillai, one of the men killed with mumbra woman ishrat jahan on the outskirts of ahmedabad.
in the revised affidavit, references to ishrats alleged lashkar links were removed.
not ruling out a judicial probe in the matter, prasad said: there was a consistent campaign against mr modi (narendra modi was chief minister of gujarat in 2004) that he needs to be framed, amit shah (then gujarats home minister) needs to be framed by hook or by by crook.
and the entire government machinery was abused.
bjp demands that the government of india investigate this.
we are demanding that a fair inquiry be done on the entire flip flop on the ishrat jahan case.
last week, pillai told times now that a lashkar group, of which jahan was an alleged member, was lured by the intelligence bureau (ib) to gujarat in 2004 before being gunned down, allegedly in a fake encounter.
he claimed there was never any discussion among officials in the home ministry about altering the centres earlier affidavit in the case.
from express archives: r v s mani affidavits tell how he was coercedpillai later said: it was done by the minister himself.
you will have to ask the minister why he changed it, because none of us changed it.
on monday, chidambaram said pillai was equally responsible for the second affidavit which was an absolutely correct affidavit, that he as a minister accepted responsibility for it.
also on tuesday, r v s mani, who was under secretary in the home ministry and had filed the two affidavits, in an interview to times now, repeated allegations he had levelled in july 2013  and reported by the indian express then  that he had been coerced by the cbi to sign statements to project the encounter killing as fake.
the indian express had reported that mani had also lodged a complaint against a gujarat ips officer who was part of the cbi probe into the encounter.
he had said his statements to cbi should be recorded in the presence of the chief vigilance officer or his authorised representative or a lawyer.
pillais statements may give the case a new legal twist.
vrinda grover, lawyer for ishrat jahans mother shamima kausar, told the indian express that pillai should be made a prosecution witness as he was supporting the cbi case which alleged that ishrat was killed in a fake encounter after gujarat police and ib entered into a conspiracy.
pillai should be made a prosecution witness.
his statement supports the prosecution case that the encounter was fake.
he has publicly come out in the open saying he has some information about the case.
he is practically saying that this was a fake encounter, grover said.
she said she did not want to join the political circus going on in ishrats name and wanted to see how the government responds to the developments before initiating legal action.
we want to see if the home ministry is ready to reopen the case in the light of a former home secretarys statement that the encounter was fake.
we will see their response and then take the next step, she said.
in the interview to times now, pillai said: it was a very successful intelligence operation we managed to entice the let to send their shooters to india and were able to monitor their activities in india and to, in one sense, catch them.
it was a very planned operation something intelligence agencies around the world do.
yes, it was a trap and it was a very successful operation you are using the sources of let, people who think they are let, to be able to pass on information.
it is always better to know when your enemy is coming in rather than wait for collateral intelligence where someone plans something without your knowledge.
grover said pillai had only corroborated the cbi chargesheet in the case.
it is even in the cbi chargesheet that two among the group were let terrorists.
the ib had been tracking one of them.
they had been picked up earlier and, thereafter, javed and ishrat were picked up.
once you have people in your custody chargesheet talks about even the farmhouses where they were kept.
even after that, you are killing them.
the cbi filed a chargesheet against seven police officers in the case.
all are out on bail now.
the cbi request for sanction to prosecute four ib officers in the case was rejected by the home ministry last june.
since then, the case has not moved forward.
union minister ravishankarprasad prasad union minister ravishankarprasad prasadchandigarh has been conferred with an award for outstanding performance during the digital india week.
the award was presented by union minister for communications and information technology ravishankarprasad prasad to ut district information officer rajnish in new delhi on december 28.
chandigarh has received the award for e-governance initiatives undertaken during the digital india week held from july 1 to july 7.
the period saw the launch of e-stamping facility in all sampark centres, digital lockers, and citizen-centric mobile apps such as mobilerla and msampark, as well as awareness camps on information security.
dr s b deepak kumar, secretary (information technology), said, our endeavour is to leverage it in improving the life of every resident.
this award will motivate us to undertake initiatives that will bring citizens to the centre stage of governance.
prince dhawan, director (information technology), said, it is a turning point for the city beautiful which has embarked upon its journey to become a smart city.
we are working on more e-governance initiatives.
b'if the bjp had actually lived up to its 2014 promises, there might have been that journey of hope and development, claimed by ravishankarprasad prasad.
(illustration: mithun chakraborty) if the bjp had actually lived up to its 2014 promises, there might have been that journey of hope and development, claimed by ravishankarprasad prasad.
(illustration: mithun chakraborty)if ravishankarprasad prasad (before and after four years, ie, may 26) cannot hear the bells tolling all the way from kairana to bhandara, he must be tone deaf.
ask not for whom the bell tolls, ravishankarprasad ji, it tolls for thee.
there have been two truths evident since 2014.
first, it was not the bjp that won that long ago lok sabha election; it was the opposition that lost it.
for, the upa alliance quietly and patiently stitched together in 2004 by sonia gandhi to bring down the vajpayee india shining government, and then carried forward for an entire decade, started unraveling in the latter days of upa-ii.
by the time 2014 came around, there was virtually no upa left.
narendra modi and his team moved into the political vacuum.
all it will take to get that vacuum vacated is for an alliance of non-bjp parties to again come together.
alwar, ajmer, gorakhpur, phulpur, bhandara and kairana have all shown that the opposition has only to hang together to stop being hanged separately.
there is no modi magic, no unbeatable oratorical charisma, and nothing in the record of the last four wasted years but lies, fibs and dodgy statistics.
therefore, the modi-shah duo are left struggling on the horns of the dilemma as to whether to save their fortresses of rajasthan, madhya pradesh and chhattisgarh by bringing forward the lok sabha elections to the winter of 2018 or keep to the may 2019 deadline, even if that means going into the election with the shame of defeat in these states hanging around their necks.
either way, the end of the modi regime has been signaled.
chand roz, meri jaan/faqt, chand hi roz.
the second clear truth is that it is not till the math is right that the chemistry will kick in.
an opposition destined to lose will stick to their individual identities to live to fight another day.
on the other hand, an opposition that sees victory on the horizon will, as in the past, work towards a common identity, a common agenda.
post karnataka, little doubt remains that opposition unity will determine the outcome of the next lok sabha election as decisively as disunity in upa ensured the wipe-out of 2014.
exactly a hundred years ago, the huge gap between an isolationist united states and a europe in disarray enabled germany in 1914 to launch its assault on the allies.
by 1918, the excesses of the kaisers men brought the us into europe and resulted in the crushing defeat of imperial germany.
by a fascinating coincidence, exactly a hundred years later, in 2014, modis bjp successfully assaulted a hopelessly divided opposition.
four years on, as in 1918 so in 2018, the forces sent reeling back have regrouped and launched the counter assault.
the allies humbled the germans on november 11, 1918.
it is entirely on the cards that if, in panic, modi-shah bring forward the next lok sabha elections to coincide with the clutch of coming state elections, november 11, 2018 might see a new indian prime minister being sworn in.
in up, the bjp won 71 of 80 seats in 2014 and then registered a massive victory in terms of the number of seats in 2017.
but in 2017, up had actually voted overwhelmingly against modi and his cohort, as revealed by the 22 per cent vote share of the bsp and the 27 per cent vote share of the sp, plus the contribution of the congress and the rjd.
taken together, these parties would have won well over half the vote and around two-thirds of the seats  thus finishing the bjp as decisively as the entry of the us into word war i in april 1917 spelt the end of the beginning and the beginning of the end for the germans.
the sp and bsp have now shown that they have learned that lesson.
ravi shankar prasad may trot out all the renamed schemes he likes and claim credit for his party for all of them, but the people have long realised that while the bjp is excellent at coining acronyms, it is only building marginally on the development legacy that the earlier congress and congress-led governments left for the country.
the most egregious example of such befooling of the public is modis claim to have electrified 100 per cent of the country when its well known that it is only the last 4.
6 per cent that have benefitted from modis largesse  95.
4 per cent having been accomplished before that dreadful summer day four years ago when modi was sworn in.
if the bjp had actually lived up to its 2014 promises  bringing back black money to the extent of rs 15 lakh per indian, ensuring farmers a healthy remuneration for farm produce; moving in the direction of doubling farm incomes, accelerating growth to the vicinity of double digits; genuinely promoting cooperative federalism, carrying all sections of society for the progress of all such as to end minority marginalisation and vulnerability, actually delivering on gandhis dream of swachh bharat, settling matters with pakistan and and bringing peace to kashmir  there might have been that journey of hope and development, claimed by ravishankarprasad prasad.
this could have given the bjp enough accretion of credibility to overcome the mathematics of opposition unity.
after all, jawaharlal nehrus good governance led to his increasing his vote share and seats in every successive general election he fought from 1952 to 1957 to 1962.
moreover, nehru reached out to his opponents to the point where one of the giants among them, hiren mukherjee, titled his biography of nehru, the gentle colossus.
modi believes he is a colossus but no one in the opposition wants him.
his arrogance has consolidated the opposition, which might have never happened had he respected and reached out to them as nehru did.
indeed, modi has so alienated such large swathes of the sangh parivar, especially by his disgraceful treatment of the veteran lal krishna advani, that even if his party would want the bjp to win, they would much rather that the modi nightmare ended.
b'curfew was imposed in parts of both madhya pradesh and uttar pradesh; mobile internet services stand suspended.
(visuals from ahmedabad/express photo by javed raja/file) curfew was imposed in parts of both madhya pradesh and uttar pradesh; mobile internet services stand suspended.
(visuals from ahmedabad/express photo by javed raja/file)fresh violence broke out in rajasthans hindaun city in karauli district on tuesday as a mob of 3,000 angry people from other castes set ablaze the house of two dalit politicians as a counter-protest against mondays bharat bandh.
meanwhile, the death toll due to dalit protest rose to eleven after a policeman succumbed to his injuries in rajasthan and the discovery of one more body in madhya pradesh.
curfew was imposed in parts of both the states and mobile internet services stand suspended.
mob burns home of two leaders in rajasthanthe crowd set on fire the houses of incumbent mla from hindaun city rajkumari jatav and former minister bharosi lal jatav, alok kumar vashishtha, inspector general of police, bharatpur range, rajasthan told the indian express on tuesday.
he added that the crowd tried to attack a settlement of dalits, particularly people from the jatav community.
officials also added that 45 people have been arrested for tuesdays violence, while 1,000 people have been held in connection with the clashes on monday.
police sources also said that when they took out a flag march on tuesday morning, some miscreants engaged in violence and clashed with the security personnel.
the police had to resort to firing tear gas shells  some of which fell on a government school, leading to chaos in which around a dozen schoolchildren were injured, officials said, reported ians.
according to the police, tension also prevailed in churu and gangapur city, where the law-and-order situation remained critical.
express opinion | we must remove inequality, ambedkar said, or our political structure will be in perilthe relatives of pawan kumar, who died in the clashes in alwar on monday, staged a sit-in protest, refusing to cremate his body.
security has been beefed up in rajasthan in the wake of sporadic incidents of violence reported from the state.
a total of 23 companies of police have been deployed in different towns and flag marches are being carried out in the most-affected areas, state police chief o.o. galhotra said, adding that normalcy was returning to rajasthan.
tension continues in madhya pradeshcurfew also continued in various parts of gwalior, bhind and morena districts of madhya pradesh as tension simmered in the state.
two more bodies were found in the state on tuesday.
while the police linked the death of dashrath jatav, whose body was found in bhind, to mondays protests; they denied another deaths connection with the protest in morena.
the police claimed that rakesh pathak, the 25-year-student leader, was shot dead because of a personal grudge and not during the bandh.
reports said that there was stone-pelting at the residences of bhind mp bhagirath prasad and state minister lal singh arya.
in bhopal, which also saw protests on monday, police conducted a flag march and warned people not to take part in any agitation.
gwaliors superintendent of police ashish told ians that 50 people have been taken into custody and are being questioned about mondays violence.
chief minister shivraj singh chouhan and home minister bhupendra singh also appealed for peace and reiterated that the government is working towards the upliftment of scs and sts.
dalit activists protesting on the railway tracks in ludhiana on monday during countrywide bharat bandh against the recent judgment by the supreme court on the sc & st (prevention) atrocity act 1989,.
(express photo by gurmeet singh/file) dalit activists protesting on the railway tracks in ludhiana on monday during countrywide bharat bandh against the recent judgment by the supreme court on the sc & st (prevention) atrocity act 1989,.
(express photo by gurmeet singh/file)no reports of violence from uttar pradeshuttar pradesh, meanwhile, returned to normalcy as no untoward incident was reported from the state.
around 650 people have been arrested in connection with yesterdays violence in the state and 125 cases have been lodged, dig (law and order) pravin kumar said, reported pti.
two people had died in the state during the protests on monday.
read | sc/st act: never thought it will become political issue, says original complainantpolitical blame gamethe political war, however, continued with both the bjp and the opposition blaming each other for the protests.
i wish to inform the house that the government of india was not party in that case.
through the house, i want to assure the people that there has been no dilution whatsoever by my government, rather after coming to power and examining the sc/st prevention atrocities act, we have taken a decision to strengthen it, rajnath singh said while making a suo motu statement in the lok sabha during the zero hour today.
bjp president amit shah, reached out to the community, in a series of tweets and said microscopic minority of dejected and rejected political parties made the people suffer and sought their apology to dalit sisters and brothers.
the bjps stand is clear, which i am once again stating  we fully believe in the constitution given by babasaheb and the rights it has given to the sc/st communities.
at every juncture and in all possible ways, the bjp stands shoulder to shoulder with the dalit community, he said, blaming vested interest groups for spreading the panic.
law minister ravishankarprasad prasad also rejected as unfounded the oppositions charge that the government delayed the filing of a review plea in the supreme court against its order on a law on atrocities against dalits.
he stated that the court was closed for six days after the verdict was delivered on march 20.
there is tension in the country and the congress is trying to fuel it, he said.
union minister and dalit leader ramdas athawale accused the congress and the bsp of trying to incite violence during the agitation.
various reports say that the violence was incited and the congress, bsp and other opposition parties had a hand in it.
i have met the deputy chief minister of uttar pradesh and demanded an inquiry, athawale said.
congress president rahul gandhi lashed out at prime minister narendra modi for not uttering a word on the alleged atrocities on dalits and tribals.
the modi government is conspiring to violate the rights of dalits and tribals by speaking lies and falsehoods.
the sc/st atrocities act that was brought by the congress and rajiv gandhi has almost been finished at the hands of the modi government and its law ministry, congress communications in-charge randeep surjewala said.
express opinion | judiciary needs to be sensitised to the operation of caste in indian societyprotesters block a road in ahmedabad on monday as part of the nationwide bandh on monday (express photo/file) protesters block a road in ahmedabad on monday as part of the nationwide bandh on monday (express photo/file)supreme court declines to stay its sc/st verdictthe supreme court, meanwhile, refused to stay its recent order on the sc/st act and clarified that it had not diluted the provisions of the scheduled caste and scheduled tribes (prevention of atrocities) act but had only sought to protect innocent people from arrest.
the court also added that the people who are agitating may not have read the judgement properly and must have been misled by people with vested interests.
a bench of justices ak geol and u u lalit said it has taken note of the governments plea for review and will examine its previous order which imposed stringent safeguards on arrest under the scheduled caste and scheduled tribes (prevention of atrocities) act.
union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
express photo by prem nath pandey union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
express photo by prem nath pandeyunion law minister ravishankarprasad prasad on wednesday dismissed the narratives that government turning down uttarakhand high court chief justice k m joseph elevation was anyway linked to the imposition of presidents rule in the state.
he said that the government has the right to seek reconsideration of proposals sent by the supreme court collegium as the power flows from three apex court judgements.
i wish to deny with all authority at my command that it has nothing to do with it (justice josephs decision) at all, for two obvious reasons.
firstly, a proper (bjp-led) government with nearly three-fourth majority has been elected in uttarakhand.
secondly, that order was confirmed by justice (j.s.) khehar of the supreme court, prasad said in response to a media query.
also read: supreme court collegium defers decision on justice josephs elevationjustice khehar was the judge who also set aside the national judicial commission initiative of the government.
yet he became the chief justice of india during the bjp-led nda government.
i think that by itself is (proof) enough, prasad said.
the government had on april 26 asked the supreme court collegium to reconsider its recommendation to elevate justice joseph to the apex court, saying the elevation may not be appropriate.
also read: the judiciary is being undermined on multiple frontsthe collegium again met today but deferred a decision on the issue.
the five-member collegium comprising chief justice dipak misra and justices j chelameswar, ranjan gogoi, madan b lokur and kurian joseph met after the top courts working hours, but no decision was taken.
after the decision on josephs elevation was deferred, the ruling bjp alleged that some political parties and individuals are constantly scrutinising and commenting on collegium meetings and trying to influence its decision making process, whereas the judiciary and its functioning should not be politicised.
our approach is that the entire process and functioning of the judiciary and issues related to it should not be politicised or motives constantly alluded to it.
it is unfortunate that some political parties and individuals are persisting to do, bjp spokesperson nalin kohli said while speaking on the collegiums decision.
we are looking for ideas from thought leaders to make india an usd 1 trillion digital economy, said minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
pti photo we are looking for ideas from thought leaders to make india an usd 1 trillion digital economy, said minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
pti photothe it ministry will discuss with industry leaders on june 16 ways to expedite formulation of a roadmap to make india a usd 1 trillion digital economy as soon as possible besides planning the next phase of growth.
the ministry has received confirmation from about 20 leaders including infosys co-founder s gopalakrishnan, wipro chief strategy officer rishad premji, nasscom president r chandrasekhar, niit group chairman rajendra powar, flipkart founder sachin bansal, lava cmd hari om rai, google india vp rajan anandan and tech mahindra ceo cp gurnani.
we are looking for ideas from thought leaders to make india an usd 1 trillion digital economy as soon as we can by empowering people at the bottom of the pyramid.
usd 1 trillion is not the limit but a milestone, ministry of electronics and it additional secretary ajay kumar told reporters here.
he said that at present india is around usd 450 billion digital economy and at existing growth rate it is expected to be usd 1 trillion in next 7 years.
as of now, the indian electronics market is estimated to be around usd 100 billion, it sector usd 150 billion, telecom usd 150 billion, e-commerce usd 30-40 billion and rest is estimated to be size of shared economy like taxi hailing services, start-ups etc.
we have called representatives from all segments of digital economy.
based on suggestion and outcome, we are open to create a working group that will come up with policy prescription for things that are relevant for indian environment.
there will be special focus on development of economically weaker section, kumar said.
the it ministry will look to bring in improvement in areas like use of technology is agriculture, education, healthcare etc.
the meeting will be chaired by law and it minister ravishankarprasad prasad, he said.
b'file photo: prime minister narendra modi (source: expresss archive/file) file photo: prime minister narendra modi (source: expresss archive/file)keeping up its offensive over the telecom scam, congress friday alleged that conduct of the modi government and its ministers has come under a cloud in the wake of their lame duck reaction to the rs 45,000 crore scandal in the sector.
the party also raked up the essar tapes issue wondering as to what connection it has with the telecom scam and whether prime minister narendra modi would order an impartial judicial investigation in the case.
to hide one lie, modi government is resorting to telling 100 more.
government issued a lame duck reaction to the rs 45,000 crore plus telecom scam seeking to put a conspiratorial lid on the entire issue, partys chief spokesman randeep surjewala told reporters.
targeting ravishankarprasad prasad, who was telecom minister till earlier this week, he claimed smokescreens put up by telecom ministry raise serious doubts about their complicity in the shoddily handled cover-up exercise.
seeking to dismiss the claim of the telecom ministry and prasad that cag report was received only last month, he noted that the report was tabled in parliament on march 11.
watch video: whats making newsneither the ministry nor the minister denied the important fact that telecom ministry was conducting a special audit through empanelled chartered accountants, over and above the cag audit, he said.
he also targeted prasad for attempting to justify the bungling by insisting that there is no under-reporting of income by the six telecom companies for subsequent years from 2010-11 to 2015-16.
how can the minister get this enlightenment qua no underreporting of income by telecom companies without even an audit conducted by cag, he asked.
the telecom companies named by surjewala are bharti airtel, vodafone, reliance, idea, tata and aircel.
does it not show that modi government is not interested in getting an audit conducted through cag for the years 2010-11 to 2015-16 for recovery of dues of nearly rs 33,000 crore that may accrue to public exchequer, surjewala said, raising a number of questions.
what connection, if any, under-reporting/non-disclosure of income by telecom companies has with essar tapes, which purportedly contain conversation relating to telecom sector and favours extended?
would the prime minister conduct an impartial judicial investigation into essar tapes based on the representation submitted by the whistleblower, he asked.
the congress sunday blamed the gujarat riots of 2002 for the creation of terror outfit indian mujahideen.
the bjp slammed the remark as reprehensible and accused the congress of playing the communal card for vote bank politics.
indian mujahideen (im) was formed after the gujarat riots,says nia in its charge sheet.
even now bjp and rss will not desist from communal politics?
congress leader shakeel ahmed said on twitter.
the contents of the chargesheet,filed on july 17,were first reported by the indian express.
it claimed that the im was formed after the babri masjid demolition and the gujarat riots.
hitting back at the congress,the bjp said the remarks were stupid and reprehensible as the pakistan links of such outfits were well-known and alleged that it was congress which was trying to communalise the political scenario and playing with national security as it had no answers for all the wrongs it had done.
ahmed said that the bjps communal politics set off a chain reaction on the issue of terror.
if they foresake their communal politics,outfits like the im will cease to exist, he said.
the bjp said it was well known that pakistan has been aiding and abetting terror in india.
there is this competition among various congress spokespersons and leaders to deliberately communalise the political scenario, ravishankarprasad prasad said.
is it not a fact that the im has links with pakistan-based terrorist outfits?
is it not a fact that much before 2002,there was simi?
prasad added that there was peace in gujarat for 10 years and muslims were becoming prosperous in the state.
bunion minister ravishankarprasad prasad union minister ravishankarprasad prasadunion minister for communications and information technology ravishankarprasad prasad will be the guest speaker at the express adda in mumbai on wednesday.
in his second innings in an nda government  he was a minister in the atal bihari vajpayee government as well  the senior lawyer and bjp leader was first given charge of the ministry of law and justice of india.
as law minister, he successfully piloted the ambitious bill to replace the collegium system of appointments in higher judiciary.
later, he was given charge of the portfolios of telecommunications and information technology, both seen as key to indias growth story.
under him, schemes such as digital india got a fresh impetus, and there was a turnaround in the fortunes of ailing public sector undertakings such as bsnl, which became profitable for the first time in many years.
india post also started delivering more than just letters and parcels, having been recently granted approval to set up a payments bank by the union cabinet.
share this article related article ravishankarprasad prasad mocks at pinarayi vijayan on cms' meet on cattle issueravi shankar prasad mocks at pinarayi vijayan on cms' meet on cattle issue ravishankarprasad prasad exhorts people to make digital paymentsravi shankar prasad exhorts people to make digital payments minister of power piyush goyal is guest at express adda todayminister of power piyush goyal is guest at express adda today ravishankarprasad prasad at express adda: pm has described himself as pradhan sevakravi shankar prasad at express adda: pm has described himself as pradhan sevak in public life, should learn to take a joke: union minister ravishankarprasad prasadin public life, should learn to take a joke: union minister ravishankarprasad prasad op sharma shouldn't have taken law in his own hands: ravishankarprasad prasadat the express adda, prasad will be in conversation with vandita mishra, national opinion editor, the indian express, and maneesh chhibber, national bureau chief, the indian express.
the express adda, which features people at the centre of change, is a series of interactions conducted by the indian express group.
in the past, it has hosted actor shah rukh khan, finance minister arun jaitley, former finance minister p chidambaram and, most recently, union minister of road transport & highways and shipping nitin gadkari.
b'ravi shankar prasad.
(express photo: javed raja) ravishankarprasad prasad.
(express photo: javed raja)seeking a review of the supreme court judgment that forbids arrest without prior sanction for offences under the scheduled castes and scheduled tribes (prevention of atrocities) act, the government told the top court monday that potential for misuse was not a valid ground for reading down stringent provisions of the act and diluting it would deprive sc, st communities the rights guaranteed under the constitution.
read | bharat bandh: seven dead as dalit protests spiral out of control; centre files review petition against sc/st act verdictapproaching the court on the day dalits protested across the country, the ministry of social justice and empowerment, in its review petition, said: alleged potential of misuse would not deserve to be considered as a valid, justifiable or permissible ground for reading down stringent provisions of the poa (prevention of atrocities) act, 1989 such a principle, if extended to offences created under other provisions of law, would render the criminal law and criminal procedure system toothless and nugatory especially when parliament, after evaluating the working of the act, decided to make it more stringent and included additional offences under it in 2016.
if the legislative mandate by parliament is for strict implementation for elimination of a particular menace, then it would not be permissible to dilute the implementation of any such social welfare legislation by resorting to any exercise described as balancing and given in the form of laying down provisions.
such an exercise would not be in conformity with the settled demarcation of jurisdiction between the legislative functioning of the parliament and the discharge of judicial functions by rendering interpretation by courts, the petition stated.
track live updatesreview petitions are usually heard in the chamber.
the government, however, requested that the instant review be heard in open court.
the centre is likely to press for early hearing of the plea.
in its march 20 judgement, the supreme court noted instances of abuse of the act and laid down stringent safeguards, including provisions for anticipatory bail and a preliminary enquiry by a dsp before registration of case under the act.
if the accused is a public servant, the person can only be arrested after permission from the appointing authority.
and if the accused is not a public servant, prior permission of the ssp of the district will be required, the court ruled.
protests on railway tracks during the nationwide bandh in ludhiana.
(express photos by gurmeet singh) protests on railway tracks during the nationwide bandh in ludhiana.
(express photos by gurmeet singh)opposing this, the centre said the judgment would have wide ramifications and additional procedural safeguards introduced by it would result in impeding strict interpretation of the act leading to inevitably diluting its efficacy.
there were also procedural difficulties since there may not be adequate number of dsp-level officers in many states and union territories.
on the supreme court direction that those accused of offences under the act should be entitled to anticipatory bail, the centre said section 18 is the backbone of the act as it enforces an inherent deterrence and instils sense of protection amongst members of the scs and sts and that any dilution thereof would shake the very objective of the mechanism to prevent offences of atrocities.
section 18 of the act says the provision for anticipatory bail will not be available for offences under the act.
referring to statistics, the centres petition said offences against scs and sts have been disturbingly continuing.
according to data of the national crime records bureau (ncrb), 47,388 cases were registered in the country under the act in conjunction with indian penal code during 2016.
further only 24.
9  of the said cases ended in conviction and 89.
3  were pending in courts at the end of the year 2016, it said.
in the given situation of continuing offences of atrocities against members of scs and sts, it would be more significant and meaningful to affirm the reliance and trust of the members of the sc and st on the statute and not make it easier for the accused to get away from arrest by imposing a preliminary inquiry, the government said.
citing misuse of the law, the supreme court, in its judgment, said to avoid false implication of an innocent, a preliminary enquiry may be conducted by the dsp concerned to find out whether the allegations make out a case under the atrocities act and that the allegations are not frivolous or motivated,the government contended that low conviction and high acquittal rate in cases under poa act is due to several factors like delay in lodging fir and witnesses and complainants becoming hostile, absence of proper scrutiny of the cases by the prosecution before filing the chargesheet in the court, lack of proper presentation of the case by the prosecution and appreciation of evidence by the court.
the judgment, it submitted, did not appreciate the data and the situation in the correct perspective.
it said the court ought to have appreciated that since offences of atrocities affect dignity and life of members of sc and st, fir needs to be registered at the earliest, so that the investigation commences fast without any room for accused to seek anticipatory bail and that admissible relief amount due to be paid to the victim/dependent, on registration of the fir is also timely paid.
mos home kiren rijiju/gurmehar kaur mos home kiren rijiju/gurmehar kaura campaign criticising the abvp, started by the daughter of an army captain who died fighting militants in jammu and kashmir, has drawn sharp reactions from several bjp leaders, including union ministers m venkaiah naidu and kiren rijiju, who told her not to abuse the motherland.
lady shri ram college student gurmehar kaur, 20, had posted a photo on facebook of her holding a placard in which she said she was not afraid of abvp and that every student of india was with her.
the photo was a response to last weeks clashes in north campus.
she went to the delhi commission for women on monday complaining that she had received rape and death threats online after which she was provided two home guard personnel.
watch video |gurmehar kaur withdraws save du campaign: heres what happenedread: gurmehar kaur withdraws from save du campaign, says been through a loton monday, rijiju, the minister of state for home affairs, posted a series of tweets, asking, whos polluting this young girls mind?
some people say they need freedom in india.
listen to those people taking shelter in india after facing torture in neighbouring countries, he wrote.
he also said that freedom of expression is not a license to shout anti-national slogans in campuses.
criticise the government but dont abuse the motherland.
im not anti-national, nobody is polluting my mind, kaur was quoted as having said, in response, by ani.
in an apparent reference to an earlier video, in which kaur had held up a placard saying pakistan did not kill my dad, war did, rijiju wrote, a strong arm force prevents a war.
india never attacked anyone but a weak india was always invaded everyone has right of views but she said pakistan didnt kill our brave martyr and india should shun war.
india never perpetrated violence.
bjp general secretary kailash vijayvargiya told the indian express that there cannot be any debate on nationalism.
no one in the country should support those who raise slogans against the nation.
everyone should stand against it.
if anyone still wants a debate on nationalism and if they are not happy with this country, they can leave this country and go to their favourite nations, he said.
watch video | minister of state home affairs kiren rijiju reacts to delhis ramjas college protest, says freedom of speech should not be exploitedbjp mp from mysore pratap simha tweeted a facebook post that put kaurs photo next to dawood ibrahims.
talking to the indian express from karnatakas kodagu district, simha said, is she in her senses?
i fully respect the sacrifice her father made for the country.
but how can she give a clean chit to pakistan?
if her father was alive, he would have slapped her.
she is an immature lady and what she said is illogical.
at a press conference in the evening, naidu, the union minister for information & broadcasting, said that certain misguided sections are trying to mislead the young population and create social tension.
dissent is agreeable but disintegration is not acceptable.
cant advocate separatism, naidu told reporters.
congress subverted peoples rights and now they accuse us saying theres no freedom of expression.
freedom of expression is guaranteed under the constitution of india, but it cant be used to create social tension or hurt the sentiments of people.
having a different opinion from the majority opinion is agreeable but not disintegration.
nobody can advocate disintegration, he added.
union law and communications minister ravishankarprasad prasad monday condemned the intimidation.
any kind of intimidation of this young girl is wrong and will be dealt with strongly, prasad told the indian express.
he added: everyone has got the right of freedom of speech and expression.
violence is not permissible at all.
but the country also needs to reflect that those who openly talk of breaking india, demanding that kashmir should be given independence and bastar should be made independent, do they have the right to campaign for breaking of india under cover of freedom of speech?
but violence has no place at all.
watch | what gurmehar kaur had to say on the issuekaurs facebook post came after clashes at north campus last week when the abvp objected to jnu students umar khalid and shehla rashid being invited to speak at a seminar at ramjas college.
the invite was withdrawn by the college authorities following opposition from the abvp.
on the placard, kaur wrote: i am a student from delhi university.
i am not afraid of abvp.
i am not alone.
every student of india is with me.
#studentsagainstabvp.
after the post went viral, kaur said she had been receiving rape threats on social media.
on monday, she approached the delhi commission for women.
several people criticising kaur had dug up an earlier video of her, in which she held up several placards, including one that read: pakistan did not kill my dad, war killed him.
the post simha shared on twitter showed kaur under the title soldiers daughter and dawood under the title policemans son.
dawoods image had the text: i didnt kill people in 1993, bombs killed them.
at the bottom of the image was the text: at least dawood did not use the crutches of his fathers name to justify his anti-national stand.
when contacted, simha said, i posted that just to highlight how illogical she is.
he added that only people sitting in the heart of the capital talk about freedom of speech.
they can talk about freedom of speech because our police forces and security personnel are guarding us.
there are thousands of families of slain policemen and soldiers in india.
kaur is not the only one.
why do we go to college  to gain knowledge and get a degree.
you should learn to be a responsible citizen and learn to protect the country, simha said.
he also asked whether kaur had thought of kashmiri pandits or those suffering from drought in villages.
watch video | virender sehwag tweets following kargil martyrs daughters anti-abvp postvijayvargiya said, the fact that she created a controversy over her fathers sacrifice shows that she lacks wisdom.
on tuesday, cricketer virender sehwag and actor randeep hooda had waded into the controversy, by posting tweets criticising kaur.
congress vice-president rahul gandhi, meanwhile, came out in support of the student, saying,  against the tyranny of fear, we stand with our students.
for every voice raised in anger, intolerance and ignorance, there will be a gurmehar kaur.
referring to a tweet by congress leader and former finance minister p chidambarm, questioning current finance minister over his statement that there was an alliance of subversion on certain indian campuses, prasad said, mr jaitley as dusu president was fighting against the emergency of indira gandhi where freedom of the media and individuals was curbed.
we were also fighting the same battle under jp in bihar.
but we dont know where was mr chidambaran then?
in a tweet after jaitleys talk at the london school of economics where he said that free speech in society needs to be debated, chidambarm had asked, when mr jaitley was president of dusu in 1975, was he heading an alliance of subversion?
union minister of law and justice ravishankarprasad prasad introduced the bill.
(file photo) union minister of law and justice ravishankarprasad prasad introduced the bill.
(file photo)a 150-year-old law providing for collection of toll from steamers and boats plying on river ganga to improve navigation and another seeking to prevent dissemination of publications harmful to the youth, are among the 105 redundant acts that could be repealed in the coming days.
according to the repealing and amending bill 2017 introduced in the lok sabha today by law minister ravishankarprasad prasad, the laws which amended the unlawful activities (prevention) act and the ones dealing with salaries and pensions of the president and the vice-president will also be repealed.
the ganges tolls act, 1867 which provided for collecting toll not exceeding 12 annas on certain boats and steamers plying on the ganga to improve navigation of the river between allahabad (up) and dinapore (bihar) is also in the list of laws which are to be repealed.
in 1993, the law commission had recommended its repeal.
a 165-year-old law which enabled remunerating the sheriffs of calcutta, madras and bombay for executing court orders is also heading for the chopping block.
the 105 laws which would be repealed once the bill is passed by parliament, include 2008 amendments to the unlawful activities (prevention) act, the presidents emoluments and pension act, the vice-presidents pension act, the sheriffs fees act, 1852 and the young persons (harmful publications) act, 1956.
a two-member committee constituted by the pmo, the law commission and the legislative department had identified 1824 redundant and obsolete central acts for repeal.
four acts have so far been enacted to repeal 1175 central laws between may, 2014 and august, 2016 by parliament.
of the 1824 acts, 227 including appropriation acts enacted by parliament for the states under presidents rule have been identified for repeal by the respective state governments.
various ministries have also disagreed to the repealing of about 139 acts due to various reasons.
although both the samajwadi party and bahujan samaj party spoke against the instant triple talaq bill, only the sp was present in the house at the time of voting.
while the sp has 12 members in the rajya sabha, the bsp has four.
advertisingread | parliament passes triple talaq bill two years after supreme court struck down practicesaying that law minister ravishankarprasad prasad talked of women empowerment, gender equality, sp member javed ali khan said the scope of the bill was restricted.
there are some women in this country who have been abandoned by their husbands it includes some famous people too, he said, and asked the government if it planned to bring a law to punish such husbands.
accusing the government of a hidden agenda to score a point, he said the bill was less about law and more about politics.
he also asked about the status of the group of ministers set up in october 2018 to look into the issue of sexual harassment and women empowerment.
advertisingmarriage, he said, was a civil contract, and the specialty of civil contract is that one can opt out of it, and its criminalisation is not well-intentioned.
read | medieval practice confined to dustbin of history: pm modi on triple talaq bill passageopposing the bill, bsp member satish chandra mishra said it should be sent to a select committee.
it is being said that the bill is in favour of women, which is totally wrong, he said.
it is a void action, about which the supreme court has said that if this action happens, if someone says talaq, then it is invalid and void, he said.
with this bill, the government is bringing a non-existent thing into existence.
he said the law minister must explain if there is some other intention behind the bill, as it is the first time that a law is being made for a void action.
however, while some of the sp members were present at the time of voting, none of the bsp members were there.
the parliament on friday passed a bill to repeal 58 laws, some of which dated back to the mid 19th century.
the repealing and amending bill, 2019, was passed in the rajya sabha by a voice vote after a short discussion which lasted about an hour.
advertisingintroducing the bill, which was passed by the lok sabha on july 29, union minister for law and justice ravishankarprasad prasad said that the government believes that the country should be troubled minimum by laws.
for ease of living, ease of doing business and ease of governance, superfluous, uncalled for, irrelevant or those laws which have lost their utility need to go, prasad said.
he also said that for the country and states, periodic review of obsolete and irrelevant laws must become a part of good governance.
the minister mentioned a law which was to regulate horse-carts in kolkata as an example of laws becoming obsolete.
advertisinghe told the house that a committee had identified 1,824 old laws that were redundant, of which the government has repealed a total of 1,428 laws since 2014.
he said another 137 acts have been identified to be repealed in future.
calling the merger of two or more bills a good exciting idea, the law minister said that the government will also think about it.
he also said that 75 laws drafted by the centre for states under presidents rule have also been repealed.
the bill was supported by members from across party lines, including the opposition.
however, subhashish chakraborty of the tmc said that half the laws being repealed by the bill on friday were formulated after 2014.
he said, the government has a history of passing legislation hastily, many only to be repealed a few years later.
b'file photo: union finance minister arun jaitley with others after the bjp parliamentary party meeting in new delhi.
(express photo: prem nath pandey) file photo: union finance minister arun jaitley with others after the bjp parliamentary party meeting in new delhi.
(express photo: prem nath pandey)facing opposition attack over the uttarakhand crisis, bjp on tuesday sought to corner congress over the vvip chopper scam and ishrat jahan issue, alleging that the upa government stood with let to prove a terrorist as a nationalist.
in the first parliamentary party meeting after the session began yesterday, both issues besides the row over presidents rule in the hilly state were deliberated and senior union ministers arun jaitley and m venkaiah naidu articulated the partys position on different matters.
watch video | agusta westland: why is it a big deal politically now?
prime minister narendra modi also attended the meeting.
jaitley told the mps that the whole world knew that ishrat was a terrorist and let operative but congress and the then home minister p chidambaram allegedly tried to help her and whitewash the case, union minister mukhtar abbas naqvi told the media after the meeting.
this was the first time that a home minister was trying to prove a terrorist as a nationalist.
the home minister appeared to be working with let, he charged, adding that it was done to politically finish modi, the then gujarat chief minister, and amit shah, then a minister in the state government.
the national would not have seen something as abhorrent and shameful as this, he said, adding that there would be a discussion on this in parliament.
the agusta westland issue was also taken up and the new revelations, he said, had exposed congress and proved that it was all about scams.
the opposition party would have to answer, he said.
bjp has also issued a whip asking all its members to be present in both the houses.
on the uttarakhand issue, the minister of state for parliamentary affairs said bjp was willing for a discussion when the matter is scheduled for a debate in parliament.
however, there would not be any new discussion on this as it has to be taken up in parliament anyway, he said.
referring to the ishrat jahan issue, naqvi said congress chief sonia gandhi and her deputy rahul gandhi travelled across the country to attack modi over it.
bjp members also expressed happiness at the modi governments efforts to empower villages, farmers, the poor and the youth, he said, claiming that the whole world is acknowledging indias progress.
the party, though, accused the opposition, especially congress, of continuously working to derail the governments developmental efforts.
they have not been able to get over their hangover of the lok sabha election defeat, he said.
bjp also defended the imposition of presidents rule in uttarakhand and naqvi said the constitutional machinery in the state had broken down and it was a state without a budget.
the government yesterday wanted to take up in the rajya sabha an important bill aimed at the welfare of the scheduled castes and scheduled tribes but congress did not allow it, he said, accusing the opposition party of working against the countrys development.
he said telecom ministry has developed several provision for protection of women and telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad will make an announcement in parliament in this regard.
bjp wanted a positive and constructive debate in parliament, he said.
vehemently opposing the contentious bill to make the practice of instant triple talaq illegal, aimim leader asaduddin owaisi said this law has been introduced to push away muslims from their religion.
introducing a law will not eradicate social evil, he said in lok sabha.
advertisingowaisi questioned the centre on why a law against mob lynching has been introduced.
you brought an ordinance for jallikattu.
when a muslim woman was raped in muzzaffarnagar, no conviction was held.
if you have any respect for women, send all women bjp mp in a special aircraft to sabarimala, said owaisi.
under the muslim women (protection of rights on marriage) bill, 2019, divorcing through instant triple talaq will be illegal, void and would attract a jail term of three years for the husband.
parliament live updatesciting violation of article 26, the lawmaker said women should have the right to leave the marriage.
will the husband give maintenance from jail?
he asked.
why should the woman remain married to the husband whos in jail?
the bill gives three-year jail term to husband, it is against the criminal jurisprudence.
you put a condition that if a husband gives woman a divorce, then the amount of meher will go to the woman.
marriage is a contract.
this is not a janam janam ka saath hai.
this life is enough.
muslims are not homogenous in india, added owaisi.
advertisingearlier today, the lok sabha took up for consideration the contentious bill to make the practice of instant triple talaq illegal with up to three years in jail for the husband.
moving the bill for consideration, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said the legislation was a must for gender equality and justice as despite an august 2017 supreme court verdict striking down the practice of instant triple talaq, women are being divorced by talaq-e-biddat.
he said, since january 2017, as many as 574 triple talaq cases and since the supreme court order, more than 300 such cases were reported by the media.
under these circumstances, what should we do?
should we allow muslim women to be continued to be exploited, he said.
roznama khabrein, in its editorial on the same day, writes: the ruling party is now completely intoxicated by its position in power.
it thinks that the people are fools and only the pride of being hindu is enough for them.
roznama khabrein, in its editorial on the same day, writes: the ruling party is now completely intoxicated by its position in power.
it thinks that the people are fools and only the pride of being hindu is enough for them.
commenting on the defeat of the bjp in the recent by-elections to the lok sabha in up and bihar, siasat, in its editorial on march 16, writes: in the constituencies of gorakhpur and phulpur in uttar pradesh, the previous results had indicated that it would not be easy to beat the bjp.
some sections considered a bjp defeat in gorakhpur almost impossible.
but a decision by bsp chief mayawati made the almost impossible feat possible.
in a way, this result worked to raise the morale of anti-bjp parties for the lok sabha elections in 2019.
those parties that are actually concerned about the future of secularism in the country and do not want that communalists and fascists should make efforts for a wider national unity, making the contest against the bjp in the 2019 elections easier.
roznama khabrein, in its editorial on the same day, writes: the ruling party is now completely intoxicated by its position in power.
it thinks that the people are fools and only the pride of being hindu is enough for them.
certainly, this fact can be used by its opponents to enthuse people, create unity among them and bring together different casteswill the opposition parties learn any lessons from their recent victories and avoid the mistake of becoming over-confident like the bjp, something that yogi adityanath lamented about soon after his partys defeat in gorakhpur?
in the aftermath of the rajya sabha defeat of the bsp candidate, inquilab, in an editorial on march 25 notes: up cm yogi adityanath and other bjp leaders who had thought that the defeat of the bsp candidate due to cross-voting would create a crack in the alliance, got a rude shock.
bsp leader satish mishra, and then mayawati herself, said publicly that the defeat would have no bearing on the alliance and the objective was to defeat the bjp.
data leakcommenting on the controversy on data leak connected with the work of cambridge analytica (ca), inquilab, in its editorial on march 27, writes: the war of words is going on between the bjp and congress because the former feels that the congress has started making effective use of social media and other platforms, has adversely affected bjps ability to spread untruths and falsehoods before the people.
it was the bjp that started the war of words around ca.
roznama khabrein in a commentary on march 25 writes: it minister ravishankarprasad prasad should have stated if the government has ever filed a case against google and facebook or revealed their unfair practises.
the eu had imposed a fine of  24 billion on google in june 2017 because it was establishing its dominance through incorrect means.
if the government has a stirring case against facebook, can it say what cases it has unearthed about theft of peoples personal details?
right to diecommenting on the supreme court judgment on euthanasia, aimims etemaad, in its editorial on march 10, writes: life and death are not under the control of human beings.
in different faiths, deaths are natural, that is, given by god.
deaths in accidents and wars are unnatural, but they too are beyond human control.
and, to desire for death, or embracing death by oneself is called suicide that is forbidden (haraam) in islam.
such deaths have been declared illegal in all muslim countries.
the roman catholic church and the orthodox church are strong opponents of such deaths.
editor of inquilab, shakeel shamsi, in his signed column on march 11, writes: the supreme courts judgement compels a common man to think why, when a persons life has ended, should he be kept alive with the help of medicines and scientific tools?
therefore, the supreme courts judgement is not speaking about giving death to anybody.
instead, it is prohibiting keeping one alive forcibly.
rashtriya sahara, in its editorial on march 11, warns: in the light of the supreme courts judgment it would be extremely difficult to stop misuse of euthanasia (despite the proposed mechanisms of living will etc, propounded by the court).
the best courts can also commit mistakes.
people can present false witnesses and an innocent person can die.
farmers marchmunsif, in its editorial on march 14, writes: looking at the massive rally of farmers, the maharashtra government found it convenient to accept their demands even before its culmination it should be noted that among the most important demands of the farmers were waiving off their debts and transfer of ownership of lands cultivated by tribal farmers in this connection, the government made an announcement about the formation of a committee to inquire about the period for which such farmers have been cultivating those forest lands.
the government has decided to transfer the forest lands that are under cultivation by a tribal farmer from a time prior to 2005 to the farmer concernedin the past, the central government announced a special package for farmers of vidarbha and other areas of maharashtra and the present government too had announced a scheme for waiving off the debts of farmers.
despite this, there has been no improvement in the condition of farmers in such a situation, all that can be said is that the actual benefits of such schemes are not reaching those that deserve them.
if it is so, it is a failure of the government.
former prime minister manmohan singh.
(file photo) former prime minister manmohan singh.
(file photo)bjp today defended prime minister narendra modis dig at manmohan singh saying fun, pun and repartee are part of parliamentary debate, and suggested that congress was using singh as a useful, expendable outsider as it had done with many top leaders outside the gandhi family.
it fielded union minister ravishankarprasad prasad to launch a sharp attack on congress, especially its top leaders sonia and rahul gandhi, saying it is no longer a conventional political party representing certain ideology but a conglomeration believing in divinity and devotion to a family.
watch what else is making newsthere was nothing wrong in modis barb in the rajya sabha that singh knew the art of taking bath wearing raincoat as he remained untainted despite all the scams in his government, prasad said, noting that the former prime minister had called demonetisation organised loot and legalised plunder.
prasad alleged that singh was likely to have read from the note written by some other congress leaders as such strong expressions are alien to his vocabulary.
now the prime minister is responding to it.
why are they (congress) so troubled with this?
fun, pun, repartee and exchange of mild or strong words are a part of parliamentary convention.
congress has two set of leaders.
ones who come from the family are beyond criticism.
they cannot make a mistake.
second set of leaders are those who are used for political convenience and then discarded.
manmohan singh also has his utility those outside the family are useful, expendable entities, he said.
prasad cited former prime ministers like lal bahadur shastri, charan singh, v p singh, chandra shekhar, p v narasimha rao and i k gujral, all of whom were congress leaders or served in the party for some time, besides likes of bhim rao ambedkar and maulana azad, to argue that they were all treated harshly by it after their utility was served.
manmohan singh will be there as long as his utility remains the so called credibility of singh was abused by the dynasty to promote corruption and rank cronyism, he said.
congress leaders compared modi with abhorrent rulers and showered abuses on him, he said and referred to remarks like maut ke saudagar, made by sonia gandhi when modi was gujarat chief minister, and khoon ki dalali, rahul gandhis barb at modi following surgical strikes.
claiming that modi set an example in humility by noting contributions of former prime ministers in his august 15 speech from the red fort, prasad said he showed his big heart by never launching a witch-hunt despite the conspiracies hatched against him when he was gujarat chief minister.
b'union minister ravishankarprasad prasad (source: ani) union minister ravishankarprasad prasad (source: ani)facing the heat over the alleged pnb fraud case, the bharatiya janata party on monday hit back at the upa government, saying the banking system was dented under the so-called economist prime minister manmohan singh.
congress party is anti-reform and it has been indulging in the politics of fear and confusion in the last four years, union minister ravishankarprasad prasad said while addressing the media.
accusing the previous upa dispensation of not allowing the correct data to be entered into bank records, prasad said, time and again we have stated that not a single loan given under our govt is non-performing asset.
in 2008, the total advance to people given by the banks was rs 18.
06 lakh crores.
by march 14, the amount went up to rs 52.
15 lakh crore.
the stressed asset identified out of this was only 36 per cent.
now the stressed asset has risen to 82 per cent out of that advances made in the upa govt.
this means for more than one occasions the correct data could not make it to the records.
under the so-called economist then prime minister manmohan singh, the entire banking system went haywire due to all kinds of interference with it.
the remarks come at a time when cbi is investigating jewellers nirav modi and mehul choksi in the alleged fraud of over rs 12,700 crore.
in january, pnb found the first evidence of fraud in which few of its employees issued fake letters of understanding (lous) to companies associated with nirav modi.
prasad also accused the then finance minister p chidambaram of helping gitanjali jewellers in 2014.
there was a scheme 80:20 introduced in august 2013 and repealed in november 2014.
on may 16th, 2014, the date of the declaration of results, the then finance minister gave aashirvaad to seven private companies under 80:20 scheme.
one of those companies was gitanjali.
mr chidambaram please reply, is it jumla or blatant favouritism, mala fide conduct and rampant corruption?
the congress party should answer who were these people lobbying for gitanjali and what was the cut.
the bjp leader also targeted the congress party over the rafale deal controversy.
it is very surprising that the congress party which is drowned in corruption in bofors among other purchases of the weapons system is raising questions on rafale deal.
it couldnt execute rafale deal for ten years and are now creating a chaos when pm modi has got the best deal in terms of price, effectiveness and weapon system.
taking a jibe against congress chief rahul gandhi for not doing proper research before posing questions on twitter, the bjp leader said, now once he is back from italy, i expect him to answer our questions.
referring to the recently-concluded northeast assembly elections, prasad said, while bjp is moving from shunya to shikhar, congress is moving from shikhar to shunya.
calling nagaland election results as a tectonic shift, he said, in a state with 80 per cent christian population, 12 of our 20 candidates won the seats.
this shows that people are coming forward under pm modis vision of sabka saath, sabka vikaas.
b'accused in the 2008 malegaon blast case , dayaanand pandey was produced at the mumbai sessions court on thursday.
(source: express photo by prashant nadkar) accused in the 2008 malegaon blast case , dayaanand pandey was produced at the mumbai sessions court on thursday.
(source: express photo by prashant nadkar)the congress friday mounted a blistering attack on the modi government over the nia decision to drop all charges against sadhvi pragya thakur and five others in the 2008 malegaon blast case, alleging it was trying to save people belonging to rss involved in terror activities.
the allegation by the congress was rejected by the government with minister of state for home kiren rijiju saying it does not interfere in the investigation by the agencies while the bjp said pragya was framed by the upa government.
leading the congress charge, senior party leader digvijaya singh also accused the nda government of pressuring officers of national investigating agency (nia) to save certain people involved in the blasts that killed seven people in the twin blasts in malegaon in maharashtra.
was the dg of nia given extension for this?
he asked.
i will like to tell the central government that we know that you want to save them (activists of hindu right-wing groups).
we know that your relations are with all these people involved in terrorism-related activities, singh said.
this is my accusation on prime minister, union home minister and the union cabinet who are trying to save the people belonging to sangh involved in terror activities by putting pressure on police officers and the nia, he said, adding, as i had predicted bjp and rss have started the process of saving the sangh activists involved in terror cases.
singh also said it was deplorable that an honest and sincere officer like hemant karkare, who put his life in danger and fought against terrorists, is being accused of fabricating evidences.
defending the nia decision, rijiju said justice should prevail and there was no interference on the probe agency.
justice should prevail.
there should be no interference in handling such cases.
our government has allowed agencies to work independently, he told reporters.
upa has pressurised agencies in their time.
for their own benefits they have given another term to terrorism as hindu terrorism, he claimed.
union minister ravishankarprasad prasad said the charge of congress party that the government is trying to influence the nia is completely baseless.
nia is doing its job independently, he said.
bjp welcomed the nia decision and suggested a probe against those involved in building the case against sadhvi pragya in the upa government, saying she was framed.
in an apparent attack on the upa dispensation, bjp said there was conspiracy over malegaon and samjhauta express blasts cases, in which hindutva groups were prosecuted by investigation agencies, and some politicians worked against the countrys interests.
i was of the opinion from day one that pragya thakur and others have just been framed in these cases.
all the atrocity a person like pragya thakur has undergone, i think had there been any other liberal, law abiding country there would have been a counter investigation against people involved in it, bjp spokesperson meenakshi lekhi told reporters.
rss functionary indresh kumar alleged that the upa government had a conspiracy to target hindutva groups over the blasts.
take a look at the indian express power list of 2016-17 not just to see who are the most powerful 100 in this country of a billion plus.
look at it, also, to get a sense of how, over the past year, power has changed hands  and how power itself has changed.
to take the second change first, which is also the context in which the first  the movement of the powerful  is to be tracked: more than any other in recent times, the past year has framed and sharpened an absence in indias liberal democratic imagination.
liberal democracy in india has always seemed ill-trained in the art of separation that produces a check and balance on power, and is also a way of fragmenting it.
democracy in india doesnt ask itself the question, at least not often enough, and not with enough sophistication: what are the bases of different institutions?
what are the different kinds of power?
it is in this space of unasked questions that the steep climb and precipitous fall of individuals in the ie power list tells a story, of course.
large meanings can also be prised from the small shifts.
all those who are on the list are there because of the individuals that they are and because of the institutions and offices that they represent.
but the rise in the list of chief justice khehar, from 41 to 4, and the entry of dipak misra at 15 and justice lodha at 78, owes more to their institution  the judiciary  at a time when other checks and balances on concentrated executive power are waning.
how these individuals act on their institutions, steer their course, will determine their ranking in next years list.
and what about the non-political powerful of 2016-17?
except for the feisty kangana ranaut gatecrashing this list of 90 men and 10 women, as she has done bollywood, in the most powerful and empowering way possible, well, what about them?
the list continues here.
also read | the most powerful indians in 2017, 1 to 50: narendra modi tops, yogi adityanath enters list51.
prashant bhushan, 60lawyer, activist, politician(rank 2016: 64)whybe it the upa scams, essar tapes, birla-sahara diaries, the vyapam deaths in mp or the purchase of choppers in chhattisgarh, he remains the go-to advocate-activist to ask questions of the establishment  political and legal and corporate.
power punchthe sc rebuke to the centre, for non-release of mnrega funds in 2016, came when the court was hearing a pil filed by bhushans organisation, over relief for drought-hit farmers.
what nexthow his swaraj india fares in the delhi municipal polls will be a pointer to his politics.
how he intervenes in the current govt vs judiciary stand-off will certainly matter.
by the wayhe quit iit madras to live close to his sister.
52.
n r narayana murthy, 70co-founder, infosys(rank 2016: 74)whyraised red flags over his firms current corporate governance practices, which included a huge pay hike for its first non-founder ceo and a severance package for the former ceo.
power puncheven before the us elections, he had called on software companies to ensure reduced dependence on the american visa regime.
what nextmurthy continues to be a participant in the services industry having invested in several start-ups through his firm catamaran ventures.
by the wayin his 20s, murthy turned from a confused leftist to a determined capitalist after being incarcerated for four days in the erstwhile communist yugoslavia.
53.
p chidambaram, 71senior congress leader(new entry)whyhe is going strong as member of the congress working committee and chairman of parliaments standing committee on home affairs.
power punchhis arguments, both on the noteban and gst, stood out amid the cacophony.
what nextwith two years to the 2019 polls, hes expected to corner the centre over its economic and fiscal policies.
by the wayhe is fond of tamil literature and has set up a foundation to help budding tamil writers.
54.
j chelameswar, 63judge, supreme court of india(new entry)whyhe is the sole judge in the supreme court collegium who openly opposed the manner in which judges are selected.
he was also the only judge to write in favour of doing away with collegium in the five-judge bench.
power punchsince his letter to the former cji on recording the minutes of its meetings, the collegium sends him the names of probables for his views.
what nextafter the retirement of chief justice khehar in mid-august, he will be the senior-most judge.
by the wayhe is a tech-savvy judge who carries his ipad to court.
55.
arundhati bhattacharya, 60chairman, state bank of india(rank 2016: 80)whychairman of indias largest bank with a market share of over 20 per cent, deposits of over rs 20.
40 lakh crore and advances of over rs 14.
97 lakh crore as on december 31, 2016.
power punchwas given a one-year extension in october 2016, largely due to her good performance in the bank.
what nexthow she tackles the burgeoning non-performing assets (npas) will be crucial for sbi in particular and the banking sector in general.
by the wayonce thought of leaving sbi when posted as lucknow gm in 2006, but dropped the plan on the advice of her boss.
56.
sunil bharti mittal, 59founder and chairman, bharti enterprises(rank 2016: 71)whyhis flagship, bharti airtel, has managed to retain its top position, despite the deluge of free services offered by reliance jio.
power punchairtel bought 4g spectrum from struggling rivals such as aircel, strengthening its spectrum portfolio in the process.
what nextin maintaining market share, airtels finances have taken a hit.
the group is now looking at ways to de-leverage its balance sheet.
by the waymittal was responsible for bringing the cordless phone and the fax machine to the indian market way back in the 1990s.
57.
hasmukh adhia, 58revenue secretary, ministry of finance(new entry)whyadhia leads the governments initiative against black money.
his department was behind the income declaration scheme and the pradhan mantri garib kalyan yojana.
power punchbelied expectations that the controversial budget proposal to tax epf withdrawals (which was later withdrawn by the government) would dent his bureaucratic credentials.
what nextadhia spearheads the countrys most ambitious tax reform since independence, the goods and services tax, which is likely to be implemented from july 1 this year.
by the wayhe is passionate about yogaand meditation.
58.
asaduddin owaisi, 47mp from hyderabad, president of aimim(rank 2016: 59)whya three-time mp, he has consistently positioned himself as an anti-hindutva voice, and occasionally taken on muslim clerics wooed by mainstream political parties seeking a share of the muslim vote pie.
power punchit is only because of his personal appeal that mim is growing strong in neighbouring maharashtra.
the party won two seats in the 2014 assembly elections.
what nextowaisi now has the tough task of ensuring his party stays relevant.
by the wayfond of bikes.
his most prized possessions are a triumph bonneville and a triumph tiger.
59.
arvind panagariya, 64vice chairperson, niti aayog(rank 2016: 36)whythe only non-politician in the modi government to hold a cabinet rank.
niti aayog has become the prime ministers preferred outpost to push significant reforms.
power punchre-introduced strategic disinvestment in the reform lexicon.
what nexthis three-year action plan, seven-year strategy and 15-year vision for india are keenly awaited by policy hawks.
by the waypanagariyas father wanted him to become an ias officer.
instead, panagariya tried his luck at princeton, chicago and cornell.
he got admission in all three and left jaipur for princeton in 1974.
60.
kumar mangalam birla, 49chairman, aditya birla group(rank 2016: 60)whyin a move that creates the biggest telecom operator in the country, his aditya birla group and vodafone announced the merger of idea cellular and vodafone india.
power punchbirla will be the chairman of the vodafone-idea merged entity  vodafone will own 45.
1 per cent stake, while idea will own 26 per cent.
what nextthe merged entity will be closely followed.
particularly, how it tackles reliance jios price challenges.
by the waywhen km birla was taking over the reigns from his father, many doubted his abilities.
he said then: ive got very sharp ears and eyes.
i keep them open and use them to my advantage.
61.
aamir khan, 52actor(rank 2016: 72)whythe 52-year-old actor delivered 2016s biggest hit  dangal.
this wrestling drama, based on a true story, grossed close to rs 730 crore.
the actor also expanded his humanitarian work by forming paani foundation, a not-for-profit company, last year to mitigate water crisis in drought-hit areas of maharashtra.
power punchwith the record-breaking earning of dangal, khan apparently took home rs 175 crore as he reportedly takes 33 per cent of his films profit as remuneration.
what nexthas a guest appearance in secret superstar, which features dangal girl zaira wasim in the lead.
by the wayhe is learning marathi for a new film.
62.
manish sisodia, 45deputy chief minister, delhi(rank 2016: 88)whywith key departments under him, he was virtually running the capital, while cm arvind kejriwal was busy with polls in punjab and goa.
with elections to delhis municipal bodies next month, and gujarat later this year, he will continue to be at the helm.
power punchhe has the chief ministers ear.
he also looks after more than 11 departments in the delhi government.
what nextafter giving education the highest share in the state budget, all eyes will be on sisodia to demonstrate tangible outcomes of his policies.
by the wayin the early 2000s, sisodia and kejriwal would often take the formers bajaj bike for a spin.
63.
ml khattar, 64chief minister, haryana(new entry)whydespite being clearly out of his depth during the jat quota agitation in 2016, khattar has proved to be a political survivor.
next door to new delhi, haryanas policies have a direct impact on the national capital.
power punchunder him, the states sex ratio went up from 818 to 900 females per1,000 males.
what nextwith assembly elections in 2019, his main concern is to ensure that voters remain consolidated behind the bjp.
by the wayhe knows tamil and can even sing in the language.
64.
akhilesh yadav, 43president, samajwadi party(rank 2016: 82)whywith 47 mlas, the sp is the principal opposition party in up and akhilesh is the states most prominent opposition leader.
likely to play a crucial role in any opposition to the bjp in the 2019 elections.
power punchwrested control of the party from father mulayam singh yadav.
despite a crushing defeat, he got the yadavs and muslims to back him.
what nexthis biggest challenge will be reaching out to non-yadav backward castes and stemming the dissent in the parivar.
by the waya keen sports lover, he was seen playing cricket with bureaucrats during his tenure as cm.
65.
naveen patnaik, 70chief minister, odisha(rank 2016: 53)whybecause despite an ascendant bjp snapping at his heels, patnaik remains the tallest leader in the state who could well drive his party to victory for the fifth time in 2019.
power punchhis decision to ask rajya sabha mp bishnu das to resign just so he could send a loyalist to delhi to keep an eye on his flock of mps.
what nextnext years polls to 94 civic bodies would pit his party directly against the bjp, and another poor show could dent his fortunes ahead of the 2019 assembly polls.
by the wayfor most critical political decisions, he consults his sister, well-known writer gita mehta.
66.
subhash chandra, 66member, rajya sabha(rank 2016: 92)whyhis zee news network shapes the nationalist narrative on issues like stone-pelting in kashmir or protests in jnu, almost always aggressively toeing the bjp line.
power punchhe won the rajya sabha poll as a bjp-backed independent from haryana, by outmanoeuvering cong-inld nominee r k anand in a controversial election.
what nextchandra would want to win a lok sabha election from haryana as rebuke to former kurukshetra mp navind jindal, with whom he is engaged in a bitter litigation.
by the wayloves eating boondi mixed with bhujia.
67.
kiren rijiju, 45minister of state for home(new entry)whyone of the most visible ministers of the modi government, he is bjps face in the northeast.
with the bjp forming governments in arunachal pradesh, assam and manipur, the outspoken mp from arunachal is likely to gain more prominence.
power punchinstrumental in expanding bjps youth base in the northeast, his stand against china and, more recently, in the ramjas college controversy, have kept him in the news.
what nextafter serving as mos for home for nearly three years now, rijiju may be eyeing a cabinet rank.
by the wayhe is among the few ministers of state to have z+ security.
68.
uddhav thackeray, 56president, shiv sena(rank 2016: 34)whyremains an important ally of the ruling bjp in maharashtra.
under thackeray, the sena plays an ally in the central and state governments, while also doubling up as an opposition to the bjp in electoral politics.
power punchthe shiv sena has remained uncompromising in its attack on modi and shah.
what nextthackerays real challenge will be the consolidation of the sena, in wake of the bjps rise and its own relegation to fourth position in local bodies elections, except in mumbai and thane.
by the wayvada paav and fish remain his favourite food.
69.
m k stalin, 65president, dmk; tn opposition leader(rank 2016: 91)whywith his father m karunanidhi retiring, and the death of j jayalalithaa, stalin could emerge as the strongest leader in tamil nadu.
he is perceived as an honest youth leader despite being in his early 60s.
power punchthe dmk lost the recent assembly elections but won in 89 seats, the strongest the opposition has been in tn recently.
much of the credit goes to to stalins roadshows.
what nextthe rk nagar bypoll in april and local body polls in may are an opportunity for him to fill a vacuum in the states political leadership.
by the waya movie buff, he watches all films of his son udhayanidhi.
70.
anand mahindra, 61chairman, mahindra group(rank: 47)whyhe runs a $17.
8 billion group with businesses ranging from automobiles, commercial trucks, aerospace, it to hospitality.
power punchthe group launched 14 products in the automobile segment last year including the recent release of three compact suvs  kuv100, nuvosport and tuv300  as well as a new range of fuel-efficient commercial trucks.
what nextthe auto giants plan to launch around eight new cars including suvs, innovative electric cars, and cars with improved connectivity, will be the key areas to watch in the coming year.
by the waya keen photographer, mahindra is interested in films and music.
71.
j p nadda, 56minister of health and family welfare(rank: 55)whyhe has managed to avoid the mandatory year-end budgetary cuts of the upa era.
but his importance in the power structure comes from his presence on the bjp parliamentary board.
power punchlow profile and unfailingly affable, nadda is one of the most trusted aides of bjp president amit shah.
schooled in the sangh tradition, he has overtaken many who have been in the limelight longer than him, including his patna university seniors.
what nextwith his home state, himachal pradesh, due for assembly elections later this year, nadda may be a frontrunner for the chief ministers post.
by the waya stickler for cleanliness, nadda keeps a duster handy to clean fingerprints on his table.
72.
k chandrasekhar rao, 63chief minister, telangana(rank 2016: 81)whykcr, as he is fondly known, remains the most powerful telangana leader, and has managed to decimate the opposition in the state.
transforming hyderabad into the third most livable city, he launched a series of pro-poor policies that has won him support from the electorate.
power punchhis profession-specific sops to barbers and washermen have tilted the communities in his favour, leaving the opposition in the lurch.
what nexthe has two-and-a-half years left in office, and all eyes will be on him to deliver on his long list of promises.
by the wayhe sticks to his black chappals.
73.
ahmed patel, 67senior congress leader(rank 2016: 67)whysonia gandhis trusted lieutenant for nearly two decades, he was lying low for a while, but is now more visible, critiquing the centres policies on social media.
power punchorganised congresss nationwide campaign against demonetisation and brought top leaders of the opposition for a joint press conference against the bjp.
what nexthis future role in the congress remains unclear, with rahul gandhi likely to take over as party president.
by the wayhe usually reads newspapers at midnight.
74.
vishal sikka, 49ceo and md, infosys(rank 2016: 94)whydespite opposition from infosys founders, sikka has successfully managed to get the support of institutional investors, board of directors, and the companys employees.
power punchin a first for the indian software services industry, sikka has said that infosys was considering a strategy to build a mass software to target tens of thousands of clients, to counter the sectors slowdown.
what nexthis challenge is to ensure info-syss transition to a new generation, without losing its values .
by the wayin germany, he took to hermann hesses siddhartha, in an attempt to understand his roots.
75.
arvind kumar sharma, 54joint secretary, pmo(new entry)whyno project or scheme reaches the pm without being vetted by him.
he is also the pms pointsman on any project orappointment as he holds the omnibus charge of personnel and general administration.
power punchhe dictates to joint secretaries of various ministries which proposals should be brought to the fore and which ones need to be put on hold.
what nexthe will continue to work on vibrant gujarat summits.
by the waya recluse, he seldom meets officials, including batchmates.
76.
sharad pawar, 76ncp president(rank 2016: 52)whywith bjps good show in the local polls, and the party making inroads into western maharashtra, its now up to pawar to get the party back into electoral reckoning in maharashtra and the centre.
power punchtheir ideological differences aside, pawar is known to share cordial relations with the prime minister.
what nextwith leaders such as chhagan bhujbal in prison and, ajit pawar and sunil tatkare being probed for corruption, pawar will be looking to revive his partys image.
by the wayan avid reader, hes known to finish his books in travel time.
77.
anil ambani, 57chairman, reliance ada group(rank 2016: 49)whyafter struggling with rising debt for a few years, reliance ada group has bounced back, announcing deals in telecom and defence.
power punchlast year, the anil ambani-owned reliance communications announced its merger with unlisted telecom operator aircel, creating the fourth largest phone company in terms of revenue and customers.
what nextwhile the launch of reliance jio will keep r-comm occupied, a clutch of orders in the defence sector is expected to turn this segment into its largest business in future.
by the wayhe visits the tirupati temple before any major launch.
78.
r m lodha, 67former chief justice of supreme court(new entry)whyafter kohli and dhoni, his is the name that is uttered the most in the cricket circuit.
he rewrote the bcci constitution and redefined cricket administration under the aegis of the sc.
his reforms helped indian cricket rid itself of long-standing fiefdoms.
power punchpushed for equitable distribution of power with his contentious one state, one vote recommendation.
what nextwhile he isnt directly involved with bcci, in case of stand-off between the coa and state associations, his intervention will be key.
by the wayis a passionate cook; he loves making potato-less pav bhaji for his daughters.
79.
azim premji, 71chairman, wipro ltd(rank 2016: 77)whypremji is the chairman of the countrys third largest it and outsourcing company, with annual revenues exceeding rs 45,000 crore.
power punchwipro has been acquiring companies, such as the florida-based healthplan, to boost growth in the past year.
what nextwith visa restrictions in the us and a business slowdown globally, steering the company will be tough.
by the waydropped out of stanford university at age 21 to take over the company after the sudden demise of his father.
completed his degree 30 years later.
80.
k v kamath, 69president, new development bank (ndb)(rank 2016: 73)whyhe strengthened the relationship between brics nations through monetary assistance from the ndb.
set up in 2014, ndb plans to lend $2.
5-3 billion this year, nearly double the amount the bank loaned last year.
power punchhe created indias largest private sector bank, icici.
the prime minister personally asked him to head ndb.
what nextto reach the top in this industry, ndb has to compete with asian infrastructure investment bank (aiib), as well as old institutions such as the world bank and international monetary fund (imf).
by the wayafter retiring in 2009, he spent his time watching formula 1 races and playing with his grandchildren.
81.
mallikarjun kharge, 66senior congress leader(rank 2016: 29)whyhe is a member of key selection panels, including the one which picked the cbi chief.
he is also set to succeed party colleague k v thomas as head of the key public accounts committee.
power punchthe decision by the pm-led selection committee to pick alok verma as the new cbi director was marked by a three-page dissent note from kharge.
what nextassembly elections in karnataka are a year away and kharge could be one of the key players.
by the waythough a kannadiga, he is comfortable speaking marathi.
he has to charge himself up with a cup of filter coffee before he makes a speech in the lok sabha.
82.
kapil sibal, 66congress leader(new entry)whyapart from appearing in a legal capacity for lalu prasad, akhilesh yadav and mamata banerjees government, he also won the arunachal pradesh and uttarakhand assembly dissolution cases for the congress.
power punchfew were surprised when the congress leadership chose him for the rajya sabha seat from uttar pradesh last year.
what nextthe big question is if he will be able to get relief for subroto roy of sahara from the supreme court.
by the waythough he is in the rajya sabha for the next five years, sibal wants to contest the 2019 elections.
83.
sachin pilot, 39president, rajasthan congress(new entry)whyhe has re-energised a demotivated party after the disastrous assembly and parliamentary polls.
pilot has been working hard  during the local body polls in 2015 and 2016, he toured his district, unusual for a pcc president.
power punchthe congress has won three of four bypolls since its 2013 assembly poll debacle.
what nextwith polls next year, he has to sort out equations with other senior congress leaders like former cm ashok gehlot.
by the waypilot loves colourful turbans.
84.
shah rukh khan, 51actor(rank 2016: 97)whyhe has ruled the box office for decades but is under pressure after his ambitious fan tanked last year and raees left critics cold.
still, the actor remains a bollywood powerhouse and a huge crowd-puller.
power punchnetflix signed a long-term agreement with his company, red chillies, to showcase his previous as well as upcoming movies.
what nexthe will try to break the mould by playing a tourist guide in imtiaz alis the ring later this year and a dwarf in anand rais next film.
by the waykhan does not eat anything between lunch and dinner.
he bathes several times in a day.
85.
kangana ranaut, 30actor(new entry)whythis three-time national award winner has remained in the news for her witty retorts andindomitable spirit, taking on bollywoods powerful camps.
in her very public spat with hrithik roshan, she rarely flinched.
power punchher sharp take on karan johars show about the movie mafia.
her stand on pay parity ensured she received the same remuneration as her male co-stars in rangoon.
what nexthansal mehtas simran and the ketan mehta-directed biopic of rani laxmi bai of jhansi.
by the waythe irrepressible actor wants to own orchards.
86.
ram jethmalani, 93lawyer and rajya sabha mp(new entry)whyhe is a one-man army on important issues.
despite the sign at the gate of his residence, which says, mr jethmalani is not accepting any fresh briefs, there is always a queue for his services.
power punchwhen he cross-examined arun jaitley on behalf of delhi cm arvind kejriwal in the ddca defamation case, telling him that he had personal feeling of greatness that cannot be quantified in fiscal measure.
what nextis expected to sharpen his attack on the government over its failure to bring back black money.
by the wayhis favourite line: im at the dep-arture lounge of gods airport.
87.
karan johar, 44filmmaker(rank 2016: 76)whylabelled anti-national for casting pakistan actor fawad khan in ae dil hai mushkil, johar managed to weather all controversies and remains bollywoods top filmmaker and producer.
power punchhis biography, an unsuitable boy, helped johar take control of a media narrative that has frequently speculated about his sexuality.
what nexta father to twins, born via surrogacy, the filmmaker has said parental duties would be his priority for a while.
by the wayonly takes photos of his left profile.
he once described his right profile as his biggest fear.
88.
rajiv mehrishi, 61union home secretary(new entry)whyhe was instrumental in the governments crackdown on ngos with foreign funding  when the mea wanted to retain some, he put his foot down.
power punchon many issues of national security, mehrishi touches base directly with the nsa.
what nextthe jat protests, concerns over radicalisation of youths and kashmir are likely to keep him busy until the end of his term.
theres speculation that he may get an extension.
by the wayfond of cigars, mehrishis room in north block smells faintly of them.
89.
salman khan, 51actor(rank 2016: 83)whyhis movies are consistently in the rs 100-crore club.
sultan, khans 2016 release, made over rs 500 crore worldwide  one of the highest grossing indian films of all time.
he wields influence not only as a star but also as producer and mentor to younger actors such as arjun kapoor and varun dhawan.
power punchhis acquittal in two key cases, the hit-and-run case and then the black buck case.
what nextkhan will be back in 2017 with the highly anticipated tubelight, a war drama written and directed by kabir khan.
by the waykhan loves collecting soaps and always keeps a stock of herbal soaps at home.
90.
priyanka chopra, 34actor(rank 2016: 98)whyshe is now indias most international actor.
after her 2015 debut in quantico, she has been unstoppable.
the padma shri awardee is also promoting regional indian movies.
power punchwon two consecutive peoples choice awards for quantico, defeating names such as kerry washington and oscar-winner viola davis.
what nextthe much-talked about baywatch reboot, scheduled for may, takes her to the beaches of malibu as its main antagonist.
by the wayif she is stressing over a red carpet appearance, she goes for a burger.
91.
sarbananda sonowal, 54chief minister, assam(new entry)whybecause he led the bjp and its allies to an astounding victory in the 2016 assam assembly elections.
power punchhe was behind the last-minute alliance that the bjp managed to stitch with the asom gana parishad (agp), which played a role in its victory.
what nexthow he handles the centres plans to grant citizenship to lakhs of hindu bangladeshi refugees in the face of stiff opposition from the all assam students union (aasu) and the agp.
by the waysonowals breakfast comprises tawa roti and a curry of gourd and potatoes.
92.
soli sorabjee, 87constitution expertwhyone of the reasoned voices on constitutional issues, for when he speaks, like he did after the sc order making it mandatory for cinema halls to play national anthem before every movies, everyone listens.
power punchwhenever there is an important constitutional issue, the first number on every journalists speed-dial is sorabjee.
what nexteveryone is waiting for him to enter the debate around the government-judiciary tussle over appointments.
by the wayas president of india international centre, he has to devise newer ways to ward off requests for membership.
93.
gautam adani, 54chairman, adani group(rank 2016: 31)whya first-generation entrepreneur with interests in infrastructure businesses to ports and power generation, adani is considered close to pm modi.
he is influential in business community due to his proximity to bjp in delhi.
power punchhis coal project in australia was approved despite strong opposition from environmentalists.
what nextimplementation of the australian coal project will be closely watched.
by the wayamong the many art works in his bungalow in ahmedabad is a specially commissioned jatin das painting.
94.
vijay rupani, 60chief minister, gujarat(new entry)whybecause he was handpicked to lead the bjp government in gujarat when the partys electoral graph was on its way down  it had performed poorly in the local body elections following the protests by the powerful patidars and dalits.
rupani had been engaged in fire-fighting these issues.
power punchconsidered close to pm modi and amit shah, rupani managed to pip senior leader nitin patel to the cm chair; the latter had even celebrated a day early.
what nextthe assembly elections due in december, will be the first without pm modi at the helm in 15 years.
by the wayhe can read, write and speak russian, a language he learnt in his days in prison under misa.
95.
nasim zaidi, 64chief election commissioner(new entry)whyzaidi has aggressively pursued electoral reforms, particularly for a tough anti-bribery law.
power punchhe forced the government to accept the ec recommendation to revise the limit for anonymous cash donations to political parties from rs 20,000 to rs 2,000.
what nexthe will play a critical role in deciding the fate of 21 aap mlas who risk disqualification in the office of profit case.
by the wayhas a persian cat named chhamiya.
96.
suresh prabhu, 63railway minister(rank 2016: 40)whydespite the rail budget being merged with the general budget, prabhus visibility has not entirely diminished, owing to his proactiveness on social media.
power punchhis ministry still managed to secure the highest ever central outlay for railways.
what nextwill have to implement a slew of reforms he had announced in his two rail budgets.
by the wayprabhu keeps a fast every monday.
97.
v k sasikala, 60interim-general secretary, aiadmk(new entry)whyapart from a small faction that broke ranks, there has been no concrete challenge to sasikalas elevation as jayalalithaas successor.
power punchdespite a rebellion and the adverse sc verdict that has sent her to jail, her rivals have failed to topple her government.
what nextthe r k nagar bypoll, where the aiadmk has lost the right to contest on its symbol.
by the waywas once a wedding videographer.
98.
omar abdullah, 47president, national conference(new entry)whytwo years after his electoral defeat, omars stock is on the rise as that of his main rival, the pdps mehbooba mufti, is on the decline.
power punchis sharp on social media.
has close to two million twitter followers.
what nextto channelise the anger against the pdp and mehbooba into gains for his party.
by the wayis fond of the tv series house of cards.
99.
rajiv bajaj, 50md, bajaj auto(new entry)whyin a country where the accepted corporate norm is to praise the government, he chose to criticise demonetisation.
power punchalso said regulatory agencies would turn the governments made in india into mad in india.
what nexteven as his quadricycle is being sold in europe, asia and latin america, bajaj is still awaiting permission to sell them in india.
by the waya keen believer in homeopathy.
100.
hardik patel, 23convenor, patidar anamat andolan samiti (paas)(new entry)whywith gujarat set for polls later this year, the patidar leader may be an irritant for the ruling bjp.
power punchhas been openly courted by leaders like nitish kumar and uddhav thackeray.
what nextreviving the patidar mobilisation which has run out of steam in his absence.
by the wayaspires to be like bal thackeray  by not being directly involved in electoral politics but influencing it.
the churnthose from the 2016 list who dont figure this year: pranab mukherjee, ts thakur, raghuram rajan, cyrus p mistry, manohar parrikar, mulayam singh yadav, sukhbir s badal, priyanka vadra, rajat sharma, arnab goswami, general dalbir singh, uday shankar, samir jain/vineet jain, rahul bhatia, m lakshamana rao aka ganapathy, badruddin ajmal, deepak parekh, parkash s badal, jyotiraditya scindia, saina nehwal, sania mirza, kiran and shiv nadar, uk sinha, ms dhoni, deepika padukone, prashant kishor anandiben patel, sri sri ravishankarprasad , ravish kumar.
new on the list: yogi adityanath, dipak misra, amarinder singh, ravishankarprasad prasad, prakash javadekar, dharmendra pradhan, general bipin rawat, himanta biswa sarma, urjit patel, mukul rohatgi, pinarayi vijayan, vinod rai, p chidambaram, hasmukh adhia, manohar lal khattar, kiren rijiju, ak sharma, justice rajendra mal lodha, kapil sibal, sachin pilot, kangana ranaut, ram jethmalani, rajiv mehrishi, sarbananda sonowal, soli sorabjee, vijay rupani, vk sasikala, omar abdullah, rajiv bajaj, hardik patel.
the union cabinet on wednesday approved a pared-down modified special incentive package meant to boost electronics manufacturing by cutting down the application window by about one and a half year to december 31, 2018, and capping the outflow at rs 10,000 crore.
(source: express photo) the union cabinet on wednesday approved a pared-down modified special incentive package meant to boost electronics manufacturing by cutting down the application window by about one and a half year to december 31, 2018, and capping the outflow at rs 10,000 crore.
(source: express photo)the union cabinet on wednesday approved a pared-down modified special incentive package meant to boost electronics manufacturing by cutting down the application window by about one and a half year to december 31, 2018, and capping the outflow at rs 10,000 crore.
we have on wednesday amended msips scheme.
now, proposals under msips will be accepted till december 2018.
incentives of rs 10,000 crore have been allowed.
if investment is more than of usd 1 billion, then a high-powered committee presided by the cabinet secretary will approve it, law and it minister ravishankarprasad prasad told reporters on wednesday.
watch what else is in the newsunder the scheme, the applications will be received up to december 31, 2018, or till such time that an incentive commitment of rs 10,000 crore is reached, whichever is earlier, an official statement said.
the previous amendment in msips in august 2015 had extended the scheme till july 27, 2020.
the cabinet, however, has decided to review the decision on further financial commitments in case the incentive commitment of rs 10,000 crore is reached.
for new approvals, the incentive will be available from the date of approval of a project and not from the date of receipt of application.
the cabinet has also halved the period of investment from 10 years to five years to avail incentives.
the incentives will be available for investments made within 5 years from the date of approval of the project, the statement said.
a unit receiving such benefits under the scheme will provide an undertaking to remain in commercial production for at least 3 years.
a government official said the idea behind the new changes is to get serious players in and expedite the projects.
however, the government has decided to give approval in time-bound manner to applicants which will be within 120 days of submission of the complete application.
investments above rs 6,850 crore will be cleared by a high powered committee.
a separate committee headed by the cabinet secretary and comprising ceo, niti aayog, expenditure secretary and meity secretary will be set up in respect of mega projects, envisaging more than rs 6,850 crore (around usd 1 billion) investments, the statement said.
an official source said the cabinet secretary-headed panel will decide whether the incentives for the projects being screened by it should be provided within the rs 10,000 crore limit or considered separately.
in july 2012, the cabinet had approved m-sips to provide a special incentive package to promote large scale manufacturing in the electronic system design and manufacturing (esdm) sector.
the scheme provides subsidy for capital expenditure  20 per cent for investments in special economic zones (sezs) and 25 per cent in non-sezs.
it has attracted investments in the esdm sector to the tune of rs 1,26,838 crore, of which investments of around rs 17,997 crore have been approved by the ministry of electronics and it.
b'congress president rahul gandhi also accused the government of baiting the media.
(source: express photo by anil sharma/file) congress president rahul gandhi also accused the government of baiting the media.
(source: express photo by anil sharma/file)targeting prime minister narendra modi-led bharatiya janata party (bjp) on their stand on the facebook data breach, congress president rahul gandhi on thursday said the ruling government was inventing the story to divert peoples attention from the killing of the 39 indians in iraq as it was caught lying in the matter.
he also accused the government of baiting the media.
what rahul tweetedproblem: 39 indians dead; govt on the mat, caught lying.
solution: invent story on congress & data theft.
result: media networks bite bait; 39 indians vanish from radar.
problem solved, rahul gandhi tweeted.
subsequently, congress communications in-charge randeep surjewala today hit out at pm modi and union minister ravishankarprasad prasad saying, hitler had an associate called goebbels, modi ji has an associate called ravishankarprasad prasad.
bjp govt has become a manufacturer of fake news.
sabse bade data chor macha rahe hain sabse zyada shor (the biggest data thiefs are making the most noise).
soon after the data leaks scandal broke out, both congress and bjp accused each other of using the services of data firm cambridge analytica to influence elections in india.
problem: 39 indians dead; govt on the mat, caught lying.
solution: invent story on congress & data theft.
result: media networks bite bait; 39 indians vanish from radar.
problem solved.
rahul gandhi (@rahulgandhi) march 22, 2018bjp continues to attack congressreiterating its allegations of congresss links to political data analytics firm cambridge analytica (ca), the bjp on thursday claimed that the firm was involved in rahul gandhis social media campaign and there had been meetings too in this regard.
the bjp also questioned the silence of the congress president for more than five months over media reports that claimed his party had roped in ca as brahmashtra to counter prime minister narendra modi in 2019.
the report in this regard was first published on october 9, 2017 and the party maintained silence until i raised the issue on wednesday.
they denied the allegations when they found themselves in trouble after the issue was brought to the fore, union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said at a press conference.
the minister, accepting full responsibility, said that ca had been managing the social media campaign for rahul gandhi and there had been meetings also in this connection.
the congress cannot run away from this fact.
if the congress maintains a conspicuous silence on such an important news of the involvement of a dubious social media company and does not counter it, then i am sorry.
they dont have any right to run the country, he said.
the congress denied the allegation and claimed that the bjp and its current ruling ally in bihar, jd(u), had engaged the data firm in elections, including in 2014.
though prasad quoted news reports that cambridge analytica may have been hired by the congress last year, the international data analytics firm has no mention of the congress party.
prasad, meanwhile, also delivered a sharp warning to the social media giant, saying the government would take stringent action, including summoning its ceo mark zuckerberg to india, in case of any data theft of indians.
what is the controversyaccording to reports, a facebook associate was involved in a massive breach of user information to allegedly influence polls in the us and the uk.
the firms services were used in the bihar assembly elections in 2010 and the india partner of cas parent company allegedly worked with three political parties  bjp, congress and jd(u).
external affairs minister sushma swaraj had in a statement in parliament on tuesday said that the 39 indians who were kidnapped by the terror outfit isis in june 2016, were killed.
several including the opposition leaders and the victims families questioned why the government kept them in the dark, while, others sought refuge in grief and demanded assistance from the centre.
the opposition parties tuesday slammed the nda government for making an announcement in parliament before intimating their families, calling it insensitive and unpardonable.
the it ministry today launched botnet cleaning and anti-malware analysis centre for rs 90 crore to provide free anti-virus to computers and mobile phones for removing malicious softwares.
i would like isps (internet service provider) to encourage their consumers to come on board, there is a free service available.
come and use it in the event some malware has sneaked in to the system, it minister ravishankarprasad prasad said at the launch of botnet cleaning and malware analysis centre.
watch what else is making newsthe indian computer emergency response team (cert-in) will collect data of infected systems and send it to isps and banks.
these isps and banks will identify the user and provide them the link of the centre, launched in name of cyber swachhta kendra.
the user will be able to download anti-virus or anti-malware tools to disinfect their devices.
the project has budget outlay of rs 90 crore spread over period of 5 years, certin director general sanjay bahl said.
as of now 58 isps and 13 banks have come on board to use this system.
the ministry also launched m-kavach for security and anti-theft solution for mobile phones, usb pratirodh to ensure only authorised person is able to access pen drive and appsamvid for identifying genuine applications at the time of installations on computers.
the minister directed cert-in to also set up national cyber coordination centre (nccc) by june.
the government has approved rs 900 crore for nccc which will monitor and handle cyber attacks on indian internet space in real time.
safety and security is integral.
as the prime minister said cyber threat is akin to bloodless war.
i dont have slightest doubt cyber security is not only going to be big area of digital swachh bharat but also going to be big area of digital growth, digital employment and digital commerce, prasad said.
to encourage startups in the field of cyber security, the minister announced that government has reduced testing fee for their product by half.
at present standardisation testing and quality certification (stqc), a division under the ministry of electronics and it, charges testing fee in the range of rs 8-10 lakh per case but startups in the field of cyber security will need to pay only around 4-5 lakhs.
to strengthen cyber security ecosystem in the country, prasad said that certs will be set up at state level as well and 10 more stqc testing facilities will set up.
b'the supreme court of india rejected any independent probe in the death of judge bh loya (express photo by tashi tobgyal) the supreme court of india rejected any independent probe in the death of judge bh loya (express photo by tashi tobgyal)ruling out foul play in the death of cbi special judge brijmohan harikishan loya, the supreme court thursday concluded that he had died of natural causes and dismissed petitions seeking inquiry into the circumstances of the death.
the court, which went into medical and other evidence brought on record, criticised the petitioners, saying the pleas were a veiled attempt to launch a frontal attack on the independence of the judiciary and to dilute the credibility of judicial institutions.
the judgment held that their conduct prima facie amounted to criminal contempt but spared them of any contempt action.
the documentary material on the record indicates that the death of judge loya was due to natural causes.
there is no ground for the court to hold that there was a reasonable suspicion about the cause or circumstances of death which would merit a further inquiry, said justice d y chandrachud who wrote the judgment for the three-judge bench headed by chief justice of india dipak misra and comprising justice a m khanwilkar.
read | judge loya case: petitions for death probe veiled attempt to attack judiciary, says scthe bench found it a case of misuse of public interest litigation and expressed its anguish at the manner in which the proceedings were conducted.
it said the conduct of the petitioners and intervenors scandalises the process of the courtit said advocate prashant bhushan had argued that justices khanwilkar and chandrachud being from maharashtra may have known the four judicial officers connected with the matter and rued that even the judges of this bench hearing the present proceedings, have not been spared from this vituperative assault on the judiciary.
special cbi judge brijmohan harikishan loya special cbi judge brijmohan harikishan loyathe judgment dwelt on the statements given by four judicial officers, judges shrikant kulkarni, s m modak, v c barde and r r rathi regarding the circumstances surrounding the death during a discreet inquiry conducted by the maharashtra state intelligence department (sid) and said these were clear and consistent and there was no reason to doubt them.
loya, 48, records show, died of a heart attack in nagpur on december 1, 2014, a day after he attended the wedding and reception of the daughter of fellow judge swapna joshi, who is now a judge in the bombay high court.
read | doctor who declared sohrabuddin dead deposes in special cbi courthis death became a controversy following a report in the caravan magazine which quoted loyas sister and father suggesting foul play and a cover-up.
a subsequent investigation by the indian express found that many of the claims made by the caravan report were not supported by evidence on the ground, including official records.
the court said the statements of the four judges have a ring of truth.
the judges, it ruled had nothing to conceal nor an axe to grindreading them it is clear that they have been submitted without pre-meditation.
the four judicial officers acted responsibly.
there was no reason for them either to hasten or to cause a delay in submitting their versions of what they knew.
each of the four judges has acted with a sense of duty.
this is how they would be expected to conduct themselves, in answering to a call of duty.
read | congress: if bjp believes judge loyas death was natural, why fear probe?
the top court was also critical of petitioners counsel dushyant dave referring to proceedings related to a 1991 case in which five persons including maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis had got relief from a high court bench of justices b r gavai and v m deshpande.
senior advocate prashant bhushan had alleged foul play in the death of judge loya (express photo by tashi tobgyal) senior advocate prashant bhushan had alleged foul play in the death of judge loya (express photo by tashi tobgyal)speaking to the indian express, gavai had said that he had gone to meditrina hospital where loya was shifted after he got a call from the bombay high court registrar.
taking umbrage, the court said: the attempt of the petitioners is to create prejudice and to malign the dignity of the judges, particularly of justice b r gavaithis is another instance in the course of the hearing of the present case where a matter extraneous to the subject of the inquiry before the court has been sought to be relied upon to somehow sensationalise the case.
what is worse is the manner in which wholly unfounded aspersions have been cast on the judges of the bombay high court following a decision which has been taken in the judicial capacity.
this constitutes a serious attempt to scandalise the court and obstruct the course of justice.
read | rahul gandhi used judiciary for character assassination of amit shah, says bjpit termed daves charge that one individual is controlling the entire judiciary in maharashtra and elsewhere an insinuation.
the senior advocate had alleged that the facts were fudged to protect bjp president amit shah who was one of the accused in the sohrabuddin sheikh encounter case.
loya was presiding over the case when he died.
shah was later discharged.
the petitions questioned why someone who suffered a heart pain was first taken to small hospital like dande in nagpur where he had gone on a wedding and not to a specialised cardiac care facility.
tehseen poonawalla, an activist, outside the supreme court on thursday.
he is one of the petitioners who moved the top court seeking an independent probe into the death of judge b h loya.
(express photo by tashi tobgyal) tehseen poonawalla, an activist, outside the supreme court on thursday.
he is one of the petitioners who moved the top court seeking an independent probe into the death of judge b h loya.
(express photo by tashi tobgyal)answering this, the court said the line of argument is without merit and that his colleagues decision to take him to dande was in good faith and cannot be questioned.
the bench stated that to attribute motives to his colleagues who were with him and took immediate steps to shift him to a hospital nearby is absurd, if not motivated.
in hindsight, it is easy to criticise actions which are taken by human beings when faced with an emergency.
it is easy for an observer sitting in an arm-chair at a distant point in time to assert that wisdom lay in an alternate course of action.
that can never be the test for judging human behaviour.
also read | judge loya death: case was meant to damage interests of bjp, amit shah, says ravishankarprasad prasadthe judgment junked claims that no ecg was done on loya at the dande hospital.
citing medical records of dande and the meditrina hospital where he was shifted from dande and the death summary, the court said we find no reasonable basis to infer that no ecg was done at the dande hospital.
the caravan report had said that loya was taken to dande in an autorickshaw.
but the court found that both judge kulkarni had stated that loya was taken in judge bardes car to the hospital.
this was also reaffirmed by the statements of judges modak, barde and rathi, it said.
the allegation that judge loya was not provided even a car to travel from ravi bhavan to dande hospital and onwards to meditrina is a red-herring, the judgment said.
the court also junked claims that none of the four judges had met the family of loya in mumbai soon after his death saying modak had said that he and judge kulkarni had met the family at their haji ali residence.
on the argument that he could not have been wearing a trouser and shirt when he suffered a heart attack, the judgment said to urge that the depiction of the clothes worn by judge loya casts doubt on the sequence of events narrated by the judicial officers isuntenable.
judge kulkarni and judge modak, the court found were with judge loya from the time that the three officers left mumbai for the wedding at nagpur and until judge loya died on 1 december 2014.
they have provided a trustworthy account of their schedule since they left mumbai.
all of them travelled together, stayed together, visited local judges at nagpur, attended the wedding and remained in the company of each other and their friends in the judicial fraternity, it said.
advocate indira jaising had said that the date of death was mentioned in the post-mortem as december 7.
but the court found that the date is clearly mentioned as 1 december 2014.
on the claims by caravan that loyas body was sent to his home town gategaon unaccompanied, the court said the allegationis contrary to what has emerged on the record.
judges kulkarni, modak and barde had disclosed that two other local judges had accompanied the body in a car, it said.
the petitioners disputed that judge loya stayed at the ravi bhavan in nagpur.
however, the court pointed out that even the caravan article had said that loya had a conversation with his wife on the night of 30 november 2014 and had informed her that he was staying at ravi bhavan guest house together with the judges who had accompanied him to nagpur.
the bench found that judges kulkarni, modak and loya stayed at ravi bhavan, where a vip suite was booked.
they travelled together by the same train from mumbai to nagpur on 29 november 2014 and arrived in nagpur on the morning of 30 november 2014.
they proceeded to ravi bhavan where a suite was reserved.
during the course of the day, the three judicial officers visited the residences of two judges of the high court at nagpur, justice s b shukre and justice p r bora.
they visited the home of shri barde and were together all along.
they went to the market, returned to ravi bhavan and attended the wedding reception in the evening.
after dinner the three judges returned to ravi bhavan a little before midnight, the judgment said.
the bombay lawyers association and another petitioner had moved the bombay high court seeking a probe in the death of loya.
simultaneously, pils were also filed in the supreme court.
the apex court transferred the bombay petitions to itself and heard them together.
the court rejected allegations by loyas sister that the then chief justice of the bombay high court justice mohit shah had tried to influence the outcome of the sohrabuddin case saying the allegations were hearsay.
b'our commitment, modijis commitment and the ndas commitment to the welfare of the dalits is complete and total, said prasad, adding that the party has the largest number of dalit mps.
our commitment, modijis commitment and the ndas commitment to the welfare of the dalits is complete and total, said prasad, adding that the party has the largest number of dalit mps.
under fire, the government said on monday that it does not agree with the supreme courts reasoning on the scheduled castes and scheduled tribes (prevention of atrocities) act.
the government of india, with great respect, does not agree with the reasoning given by the supreme court as far as the judgment is concerned.
surely, the senior lawyers of the government of india in the supreme court will argue this matter with legal preparation and authority.
this judgment needs to be reconsidered, said union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
our commitment, modijis commitment and the ndas commitment to the welfare of the dalits is complete and total, said prasad, adding that the party has the largest number of dalit mps.
the bjp has been a well-wisher of the scheduled castes, scheduled tribes and obcs from the days of jan sangh.
the party has taken several decisions in their interest.
the atal (bihari vajpayee) government amended the constitution to restore their constitutional rights, said social justice and empowerment minister thaawarchand gehlot.
the escalating protests across the country seem to have forced the governments hand.
we did not want dalits to be on the streets against the government at a time when the party is preparing to face crucial electoral battles, said a senior bjp leader.
besides criticism from the opposition, the bjp has been facing protests from within too.
its bahraich mp, savitri bai phoole held a rally in lucknow on sunday, where she targeted the government on the reservation issue and crimes against dalits.
last week, the ndas dalit mps met prime minister narendra modi and asked the government to file a review petition.
polticians from across the spectrum and members of the legal fraternity paid tributes to veteran jurist and former law minister ram jethmalani on sunday.
advertisinghe passed away at his akbar road home on sunday morning at the age of 95.
he was cremated at lodhi crematorium.
among those in attendance were union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad, delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal, deputy cm manish sisodia, the standing counsel for delhi government, rahul mehra and aap leader raghav chadha.
former law minister in the congress government ashwani kumar, bihar politician sharad yadav and several prominent jurists, including former attorney general soli sorabjee, also attended the funeral.
kejriwal was represented by jethmalani in a defamation case filed by the former union minister late arun jaitley.
advertisingprasad, offered condolences to the family and said, i have always said this, ram jethmalani is the best criminal lawyer in the country.
earlier in the day, prime minister narendra modi and defence minister rajnath singh went to jethmalanis residence to pay their last respects.
jethmalani was a sitting member of rajya sabha from the rjd.
kejriwal, who met jethmalanis son mahesh outside the crematorium, said: ram jethmalanis demise is very sad for the entire country.
we all know he was the most experienced and able lawyer in the country.
he was an institution in himself in the area of criminal jurisprudence.
he was also a cabinet minister.
due to his departure a vacuum has been created which can not be filled.
i used to meet him quite often, he even fought some cases for me.
i know that he would fight cases of several poor people without taking a fee.
read | from defending advani to asaram bapu: a look at ram jethmalanis notable casessenior advocate, vikas pahwa told the indian express that he met jethmalani in 1994 in the supreme court.
i was fortunate that he was sitting next to me.
he wrote a small paper for me which became my source of inspiration.
he wrote that there is no substitute to hard toil and absolute integrity, you reach the top if you have these two.
pahwa added, i still have that note with me and showed it to him 18 years after, when i became a senior counsel.
that is the kind of impact he had on my life.
i learned criminal law from him.
when i showed that piece of paper to him there were around 15 -20 people in that conference room and he told all his juniors that i was his real shishya (student).
senior counsel geeta luthra recalled the time her father and jethmalani had become senior counsels.
read | how ram jethmalani led the fight for peoples right to informationone of the first big cases i handled was with my father, kk luthra.
ram was also working on that case and he and my father represented two of the accused.
it was a great pleasure being the smallest fry in that galaxy of seniors.
in my opinion he was a legal underdog.
the public opinion was against him and the media was against him and yet he had the courage to fight fearlessly.
he was also very kind to students, she said.
advertisingcongress president sonia gandhi and former prime minister manmohan singh also extended condolences to jethmalanis family.
prime minister narendra modi sunday announced an ex-gratia of rs 2 lakh to the next of kin of those deceased and rs 50,000 for those seriously injured.
prime minister narendra modi sunday announced an ex-gratia of rs 2 lakh to the next of kin of those deceased and rs 50,000 for those seriously injured.
amateur footage of the bihar boat tragedy emerged sunday, confirming that it was carrying passengers well over its intended capacity.
the dramatic visuals of the boat capsize show several passengers swimming towards safety and a few appear to have been pulled into the waters along with the boat.
the boat was carrying more than 50 people, of which 24 have been declared dead.
three teams from the national disaster response force are assisting in the rescue operations.
the survivors are being treated at the patna medial college & hospital.
watch video | what were the factors behind bihar boat tragedy that killed 24 people?
the boat was on its way back from sabalpur diara to gandhi ghat.
hundreds assembled at sablpur diara, 2 km from across patna, to witness a kite-flying festival.
bihar cm nitish kumar has ordered an inquiry and directed officials to discontinue kite flying at sabalpur diara.
the state government had arranged boats to ferry passengers but since there were few boats available for the return ride to patna, all available boats were overcrowded, several survivors said.
in patna, opposition bjp blamed the lack of preparation by the tourism department and local administration for the mishap.
arrangements should have been more robust, inquiry will expose loopholes and defaulters will be caught, union minister ravishankarprasad prasad told news agency ani.
prime minister narendra modi sunday announced an ex-gratia of rs 2 lakh to the next of kin of those deceased and rs 50,000 for those seriously injured.
earlier, state disaster management department secretary pratyaya amrit said an inquiry has been ordered and rs 4 lakh compensation would be given to the next of kin of each deceased.
b'attacking prime minister manmohan singh in the wake of 2g spectrum and other scams,bjp leader rajnath singh has said that he should step down on moral grounds.
manmohan singh has no moral right to stay in power and must step down in the interest of the country, ghaziabad mp rajnath singh said here.
bjp spokesman ravishankarprasad prasad had yesterday also accused the prime minister of being a silent spectator when former telecom minister a raja flouted his directives for ensuring fairness and transparency in the allocation of the 2g spectrum.
addressing a public rally here last evening,singh also slammed mayawati government for deteriorating law and ordersituation in uttar pradesh.
to give a clean chit to criminal ministers and mlas is an indication to support them and is a way to pollute politics which badly affects law and order situation in the state, the former bjp president said.
no one is safe in up and the bsp supremo who claims to a dalit has failed miserably to safeguard dalit women,singh said.
bjp vice president kalraj mishra said that the bjp activists would launch an agitation beginning today till february 21 at the district headquarters to uproot up chief minister.
prime minister narendra modi.
(file) prime minister narendra modi.
(file)congress and bjp were wednesday locked in fiery exchanges inside and outside parliament over prime minister narendra modis raincoat jibe at his predecessor manmohan singh with the main opposition party joined by others pressing him to apologise for the insulting remark.
bjp on its part said congress had no moral right to preach or give sermons to others and instead demanded it apologise to parliament and the prime minister for calling him names.
bjp president amit shah also reminded rahul gandhi of the kind of term his mother had used against modi, an apparent reference to maut ke saudagar'(merchant of death) remark made by sonia gandhi when he was gujarat chief minister.
watch what else is making newscongress and other opposition parties forced adjournment of rajya sabha twice demanding an apology from modi over his remarks insulting his precedessors even as its vice-president rahul gandhi told a poll rally that the prime minister had lowered the dignity of his office.
congress, cpi(m) and jd(u) raised the remarks made by modi in his speech in the rajya sabha during the debate on the motion of thanks to presidents address yesterday, saying the prime minister was abusive and used insulting language.
modi had said that one should learn the art of bathing with a raincoat on from manmohan singh as there was not a single taint on him despite so many scams having taken place during his regime.
read: cpi(m) to continue stir against pm modi for raincoat jibe on his predecessorhe has dragged political debate to new low he was abusive we will oppose him, anand sharma(congress) said.
deputy chairman p j kurien said the issue regarding modis remarks was a closed chapter as far as the chair is concerned.
i cannot reopen a discussion which is concluded there are so many other ways of raising (your concerns), he said.
digvijay singh (congress) raised strong objections to modis remarks against manmohan singh and another former prime minister indira gandhi and demanded they be expunged.
congress members were seen protesting in the aisle, raising shame, shame slogans.
former finance minister p chidambaram while initiating the discussion on the 2017-18 general budget in rajya sabha criticised modi over the words he chose to attack his predecessor, saying he should remember that the chair he sat on was used by pandit jawaharlal nehru and even atal bihari vajpayee and hence he should use right language.
the prime ministers office is not an ordinary one.
great honour is associated with it.
so by targeting his predecessor in that manner the prime minister has lowered the dignity of his office, rahul said addressing an election rally in almora in poll-bound uttarakhand.
urban development minister m venkaiah naidu hit out at congress for obstructing proceedings in both houses, and said the opposition party had no moral right to preach or give sermons to others and demanded that it apologise to parliament and the prime minister for calling him names.
naidu told reporters that the opposition, particularly congress, should tender an apology for obstructing parliament and for making uncharitable remarks against the prime minister, not only now, but also earlier.
he said the congress leaders called modi names umpteen number of times, using all absurd and cheap words.
let them not teach or preach pravachan (sermons) to others, he said.
they (opposition) called him (the pm) hitler, mussolini, gaddafi.
they made all sort of meaningless remarks against the prime minister.
it is a shame.
they are not able to understand the reality, creating issue out of non issues, why should the prime minister apologise?
naidu asked.
bjp also fielded union minister ravishankarprasad prasad to launch a sharp attack on congress, especially its top leaders sonia and rahul gandhi, saying it is no longer a conventional political party representing certain ideology but a conglomeration believing in divinity and devotion to a family.
defending modis dig, prasad said fun, pun and repartee are part of parliamentary debate and suggested that congress was using singh as an useful expendable outsider like many top leaders outside the gandhi family.
we are very very disappointed by what the pm said yesterday.
i do not think in the history of indian parliamentary democracy, we have ever heard the pm insulting his predecessor in such a manner using bathroom analogy.
this is simply not heard of (before), congress mp sashi tharoor said outside parliament.
union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad friday introduced a fresh bill to ban instant triple talaq in the lok sabha, saying that this will help protect the rights of muslim women.
advertisingintroducing the bill amid protest by the congress and aimims asaduddin owaisi, prasad said, this is not a matter of religion, caste or community.
it is a matter of a womans dignity and integrity.
the rights of muslim women will be protected (through this law).
quoting article 15 of the constitution, he said the law is to give justice to women who were victims of instant talaq.
read in banglathe introduction of the bill, however, saw huge uproar in the lok sabha with the opposition demanding that it should not be tabled before thorough consultation with the parties from the other side of the treasury bench.
the move was opposed by congress mp shashi tharoor who said even as he is against instant talaq, he is opposed to considering a civil offence as a criminal offence.
he suggested the scope of the bill should be extended to women of all communities.
advertisingterming the bill a class legislation, tharoor said abandoning of women by their husbands is not unique to muslim community and is equally prevalent among other communities.
so, why not make a universal law to provide protection to all women, he argued.
amims asaduddin owaisi also took a dig at the bjp, saying the party has so much affection for muslim women but is opposed to rights of hindu women to enter keralas sabarimala temple in kerala.
he went on to say that the bill violates constitutional rights as it stipulates three-year jail term for muslim men while non-muslim men get only one year of jail term for a similar offence, he said.
the bill, which proposes to make the practice of instant triple talaq (talaq-e-biddat) a penal offence, had faced objections from the opposition parties during the last parliament session in february too.
they had claimed that jail term for a man for divorcing his wife was legally untenable.
after the bill lapsed in the last session, the government had promulgated an ordinance to outlaw the practice.
b'finance minister arun jaitley, a rajya sabha member from gujarat, will contest the upcoming march 23 elections to the upper house from uttar pradesh.
(file photo) finance minister arun jaitley, a rajya sabha member from gujarat, will contest the upcoming march 23 elections to the upper house from uttar pradesh.
(file photo)the bjps central election committee announced on wednesday that finance minister arun jaitley, a rajya sabha member from gujarat, will contest the upcoming march 23 elections to the upper house from uttar pradesh, while oil minister dharmendra pradhan will represent madhya pradesh.
currently, pradhan is a member from bihar.
of the 58 rajya sabha seats going to polls, uttar pradesh accounts for 10.
following its massive win in the last years assembly elections, the bjp will gain eight up seats, seven up from its previous tally.
samajwadi party, which currently has 18 members in the upper house, is set to lose five of its six seats up for polls  this means its tally will come down to 13.
the congress is set to lose its solitary seat from up.
bsp, which was down one seat following mayawatis resignation, is set to lose one more and will be left with four.
the bjp announced names of seven union ministers and one general secretary for the upcoming elections.
except jaitley and pradhan, the others will contest from the same states they have been elected from.
social justice minister thawarchand gehlot will contest from madhya pradesh, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad from bihar and j p nadda from himachal pradesh.
this will be naddas second term as mp and the move is being seen as a ploy to placate the minister after he lost out on the chief minister post to jai ram thakur.
the other two union ministers, parshottam rupala and manusukh mandaviya, will contest from gujarat.
bhupender yadav, the partys general secretary, will again contest from rajasthan.
the terms of all seven leaders ends on april 2 and all are set to be elected again.
b'dubbing the 2-g spectrum issue as the mother of all scams,bjp president nitin gadkari today warned that the governments stubborn and confrontationist approach to the legitimate demand for a jpc probe will cost it dearly.
if the prime minister is so very confident that he is not guilty,why should he be so stubborn in opposing the legitimate demand of jpc?
this stubborness is reminiscent of the pre-emergency days.
bjp condemns this approach, gadkari said in his presidential address at the bjp national executive meet here,the first since the 2-g scam surfaced.
alleging that the huge loss to the exchequer due to this mother of all scams is almost equal to the budget outlay of some states,he warned the government that such a stubborn and confrontationist approach will cost the upa extremely dear.
it is the stubbornness that is to blame for the logjam in parliament.
not opposition,but the government is squarely responsible for this logjam, gadkari said,adding that the entire opposition was united on the issue and the sooner the government accepts our demand the better for all.
taking a dig at congress president sonia gandhi,he said,sermons,declaration of multi-point programmes and empty appeals to political functionaries who are your own appointees will make no impact.
his reference was obviously to the five-point plan of action against corruption announced by gandhi at the recent congress plenary in delhi.
seeking to make corruption as the biggest issue,he described the upa-ii government as a kingdom of corruption.
gadkari told the upa leadership that what was required was a series of credible measures starting with a firm commitment to punishing the guilty.
the rule of law is unambiguous.
with prima facie evidence in hand,the law enforcing agencies must file an fir.
they have to arrest and interrogate the suspect,collect evidence and file charge sheet within a stipulated time frame.
nobody knows why this has not happened, gadkari wondered.
the bjp president charged that the 20-month old rule of upa-ii has allowed every arena of governance to be exploited by scamsters.
taking a dig at the prime minister,he said,while looters were emptying the government coffers,manmohan singh was standing guard with his eyes closed and perhaps,hands tied.
these scams are some kind of a planned loot of national coffers.
incidentally,gadkari did not say anything on allegations of corruption levelled against the bjp government in karnataka,whose chief minister b s yeddyurappa was present on the occasion.
gadkaris comments clearly indicate that the bjp might intensify its demand for a jpc probe after telecom minister kapil sibal sought to dismiss as utterly erroneous the cag report,which spoke of a presumptive loss of rs 1.
76 lakh crore to the government due to allocation of the radiowaves.
bjp spokesperson ravishankarprasad prasad reacted sharply to the telecom ministers statements,saying,sibals unwarranted comments have sought to over-reach parliamentary process when the pac is looking into it.
he told reporters that it is a frontal attack on cag,designed to save (former telecom minister) a raja.
prasad replied in the negative to questions on whether gadkari referred in his address to actions of yeddyurappa,which the bjp chief had only recently dubbed as immoral but not illegal.
the karnataka chief minister,who is attending the conclave,has been accused by the opposition of making out of turn land allotments to his sons.
interestingly,there was no reference to the rashtriya ekta yatra from kolkata to srinagar by the partys youth wing,which plans to hoist the national flag at lal chowk on republic day.
it has created controversy with even nda convenor sharad yadav speaking against the idea.
with the national executive meeting for the first time after the allahabad high court verdict on ayodhya title suits,gadkari said,we are all happy over the historic ruling on ram janm bhoomi.
we have already welcomed the judgement and do hope that all sections of the society will now help make a grand ram mandir at ayodhya possible.
replying to questions,prasad denied suggestions that ayodhya will be an issue in the coming assembly elections in assam,which has a sizable minority population.
we do not relate the ram temple issue with elections, he said,when asked whether the bjp planned to give a walkover to the congress in assam by raising the temple issue.
union hrd minister smriti irani union hrd minister smriti iraniwhen union minister ravishankarprasad prasad saw his cabinet colleague smriti irani outside parliament, he jokingly asked her how she was outside during the process of guillotine (voting on demands for grants) in the lok sabha.
the lok sabha was discussing the demand for grants for housing and urban poverty alleviation ministry.
irani gave a tongue-in-cheek response.
i am being guillotined everyday, she remarked.
phone diversionparliament discussions tend to last long, sometimes for several hours.
at such times, mps find their cellphones quite handy.
on tuesday, two union ministers seemed quite occupied with their phones as the rajya sabha discussed the working of the health ministry.
ministers najma heptullah and maneka gandhi were seen busy with their smart phones in the afternoon, even as mps raised concerns about the commercialisation of healthcare.
no entryafter the bjp parliamentary party meeting in the parliament library building got over on tuesday, party chief amit shahs vehicle went to pick him up.
however, the security personnel did not allow the vehicle to enter the high security area in front of the entrance that the prime minister uses.
they said only the vehilces of the pm and other spg protectees were allowed beyond the barriers in front of gate no.
4.
the driver told them the car belonged to the bjp chief.
a personal aide of shah also rushed forward to convince the security personnel, but the latter refused to oblige.
when his aide informed shah about the situation, he uncomplainingly walked up to the barrier and got into his car.
do saal baadas the narendra modi government is all set to celebrate its two-year anniversary, the press information bureau has drawn up a list of slogans for the pm to choose from.
last years celebrations had the tagline saal ek shuruaat anek.
the suggestions for this year range from do saal mein kiya kamaal, jo sarkaar nahi kar payi saat (60) saal and do saal badla desh ka haal to do saal behtar hua desh ka haal.
modi responded positively to the issues brought to his notice by rao.
the chief minister submitted 10 memoranda.
modi responded positively to the issues brought to his notice by rao.
the chief minister submitted 10 memoranda.
telangana chief minister k chandrasekhar rao on friday met prime minister narendra modi in delhi and raised several issues, including request for funds for the kaleswaram irrigation project and handing over some defence land here to build a new state secretariat complex.
other issues raised by rao at the hour-long meeting were expediting construction of railway projects,special high court for telangana, releasing funds for certain backward districts, sanctioning an iim, releasing funds for a proposed information technology investment region, assent to the new zonal system (visvis government employment) announced by the state government, the chief ministers office said here.
modi responded positively to the issues brought to his notice by rao, it said.
the chief minister submitted 10 memoranda.
thanking the prime minister for expeditiously giving clearance to the kaleswaram irrigation project, rao sought rs 20,000 crore financial aid for it, the release said.
the project cost is rs 80,000 crore and the government has allocated rs 25,000 crore in its budget.
another rs 22,000 crore has been obtained as loan from financial institutions, it said.
rao requested amending the presidential order on the zonal system concerning government employment, it said.
he sought modis intervention to set up a special high court for telangana as the high court in hyderabad continues to be common for both telangana and andhra pradesh.
rao sought the transfer of bison polo ground in hyderabad for construction of a new secretariat complex, it said, adding the government has already requested the defence ministry, which currently holds the said land, for its transfer.
the chief minister also sought expediting railway projects in the state and funds for the itir project in hyderabad.
referring to media reports which quoted union electronics minister ravishankarprasad prasad as having said that the proposed itir project in hyderabad stands withdrawn, rao said the project should not be withdrawn, the release said.
the bjp on thursday said it will ask prime minister manmohan singh to order a thorough probe into the killing of moulvi showkat ahmad shah to expose the conspiracy behind his murder in an ied blast last friday.
former bjp president rajnath singh accompanied by ravishankarprasad prasad and other members of the bjp delegation,presently on a study tour to jammu and kashmir,visited shahs family at lal bazaar here.
this is the first time that senior bjp leaders have visited the family of any slain separatist leader.
i want to assure you that we will not only raise this issue with home minister (p chidambaram) but with prime minister (manmohan singh) also for a deep and thorough probe into the incident that led to (shahs) killing, singh told the family of the slain cleric.
he was a good man and his good intentions cannot be doubted.
after all he was a human being, singh said when asked about the bjp leaders visiting shahs family.
the bjp leader said everyone across the country,including his party,has condemned the killing of the cleric as he had dedicated his life to public service.
no one can forget his contribution in the health and education sector.
he also wanted peace in kashmir and (rest of) india, singh said.
singh said the bjp delegation had come with a message of peace and was willing to meet anyone who wants peace in the valley.
kashmir is the crown of india and we want it shining.
we seek cooperation of everyone who wants peace here, he said.
earlier,the bjp delegation paid obeisance at hazratbal shrine on the banks of dal lake.
they also visited the gurudawara at chattipadshahi in rainawari area of the city where large number of sikhs had gathered on the occasion of baisakhi.
the three accused, all muslims, were arrested on the basis of a complaint lodged by a dalit.
(representational image) the three accused, all muslims, were arrested on the basis of a complaint lodged by a dalit.
(representational image)three persons were arrested on friday over a clash between dalit and muslim groups at bakhra village in azamgarh the previous evening.
the clash was allegedly sparked over a motorcycle mishap.
the three accused, all muslims, were arrested on the basis of a complaint lodged by a dalit.
at the time of filing this report, police said no complaint was lodged by the muslim group.
while several persons were injured the clash, the condition of one man is said to be critical.
according to police, the clash took place after a 17-year-old boy on a motorcycle accidentally hit a 10-year-old dalit boy.
village head mohammad shahid said the dalit boy was at his uncles house on thursday.
at 6 pm, the boy was playing outside along with other children when the mishap happened.
people in the area caught the motorcycle rider and assaulted him, said shahid.
they later let him off.
the 10-year-old and 17-year-old suffered minor injuries.
some time later, a group, including the motorcyclists family members, reached the house leading to the clash, shahid said.
circle officer (co), phoolpur, ravishankarprasad prasad said both sides threw bricks at each other.
later, police arrived and cane-charged the crowd to bring the situation under control, he added.
asp, rural (azamgarh), narendra pratap singh said around nine dalits and four muslims were injured.
the injured persons are being treated at a district hospital.
on a complaint from mithai lal, police on friday lodged an fir at sarai meer police station against 12 named and 15-20 unidentified persons from the other group on charges, including attempt to murder and rioting.
police have also invoked sc/st act in the case.
the union minister, who highlighted a number of achievements of the nda government, said the countrys economy was on a good wicket during the last four years.
(express photo by prem nath pandey) the union minister, who highlighted a number of achievements of the nda government, said the countrys economy was on a good wicket during the last four years.
(express photo by prem nath pandey)india is becoming a major manufacturing hub of mobile phones with the number of handset factories in the country going up to 120, union minister for law and justice and electronics and information technology ravishankarprasad prasad said.
when our government came, there were just two mobile factories in india.
just two.
how many factories have come in india?
120 in the last three-and-a-half years.
india is becoming a big manufacturing hub of mobile phones, he said.
the government was pushing medical electronics and other areas in electronics in a big way, he said.
prasad was addressing a meeting on four years of modi governance: key initiatives and development outcomes, organised by the telangana unit of the bjp.
the union minister, who highlighted a number of achievements of the nda government, said the countrys economy was on a good wicket during the last four years.
four years down the line, india has got the highest foreign investment.
be it imf, be it world bank, be it another international think-tank, moodys, indias (growth) rate shall be 7.
3 percent to 7.
5 percent.
inflation is under control, he said.
prasad, the law minister, said the nda governments commitment for a free judiciary is impeccable and complete.
many top leaders now in the government had fought against the emergency for three freedoms  individual freedom, press freedom and independence of the judiciary, he said.
he said judicial appointments must be fair, reasonable and that marginalised communities should also find a space in judicial appointments.
those who do not have a family pedigree should also get into a judicial appointment.
those things we are insisting.
but in a spirit of friendship, in a spirit of reciprocity, the minister said.
the constitutional principles, including rule of law, secularism, democratic principles and separation of power, must be adhered to, he said.
what i mean is, governance must be done by those voted by the people of india to govern and lawmaking must be made by those elected to make laws by people of india and accountable to the people of india.
this principle needs to be kept in mind, he said.
the union minister highlighted the powers of the judiciary, including the power to quash any law, and also talked about the need for accountability in the judiciary.
b'the trai chairman defended uidais decision to send the notice to cis and said that there were no leakages from aadhaar, or decryption of of biometric data from the uidai server.
the trai chairman defended uidais decision to send the notice to cis and said that there were no leakages from aadhaar, or decryption of of biometric data from the uidai server.
questioning the anti-aadhaar campaigns by non-governmental organisations and civil society groups, telecom regulatory authority of indias (trai) chairman r s sharma, who is also the former director general of unique identification authority of india (uidai), said that various multinational companies were being affected by aadhaar as it was in conflict with their attempts to create their own database of users.
its making a mountain out of a molehill.
there are motivated campaigns being launched.
various multinationals are getting affected.
there are companies, which are creating their own identities.
someone has called it digital colonisation.
the fingerprint scanners on smartphones can be easily used for authenticating aadhaar but they dont allow it.
a lot of fraudulent or benami transactions can go down because of aadhaar, sharma told the indian express.
while he refused to elaborate on these multinationals, the remarks are an apparent reference to silicon valley giants such as facebook and google.
sharmas remarks come at a time when civil society groups have flagged serious concerns on issues such as privacy and accountability that arise from the centres increasing use of aadhaar.
a clutch of petitions filed by those opposing what they call the unchecked use of aadhaar is currently in the supreme court.
recently, a bengaluru-based ngo  centre for internet & society (cis)  released a report suggesting 130 million aadhaar numbers were leaked on government portals.
cis later updated its report to say that there were no leaks or leakages but a public disclosure.
the uidai served a show-cause notice to cis, asking it to explain its claims.
the trai chairman defended uidais decision to send the notice to cis and said that there were no leakages from aadhaar, or decryption of of biometric data from the uidai server.
at the same time, sharma made a case for having a comprehensive data protection law in the country.
there is a need for a larger data protection law.
in todays digitally connected world, data protection law is a must.
data security, its protocols, rules, responsibilities, accountabilities, damage, payments, compensations, all these issues must come in that law, he said.
aadhaar act, itself, is very self-contained, which takes into account all data protection and privacy issues, sharma said, adding that privacy was a cultural concept.
privacy is a culture specific concept, which they are trying to import here.
except for ngos, has any individual or poor person complained, or filed a case about privacy?
he asked.
in a recent interview to the indian express, minister of law & justice and electronics & information technology ravishankarprasad prasad had tried to allay fears of any loopholes in the aadhaar security system and said this systematic campaign against aadhaar comes as a surprise for me.
he said that the voter id information was also in public domain, but i dont see any campaign there.
b'17th kargil vijay diwas celebrated on july 26.
(source: pti) 17th kargil vijay diwas celebrated on july 26.
(source: pti)union home minister rajnath singh on the occasion of 17th kargil vijay diwas paid homage to the slain indian army soldiers, glorifying their sacrifices made during the three-month long war.
the home minister took to the micro blogging site twitter and said, i salute the supreme sacrifice & exemplary courage of our soldiers who laid down their lives in kargil war.
they are our nations true heroes,meanwhile other cabinet ministers along with political leaders also paid tribute to the brave hearts of the kargil war.
remembering the heroes of kargil war victory for their bravery and sacrifice.
i join the nation in saluting them, said defence minister parrikar.
my salute to the victorious kargil war heroes who sacrificed their lives for our motherland.
#kargilvijaydiwas, said petroleum minister dharmendra pradhan.
salute to the brave soldiers who fought with valour and lost their lives in the kargil war.
our soldiers are our pride, tweeted congress leader rajiv shukla.
paying tribute today to the brave soldiers who gave up their lives for the nation.
your sacrifice can never be forgotten #kargilvijaydiwas, tweeted congress vice president rahul gandhi.
echoing similar sentiment, earlier today, prime minister narendra modi hailed the sacrifices of indias soldiers, saying that the nation will never forget the fearlessness with which the soldiers gave a befitting and unforgettable reply to the intruders.
on kargil vijay diwas, i bow to every valiant soldier who fought for india till the very last breath.
their heroic sacrifices inspire us.
india will never forget the fearlessness with which our courageous soldiers gave a befitting and unforgettable reply to the intruders, prime minister modi tweeted.
on kargil vijay diwas i bow to every valiant soldier who fought for india till the very last breath.
their heroic sacrifices inspire us.
narendra modi (@narendramodi) july 26, 2016i salute the supreme sacrifice & exemplary courage of our soldiers who laid down their lives in kargil war.
they are our nations true heroes  rajnath singh (@rajnathsingh) july 26, 2016paying tribute today to the brave soldiers who gave up their lives for the nation.
your sacrifice can never be forgotten #kargilvijaydiwas  office of rg (@officeofrg) july 26, 2016paid my tributes to the brave martyrs on kargil vijay diwas.
pic.
twitter.com/a4utdyldnz  manohar parrikar (@manoharparrikar) july 26, 2016on #kargilvijaydiwas , i salute all the martyrs and heroes who fought for the nation and led us to victory.
pic.
twitter.com/ol8yqyp5qx  ravishankarprasad prasad (@rsprasad) july 26, 2016indian and pakistani armies fought the kargil war in may-july 1999 in the kargil district of kashmir and elsewhere along the line of control (loc).
india launched operation vijay to clear the kargil sector of infiltration by the pakistani soldiers and kashmiri militants on the indian side of the line of control.
the day is observed on july 26 every year in honour of the kargil war heroes.
from a strategic standpoint, kargil is noted as being one of the most recent instances of high-altitude warfare in mountainous terrain  something that usually provides a major challenge to both sides.
b'sc/sc act: thawar chand gehlot said the apex courts ruling could lead to a rise in atrocities against members of oppressed classes.
sc/sc act: thawar chand gehlot said the apex courts ruling could lead to a rise in atrocities against members of oppressed classes.
union social justice minister thawar chand gehlot on thursday said that the centre is likely to file next week a review petition against the supreme courts order diluting provisions of the sc/st act.
speaking to reporters here, gehlot said the apex courts ruling could lead to a rise in atrocities against members of oppressed classes.
a delegation of dalit ministers and mps led by union minister ram vilas paswan yesterday met prime minister narendra modi over dilution of some stringent provisions of the scheduled castes and the scheduled tribes (prevention of atrocities) act.
the supreme courts decision would affect the justice delivery system, gehlot, who was part of the delegation, said here, in reply to a question.
it would lead to delay in police action and arrest, and as a result, atrocities against the oppressed classes would rise, the bjp leader said.
my ministry, after holding serious discussions, had requested the law ministry that there is a need to file a review petition against the supreme court order, gehlot said.
i am glad that law minister ravishankarprasad prasad has accepted the request, he said.
to file the review petition, social justice and empowerment ministry, law ministry and the attorney generals office are in talks, and i think in the next three to four days they are going to prepare the plea.
in the next week, we will move in the direction of filing the petition, he said.
the prime minister assured the delegation of dalit mps yesterday that appropriate action would be taken, and consequently the government decided to go in for a review petition, the union minister said.
on march 20, the supreme court, noting the rampant misuse of the sc-st act against government servants, ruled that a public servant can be arrested only after approval of the appointing authority.
a non-public servant can be arrested after approval by the senior superintendent of police, it said.
union minister of law and justice ravishankarprasad prasad.
(file photo) union minister of law and justice ravishankarprasad prasad.
(file photo)government is committed to complete independence of the judiciary, union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad today said.
he urged lawyers to volunteer to help the poor get access to justice and highlighted the steps being taken by the centre to reduce pendency, including minimising litigation by the state and meeting the long-standing demand of filling up vacant posts of judges.
the prime minister has said that government is committed to independence of the judiciary and that it should be complete, prasad said at the closing ceremony of the allahabad high courts sesquicentennial celebrations.
he said the government is committed to reducing pendency of cases, an issue highlighted by prime minister narendra modi as well as chief justice of india j s khehar at the event.
as a step in this direction we are setting up sahayata kendras (facilitation centres) that will be devoted to speedy disposal of such cases as may have been pending for 10 years or more.
a pilot project for legal aid was being launched for uttar pradesh and bihar, the minister said.
prasad exhorted those involved in the legal profession to help the government in achieving its objectives by devoting their time and energy in cases that may be pro bono and may not bring publicity.
the minister said that the process is on for finalising a national litigation policy.
already, i have at the direction of the prime minister written to chief ministers of states and my colleagues in the union council of ministers to ensure that the number of cases filed by the government is reduced as far as possible.
there has been a long-standing demand for filling up of vacant posts of judges.
that too will be taken care of, prasad said.
the union minister was speaking in the presence of prime minister narendra modi, uttar pradesh governor ram naik and chief minister yogi adityanath, among others.
there are nearly 5,000 vacancies in the subordinate judiciary.
there are as many as 2.
7 crore cases pending in subordinate courts, and 38.
7 lakh cases pending in the high courts.
while the appointments in the higher judicary have been delayed over the tussle between the centre and the supreme court collegium over memorandum of procedure, the centre has often faulted the judiciary over the vacancies in lower courts.
however, the supreme court collegium last month finalised the mop for appointment of judges in the higher judiciary, ending a year-long face-off with the executive by agreeing to include the contentious clause of national security in selection of judges.
hailing the contributions of advocates in the freedom struggle, the minister said luminaries like mahatma gandhi, sardar patel and rajendra prasad had placed an ideal of kaabil vakil, tyaagi neta (competent lawyer, sacrificing leader) which all ought to follow.
prasad also recalled landmark judgements passed by the allahabad high court, including the one whereby the election of the then prime minister indira gandhi was declared illegal and another one way back in 1901 which held that a widow was entitled to receive maintenance.
i was myself privileged to be a counsel in yet another landmark case  the ayodhya title dispute.
i do not wish to speak about this case much since an appeal challenging the high court order is pending before the supreme court, prasad said.
bharatiya janata partys national president amit shah is set to appoint a national leader to take charge of the upcoming delhi elections.
sources in the party said the names of union information technology minister ravishankarprasad prasad and union health minister j p nadda are doing the rounds for the post.
bjp in-charge of haryana elections, kailash vijayvargiya  now an mp from madhya pradesh  is also being considered.
the announcement is expected to be made soon, sources said.
one of the leaders will replace union minister nitin gadkari  who was incharge for delhi in the last polls.
sources said the lack of leadership in the party has led the top brass to take this decision.
sources also said as shah is overseeing other states, he wants someone to take charge of delhi.
we are aware that shah is strategising for the party unit in delhi.
with our government at the centre, we cannot afford to lose delhi as it will deflate the modi wave.
this is the main reason for choosing a strong leader who will take charge of delhi, a senior leader said.
the top leadership has also decided to involve mps from every state in the campaigning.
sources said campaigning would be done during the parliaments winter session when all the mps are present in delhi.
union minister choudhary birender singh will be in charge of all jaat villages in delhi while union minister venkaiah naidu will address voters who belong to andhra pradesh.
mps from bihar and uttar pradesh will cover the localities with a majority of purvanchalis.
however, many leaders believe that it will be difficult for the mps to devote time to delhi, when the winter session is on.
meanwhile, the delhi unit has started charting out localities on the basis of population so that they can be allotted to the respective mps.
b'union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
express photo by prem nath pandey/files union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
express photo by prem nath pandey/filesthe bjp, union ministers and chief ministers of bjp-ruled states welcomed the supreme court verdict dismissing pleas to probe the death of judge b h loya.
the party alleged that the case was an attempt to damage the interests of the bjp in general and its national president amit shah in particular.
law minister minister ravishankarprasad prasad told the media at the party headquarters, it was not a case activated by public interest, (but was) basically driven to promote congress interest to damage the interests of the bjp in general and its national president amit shah in particular.
this was a case brought to put a blot on our national president.
can anything be more irresponsible than saying that the sc is under the influence of our party president?
prasad asked.
prasad trained the guns at congress and its president rahul gandhi, who, he said, led the tirade against bjp and shah over the loya death issue.
the biggest tragedy of this proceeding is that to settle political score even the judicial authorities and judges have been sought to be scandalised and that they will go to the extent of alleging in fact, the whole conduct amounted to serious compromise on the independence of judiciary, prasad said.
also read | congress: if bjp believes judge loyas death was natural, why fear probe?
prasad also highlighted the apex courts observation on an argument by lawyer dushyant dave.
dave, one of the petitioners seeking an independent probe, had said that since two judges of high court  justice bhushan gavai and justice s b shukre  had given an interview to the indian express in which they said justice loyas death was due to natural causes, their statements could not be regarded as independent.
prasad pointed out that the court rejected daves argument because the statements were published on november 27, 2017 whereas the statements from the judges were received on november 23 and 24.
there were wrong statements to defame the judicial officers.
the article was published four days after they gave their statements to the court, he said.
home minister rajnath singh pointed out that the supreme court had cautioned against the misuse of courts in political tug-of-war.
in a series of tweets, he said, the sc verdict gives a clear message that the judiciary cannot be misled by allegations based on political vendettait is extremely unfortunate that there have been several attempts of targeting the bjp and assassinating the character of its top leaders on the basis of fake facts.
these attempts have failed miserably once again.
maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis said, there was an attempt to create suspicion over the accidental death of justice loya after three years.
in a way, behind this, there was an attempt to attack bjp president amit shah.
today, the congress, communists and media houses have been exposedjharkhand cm raghubar das said the supreme court verdict was a slap on the face of congress.
satyamevjayate!
the welcome judgement by the honourable supreme court in #judgeloya case is a tight slap to those people who were exploiting the natural death of the judge and playing petty politics for their narrow vested interests, chhattisgarh cm raman singh said.
earlier in the day, bjp spokesperson sambit patra alleged that the invisible hand behind the petitions seeking probe belonged to rahul gandhi and alleged that the congress president tried to use the judiciary for character assassination of amit shah.
b'the draft was approved by the union cabinet headed by pm modi the draft was approved by the union cabinet headed by pm modithe national investigation agency (nia) will act as the nodal authority for probing cases of human trafficking, according to a proposed legislation by the ministry of women and child development (mw&cd).
the union cabinet, headed by prime minister narendra modi, wednesday approved the draft trafficking of persons (prevention, protection and rehabilitation) bill, 2018, which also proposes a punishment of life imprisonment for repeat offenders.
union wcd minister maneka gandhi said, we will present the bill in the upcoming session (of parliament).
the nia act is being amended separately.
the proposed legislation addresses the issue of trafficking from the point of view of prevention, rescue and rehabilitation.
a cabinet decision says: aggravated forms of trafficking, which includes trafficking for the purpose of forced labour, begging, trafficking by administering chemical substance or hormones on a person for the purpose of early sexual maturity, trafficking of a woman or child for the purpose of marriage or under the pretext of marriage or after marriage will be covered in the new law.
the former category of crimes would carry a jail term of seven to 10 years.
the latter would carry a punishment of at least 10 years in jail, which can be extended to life imprisonment with a fine of rs 1 lakh.
the draft bill also moots three years in jail for abetting, promoting and assisting trafficking.
the proposed legislation recommends a national anti-trafficking relief and rehabilitation committee which would be headed by secretary, wcd ministry.
the nia will receive financial aid under nirbhaya fund for safety of women in order to set up a cell for investigating human trafficking.
the new law will make india a leader among south asian countries to combat trafficking, union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said.
the bill provides for interim relief immediately to victims within 30 days to address their trauma and further appropriate relief within 60 days from the date of filing of chargesheet.
it aims to ensure confidentiality of victims or witnesses and complainants by not disclosing their identity, time-bound trial and repatriation of the victims within a period of one year from taking into cognizance.
nia will perform the tasks of anti-trafficking bureau at the national level present under the mha, prasad added.
b'cambridge analytica row live updates: the data leaks scandal has forced facebook ceo mark zuckerberg to concede that the right steps were not taken and that they needed to ensure this does not recur.
cambridge analytica row live updates: the data leaks scandal has forced facebook ceo mark zuckerberg to concede that the right steps were not taken and that they needed to ensure this does not recur.
the international scandal involving social media giant facebook and data analytics firm cambridge analytica has had a ripple effect on indian politics with the analytics firm claiming to have worked in india in the past.
major political parties bjp, congress and jd(u) find themselves embroiled in the controversy, with the cambridge analytica website claiming to have provided service to them through its indian partner ovleno business intelligence (obi), which is owned by jd(u) leader kc tyagis son amrish.
it has also been revealed that in india, cambridge analytica worked in bihar elections in 2010.
responding to allegations made against his son amrish, jd(u) leader kc tyagi thursday said that, there was only a work relation between my son amrishs company and cambridge analytica, there is no financial transaction or shareholding, everything is open to probe.
union minister for it and law, ravishankarprasad prasad had wednesday issued a warning to facebook or the alleged case of data theft, while also accusing the main opposition congress of having links with cambridge analytica.
prasad alleged that the firm had plans to influence polls in india, too.
referring to other news reports, he alleged that the controversial firm was in talks with the congress party for the 2019 lok sabha elections.
nirbhaya gangrape case convicts: akshay thakur, pawan gupta, vinay sharma and mukesh singh nirbhaya gangrape case convicts: akshay thakur, pawan gupta, vinay sharma and mukesh singhthe supreme court on friday upheld the death sentence awarded to four convicts in the 2012 delhi gangrape case by a delhi fast-track court in 2013 and subsequently the delhi high court in 2014, rejecting the appeal filed by the convicts.
akshay thakur, pawan gupta, vinay sharma, mukesh singh, ram singh and a juvenile were held guilty of gang-raping and murdering a 23-year-old student in the national capital.
the victim, who put up a brave fight, died about a fortnight later in a singapore hospital where she was battling for life.
the offence created a tsunami of shock, the apex court observed today.
during the course of the trial, ram singh was found dead in prison.
the juvenile, who was tried by the juvenile justice board, served three years in a remand home and has since been released.
here are the highlights from the supreme court, as well as the reactions to the apex courts order.
for a recap on the entire case, click here nirbhaya gangrape case 2012: a look at what all has happened over the years.
nirbhaya gangrape case highlights:4:30 pm: the supreme courts verdict in the nirbhaya gangrape case is victory of the rule of law, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad, is quoted as saying by pti.
favouring death penalty in statute, he says he is satisfied that the provision exists for rarest of rare cases.
for more reactions, click here.
4:20 pm: heres an extract from the scs remarks on the incident that took place in december 2012, which brought about a tsunami of shock:the casual manner with which she was treated and the devilish manner in which they played with her identity and dignity is humanly inconceivable.
it sounds like a story from a different world where humanity has been treated with irreverence.
4:03 pm: i welcome the honble supreme court verdict upholding the death sentences of the accused in nirbhaya case.
justice prevailed, tweets mos for home affairs kiren rijiju.
4:00 pm: it is a good judgement that the supreme court has passed, rajiv mohan, one of the public prosecutor in the lower courts, tells ani.
3:55 pm: justice has finally been done and has brought a closure, puducherry lg kiran bedi is quoted as saying by ndtv.
3:43 pm: surjewala questions why the nirbhaya fund hasnt been used, in a series of tweets.
6       1000   #nirbhaya      !
?
randeep s surjewala (@rssurjewala) may 5, 20173:40 pm: congress spokesperson randeep s surjewala reacts to the verdict.
watch:   #nirbhaya                   ?
pic.
twitter.com/w49nhmsng0  randeep s surjewala (@rssurjewala) may 5, 20173:35 pm: it was very tragic incident, which has blotted the civilization of india.
in my opinion there is no doubt what so ever, that all of them were guilty and i think nothing other than capital punishment should be given by the sc, bjp leader subramanian swamy had told ani, prior to the announcement of the verdict.
3:30 pm: the senior advocate who represented the delhi police, siddhartha luthra, told hindustan times that credit goes to the able team of the delhi police, which collected unimpeachable scientific evidence to prove the case beyond reasonable doubt.
he agreed with the scs verdict, upholding death penalty to the convicts.
3:25 pm: aap leader kumar vishwas reacts to the verdict, saying he is happy that an appropriate punishment has been handed to those who committed the crime behen nirbhaya ham sharminda hain ki hum sabke rehte aisa hua.
ishwar tumhari aatma ko santosh de ki nirmam gunhagaaron ko aakhir uchit saza mili (sister nirbhaya, we are filled with sorrow that in spite of us all being there, such a tragedy happened with you.
may god give relief to your soul that at least the criminals are given appropriate punishment), he tweeted.
3:15 pm: reacting to the supreme courts verdict, nirbhayas mother says that her daughter has got justice, times of india reports.
the victims father added, justice meted to us and the nation which supported our daughter.
asha devi thanks everyone who supported her in the difficult times, reports pti.
though we have lost our daughter, we are satisfied that the court has awarded death sentence to her perpetrators, she says.
3:04 pm: in principle i am against death penalty, but this was such a heinous crime that strictest punishment was needed.
selective nature of the judicial process of our country is why i am against death penalty.
what happened in bilkis bano case, says cpm leader brinda karat.
3:02 pm: madhya pradesh cm shivraj singh chouhan reacts:                          shivrajsingh chouhan (@chouhanshivraj) may 5, 2017                            shivrajsingh chouhan (@chouhanshivraj) may 5, 20173:00 pm: delhi polices investigation stands vindicated.
its an important verdict, said deependra pathak, delhi police spokesperson.
2:55 pm: the victims father has told ani that he is happy with the judgment.
this is a victory for my family, he said.
2:45 pm: here are some other reactions to the supreme court verdict.
dcw welcomes sc decision.
finally, justice was delayed but not denied.
nirbhayas rapists will be served death penalty now  swati maliwal, dcw chairpersonhistoric judgment by supreme court in nirbhaya case.
let this be the beginning of speedy & effective justice for every victim of gender violence  ashish khetan, senior leader, aap2:40 pm: i am happy that the verdict has been upheld though i wish it had come sooner, said women and child development minister maneka gandhi.
she was behind the passage of the juvenile justice bill that was passed earlier this year.
2:35 pm: you cannot sentence somebody to death just to make an example in the society.
human rights is in tatters, said ap singh, the defence counsel.
justice not done, we will file review petition after reading the order.
he also said the death sentence for the convicts is the result of public pressure.
2.
30 pm: heres more on what the three-judge bench of the supreme court said today: the devilish manner in which she was treated seems like a story from a different world humanly inconceivable.
aggravating circumstances outweigh the mitigating circumstances.
the victims dying declaration is consistent; it has been proved beyond doubt and corroborated, the bench said, adding that the nature and manner of the crime devastated social trust, and falls in rarest of rare category warranting death penalty.
2.
20 pm: while the supreme court has passed its order today, the four convicts will be given enough time to decide their next move.
they can file a writ petition in the supreme court and post that they can file a mercy petition before the president.
2.
17 pm: the supreme court has upheld the death sentence awarded to the four convicts.
they will be hanged, says the supreme court.
while reading out the order, the apex court said that the act demonstrates perversion of the accused.
2.
15 pm: as it begins reading out the verdict, the supreme court has said that the criminal conspiracy allegations stand established against the accused.
it also said that the dna profiling of the accused proved their presence in the bus.
the dying declaration of the victim is also consistent, the apex court has said.
2.
00 pm: parents of the victim have arrived and are present in the supreme court.
the court is likely to pronounce its order anytime now, on whether it will uphold the delhi high courts order awarding the death sentence to the four convicts.
1.
55 pm: the matter will come up at 2 pm this afternoon, and lawyers have already started entering the already packed court room in the supreme court.
the case has been closely tracked for the last four years by lawyers, civil society groups and citizens at large.
1.
40 pm: in 2014, when the delhi high court upheld the conviction and death penalty, it termed the offence as extremely fiendish and unparalleled in the history of criminal jurisprudence and said the exemplary punishment was the need of the hour.
1.
35 pm: to recap, the trial court that was set up in 2013, passed its order awarding the death sentence in september that year.
the accused were convicted on all 13 counts and were awarded the death sentence.
the juvenile in the case was sent to a remand home.
the maximum sentence that can be awarded to a juvenile is three years.
1.
30 pm: hours before the supreme court pronounces its order, the mother of the victim, speaking to reporters, had this to say: we have full faith in the judicial system and i am sure that the supreme court will announce death sentence in its verdict for the guilty.
i am sure the supreme court will give justice to my daughter.
this will set an example for the world.
you can read more about it, here.
the victims mother asha devi sits next to her daughters bravery awards in their dwarka residence.
express photo by ravi kanojia.
the victims mother asha devi sits next to her daughters bravery awards in their dwarka residence.
express photo by ravi kanojia.
the protests that followed the 2012 delhi gangrape case saw huge demonstrations, not just in delhi, but in various other parts of the country.
a committee was then set up to recommend changes in existing laws and work towards safety measures for women.
the justice verma committee submitted a slew of recommendations to the central government.
moreover, the then government constituted a nirbhaya fund with rs 1000 crore for works related to the safety of women.
the then government, however, came under severe criticism for failing to use the allocated fund.
b'rjd chief lalu prasad yadav.
(source: express photo by prashant ravi/file) rjd chief lalu prasad yadav.
(source: express photo by prashant ravi/file)acting on information of alleged investments in shell companies and benami deals worth over rs 1,000 crore, the income tax department on tuesday conducted searches and surveys on at least 22 locations in delhi and adjoining areas allegedly linked to rjd chief lalu prasad.
searches were carried out at the residential premises of 12 persons linked to the case while surveys were conducted at 10 office premises associated with the companies being investigated by the department, a senior tax official said.
speaking on the sidelines of an event in the capital, union finance minister arun jaitley said, people in high positions acquiring assets through shell companies is not a small matter.
the day of reckoning has come for many.
they all will be accountable.
the tax official said that the searches and surveys were conducted following an investigation of the investment pattern in shell companies.
we are carrying out the searches and surveys.
the companies being probed are shell companies in which lalu and his family members are directors or have some link.
the 12 people who are being searched also are directly or indirectly related to investments in these shell companies, the official alleged.
officials said the 12 included vijay kochar, vinay kochar, ajay kochar, amit katyal, vivek nagpal and subhash goel, some of whom they described as prominent businessmen and real estate agents.
the department is likely to invoke provisions of the newly-enacted benami transactions act, 1988, which became operational from november 1 last year and carries a maximum punishment of seven years in jail and a fine.
the action under this new law will be over and above the legal proceedings under the income tax act, 1961, officials said.
tax officials said the findings from the searches and surveys will be known only in the next few days.
reacting to the searches, rjd chief prasad posted on his official twitter account that he was not scared at all and will continue to fight against fascist forces.
bjp mein himmat nahin hai ki lalu ki awaz ko daba sake lalu ki awaz dabayenge to desh bhar me karoron lalu khade ho jayenge(bjp does not have the courage to stifle my voice if it tries to silence one lalu, crores of lalus will rise across the country), he wrote in a series of tweets.
asked about opposition claims that the government was misusing its authority, finance minister jaitley said, in the finance ministry, the revenue department or the cbdt, all actions which are taken are under the proceedings of the income-tax acti can only give a general statement.
unless there is a substantial basis or a reason to suspect that either there is evasion or a crime has been committed, these departments dont act.
because ultimately, whatever action they have taken, it has to bear some results.
the income tax raids follow allegations of financial irregularities levelled by the bjp last week.
the bjp had accused lalu prasad, his parliamentarian daughter misa bharti and his two sons tejashwi and tej pratap, both bihar government ministers, of being involved in corrupt land deals worth over rs 1,000 crore, and asked the central government to probe one such transaction in delhi.
union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad had alleged that these transactions were a case of quid pro quo as they date back to the period when lalu was the railway minister.
lalus official residence was the address of the owners of the firms allegedly floated by his family members, prasad had claimed.
officials said the searches and surveys started on tuesday morning and were conducted by a team of around 100 officials.
in delhi, the tax department teams also visited areas in new friends colony and sainik farms, and a few farmhouses in bijwasan and in south delhi, they said.
some documents and computer hardware have been seized from these premises, the officials said.
iftar at union minister mukhtar abbas naqvis house.
(source: twitter) iftar at union minister mukhtar abbas naqvis house.
(source: twitter)the congress hosts iftar parties for political engineering but our event is part of social engineering to give the dignity the minority community has never received, union minister mukhtar abbas naqvi said today.
comparing the congresss iftar party to the one he hosted this evening, the minister said: we talk about development and dignity the congresss iftar is for political engineering.
no one has ever tried to organise an iftar for social engineering.
we have done it, especially when we are talking about muslim women, triple talaq and other issues related to their empowerment, naqvi told pti.
naqvi had announced an iftar party a day after the congress said it would host a fast-breaking meal on wednesday.
attended by more than 300 muslim women, including a few who were given tripla talaq, naqvis iftar certainly attracted a lot of media attention.
bjp ministers in attendance.
(source: twitter) bjp ministers in attendance.
(source: twitter)interacting with the muslim women, the minister stressed that the bjp government had made possible for them to go for haj without a male companion.
for the first time after independence, muslim officers would be posted in saudi arabia for haj duty.
a woman officer is also being deployed to help the women who will travel alone, naqvi informed.
interacting with the muslim women, the minister stressed that the bjp government had made possible for them to go for haj without a male companion.
(express photo by renuka puri) interacting with the muslim women, the minister stressed that the bjp government had made possible for them to go for haj without a male companion.
(express photo by renuka puri)the government has already launched progress panchayat, an outreach campaign to create awareness about its programmes for the welfare of minorities, and similar programmes for muslim women will also be launched soon, naqvi informed.
the iftar party was attended by a number of nda ministers, including ravishankarprasad prasad, prakash javadekar, smriti irani, jitendra singh, m j akbar, among others.
b'high court of madras high court of madrasthe high courts of madras, bombay, and possibly calcutta, are set to shed the old names of their cities and adopt the new ones  chennai, mumbai and kolkata, respectively.
the union cabinet tuesday approved a law ministry proposal for changing the names of the high courts in these cities.
the government release communicating the decision mentions madras high court and bombay high court, but union minister ravishankarprasad prasad later told reporters that the calcutta high court, too, would undergo change of name.
watch video: keystrokes  smriti irani gets textilesthe names will be changed through an act of parliament.
the proposal of the department of justice in the law ministry is to bring a bill  the high courts (alteration of names) bill, 2016  to rename the two high courts established in the 1860s under the indian high court act, 1861.
the high courts (alteration of names) bill, 2016 will facilitate the changing of the names of bombay high court as mumbai high court and madras high court as chennai high court, respectively, the government release said.
watch: analysing modi cabinet reshuffle: smriti irani loses hrd; javadekar, piyush goyal gainthe calcutta high court has the distinction of being the first high court and one of the three chartered high courts to be set up in india, along with the high courts of bombay and madras.
it was formally opened on july 1, 1862.
sources said that the government had earlier planned to vest the president with powers to rename a high court in consultation with the governor, chief minister and chief justice of that state.
but the idea has been dropped.
union minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
(express photo) union minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
(express photo)highlighting the growing popularity and prowess of the bharatiya janata party (bjp), the centre on saturday left no stones unturned in reminding the opposition of the crushing loss it faced in the uttar pradesh polls, asserting that the results clearly rejected the trend of casteism and nepotism politics in the state.
winning 325 of the 403 seats proves that the people of up are with the bjp.
the up result is a rejection of the politics of casteism and nepotism.
the people have trusted the politics of development, information technology minister ravishankarprasad prasad said while addressing a press conference during bjp executive meeting here.
brimming with confidence over the upcoming elections in gujarat, karnataka, and himachal pradesh this year, the union minister stated that the bjp will taste victory again.
when we won in 2014, they said that bjp has reached its peak.
the same was said in 2017.
but bjp chief (amit shah) said that the party is yet to hit its peak.
we have 13 chief ministers in the country.
we want every state to have a bjp or national democratic alliance (nda) chief minister.
we want prime minister modi to win a second term in 2019.
bjp chief also said that we make bjp a pan india party- from panchayat to parliament.
bjp will win gujarat, karnataka and himachal pradesh next, prasad stated.
meanwhile, he also accepted amit shahs statement that prime minister narendra modi is the most popular leader since independence.
because of his (prime minister modi) extraordinary connect with the people and the trust people have on him, amit shah said that prime minister modi is the most popular leader since independence, prasad said.
the bjps two-day national executive meeting began in bhubaneswar this evening.
about 350 people, which includes prime minister narendra modi, party chief amit shah, union ministers, chief ministers of 13 bjp-ruled states including up chief minister yogi adityanath, are in attendance.
on the agenda is the bjps strategy to increase the partys political footprint ahead of the 2019 general elections, while eyeing the 2019 odisha state elections.
ravi shankar prasad at a press meet in delhi on thursday.
pti ravishankarprasad prasad at a press meet in delhi on thursday.
ptiunion minister for law and justice ravishankarprasad prasad on thursday said that work on finalising the revised memorandum of procedure  a guide for appointments to the higher judiciary  was still in progress but stressed that the delay had not affected judicial appointments.
revised mop (is) being finalised in consultation with the supreme court collegium, he told reporters at a press conference called to announce the achievements of his ministry upon completion of three years of the narendra modi government.
on some issues, we have reached agreement (with the collegium), the minister said, but declined to disclose the points on which differences remained.
when asked whether this had affected judicial appointments in any manner, prasad answered in the negative and claimed that the highest number of judicial appointments was made in the last three years.
during the last three years, till may 2017, 17 judges in the supreme court and 232 judges in the high courts were appointed.
during 2016, 126 fresh appointments of judges (were made) in high courts, the highest ever in a given year, he said.
appointments to the higher judiciary has remained a thorny issue between the narendra modi government and supreme court collegium, with the former favouring a national judicial appointments commission.
the national judicial appointments commission act, mooted to give shape to the commission, was struck down by the supreme court in october 2015.
the court also directed the government to supplement the existing mop (for appointments) in consultation with the cji and sc collegium.
prasads comments indicate that the differences between the two sides are yet to be resolved.
regarding pendency of cases, prasad said he had doubts about the exact number of pending cases and that he will write to chief justices of all high courts to do a physical verification to ascertain the figure.
he said he would also request the cjs to expedite cases pending for over 10 years.
he said he had written to chief ministers to take steps to reduce pendency in cases where the government was one of the parties.
prasad pointed out that he and the secretary of the justice department had written letters to the chief justices of high courts in july 2014, december 2015, november 2016 and january 2017 to give representation to scs, sts, obcs, minorities and women while making recommendations for fresh appointments to the high courts.
on corruption in the judiciary, the minister said the government did not want to play the role of adjudicator, and the judiciary must address the charges against it to ensure peoples trust.
asked about justice c s karnan, prasad said he did not want to comment on individual cases except that maybe there is a case for greater scrutiny and screening in the judiciary.
b'mark zuckerberg said facebook executives have some sense of the different things that we need to get in front of.
mark zuckerberg said facebook executives have some sense of the different things that we need to get in front of.
under fire in the controversy raging around data analytics firm cambridge analytica and its harvesting of facebook user data, the social media giants founder mark zuckerberg broke his silence early thursday to say that his company is enhancing its security features ahead of the upcoming elections in countries like india and brazil.
his remarks come as he and facebook face flak over a major data breach scandal by the british firm linked to donald trumps presidential campaign.
zuckerberg, in an interview with the new york times, referred to artificial intelligence (ai) tools deployed by facebook to detect fake accounts trying to manipulate news and influence the elections.
such a tool was deployed for the first time in the french elections in 2017.
the new ai tools we built after the 2016 elections found, i think, more than 30,000 fake accounts that we believe were linked to russian sources who were trying to do the same kind of tactics they did in the us in the 2016 election.
we were able to disable them and prevent that from happening on a large scale in france, he said.
read | ravishankarprasad prasad warns facebook on data breach: can even summon mark zuckerberglast year in 2017 with the special election in alabama, we deployed some new ai tools to identify fake accounts and false news, and we found a significant number of macedonian accounts that were trying to spread false news, and were able to eliminate those, zuckerberg said.
this is for the first time that zuckerberg has publicly talked about facebook being allegedly used for influencing polls.
i feel a lot better about the systems now.
at the same time, i think russia and other governments are going to get more sophisticated in what they do, too.
so we need to make sure that we up our game, he said.
this is a massive focus for us to make sure were dialed in for not only the 2018 elections in the us, but the indian elections, the brazilian elections, and a number of other elections that are going on this year that are really important, zuckerberg said.
explained | facebook chief mark zuckerbergs promises fix: what he said, what he did notwith more than 250 million users, india is the largest market for facebook.
more indians use the social media platform than americans, which is its second largest market.
zuckerbergs comments come a day after the union minister for law and justice, and electronics & information technology ravishankarprasad prasad issued a warning to the social media company that india will take stringent action which could include summoning zuckerberg, in case data of indians is stolen.
besides interviews, zuckerberg also put up a 900-word facebook post in which he apologised for his mistakes.
read | data breach: bjp, congress, jd(u) on client list of parent firms india partneri started facebook, and at the end of the day, he said, im responsible for what happens on our platform.
im serious about doing what it takes to protect our community.
he added that facebook has a responsibility to protect your data, and if we cant then we dont deserve to serve you.
he also promised to make it harder for apps to harvest information of users.
zuckerberg admitted that governments including russias will get more sophisticated in their ways to interfere with elections of other countries, so we need to make sure that we up our game.
he also admitted that facebook was unable to tackle undue influence of external factors during the 2016 american elections.
theres no doubt that in 2016, there were a number of issues including foreign interference and false news that we did not have as much of a handle on as we feel a responsibility to for our community.
one of facebooks biggest responsibilities, he said, is to protect data.
to prevent the kind of unauthorised gathering and sharing of data that cambridge analytica was involved with, zuckerberg laid out three steps facebook will take: dramatically reducing the amount of data that developers have access to; doing a full forensic audit of any app that facebook uncovers that has any suspicious activity; blocking access to apps that a user hasnt used for three months.
he said, it is really important that people know what apps theyve authorised.
opinion | when data, fake news and algorithms combinezuckerberg said in his post that the company will alert every user whose data may have been affected in the scandal involving cambridge analytica.
the company will go through an intensive process reviewing thousands of apps on the platform.
to tackle the issue of false news, another major concern plaguing a number of countries around the world today, zuckerberg said, facebook has made some basic policy decisions.
if youre anywhere close to being a fake news site, you cant put facebook ads on your site, right?
so then suddenly, it becomes harder for them to make money.
if you make it hard enough for them to make money, they just kind of go and do something else.
mark zuckerberg mark zuckerbergthe facebook founder told the new york times that, he could not have anticipated a situation like this when he started the social media platform during his college days.
if you had asked me, when i got started with facebook, if one of the central things id need to work on now is preventing governments from interfering in each others elections, theres no way i thought thats what id be doing, if we talked in 2004 in my dorm room.
cambridge analtyicas parent company, strategic communication laboratories has partnered with a firm named ovleno business intelligence (obi) in india.
before its website was suspended on wednesday, obi had mentioned bjp, congress and janata dal (united) among its political clients.
interestingly, obis owner amrish tyagi is jd(u)s senior leader kc tyagis son.
amrish tyagi and cambridge analyticas suspended chief executive, alexander nix are directors in a ghaziabad-based company named strategic communication laboratories private limited.
nix was recorded by undercover journalists of channel 4 news boasting how his organisations tactics to influence elections include honey-trapping and bribing their clients opponents.
union minister of law and justice and communications ravishankarprasad prasad on wednesday said that sardar vallabhbhai patels pain regarding kashmir had been eliminated through surgery by another great son of gujarat - prime minister narendra modi.
advertisingaddressing a gathering of people from 36 institutes of ahmedabad at dinesh hall here, prasad said the decision to scrap special status of jammu and kashmir was a confidential project, and that he got to know about it just two days earlier.
today there is satisfaction about one fact.
the pain of sardar patel regarding kashmir has been cured through surgery by another great son of gujarat, narendra modi, prasad said, speaking at the event called rashtriya ekta abhiyaan organised by the gujarat bjp.
also read | militant build-up across loc, border; many attempts to infiltrate: j&k policeadvertisingcongratulating modi on the moves regarding j&k, prasad also gave credit to home minister amit shah for deftly piloting the project.
there are a number of holes in the government of india.
and this matter could have been leaked from anywhere.
and once it was leaked, mischief was bound to be there, he said.
also read | nearly 300 from valley detained in up jails: separate barracks, families waiti had been associated with the subject i joined just two days prior.
amitbhai called me and said law minister, read this file.
after reading the file, i was startled.
because, ever since i joined the rss in class iii, i had just heard the story of jahan huye balidan mukherjee, woh kashmir hamara hain.
and now, as law minister, i was to sign.
i got emotional.
he (shah) said, law minister, is your pen working correctly?
take it out and sign it, we want to make history.
earlier in the day, prasad addressed a press conference at ahmedabad management association wherein he highlighted the achievements of the modi-led government in the first 100 days of its second term.
here too, prasad mentioned the abrogation of special status as the biggest achievement of the government.
he said the decision was appreciated by a number of countries, and that even china had not openly objected to it.
the decision is in the interest of jammu and kashmir and india, he said.
praising patel for unifying india, prasad said that patel was right and jawaharlal nehru was wrong in their approach towards kashmir.
also read | in andhra pradesh, rights group leader, others booked for meet on article 370, j&kprasad also spoke on other achievements of the modi government, including the law banning instant triple talaq.
on the issue of employment, prasad said that since september 2017, 2.
75 crore persons have been added to the employees provident fund, which means that as many people have got jobs.
he said that in 2014, there were only two mobile manufacturing companies in india, but now, there are 268 such companies.
rough weatherkapil sibal surely has not had the best of time in the rajya sabha in his capacity as a union minister.
as the government on wednesday unsuccessfully tried to introduce the communal violence bill and sibal got up to answer queries on the issue of federalism and legislative competency, he came under attack from aiadmks v maitreyan who sought to know why the law minister was answering queries on a home ministry bill.
bjps najma heptullah, prakash javadekar and ravishankarprasad prasad were quick to join maitryan.
after about 10 minutes of din, sibal was allowed to speak only after home minister sushil kumar shinde assured the house that he would reply as well.
finally, however, the bill was deferred.
incidentally, when sibal was hrd minister, the first major education bill he piloted was deferred by the rajya sabha  and still remains stuck there.
busy daysback- channel political parleys on telangana during the crucial parliament session gave some jittery moments to indian and german officials on wednesday.
german president joachim gauck, who was scheduled to meet congress president sonia gandhi and leader of opposition sushma swaraj, could not meet them as both were busy with political activities.
south block was told that the telangana issue had kept them away from the meeting.
but, by evening, both sides were taking out time from their schedules to meet the visiting dignitary on thursday, who is on his first-ever visit to india.
humanitarian gestureit seems that only two states, bjp-ruled gujarat and madhya pradesh, gave compensation to the families of the 15 indo tibetan border police (itbp) and national disaster response force (ndrf) personnel, who were killed in a helicopter crash while rescuing flood victims in uttarakhand last year, irrespective of which state the personnel belonged to.
states like assam, uttar pradesh and kerala were selective in their compensation package, giving it only to the families of the personnel from their states.
five iaf officers, who also died in the crash, were awarded shaurya chakra while none from the itbp and ndrf got any such award.
it now turns out that the personnel had been recommended for jeevan raksha padak instead on the advice of the ministry of home affairs.
the ministry, however, did not process the recommendations any further.
changing with timenow that the ministry of culture is also actively steering the festivals of india abroad, it has decided to give in to popular taste in keeping with public demand.
while it started its peru and cuba festivals in october 2013 showcasing classic films like the 1913 silent film raja harishchandra and the 1983 telugu hit sagara sangamam, these were met with extremely poor response.
having learnt its lessons, the ministry is set to open the india festival in laos next week with popular bollywood blockbusters such as zindagi na milegi dobara, dil chahta hai, jodha akbar, hum dil de chuke sanam and jo jeeta wohi sikandar.
the ministry is also concentrating on the upcoming india festivals in china and south africa, putting together a set of impressive upbeat performances for them.
b'congress needs to understand that there is no underreporting case under the nda government.
it is a case of sin of the congress-led upa government, ravishankarprasad prasad said.
(file photo) congress needs to understand that there is no underreporting case under the nda government.
it is a case of sin of the congress-led upa government, ravishankarprasad prasad said.
(file photo)bjp thursday hit out at congress over its allegation of a rs 45,000 crore telecom scam with law minister ravishankarprasad prasad, who was telecom minister before the reshuffle, calling it utterly bogus saying it related to the period when the upa was in power.
congress needs to understand that there is no underreporting case under the nda government.
it is a case of sin of the congress-led upa government, prasad said, insisting that the government will recover all the dues with penalty from these telecom firms.
the entire allegation of congress party is utterly bogus.
it relates to period of between 2006-10.
according to cag reports some telecom companies underreported their revenues.
the reports came in march, which i am given to understand, is under the examination of the public accounts committee, he said.
watch video: whats making newsprasad said the telecom department had sought details of documents from the cag and received them in june this year.
after due assessment all the dues shall be recovered with penalty.
telecom service providers are obliged to paylicense fee and spectrum usage charges on the revenue earned by them.
any underreported revenue shall be recovered with penalty, he said.
the bjp also attacked the congress calling it was a case of pot calling the kettle black as the underreporting had happened during the upa and alleged that congress spokespersons were putting out lies in their briefings.
such allegations are laughable.
it shows the mental bankruptcy of the congress.
no wrong happened under the nda government and to drag it in a matter that happened under the upa is a case of pot calling the kettle black.
congress should introspect and not behave in an immature, childish way, its national secretary shrikant sharma said, calling the party mother of corruption and misgovernance.
president pranab mukherjee receives first copy of book judicial reforms-recent global trends from pm modi at rashtrapati bhawan.
(source: ani_news/twitter) president pranab mukherjee receives first copy of book judicial reforms-recent global trends from pm modi at rashtrapati bhawan.
(source: ani_news/twitter)prime minister narendra modi on wednesday said efficient governance was needed in order to reduce the burden on judiciary.
speaking at the rashtrapati bhawan on redundant laws, pm modi said, maine vaada kiya tha mai per day ek kanoon khatam karunga, ab tak 1200 kar chuka hoon, (i had promised i would end one law everyday.
i have discarded 1200 of them by now).
the prime minister also presented the first copy of book judicial reforms  recent global trends to president pranab mukherjee at the rashtrapati bhawan.
chief justice of india jagdish singh khehar also elaborated on the aspirational nature of judicial reforms.
addressing the audience, khehar said, while justice is inspirational, judicial reforms are only aspirational.
law minister ravishankarprasad prasad, who was also present at the event, said, legislation must be left to those who are elected to legislate and governance must be left to the realm of those elected to govern.
president pranab mukherjee will also be the first one to to receive a copy of the book on global trends on judicial reform from pm modi.
the cji also shed light on recent judicial appointments.
we made recommendations for appointment of judges to sc and that has come through.
weve also made recommendations for filling up eight vacancies of chief justices of hcs, he said.
khehar also assured that it must be in advanced stage of finalisation.
we have been at it regularly for hours almost everyday trying to finalise memorandum of procedure, expect to finalise it in next two weeks.
i assure you we will try our best for early disposal of cases, the cji said.
saying theres no lack of talent, president mukherjee cautioned that we must have the system in place to utilise the talent expeditiously.
he also said, theres a need to address problems-have adequate court rooms, infrastructure, to utilise modern facility and adequate number of judges.
b'congress president rahul gandhi congress president rahul gandhithe bjp on thursday accused rahul gandhi of doing politics on dead bodies, after the congress chief criticised the government over the killing of 39 indians in iraq.
union minister ravishankarprasad prasad also rejected the congress claim that it had never used the services of cambridge analytica, and insisted that the opposition party and gandhi did do it.
addressing a press conference, prasad said it was the congress which had disrupted proceedings in the lok sabha when external affairs minister sushma swaraj had sought to make a statement on the deaths of these indians.
all i will tell rahul gandhi he should not do politics on dead bodies of indians who lost their lives in very unfortunate circumstances, he told reporters.
his response came after gandhi suggested that the government had invented a story about the congress alleged links with a controversial data firm to divert the media attention from these deaths as it was caught lying on the issue.
prasad insisted that the congress has used the services of cambridge analytica, which has been accused of harvesting peoples data from platforms like facebook unlawfully to influence elections in different countries.
he said several media reports about the opposition party using the services of the firm had appeared in october and november last year and it never denied those stories till the bjp raised the issue yesterday.
prasad alleged that imprints of cambridge analytica were visible in the congress campaign in gujarat.
it ran a poisonous and divisive campaign in the state, he claimed.
the opposition party maintained a conspicuous silence on the role of a dubious company, he said, adding that it prompts him to question whether it has an ability to run this country.
on questions about reports that an indian company, which was cambridge analyticas partner, might have worked for the bjp and its allies as well, prasad insisted that his party never had any ties with the foreign company.
there is no authentic confirmation of any indian partner of the company working for the bjp or its allies, he said.
he, however, sought to make a distinction between cambridge analytica and its partner, saying the former has been accused of using honey trap and data theft.
in a significant decision, the union cabinet on wednesday decided to lift the restriction of one domestic lpg cylinder per month per household.
the cabinet, however, decided to retain the overall cap of 12 subsidised cylinders per year.
the cabinet on wednesday came to a conclusion that this system is causing problem to the people.
sometimes people do not need one, during festive season, (the) demand is more.
so, there was a feeling that if someone has not taken one cylinder (in) a given month, then in remaining months he wont get it, telecom and law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said after the cabinet meeting.
]today, at the cabinet meeting, looking at the benefit of people, that condition has been done away with.
now they will get 12 cylinders at subsidised rate, he added.
currently, the number of lpg cylinders given to a domestic lpg consumer is 12.
along with this, there is a restriction of one lpg cylinder per month.
the government has now decided that while twelve subsidised lpg cylinders per annum will continue to be supplied to all domestic lpg consumers, there will be no separate monthly restriction of one cylinder per month, a government official said.
this changes the earlier decision taken on february 28 and removes the restriction that ordinarily only one cylinder be given to each beneficiary every month, the official said.
the centre hopes to alleviate difficulties faced by the genuine lpg consumers as the consumption of lpg cylinders is never exactly one per month, he added.
b'karti chidambaram at the cbi office in new delhi on tuesday.
express photo by prem nath pandey.
karti chidambaram at the cbi office in new delhi on tuesday.
express photo by prem nath pandey.
karti chidambaram, son of former finance minister p chidambaram, was arrested on wednesday in connection with the probe into the inx media case and remanded to one-day cbi custody by a delhi court.
karti was produced before metropolitan magistrate sumeet anand and the cbi sought his custodial interrogation for 15 days claiming non-cooperation by him in the probe.
the magistrate remanded him to one-day cbi custody and asked the investigative agency to produce karti before the concerned judge tomorrow.
when karti was brought to the patiala house district court premises and was taken to the court room, he told the waiting scribes, it is absolutely a political vendetta.
i will be vindicated.
the cbi, in its remand application filed in court, claimed that sustained interrogation of karti was needed to unearth the total conspiracy hatched in the case and also to find out the details of overseas payments allegedly received by him from inx media as a quid pro quo.
also read: inx media: p chidambarams fear of harassment of his family turns truein its statement to the court, cbi said, thus, karti chidambaram needs to be subjected to sustained interrogation for unearthing the total conspiracy hatched in the case and also to find out the details of overseas payments received by him from inx media as a quid pro quo for influence exercised by him over the public servants to scuttle the punitive action required to be taken against m/s inx media (p) ltd for the illegal acts of receiving excess investment than the approved fdi and also for making of downstream investment without the fipb approval.
for this purpose, his police custody remand for a period of 15 days is considered essential.
right at the beginning, the court allowed the request of karti chidambarams lawyers to have an interaction with the accused inside the court room for 10 minutes, following which the proceedings resumed.
also read: karti chidambaram arrest is vendetta, diversionary tactic: congressat the time of hearing, cbis prosecutor v k sharma told the court that karti has not cooperated in the investigation and he has been repeatedly travelling abroad which confirmed apprehensions that he will flee from the country.
sharma alleged that one of the grounds for arresting karti was that the cbi had recorded statement of indrani mukerjea, former director of inx media (p) ltd, before a magistrate on february 17 in which she had said that karti had accepted one million dollars from inx media at the hyatt hotel here.
this was opposed vehemently by senior advocate a m singhvi who appeared for karti, saying it was a bizzare case and no grounds for arrest were made out.
it is a bizzare case at the threshhold.
it is not a case of arrest, leave aside police custody or judicial custody, singhvi told the court while opposing the cbis remand plea.
also read: inx media case: chronology of eventsearlier in the day, karti was taken into custody by a team of cbi officials at the chennai airport on his return from the united kingdom.
the cbi had lodged an fir on may 15 last year alleging irregularities in the foreign investment promotion board (fipb) clearance to inx media for receiving overseas funds to the tune of rs 305 crore in 2007 when p chidambaram was the union finance minister.
the investigative agency alleged that karti had received funds to the tune of rs 10 lakh in the case.
it had claimed that karti had also received money from inx media to scuttle a tax probe.
the firm was owned at the time by peter and indrani mukerjea, who are currently in jail on charges of allegedly murdering indranis daughter sheena bora.
meanwhile, responding to kartis allegations of political vendetta, union minister ravishankarprasad prasad said theres no interference from the government and the law must take its course.
prasad said that the nature of evidence available against the offender must speak for itself and not the alibi of vendetta.
speaking to reporters, prasad said, the law is taking its course.
the law must take its course.
the cbi will explain all the details.
we do not wish to interfere.
there is no interference of the government, he was quoted by pti as saying.
also read: karti chidambaram arrest: no interference from govt; law must take its course, says ravishankarprasad prasadthe congress today dubbed the arrest of karti chidambaram a diversionary tactic by the government to hide its scams and said vendetta would not deter the party from speaking the truth.
the maharashtra congress slammed the modi government after the arrest, alleging the action was aimed at intimidating and browbeating the opposition.
former maharashtra chief minister prithviraj chavan told pti: the arrest of the son of the senior congress leader, who has been very vocal against the narendra modi government, is a ploy to intimidate and browbeat the opposition and also an attempt to divert the public attention from the huge banking scam.
mumbai congress chief sanjay nirupam also termed karti chidambarams arrest a case of political vendetta by the bjp.
in a statement to the media, nirupam said, kartis arrest is a case of political vendetta by the bjp.
the truth will come out and these dirty tactics will be exposed.
congress spokesperson randeep surjewala said p chidamabaram and his family has no connection with advantage strategic consulting (p) limited.
out of the blue arrest is made today, 11 years after the so-called incident and after due appearance before cbi and submission of all documents.
fir till today does not mention or name karti chidambaram as an accused.
p chidambaram has maintained that neither he nor any of his family member or relations have ever had or have its stake, shareholding or directorship of advantage strategic consulting pvt ltd or inx media pvt ltd at any point of time, he said.
prime minister narendra modi with part president amit shah at bjps national executive meet in bhubaneswar on saturday.
(pti photo) prime minister narendra modi with part president amit shah at bjps national executive meet in bhubaneswar on saturday.
(pti photo)questioning the oppositions criticism of evms, amit shah said it was an insult to the authority of the election commission.
accusing the opposition of not accepting defeat gracefully, he said, it is expected that defeated parties accept their loss with honesty.
but now they are finding excuses.
union minister ravishankarprasad prasad said that shah had pointed out that when the upa won in 2004 and 2009 and when the aap won in delhi, when the bjp was defeated in bihar and when the congress won in punjab, the same evms were used.
the opposition has today no answer to our 325 seats and three-fourth majority, and so they are making evms and other excuses, shah said.
responding to delhi chief minister arvind kejriwals comment that he had ways to hack evms, prasad said, a chief minister, an alumnus of iit, claimed that evms can be tampered in 70 ways.
we didnt expect a cm to claim himself to be a hacker.
lok sabha elections exit poll results 2019 india: as voting in the marathon lok sabha elections 2019 ended on sunday evening, the exit polls, to be released shortly, will predict who is likely to form the next government at the centre.
an exit poll survey attempts to reveal what political party are voters leaning towards.
it is based on a small sample size of voters and the outcome could be different from the official election results.
exit poll results 2019 live updatesadvertisingthe election commission of india (eci) has embargoed the broadcast and publication of exit polls till the time voting ends in the last phase in order to avoid influencing the voters mindset.
also read | what are exit polls and how reliable are their results: all your questions answeredwhen will the exit polls be announced?
following the end of polling, exit polls will be released by several media outlets on all 543 seats of the parliament today after 6 pm.
advertisingalso read | how to watch lok sabha elections exit poll results livewho are the key candidates?
the key candidates in the fray include prime minister narendra modi, congress president rahul gandhi, bjp chief amit shah, rajnath singh, sonia gandhi, pragya thakur, kanaiah kumar, sunny deol, digvijaya singh, shatrughan sinha, ravishankarprasad prasad, shashi tharoor among others.
while the key seats include the varanasi, amethi, waynad, gandhinagar, lucknow among others.
where and how to watch the exit pollsvarious news channels along with other agencies release exit poll results.
some of the channels and agencies are  news24, chanakya exit poll, india today exit poll and c-group exit poll.
how reliable are exit polls?
exit polls have often proved to be unreliable in india.
there have been several instances when they have predicted the verdict of an election incorrectly.
in 2004, the exit polls wrongly predicted bjp-led nda coalition winning again, while in 2009 they underestimated the congress-led upas seat share.
however, exit polls conducted by tv channels in 2014 were mostly accurate as they predicted bjp and its allies would form the government.
union minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
(file photo) union minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
(file photo)the centre is likely to take a major step to ban triple talaq after the ongoing assembly polls, union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad has said and dared samajwadi party, congress and bsp to make their stand clear on the contentious issue.
insisting that the issue is not related to religion but involves respect and dignity of women, he said the government respects faith but worship and social evil cannot co-exist.
watch what else is making newshe said the tradition of triple talaq denies respect for women and the central government is committed to end the evil social practice.
the government may take a major step to ban triple talaq after the up assembly polls, he said while addressing a press conference in ghaziabad last evening.
the assembly polls being held in up and four other states will conclude on march 11.
asserting that every pernicious practice cannot be part of a religion, the minister, who is a lawyer himself, said the centre would raise the issue in the supreme court on three points  justice, equality and dignity of women.
we are the only party which respects women.
neither do other parties offer a good place to women nor do they respect them, said prasad, a senior bjp leader.
the government respects faith but worship and social evil cannot co-exist, he said.
addressing a press conference in lucknow today, the union minister said, i want akhilesh yadav, rahul gandhi and mayawati to clarify their stand on the issue of triple talaq.
our (bjps) stand is very clear.
the issue is not related to religion but involves respect and dignity of women.
attacking bsp, he said it should rise above caste politics and respect women.
referring to the sp-congress coalition in uttar pradesh, he said, this is an alliance of desperation between two dynastic parties alliance of desperation between crime, criminals and corruption.
ridiculing the pre-poll tie-up, he claimed the confluence of ganga and yamuna will end up with one party merging with the other after the polls.
which party will merge with which party will be seen after the polls.
this is nothing but a theatre of the absurd, the bjp leader said.
he also touched upon the salient features of bjps manifesto and the union budget and explained how it would help the poor.
yesterday, while speaking to mediapersons in ghaziabad, prasad had alleged that samajwadi party and congress have entered an alliance as both parties indulge in corruption, crime and loot.
both parties are opportunist and have tied-up with each other just to stop the landslide victory of bjp, he claimed.
not a single big industry was established in uttar pradesh during the tenure of akhilesh yadav-led sp government, the bjp leader alleged, adding the funds sanctioned by the centre for the development of the state has not just due to the feud within the yadav family.
b'ravi shankar prasad has denied bjps links to cambridge analytica.
(file photo) ravishankarprasad prasad has denied bjps links to cambridge analytica.
(file photo)the international storm over cambridge analytica, a facebook associate, which was involved in a breach of user information to allegedly influence polls in the us and the uk, has spilled over into the indian political arena as a war of words between bjp and congress continued for the second day.
even though cambridge analyticas indian partner ovleno business intelligence (obi), owned by amrish tyagi, son of senior jd(u) leader kc tyagi, lists bjp, congress and jd(u) as its clients on its website, all the parties said it did not engage the data firm in elections.
who said what over the cambridge analytica controversy:bjp trying to divert from iraq issue with this: rahul gandhicongress president rahul gandhi said the government had invented a story about the congress alleged links with a controversial data firm to divert the media attention from the killings of indians in iraq as it was caught lying on the issue.
problem: 39 indians dead; govt on the mat, caught lying.
solution: invent story on congress & data theft.
result: media networks bite bait; 39 indians vanish from radar.
problem solved, rahul gandhi tweeted.
problem: 39 indians dead; govt on the mat, caught lying.
solution: invent story on congress & data theft.
result: media networks bite bait; 39 indians vanish from radar.
problem solved.
rahul gandhi (@rahulgandhi) march 22, 2018randeep surjewala slams it ministercongress communications in-charge randeep surjewala hit out at pm modi and union minister ravishankarprasad prasad, saying, hitler had an associate called goebbels, modi ji has an associate called ravishankarprasad prasad.
bjp govt has become a manufacturer of fake news.
sabse bade data chor macha rahe hain sabse zyada shor (the biggest data thieves are making the most noise).
also read: cambridge analytica row live updatesjd(u) leader kc tyagi on sons link and cas role in 2010 bihar pollsjd(u) leader kc tyagi said there was only a work relationship between his son amrishs company and cambridge analytica and there was no financial transaction.
there was only a work relation between my son amrishs company and cambridge analytica, there is no financial transaction or shareholding, everything is open to probe.
jd(u) also has no links with this, neither did they promote us in 2010 polls, tyagi said.
defending party chief nitish kumar, tyagi further said the bihar chief minister never met the ceo.
jd(u) has no relation with cambridge analytics.
neither has its ceo ever met nitish kumar nor me.
jd(u) is a socialist outfit and we stay away from such things, except for prashant kishore helping us during last assembly polls, tyagi added.
how to check which apps have access to your accountrjd leader tejashwi yadav takes a dig at bjpwading into the row, bihar former deputy cm tejashwi yadav said since bjps popularity on facebook was declining, they were challenging its ceo mark zuckerberg.
as bjps popularity is going down on facebook, they are challenging facebooks owner that he can be summoned.
the government should tell us that if they have powers, why cant they summon nirav modi, lalit modi and vijay mallya, yadav asked.
hitting out at jd(u) for denying links with cambridge analytica, yadav said, bjp is in the client list of the company, run by kc tyagis son.
jd(u) general secretarys son is involved and jd(u) is saying that we do not know anything, the rjd leader said.
harsimrat kaur badal alleges rahul gandhi has links to cambridge analyticaunion minister harsimrat kaur badal on thursday hit out at rahul gandhi over his allegation that the government invented a story on data theft by the congress to divert attention from the death of 39 indians in iraq, saying it showed his hollowness.
this shows his (gandhis) hollowness and childishness.
external affairs minister sushma swaraj wanted to make a statement in the lok sabha on the deaths of the 39 indians missing in iraqs mosul, but the congress party (members) created noise, not allowing her to speak, badal said.
the sad member said gandhi was attacking the centre to cover up congress links to cambridge analytica.
this showed how in desperation rahul gandhi joined hands with such companies and to run away from this, such baseless allegations are being made, badal added.
new us president donald trumps buy american-hire american rallying cry has put the usd 150-billion indian it industry on edge, which is in wait-and-watch mode to see how the new administration evolves policies around outsourcing and movement of skilled workers.
(source: ap photo) new us president donald trumps buy american-hire american rallying cry has put the usd 150-billion indian it industry on edge, which is in wait-and-watch mode to see how the new administration evolves policies around outsourcing and movement of skilled workers.
(source: ap photo)new us president donald trumps buy american-hire american rallying cry has put the usd 150-billion indian it industry on edge, which is in wait-and-watch mode to see how the new administration evolves policies around outsourcing and movement of skilled workers.
india hopes to have a meaningful engagement with the us, electronics and it minister ravishankarprasad prasad has said.
watch what else is in the newsgiven that us market accounts for 60 per cent of indias it exports, the industry and the government here will spare no efforts in their outreach programme over the next few weeks to showcase the role of indian technology sector in making the us economy more competitive and highlight its contribution in terms of billions of dollars paid in taxes and creation of local jobs.
indian it companies are in 200 cities across 80 countries.
they have added big value to the us, and given jobs to lakhs of people including american people there.
i am given to understand that they have paid billions of dollars in tax so they have added value to america in terms of money, by way of tax and also employment, prasad told pti in an interview just hours before trump was sworn in as the 45th us president.
stating that india wishes to have a meaningful engagement with the trump government, prasad said: we will await unfolding of his views about indian it companies outreach.
we have already conveyed our views to them and we will continue (to do so).
nasscom president r chandrashekhar said trump has been pro-india and understands business realities being a businessman himself.
the adverse impact on job creation within the us on account of any restriction put has to be weighed very carefully (by the new administration), he cautioned.
communication and outreach will, therefore, be more critical, he said, adding that nasscom is planning a visit to washington in february to meet senior representatives of the us administration and the congress.
trumps america first pledge, which formed the essence of his inaugural speech last friday, has reinforced worries of protectionist posturing and unnerved the indian it industry which, as it is, has been battling headwinds of a slowing growth.
trump has vowed to rebuild the country using american hands and his inaugural was punctuated with lines like buy american and hire american.
we must protect our borders from the ravages of other countries making our products, stealing our companies, and destroying our jobs.
protection will lead to great prosperity and strength, trump said.
trumps hardline stance on protectionism and anti-immigration is no surprise to the indian industry.
while companies have tried putting on a brave face, concerns run deep about tightening of visa norms that will push up the cost of doing business.
earlier this month, a bill targeting h-1b visas was reintroduced in the us congress by two lawmakers who said it will help crack down on the work visa abuse.
any restriction placed by the us on outsourcing or movement of skilled workers will have far-reaching consequences for indian firms like tcs, infosys and wipro.
already, companies have been preparing to mitigate the impact and have ramped up local hiring even if it means eating into their margins.
hoping for a business-friendly administration, infosys chief vishal sikka said trump himself is an entrepreneur and a business leader and therefore, he expects that this will be the case of business and innovation-friendly regime.
in the near term, we do expect there will be changes to the visa and h1-b visa policies.
as policies take effect, we will consider, analyse and understand their impact, he said.
the larger rival, tata consultancy services (tcs), has also said it is proactively addressing these concerns by making changes to its business model.
greyhound research chief analyst and ceo sanchit gogia said better skilled jobs, including coding and maintenance, are likely to remain unaffected, given their scarce availability and exclusivity.
also, its critical to remember that most us-based companies  including many fortune 500s  are deeply invested (and dependent) on indian it service providers and neither they nor the trump administration is in a position to make drastic changes, he pointed out.
b'union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
express photo by prem nath pandey union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
express photo by prem nath pandeythe law ministry is preparing a draft ordinance to overturn a supreme court verdict placing safeguards on arrest of those accused of committing atrocities on scs and sts, sources in the government on tuesday said.
the draft is being prepared in case the government decides to bring one to overturn the supreme court order.
the sources said no decision has been taken so far to bring the ordinance before the union cabinet and much would depend on the way the hearing on a review petition filed by the ministry of social justice and empowerment in the apex court progresses.
they said since review pleas may not bear immediate results and the supreme court decision could not be favourable, the government is keeping the draft handy.
the sources aware of deliberations within the government at different levels said promulgating an ordinance to restore the original provisions would help calm tempers.
introducing a bill in the monsoon session of parliament slated for july to amend the scheduled castes and scheduled tribe (prevention of atrocities) act, 1989 to overturn the sc order is the second option before the government, the sources said.
dalit groups had organised protests across the country on april 2 against the alleged dilution of the act through the march 20 verdict of the supreme court.
the protests had turned violent at several places which left several people dead.
opposition parties also accused the government of failing to protect dalit rights.
prime minister narendra modi on friday asserted his government will not let the law to prevent atrocities on scs and sts to be diluted.
i want to assure the nation that the law which has been made stringent by us will not allowed to be affected (by the sc order), he had said.
the apex court had laid down new guidelines for police officers on how to ensure that innocent people, especially public officials, are protected from false complaints under the act.
b'whistleblower christopher testifies in the uk house of commons on tuesday.
(ap photo/file) whistleblower christopher testifies in the uk house of commons on tuesday.
(ap photo/file)escalating the row over alleged harvesting of facebook profiles to influence elections, a former employee of data analytics firm cambridge analytica turned whistleblower told a british parliamentary panel tuesday that he believed the congress party was a client of the firm, and he was aware that the firm, with many employees and offices, had worked extensively in india.
in his testimony to the british parliaments digital, culture, media and sports committee, christopher wylie, on being asked about cambridge analyticas work in india, said: i believe their client was congress.
but i know that they have done all kinds of projects.
i dont remember a national project, but i know regionally.
i mean india is so big that you know that one state can be, you know, as big as britain.
but they do have offices there, they do have staff there.
i believe i have some documentation on india, which i can also provide to the committee if thats something of interest.
pti adds from london: during his evidence, wylie also said that his predecessor, dan muresan, head of elections at scl group, had also been working in india before he died in kenya under mysterious circumstances.
he claimed to have heard stories that muresan, a romanian national, may have been poisoned in a hotel room while in the african country.
opinion | what cambridge analytica does is the norm, not an aberrationpaul-olivier dehaye, co-founder of personaldata.
io, a service that helps individuals regain control over their personal data, also giving evidence to the committee, added that he had heard reports that muresan was being paid by an indian billionaire who wanted congress to lose elections.
so he was pretending to work for one party but actually paid underhand by someone else, said dehaye.
he added that it would be for indian and kenyan journalists to get together to investigate the matter further.
)read: cambridge analytica controversy rocks indian politics: who said whatwylies remarks had the bjp and the government attacking the congress.
union minister ravishankarprasad prasad said the congress had lied and must apologise.
the whistleblower has publicly confirmed that the congress was indeed their client.
rahul gandhi had been trying to divert attention.
today, he stands exposed.
the congress and rahul gandhi must apologise to the nation, prasad told reporters.
last week too, prasad had accused the congress of using cambridge analytica, why is the congress in love with such firms?
whether to win elections, congress will depend on data manipulation and theft of data?
what is the role of cambridge analytica in the social media profile of rahul gandhi, he had asked.
but divya spandana, who heads social media and digital communications for the congress, called wylies statement an absolute lie.
express explained: how data can be used to acquire votersshe said the congress had never engaged cambridge analytica, neither for the 2014 general elections, nor for the upcoming 2019 elections.
she said she had spoken to rahul gandhi, and the congress had never used the data analytics firm.
she said congress is not even engaging them for 2019 because the proposal would have come to me.
and it hasnt.
she also said that gandhi had never met or engaged with anyone from cambridge analytica.
the party has neither reached out to the firm nor signed any contract.
it is possible that they could have sent proposal, spandana said.
congress communications in-charge randeep singh surjewala, tweeting on the claim that an indian billionaire may have hired cambridge analytica to work against congress, sought to know who had conspired against the congress.
it was obvious, he said, that it was the bjps doing.
read | data breach: bjp, congress, jd(u) on client list of parent firms india partnercambridge analyticas parent company, strategic communication laboratories, has an indian partner named ovleno business intelligence (obi).
on its website, the obi counted bjp, congress and janata dal (united) among its clients  it was taken down last week.
incidentally, obi is owned by amrish tyagi, son of senior jd(u) leader k c tyagi.
amrish is a director in ghaziabad-based strategic communication laboratories private limited, which also has alexander nix as its director.
nix was chief executive of cambridge analytica whose executives were secretly recorded by undercover journalists of channel 4 news, bragging about their election-influencing methods, including bribery and honey traps, against their clients opponents.
india was one of the countries that had been named.
b'bjp president amit shah in mumbai, friday.
(prashant nadkar) bjp president amit shah in mumbai, friday.
(prashant nadkar)stepping up his attack on opposition parties, bjp president amit shah on friday compared them to snakes and mongoose, cats and dogs, all traditional rivals now forced to come together on a tree to escape the flood of prime minister narendra modi in the 2019 lok sabha elections.
later, shah sought to explain his remarks by saying that he had referred to parties such as sp-bsp and congress-tmc, which are ideologically on opposite sides but forced to come together to counter modijis influence.
the remarks drew a furious reaction from the congress with senior leader anand sharma describing it as shameful and condemnable and reflective of the bjps mindset.
read | amit shahs animal remarks on opposition speak of his mindset, shameful: congressaddressing a rally in mumbai to mark the bjps 38th foundation day, shah said, 2019 ke karyakram ki shuruvat ho gayi hain.
sara vipaksh avahan karta hai ikattha aao.
maine ek varta suni thi.
jab bahut badi baath aati hai, toh saare pedh-paudhe pani mein beh jaate hain.
ek vatvruksha akele bach jata hai.
toh saanp bhi uss vruksh par chad jata hain, nevla bhi chad jata hain, billi bhi chad jati hain, kutta bhi chad jata hain, cheetah bhi chad jata hai, sher bhi chad jata hai.
kyunki neeche paani ka dar hai, isiliye sab ek hi vruksh par ikattha hote hain.
yeh modiji ki jo baadh aayi hai, iske dar se saanp, nevla, kutti, kutta, billi, sab ikattha hokar chunav ladne ka kaam kar rahe hain.
(the programme for 2019 has begun.
the entire opposition is giving a call for unity.
i had heard a story.
when there is a big flood, all the shrubs and trees drown in the water.
only the banyan tree survives.
so the snake climbs on that tree, the mongoose also climbs, the cat also climbs, the dog also climbs, the lion also climbs.
because there is the fear of water below, all of them gather on that one tree.
fearing the modi flood that has come, snake, mongoose, bitch, dog, cat, all of them have come together to fight the elections.
)however, speaking to reporters later, shah said, maine saanp aur nevala ka udaharan isliye diya kyunki ye hamesha virodh mein rehnewale prani hain.
aur woh aam taur par ikattha nahin aate.
modiji ke prabhav se woh ikattha aaye hain.
phir bhi unko bura laga toh mein unka naam leta hun.
sapa-basapa, congress-trinamool.
ideologically virodh mein hain aur ikattha hue hain.
tdp-congress.
(i gave the example of snake and mongoose because they are animals who are always rivals.
and generally, they do not come together.
modijis influence has brought them together.
even then, if they felt bad, i take their names.
sp-bsp, congress-trinamool.
ideologically different and yet they came together.
tdp-congress.
)also read | bjp a party of all indians, for whole india: ravishankarprasad prasadthe remarks were made against the background of the bsp supporting sp to win two seats in the up bypolls last month.
shah was also referring to the congress taking the lead in getting its ideological rivals to join hands and take on the bjp in 2019.
pointing to the congresss rout in the up bypolls, shah took a dig at the partys new president.
probably, rahul gandhi must be the first leader who is distributing sweets even after his party lost its deposit in the two bypolls, he said.
referring to the recent meeting between gandhi and the ncp chief, shah said, ncp president sharad pawar has given him an injection, and rahul baba is jumping up and down.
he has the audacity to ask modi what the government has done in the last four-and-a-half years.
but the congress chief, claimed shah, is unmindful of the questions people are asking his party for its misgovernance over six decades.
calling on bjp workers to take pride in their partys electoral success, shah said, there is no reason to go on the defensive when we have pulled off brilliant victories in haryana, jharkhand, assam, uttarakhand, uttar pradesh, goa, tripura, nagaland, j&k, manipur across the country, the bjp is leading in as many as 21 states.
and at the centre, it has the mandate of 330 seats along with its alliance partners.
union minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
(file photo) union minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
(file photo)the bjp on tuesday dubbed rahul gandhis speech in bahrain as irresponsible, alleging that the congress president was spreading hatred among indians with his statements abroad like he did in the country.
union minister ravishankarprasad prasad contrasted the congress chiefs address on monday night with that of prime minister narendra modi to 270 indian-origin (pio) parliamentarians in which he focused on boosting ties between india and other countries.
the nation is watching who is working to break it.
it is the congress which has spread hatred in the country for the longest period, he told reporters while using congress association with gujarat mla jignesh mewani to attack gandhi.
he said jignesh, a dalit leader supported by the congress in the gujarat assembly polls, had joined hands with umar khalid, accused of raising anti-india slogans in the jnu, and said gandhi has strengthened mewani and his allies.
on monday, gandhi accused the government of dividing people on the basis of caste and religion, alleging it was converting the anger of jobless youth into hatred among communities.
prasad questioned gandhis remarks and said they had expected that he would not harp on political differences and spread hatred in a foreign country as he did in india.
the bjp strongly condemns rahul gandhis irresponsible utterances.
he is spreading hatred among people, he said.
hitting back at the congress leader, the law minister wondered if the congress stand on the triple talaq bill worked to spread love or hate in the society.
he accused the congress of failing to take a stand on an issue of womans respect and justice.
gandhis father and the then prime minister rajiv gandhi had committed a sin by passing a law under pressure from muslim bodies to negate a supreme court order to provide alimony to shah bano after her husband divorced her, he said.
the same muslim body is now opposing the triple talaq bill, prasad said, claiming that the congress decision to stall it in rajya sabha was a case of double standards influenced by vote bank politics.
citing mudra loans given to tens of millions of people, rise in road construction works and opening of call centres in tier two cities, prasad said this has led to creation of employment as he refuted gandhis charge that the government had not created enough jobs.
aimim chief asaddudin owaisi (file photo).
aimim chief asaddudin owaisi (file photo).
aimim chief and lok sabha mp from hyderabad asaduddin owaisi on saturday hit back at union minister for information technology and law ravishankarprasad prasad for his comments that the bjp has given muslims sanctity despite not receiving votes from the community.
we (bjp) gave them sanctity?
who are we?
it is the constitution that has given rights, our rights are protected under that, owaisi was quoted as saying by ani.
criticism to prasads comments also came from the opposition congress.
senior congress leader and former union minister salman khurshid said: i see no reason why someone should feel that a particular segment of society is unable to vote for them.
we should see who does not vote for us & find why and see if it can be addressed.
dont know from where has sanctity come in.
prasad was speaking at the mindmine summit organised by the hero group.
in an interaction, prasad was asked how would the government ensure that its tent was big enough to accommodate indias multi-cultural society.
we salute the diversity of india.
there are two ways of looking at it and let me be very frank today.
there has been a campaign against us for a long time.
but today we are here because of the blessings of the people of india.
we are ruling 15 states on our own.
we have got 13 chief ministers.
we are ruling the country.
have we victimised any muslim gentleman working in industry or in service?
have we dismissed them?
we dont get muslim votes, i acknowledge very clearly.
but have we given them proper sanctity or not?
he said.
read: ravishankarprasad prasad: we dont get muslim votes but have we given them sanctity or not?
to prove his point, the minister cited the case of padma shri recipient anwar-ul-haq, a jalpaiguri tea garden labourer who ferries sick people on his bike to hospitals.
through this example i would like everyone to know how we govern india.
pm was very cagey about padma awards.
your friends in lutyens delhi were the biggest beneficiaries of that.
he decides i have to change it.
there is this man named anwar-ul-haq.
he is a majdoor in a tea garden in jalpaiguri.
his mother passed away because he could not get her medical aide.
now he has made his motorcycle an ambulance.
he has saved 2000 lives.
one day pmo rang him up and told him that the pm will speak to you.
and pm said i am going to give you padma shree.
you are really doing a great job.
we never saw the religion of anwar-ul-haq or whether he has voted for us or not.
and if there are certain uncalled for, irresponsible voices, the prime minister expresses a concern.
the cms express concern.
yogi (adityanath) is a popular leader.
you are seeing his instances of good governance and inclusive development.
b'prime minister narendra modi speaking at an event in new delhi.
pti photo / pib (pti8_2_2016_000117a) prime minister narendra modi speaking at an event in new delhi.
pti photo / pib (pti8_2_2016_000117a)terming mygov as the biggest platform of digital india, it minister ravishankarprasad prasad on saturday said the user base of the governments citizen engagement platform should touch at least 10-15 crore, given that the country has 103 crore mobile phone users.
the country is changing.
digital democracy is the essence of india and digital india is the destiny of india.
mygov is the biggest platform of digital india, prasad said at the inaugural session of mygovs two-year anniversary celebration.
he added that at present, 35 lakh people are connected to the mygov platform and that the site has logged constructive suggestions on a variety of subjects, including smart cities, union budget, net neutrality, new education policy amongst others.
where there are 103 crore mobiles, i expect 10-15 crore people should be connected to mygov.
suggestions on how to improve the future (of the country) should come from the citizens our government is attempting to connect with people in a new way (using technology), the minister said.
prasad said mygov platform should also include path-breaking achievements of the common man in the times ahead.
read more: modis mygov.
in initiative: heres how you can be a part of pms townhalli would like mygov to become a platform to showcase achievements of those common people who dont get space on tv etc you can change india by using technology, that is the essence of mygov, he said.
prasad said suggestions that come on mygov, even if they are tinged with criticism, should be taken positively.
the event will culminate with prime minister narendra modi conducting his first-ever townhall in the evening.
a new pmo app that will enable mobile users to connect with the prime ministers portal will also be launched at the event.
b'j chelameswar at the residence of justice j chelameshwar addressing the media on friday, january 12, 2018.
(express photo by abhinav saha) j chelameswar at the residence of justice j chelameshwar addressing the media on friday, january 12, 2018.
(express photo by abhinav saha)the concerns expressed over the supreme courts functioning by four of its most senior judges would come true if the unprecedented press conference they addressed three months ago came in the way of one of them, justice ranjan gogoi, becoming the next chief justice of india, according to justice j chelameswar.
in conversation with journalist karan thapar on role of judiciary in a democracy at an event organised by the harvard club of india, justice chelameswar said, i hope it will not happen.
if, if, if, i repeat, if it happens, it will only prove whatever we said at the press conference is true.
stormy scenes in supreme court over college bribe case: internal matters should be sorted out in collegiumon january 12, justice chelameswar and three of his colleagues  justices gogoi, madan b lokur and kurian joseph  had released a letter at the press conference in which they raised questions on the courts functioning, particularly the allocation of cases by chief justice of india dipak misra.
justice chelameswar is scheduled to retire in june and justice gogoi is next in line, in terms of seniority, to take over from cji misra later this year.
thapar had asked justice chelameswar if he was apprehensive that justice gogoi, who was one of the authors of the letter addressed to cji misra, might not be elevated to cji when justice misra retires.
at first, the judge said, im not an astrologer.
thapar then asked if he was worried that what had happened in the past  judges being superseded  would happen to justice gogoi.
responding to a question on the cjis role as master of the roster, justice chelameswar said, undoubtedly, the cji would have the power to constitute the benches.
but under the constitutional system, every power is coupled with certain responsibilities.
the power is required to be exercised not really because the power exists, but for the purpose of achieving some public good.
dont exercise the power merely because you have it, supreme court has been repeatedly saying in every case wherever such question arose that every power is trust.
it has be exercised for benefit of the body politic.
asked if he was saying that this had been happening, he answered in the affirmative.
(express photo by anil sharma) asked if he was saying that this had been happening, he answered in the affirmative.
(express photo by anil sharma)justice chelameswar also spoke about the controversy over the order given by a two-judge bench headed by him, which directed a petition seeking a probe into the arrest of former orissa high court judge i m quddussi be placed before the five most senior judges on the judicial side.
the order was subsequently annulled by a constitution bench set up on the cjis order.
im still struggling with the question, what was it that required a reversal of the order passed by me and another i didnt pick up that case.
since the matter was presented to me when mentioning was officially required to be made before the second court, it was mentioned a former hc judge was arrested and released on bail.
papers presented before us showed that the man was trying to pollute the streams of justice.
i thought its too serious a matter for the nation and the institution and required hearing by the constitution bench.
to a specific follow-up query, he said, i did believe i was acting within my powers, and added that he was not transgressing the cjis powers.
justice chelameswar repeated the charge raised by him and the three colleagues in their letter to the cji about chief justices allocating cases to preferred benches.
he said, there have always been (such) instances.
asked if he was saying that this had been happening, he answered in the affirmative.
to a query if the case against late tamil nadu chief minister j jayalalithaa was one of preferential allotment, he said, yes.
asked about allegations of selective allotment, he said the question is: as an intuition, are we able to sustain the faith of the general people of this country?
would this kind of allocation be good for the institution?
he said such doubts will undermine peoples faith in the institution and hurt democracy.
justice must not only be served, but also must appear to have been served if the process is not transparent, it can lead to suspicions and suspicions are always dangerous to institutions, he said.
justice chelameswar was also asked to speak about his recent letter to the cji taking exception to the central government writing to the karnataka high court chief justice seeking an inquiry into allegations against a judge whose name was cleared twice by the supreme court collegium for appointment as high court judge.
necessarily, i believe the recommendation should be to supreme court, not the high court chief justice, as the supreme court had cleared it twice.
therefore, i thought it was not constitutionally proper for the government.
and unfortunately, the chief justice of karnataka high court chose to act on it, he said.
justice chelameswar said he had no fears over the governments delay in taking a decision on the collegiums decision to elevate uttarakhand chief justice k m joseph and advocate indu malhotra to the apex court.
as of now, i dont share any fear so far they (government) have not said anything.
asked if the delay worried him, he said, worry is not the right word.
at least, im concerned, im sure the court is concerned.
in an apparent reference to reports of attempts being made to impeach cji misra, thapar asked justice chelameswar: do we have sufficient grounds for seeking the impeachment of the cji?
the judge replied: somebody was saying i should be impeached.
i dont know why this nation is worried about impeachment, obsessed about it.
in fact, we wrote in the (justice) karnan judgement, me and (justice) gogoi, that there should be something apart from this to put the system in order.
impeachment cant be the answer to every question.
he added that the need was to set up a proper system whereby these problems will not arise.
asked why the four senior judges took up with the cji the direction of a two-judge bench of the apex court regarding the memorandum of procedure (mop), justice chelameswar said, under the njac (national judicial appointments commission) judgment, the mop is required to be finalised by government in consultation with collegium if matter is dealt with on the judicial side by a division bench, then the collegium will be bound by judicial orders if the two-judge bench passes some order, it will become difficult for both the government as well as the collegium to handle the matter as they will be bound by that order and that will not be consistent with the directions issued in njac matter.
thats what four of us believe.
on differences between the government and collegium over the formers suggestion that the mop should have a provision to reject a candidate who is being considered for appointment as a judge on ground of national security, he said, personally, i dont think this is such an insurmountable difficulty.
he added, if the government thinks the elevation of any judge would pose a threat to national security, all that the government has to do is to give the basis on which it came to that conclusion.
i dont think any collegium would be unreasonable to reject the governments opinion if it is supported by material.
justice chelameswar backed union law minister ravishankarprasad prasads suggestion that there should be an audit of the collegium system.
in any kind of democracy, periodic audit is always necessary to whether we are progressing on the right lines or not, he said.
he also asserted that after retirement, i will not seek any appointment under any government.
indias cyber security unit cert-in earlier said it has not received any formal report of cyber attack on indias vital networks.
(source: ap) indias cyber security unit cert-in earlier said it has not received any formal report of cyber attack on indias vital networks.
(source: ap)the government on monday said there was no serious impact in the country due to a global ransomware cyber attack, except for a few isolated incidents in kerala and andhra pradesh.
it minister ravishankarprasad prasad said the systems run by the national informatics centre were secured and running smoothly.
there is no major impact in india unlike other countries.
we are keeping a close watch.
as per the information received so far, there have been isolated incidents in limited areas in kerala and andhra pradesh, prasad told reporters at new delhi.
india is on high alert, monitoring critical networks across sectors like banking, telecom, power and aviation to ensure that systems are protected in the wake of reports of possible cyber attack by ransomware wannacry on the countrys vital networks.
wannacry has disrupted networks in over 150 countries, including russia and the uk, and is being termed as one of the most widespread cyber attacks in the history.
reports suggest that over two lakh systems globally could have been infected by the malicious software.
indias cyber security unit cert-in earlier said it has not received any formal report of cyber attack on indias vital networks.
everything seems to be normal, so far.
no reports have come to cert-in.
we have been in touch with microsoft and otherseven they have not got any reports, indian computer emergency response team (cert-in) director general sanjay bahl told pti.
ransomware is a malicious software that blocks access to data unless a ransom is paid.
b'digvijay singh digvijay singhon saturday, when congress general secretary digvijaya singh appeared before a bhopal court in connection with an alleged recruitment scam during his tenure as the madhya pradesh chief minister between 1993 and 2003, he had decided not to approach the high court for bail.
while his lawyers tried to persuade him, singh told them he would go to jail.
that was averted, however, as the court, which had issued a non-bailable arrest warrant against him on friday, granted bail on its own.
but had that not happened, singh would have spent his birthday, february 28, in jail.
his lawyer, senior advocate vivek tankha, ensured he got to celebrate the occasion with his family.
fbs bengal cornerit is supposed to be unrelated to the impending assembly elections in west bengal, but questions are bound to be raised, as facebook organises a unique essay competition, bengal write ahead, which got under way on saturday.
the foundation was apparently laid during trinamool congress mp derek obriens meeting with facebook ceo mark zuckerberg.
as part of the competition, 500-word write-ups can be submitted in bengali and english, 10 of which will be awarded rs 10,000 and 50 published in a compendium brought out by rupa publications.
touching gestureunion parliamentary affairs minister m venkaiah naidu recently held a public reception for the newly married son and daughter-in-law of parliamentary affairs secretary afzal amanullah.
naidu could not attend the wedding in kolkata, and invited around 60 people for the reception held at his residence.
among the invitees were his ministerial colleagues rajnath singh, arun jaitley, ravishankarprasad prasad and najma heptulla.
naidu even made the couple garland each other with a garland made of cardamoms.
amanullah was touched by the gesture, and officials say no cabinet minister has ever done something like this for an officer.
in the darkrailways minister suresh prabhus rail budget has taken even many bureaucrats in rail bhawan by surprise.
a day after the budget, officials were seen either asking around and wondering about the various new budget initiatives related to their directorates.
turns out that the officials, who will ultimately implement some of the initiatives, had a sense of disconnect  many said they had no clue about them, and are at a loss.
they are now awaiting instructions on how to go about implementing them.
rjd chief lalu prasad yadav.
(file photo) rjd chief lalu prasad yadav.
(file photo)hitting out at the bjp for levelling baseless corruption allegations against him, rjd supremo and former bihar chief minister lalu prasad yadav on tuesday said he will fight the fascist forces, as reported by pti.
this comes days after he and his children, tejashwi yadav, tej pratap yadav and misa bharti, were accused by the bjp of being involved in corrupt land deals.
i am not scared of empty threats, lalu tweeted.
bjp                              lalu prasad yadav (@laluprasadrjd) may 16, 2017 - ,     22    bjp       ( )      lalu prasad yadav (@laluprasadrjd) may 16, 2017meanwhile, earlier today, the income tax department conducted raids in 22 locations across delhi, gurgaon and rewari in connection with alleged benami land deals.
a team of nearly 100 officials were sent to search the premises of businessmen and real estate agents in connection with the deals.
rjd mp p c guptas sons house was also raided.
people and businessmen connected to the land deal involving lalu prasad and his family are being searched.
there are allegations of benami deals worth about rs 1,000 crore and subsequent tax evasion, a senior official had said.
read: lalu prasad under i-t scanner; raids conducted at 22 locations in delhi ncrin a press conference last week, senior bjp leader ravishankarprasad prasad made corruption allegations against lalu and his family members.
he had urged the centre to initiate a cbi probe into alleged corrupt land deals.
he alleged that misa, a rajya sabha mp, had not disclosed these land assets in her election affidavit.
in response to prasads allegations, bihar chief minister nitish kumar hit back at the saffron party, saying it should substantiate its allegations with proof.
this is not an issue that falls in the domain of the state government nor in the company law of bihar.
if the bjp has documents, then it should take legal recourse to prove their accusations, nitish had said.
rjd and nitishs jd(u) form the coalition government in bihar.
tejashwi yadav and tej pratap yadav are ministers in the government.
ravi shankar prasad ravishankarprasad prasadthe union cabinet, after its expansion on tuesday, took a series of decisions including renaming of high courts in kolkata, bombay and chennai, and approving short-term loans to be given to farmers.
addressing a press conference after the cabinet expansion, telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad said,from now on calcutta high court will be known as kolkata hc, bombay hc as mumbai hc and madras hc as chennai hc.
the cabinet also gave in-principle approval for setting up a major port at enayam near colachel in tamilnadu.
it also approved long-term contract with mozambique for import of pulses either via pvt channels or govt-to-govt sales via state agencies.
earlier in the day, nineteen new ministers were included in the council of ministers.
ahead of the first session of the 17th lok sabha, a group of key ministers in the newly sworn in government met on friday to discuss prime minister narendra modis agenda for governance in his second term, sources said.
advertisingthe committee met at the residence of defence minister rajnath singh, who chairs the cabinet committee on parliamentary affairs.
home minister amit shah was among the ministers who attended the meeting.
the senior ministers discussed the pms agenda for governance as well as the governments agenda in the upcoming parliament session, said a source.
the meeting was held a day after the government made late-evening changes in the cabinet sub-committees to include singh in key committees of the union cabinet  parliamentary affairs, political affairs, investment and growth, and employment & skill development.
advertisinga decision on the pro-tem speaker, who will administer oath to new members, election of speaker on june 19, and presentation of the union budget on july 5 are some of the important issues the committee is believed to have discussed.
the session will be held from june 17 till july 26.
the meeting was also attended by union ministers narendra singh tomar, ravishankarprasad prasad, mukhtar abbas naqvi, dharmendra pradhan and pralhad joshiearlier in the day, joshi, the parliamentary affairs minister, met congress parliamentary party chief sonia gandhi seeking her partys cooperation for smooth functioning of the parliament session.
joshis visit to sonias residence is part of the governments exercise to reach out to the opposition.
the meeting lasted around 15 minutes, sources said.
joshi also met leader of the opposition in the rajya sabha ghulam nabi azad and dmks leader of house in the lok sabha t r baalu.
besides presentation of the budget, the government is planning to convert into law 10 ordinances, including the one to ban the practice of instant triple talaq.
the ordinances were issued in february-march this year by the previous government.
but the bills which sought to convert them into law could not be passed by parliament.
b'i want to tell the nation that if democracy is alive in the country, it is because of parliament, the senior congress leader said, adding that the opposition has a right to raise such issues in parliament to discharge its duties.
(file photo) i want to tell the nation that if democracy is alive in the country, it is because of parliament, the senior congress leader said, adding that the opposition has a right to raise such issues in parliament to discharge its duties.
(file photo)virtually justifying the ongoing protests in parliament, leader of the opposition ghulam nabi azad on wednesday said it would be unfair to blame the opposition for forcefully raising peoples issues in the house.
as the rajya sabha bade farewell to about 60 of its retiring members, azad chose the moment to justify the protests on issues like the banking scam, the cauvery dispute or the demand for special status to andhra pradesh, which have disrupted the proceedings for over the past three weeks.
asserting that democracy is alive due to parliament, he said our protests were never against the chair or against some particular people.
they werent politically motivated.
it was not against the colleagues, while asserting that major issues critically affecting the people were being raised.
i want to tell the nation that if democracy is alive in the country, it is because of parliament, the senior congress leader said, adding that the opposition has a right to raise such issues in parliament to discharge its duties.
these may not appear good on tv, but the mps raising voice against either on the banking scam, or the cauvery dispute or for the special status to andhra pradesh was part of discharging their duties towards the nation and by doing so, the members had no self interest or ulterior motives, he asserted.
he said that some media houses portrayed the recent opposition protests as a protest against against the chairman, saying this was not so.
maintaining that it was unfair to accuse the opposition mps of fighting and disrupting parliament, azad said the doors of these members remained open 24 hours for the people of their constitutencies, who have faith in them unlike on senior officials who can only meet people during office hours and that too, only through appointments.
he said the members are sent to parliament to represent the needs of the people and raise their voice there.
the parliamentarians look after the needs of poor people, farmers, workers, women and others and fighting on their behalf and it is not that mps would stand benefited due to raising voice, azad astressed.
without mentioning the bjp, he said that even the ruling party had protested in such a manner when it was in the opposition and roles in politics often got reversed.
azad rose to speak after the speech by prime minister narendra modi in which he had indirectly referred to the disruptions in the house.
naresh agarwal, who recently quit the sp and joined bjp, got a special mention from azad who took a jibe at him.
he said naresh agarwal ji ek aise suraj hain, jo idhar doobe, udhar nikle.
idhar nikle, udhar doobe.
(naresh agarwal is like the sun who sets from one end and rises from another).
azad said he was confident that the party he has just joined (bjp) will use his full potential and added that he would miss agarwal for a number of reasons, including that he used to speak 5-6 times a day and unlike other mps.
the leader of opposition also mentioned the contributions made by deputy chairman p j kurien and veteran congress leader k rahman khan among others.
he also congratulated arun jaitley, ravishankarprasad prasad, dharmendra pradhan and jp nadda on their re-election to the upper house.
while bidding farewell to retiring mps, azad also said that the central hall of parliament was full of former mps and he will look forward to seeing many of his retiring colleagues there.
b'the issue of fuel price hike rocked parliament today with opposition members in the lok sabha and the rajya sabha disrupting proceedings,demanding an immediate roll back.
several parties protested against the price hike with sp,left,trinamool congress and aiadmk storming the well of the lok sabha,while bjp members were on their feet.
in the rajya sabha,the entire nda  bjp,jd-u,sad and shiv sena  protested as also the left parties along with agp and bsp.
sp members were in the aisle raising slogans.
roll back price hike in petrol, the opposition members chanted in both the houses.
while the lok sabha witnessed two adjournments,the rajya sabha saw three.
ravi shankar prasad (bjp) accused the government of insulting parliament by announcing the decision of petrol hike outside when the house was in session.
this is insult to your dignity.
this relates to the dignity of parliament.
can you take parliament so lightly?
prasad asked in the upper house pointing towards the chair and the treasury benches.
supporting the bjp member,naresh agarwal (sp) raised a point of order saying it has been an established practice that if the government has to make any policy announcement it has to be in parliament when the session is on.
the chair has given ruling many a time that a minister should not make any announcement outside parliament when the session is on.
this is an insult of the house.
the government announced outside parliament that petrol prices have been raised.
, he said.
the members were not satisfied with the response of minister of state for parliamentary affairs rajiv shukla that there was no violation of the parliamentary tradition as the hike is being done by petroleum companies since the prices are de-regulated.
in the lok sabha,speaker meira kumar ordered the tabling of papers listed for the day in the din before adjourning the house till 2 pm.
similar was the story in the upper house.
prime minister narendra modi (pti photo/manvender vashist) prime minister narendra modi (pti photo/manvender vashist)finance minister arun jaitley was give the additional charge of defence ministry after manohar parrikar quit the portfolio to become the chief minister of goa.
parrikars stint as defence minister saw a number of terror attacks including those uri and pathankot.
however, it was during parrikars tenure that the army successfully conducted surgical strikes across the loc in retaliation of various ceasefire violations and militant attacks in kashmir.
here is the portfolio of the union council of ministers:prime minister narendra modi: personnel, public grievances & pensions department of atomic energy department of spacecabinet ministers rajnath singh: home affairs sushma swaraj: external affairs arun jaitley: finance corporate affairs, defence m venkaiah naidu: urban development housing & urban poverty alleviation |information & broadcasting nitin jairam gadkari: road transport and highways shipping suresh prabhu: railways d. v. sadananda gowda: statistics & programme implementation uma bharati: water resources, river development & ganga rejuvenation shri ramvilas paswan: consumer affairs, food & public distribution kalraj mishra: micro, small & medium enterprises maneka sanjay gandhi: women & child development ananth kumar: chemicals & fertilizers | parliamentary affairs ravishankarprasad prasad: law & justice | electronics & information technology jagat prakash nadda: health & family welfare ashok gajapathi raju pusapati: civil aviationanant geete: heavy industries & public enterprises harsimrat kaur badal: food processing industries narendra singh tomar: rural development | panchayati raj | drinking water & sanitation chaudhary birender singh: steel jual oram: tribal affairs radha mohan singh: agriculture & farmers welfare thaawar chand gehlot: social justice and empowerment smriti zubin irani: textiles dr. harsh vardhan: science & technology | earth sciences prakash javadekar: human resource developmentministers of state (independent charge) rao inderjit singh: planning (independent charge) | urban development housing & urban poverty alleviation bandaru dattatreya: labour & employment (independent charge) rajiv pratap rudy: skill development & entrepreneurship (independent charge) vijay goel: youth affairs and sports (independent charge) | water resources, river development & ganga rejuvenation shripad yesso naik: aayush (independent charge) dharmendra pradhan: petroleum and natural gas (independent charge) piyush goyal: power (independent charge) coal (independent charge) new and renewable energy (independent charge) mines (independent charge) jitendra singh: development of north eastern region (independent charge) prime ministers office personnel, public grievances & pensions department of atomic energy department of space nirmala sitharaman: commerce and industry (independent charge) mahesh sharma: culture (independent charge) tourism (independent charge) manoj sinha: communications (independent charge) railways anil madhav dave: environment, forest and climate change (independent charge) mukhtar abbas naqvi: minority affairs (independent charge) | parliamentary affairsministers of state general v. k. singh: external affairs santosh kumar gangwar: finance faggan singh kulaste: health & family welfare ss ahluwalia: agriculture & farmers welfare | parliamentary affairs ramdas athawale: social justice & empowerment ram kripal yadav: rural development haribhai parthibhai chaudhary: micro, small & medium enterprises giriraj singh: micro, small & medium enterprises hansraj gangaram ahir: home affairs ramesh chandappa jigajinagi: drinking water & sanitation rajen gohain: railways parshottam rupala: agriculture & farmers welfare | panchayati raj mj akbar: external affairs upendra kushwaha: human resources development radhakrishnan p: road transport & highways | shipping kiren rijiju: home affairs krishan pal: social justice & empowerment jasvantsinh sumanbhai bhabhor: tribal affairs sanjeev kumar balyan: water resources, river development & ganga rejuvenation vishnu deo sai: steel sudarshan bhagat: agriculture and farmers welfare y s chowdary: science & technology | earth science jayant sinha: civil aviation col.
b'bjp today hit out at congress president sonia gandhi for defending prime minister manmohan singh on the coal blocks issue and demanded that the original cbi affidavit on the status report and emails reportedly sent to the agency by the pmo be made public.
hours after gandhi dismissed oppositions demand for singhs resignation,leader of opposition in rajya sabha arun jaitley said he was not surprised by her response.
he said gandhi may see singhs alleged role in the coal allocation case as a virtue but bjp feels this is nothing less than a scam.
jaitley sought to know what was the need for the law minister to call the cbi director,law officers and others to see the report and make changes in it.
deputy leader of bjp in the upper house ravishankarprasad prasad found the government contention that law minister ashwani kumar was only making grammatical corrections as surprising.
this is the first time that the cbi needed tutorship of the law minister.
bjp demands that the original affidavit of the status report and the report after grammatical corrections were made by the law minister as a tutor be made public.
these should also be submitted to the supreme court, prasad said.
jaitley maintained that what changes were made in the report is immaterial but this definitely shows government interference in the cbis functioning.
he demanded that the emails exchanged by the cbi and the pmo in regard to the coal scam issue be made public.
he maintained that the government will have to concede that emails were exchanged as technology will prove there was interference.
the prime minister should also introspect where he is leading the country, jaitley said.
after having fiercely opposed the bjp governments move to scrap special status of jammu and kashmir in the rajya sabha, the main opposition congress saw its efforts against the bill in the lok sabha falling flat as its leader adhir ranjan chowdhury made remarks that were not in sync with the partys official stand on the bill.
advertisingyou say it is an internal matter.
but it is being monitored since 1948 by the un.
is that an internal matter?
we signed shimla agreement and lahore declaration.
was that an internal matter or bilateral?
asked chowdhury, stunning his party mps and even the bjp benches.
read | jammu and kashmir loses special status, to become a union territory: a timelineyou must clarify whether it is the congress party stand that kashmir can be monitored by the un, home minister amit shah said.
advertisingwhen chowdhury repeated the question seeking clarification, union minister ravishankarprasad prasad was heard asking what are you saying?
congress leaders, including sonia gandhi, were visibly upset over chowdhurys intervention.
manish tewari, who initiated the debate from the opposition, tried to salvage the situation by slamming the government for not taking the consent of the state assembly.
citing article 3 of the constitution that deals with formation of a new state, tewari said, before forming the state, changing the boundaries, you will have to take consensus of the local government.
explained: this is what has changed in jammu and kashmirthis is travesty of the constitution, tewari said.
this is not in the spirit of parliament.
he asked the government to clarify on the fate of the constitution of jammu and kashmir.
he also said it was due to jawaharlal nehru that jammu and kashmir, junagadh and hyderabad became a part of india, to which bjp had raised objections.
read | j&k is now free from shackles, new dawn and better tomorrow awaits: pm moditerming it a dark day for indias democracy, congress shashi tharoor said, you have brought this bill to this house without consultation with the local parties, with the state legislature out of session for more than six months.
.
criticising the massive deployment of forces and arrests of political leaders in the valley, tharoor said, this is a breathtaking betrayal of our democracy and nothing short of legislative authoritarianism.
tharoor said the government has opened up space for undemocratic forces by locking up democratic parties and their leaders.
you claim that we were winning the battle against terrorism and perhaps we were.
but now we are giving a fresh lease of life to the terrorists.
i must say, we are facing a situation in which they can sight a new injustice for them to fight.
you have made the mainstream pro-india parties irrelevant and powerlessread | article 370 modified: 10 things you need to knowhe added, in the name of unity, you are promoting division; and in the name of prosperity, you are promoting poverty in kashmir.
i feel this is a very sad situation.
the congress mp wanted the government to clarify when normalcy would return in kashmir.
when will kashmiri parents be able to take their children to school?
when will they be able to watch tv?
when will they be able to go out and buy food?
then, we will talk.
advertisingnoting that the tradition of consultation and deliberation lies in shreds, he described the latest move as the political equivalent of demonetisation.
tharoor emphasised that no one has to teach the congress about nationalism as it is the original party of nationalism.
we are a large-hearted country not be a petty (one), he said.
b'ravi shankar prasad also questioned rahul gandhis arrogance after getting a zero in nagaland and tripura assembly polls.
(file photo) ravishankarprasad prasad also questioned rahul gandhis arrogance after getting a zero in nagaland and tripura assembly polls.
(file photo)slamming congress president rahul gandhi for his speech at the party plenary, union minister ravishankarprasad prasad on monday said rampant lies have become the hallmark of the new congress president.
gandhi, who became party president in december, said on sunday, that the bjp, like the kauravas, fought for power, while his party, on the lines of the pandavas, battled for truth.
he also accused prime minister narendra modi of symbolising crony capitalism and called bjp president amit shah a murder accused.
rampant lies, falsehood, and shameful parading of lies have become the hallmark of the new congress president rahul gandhi.
we thought after becoming president, he will be a little modest, prasad told reporters outside parliament.
the senior bjp leader and law and justice minister also questioned gandhis arrogance after getting a zero in nagaland and tripura assembly polls and losing deposit in phulpur and gorakhpur.
in the last 10 years of the upa government, so many landmines were left behind by the previous government.
they keep on blasting and they are now asking us questions?
he said in a reference to corruption scams.
the volley of criticism following gandhis speech began with defence minister nirmala sitharaman saying that the party which questioned the fundamental existence of lord ram wanted to now identify itself with the pandavas.
sitharaman had said it was astonishing that the congress president chose to make allegations against the bjp chief even though he has been cleared by a court.
b'congress leader ghulam nabi azad with opposition leaders in new delhi on tuesday.
(express photo: anil sharma) congress leader ghulam nabi azad with opposition leaders in new delhi on tuesday.
(express photo: anil sharma)as ruckus created by members of tamil nadu and andhra pradesh parties on tuesday disrupted proceedings in parliament for the 12th straight day, opposition parties blamed the government for the impasse.
in lok sabha, speaker sumitra mahajan said she cannot take up the no-confidence motion against the government since the house was not in order.
rajya sabha also witnessed disruptions, with congress blaming the government for not trying to break the deadlock and the latter responding it was ready for a discussion on any issue.
minutes before rajya sabha was adjourned for the day amid ruckus, leader of opposition ghulam nabi azad said they want the house to function and debate on three pressing issues as well as the budget and other legislative business.
he made the comments soon after external affairs minister sushma swaraj informed the house of the death of 39 missing indians in iraq.
while most opposition parties wanted azad to make the statement, members of dmk, aiadmk and tdp trooped into the well, raising slogans for constitution of cauvery water management board and special status for andhra pradesh.
azad said 10 opposition parties, including congress, tmc, sp, bsp, dmk, ncp, cpi and cpm met tuesday and agreed that the house should function.
three major issues are irregularities in banks where billions of rupees have been looted, special category status for andhra pradesh and cauvery water management, he said.
no effort has been made by the government so far to talk to these political leaders to sort out the issue.
so, the government is responsible for the impasse, azad said.
while law minister ravishankarprasad prasad countered azad, saying the government is ready for a debate on all issues, minister of state for parliamentary affairs vijay goel said the government has since day one stated that it is prepared for any discussion.
chairman m venkaiah naidu said he had on the very first day said banking issue needs to be discussed and the government agreed.
i dont find any reason for disruption, he said.
he later adjourned proceedings.
parliament is undermined.
the government wants to function after bypassing parliament, cpi leader d raja said.
sukhbir singh badal sukhbir singh badalbreaking his silence on the udta punjab row, punjab deputy cm sukhbir singh badal thursday asked his opponents to stop spreading canards about a government ban on release of the film, which he said allegedly categorically and specifically describes punjabis as kanjar (crooked) and its land as banjar (barren).
he insisted that the controversy was a matter between the producers and the censor board and the state government had nothing to do with it.
watch: udta punjab controversy: youth has the right to know drugs are a menace, says shahid kapoorfor us, it is one of the countless such films produced for commercial reasons.
whether to allow its release or not is an issue between the producers and the cbfc.
the government has nothing to do with it.
it is for the censors to see whether the film meets or violates the fundamental principles of balance between freedom of expression on the one hand and deliberately or inadvertently blackening the face of a state, a community or a faith on the other, sukhbir said.
he claimed that it was absurd to even suggest the state governments intervention at this stage.
neither cm parkash singh badal nor i nor anyone else at political or administrative level in the government has seen the film so far.
watch: ravishankarprasad prasad reacts to the udta punjab row & nihalanis modis chamcha commentcm badal said that the state government could not be held responsible for the controversy as the cbfc was exclusively under the control of the centre.
b'when the minister got up and clapped for a marching contingent, he was beamed live on air.
when the minister got up and clapped for a marching contingent, he was beamed live on air.
having faced criticism over the last couple of years for focusing its cameras too much on prasar bharati officials, public broadcaster doordarshan went a step further this republic day and ensured that its cameras kept returning to minister of state for information & broadcasting rajyavardhan rathore throughout the live telecast of the parade.
when the minister got up and clapped for a marching contingent, he was beamed live on air.
when he got up again to cheer for the tableau of rajasthan  his home state  he was on air again.
in between too, dd camerapersons ensured that the minister remained visible.
meanwhile, dds coverage, especially its camera angles, earned praise from all.
taking centrestagethe importance of rashtriya swayamsevak sangh joint general secretary krishna gopal, the pointman between the sangh and the bjp, was visible at the rashtrapati bhavan at-home on tuesday.
not only was the rss functionary the cynosure of all eyes, surrounded as he was by vips, but almost all ministers, including allies like ram vilas paswan, were seen making their way to him.
paswan was introduced to gopal by union telecommunications and information technology minister ravishankarprasad prasad, and remained in conversation with him for some time.
lok sabha deputy speaker m thambidurai was also seen walking up to the rss pointman.
reshuffle talkever since the congresss rout in the lok sabha elections, there has been talk of a major organisational revamp which will have a full rahul gandhi imprint.
the buzz comes up periodically, and then fades away.
speculation about an aicc reshuffle is once again gaining ground, and, if leaders close to rahul are to be believed, the revamp could happen within a month  before campaigning begins for assembly elections due in april-may.
sources said there could be more representation from the states going to polls.
gujarati boseas many as 17 members of netaji subhash chandra boses family were in delhi, at the official invitation of the culture ministry, for the declassification of the netaji files.
the initiative was taken by prime minister narendra modi, who has known several relatives of bose for years  some of them even speak gujarati.
at the event on january 23, modi spoke with them in his mother tongue, and referred to a member as gujarati bose.
b'we contested 25 seats in 2009 and we should get the same number this time.
it would be our right and not a charity, rajak told reporters at gyan bhawan complex.
we contested 25 seats in 2009 and we should get the same number this time.
it would be our right and not a charity, rajak told reporters at gyan bhawan complex.
union minister upendra kushwaha, who heads the rashtriya lok samata party, on thursday skipped a get-together of senior nda leaders in bihar, bringing to the fore the discontent simmering within the bjp-led coalition over sharing of seats for the next lok sabha polls.
kushwaha excused himself citing his preoccupation in delhi, even as bihar chief minister nitish kumar, union ministers ravishankarprasad prasad and radha mohan singh, deputy cm sushil kumar modi, bjp national general secretary in-charge of the state bhupendra yadav and ljp chief ram vilas paswan attended the gathering.
shortly after kushwaha conveyed his decision to skip the event to bjp state president nityanand rai over telephone, a statement was issued by his partys national working president nagamani saying: nda will achieve spectacular success in lok sabha and vidhan sabha polls in bihar if these are fought projecting kushwaha as the leader of the coalition.
bjps bihar unit hosted dinner for nda allies in patna.
cm nitish kumar and union minister ram vilas paswan also present pic.
twitter.com/ykn7yibfsm  ani (@ani) june 7, 2018https://platform.
twitter.com/widgets.
jsafter the bjp, the rlsp has the largest support base among nda constituents in bihar.
on the national level, ours is a bigger party than the jd(u) and the nda had benefitted from kushwahas support in the 2014 lok sabha polls, when jd(u) had fought separately, nagamani said.
some leaders of the jd(u), and even the bjp, have acknowledged nitish kumar as the ndas leader in bihar.
this cannot be deemed as the view of the entire coalition.
the leader for bihar shall be decided by the ndas national leadership and not by those of a state level, he added.
however, in an attempt to avoid confrontation, nagamani later turned up at the nda get-together at the gyan bhavan complex.
as he took a seat near the entrance of the hall, nagamani was persuaded by nityanand rai to be seated close to other senior leaders.
discontent has been brewing among nda constituents in bihar, who face the daunting challenge of arriving at a seat-sharing formula acceptable to all.
out of the 40 lok sabha seats in the state, the bjp won 22 in the 2014 polls, while the ljp and the rlsp bagged six and three respectively.
the jd(u) fought separately and won only two.
however, the party has been pushing its status as the senior coalition partner in the state, pointing towards its greater number of mlas.
statements by its deputy leader in the assembly, shyam rajak, and national general secretary and chief spokesman k c tyagi made the jd(u)s stance clear.
we contested 25 seats in 2009 and we should get the same number this time.
it would be our right and not a charity, rajak told reporters at gyan bhawan complex.
tyagi said in delhi that if 2014 results were to be taken as a benchmark to allot seats to each nda constituent in 2019, then in the 2020 assembly polls, the results of 2015 should be taken as the base and jd(u) should be given 150 out of the total number of 243 seats.
kushwaha, a former nitish kumar loyalist, had quit the jd(u) in 2013 when he was a rajya sabha member, months after having been suspended from the party on disciplinary grounds.
he went on to form his own party and joined the bjp-led nda.
riding the strong narendra modi wave in 2014, his party won three lok sabha seats and he became the minister of state for human resource development.
however, his party did poorly in the assembly polls a month later, managing to win only two seats.
he has reportedly been sulking over his diminished stature in the nda since kumar returned to the coalition last year.
the nda gathering is first since kumar returned to the coalition after dumping the grand alliance with the rjd and the congress in july last year.
a day after chief justice of india j s khehar expressed concern over judicial work being affected by shortage of judges, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad thursday hoped that concerns regarding appointments and infrastructure would be addressed expeditiously.
i can tell you now that with the leadership of justice khehar as the new chief justice, we will be able to work together in a very meaningful way to address the concerns in judiciary, to expedite appointments, to ensure people of merit are appointed and also overall reinforce infrastructure needed for justice delivery, he said at a conference on judicial reforms.
citing figures, he said the centre was committed to increasing judiciarys strength.
in terms of fundamental duties, justice delivery is integral to good governance.
therefore, justice delivery has to be faster, expeditious and also to be delivered in the spirit of integrity and accountability.
b'there has been a lot of learning.
the incoming government had a naive faith in a lok sabha majority as a guarantee of legislative power.
there has been a lot of learning.
the incoming government had a naive faith in a lok sabha majority as a guarantee of legislative power.
the past is prologue.
it has given us a good idea of how much has been achieved and how much there is yet to do.
it has also revealed to the pm himself his strength and his weaknesses.
there have been successes in raising indias image abroad.
the look east policy, the pakistan initiatives, the chabahar challenge  all bear modis signature.
the economy has been strong despite the two droughts.
even inflation  onion prices, dal prices  has not made headlines lately.
having lost delhi in overconfidence and bihar in a tactically bad campaign, assam has restored the nerves.
modi is a winner.
amit shah has corralled the culture warriors within his party.
that assures success.
there has been a lot of learning.
the incoming government had a naive faith in a lok sabha majority as a guarantee of legislative power.
it got hung up on rajya sabha numbers.
it took some time to realise that a majority in the rajya sabha was not on the cards even under the best case scenario till 2019.
the prime ministers lack of delhi experience showed.
as an outsider, he takes the rules of the parliamentary game literally.
parliament in india does not work on raw numbers, but on the capacity to make deals.
the previous four governments since 1989 which had five-year terms never had a majority; they survived by doing deals.
but to modi, deal-making smacked of corruption.
so precious time was spent on learning the wisdom of experienced players.
the same goes for the executive.
a provincial chief minister is a dictator.
a prime minister has to seek cabinet support.
modi trusted civil service too much as an instrument of implementation.
the bureaucracy is clever and efficient but not quick.
the government has taken two years to realise that the psu banks need consolidation at the very least and privatisation is the best option.
but modi is a moderate conservative, not a reforming radical.
the price is slow progress and the stagnation of manufacturing, because the government dare not change labour laws.
so while modi is still nmero uno, there is a whiff of disappointment at the slowness of change.
a slew of new initiatives have been launched by the pm, but they cannot disguise the lack of radical reform of the old moribund structure he inherited.
there are only 1,092 days left.
an end to the drought will help enormously.
suresh prabhu and nitin gadkari are making massive investment in infrastructure.
piyush goyal should have sorted out the power problem within the next year and ravishankarprasad prasad, the issues with communications.
make in india, start-up india, swachh bharat and the social welfare initiatives will bear fruits soon.
the trajectory of growth rates would be upwards to 9 per cent in the next three years.
the government must realise that you dont need a majority to get legislation through, but goodwill.
do not worry about the congress (apart from unparliamentary conduct).
find support from others.
nor should it worry about the siren voices asking it to ditch raghuram rajan.
a local passport does not matter as much as competence and confidence of the global markets.
offer him an extension and hope he accepts and does not have better jobs to go to.
then re-election with a bigger majority would be a good bet.
this year,the names of bjps chief ministerial candidates from the ideal states will figure on the partys list of star campaigners for the delhi assembly elections.
these star campaigners include the cm candidates of gujarat,chhattisgarh and madhya pradesh,and rajasthans former chief minister vasundhara raje scindhia.
according to senior leaders,the dates of campaigning by the star campaigners are being finalised by the partys national office.
gujarat chief minister and bjps prime ministerial candidate narendra modi along with his chhattisgarh and madhya pradesh counterparts,raman singh and shivraj singh chouhan,are some of the star campaigners for the december 4 polls picked by the delhi bjp.
others include actors hema malini,kirron kher,shatrughan sinha,smriti irani and manoj tiwari.
the partys senior leaders,such as nitin gadkari,sushma swaraj,arun jaitley,l k advani,sushil kumar modi,harsh vardhan and vijay goel,form the majority of the star campaigners.
delhi will also see rallies held by bjp leaders prem kumar dhumal,bhuvan chand khandoori,anuraag thakur,varun gandhi,meenakshi lekhi,kirti azad,c p thakur,shanta kumar,ravi shankar prasad,mukhtar abbas naqvi,shahnawaz hussain,ananth kumar,and navjot singh sidhu.
according to official dates,swaraj was initially supposed to begin campaigning from november 27.
however,she began her campaigning from november 18.
leaders claim the mismatch in dates was a result of lack of coordination between the state and national offices.
they said despite a coordination committee managing rallies and meetings,the national office is still governing dates.
the leaders said the committee was yet to streamline the programmes of the senior leaders.
the maharashtra government has decided to prepare nearly 14,000 gram panchayats for cashless transactions, complete with pos machines and bhim-aadhaar apps, by may 2017.
chief minister devendra fadnavis has assured the centre that the state would strive to go digital across its 29,000 gram panchayats, which comprise 40,913 villages, in two phases along with the bhim-aadhaar platform by 2018.
of the total 29,000 gram panchayats across maharashtra, directives to equip 14,000 gram panchayats for digital and cashless transformation have been conveyed to the states information and technology department, which is working along with maharashtra governments urban development and finance ministries.
during a meeting on monday, officers of the concerned departments were asked to take digital india programme and bhim aadhaar app to villages on high priority.
cm fadnavis also recently discussed the matter with union minister for information technology ravishankarprasad prasad and told him about his governments 2018 target.
highly placed sources told the indian express that, along with the digital transformation across 29,000 gram panchayats in partnership of microsoft, it (government) intends to promote the bhim-aadhaar app through gram panchayatsin the first pilot project, 776 gram panchayats have been covered to make nagpur the first digital smart district of maharashtra and country in 2016.
in a pilot project launched two years ago in partnership with mircrosoft, the state had succeeded in bringing digital connectivity to 350 villages using the white space technology support provided by the us company.
the internet penetration in state is very satisfactory with 4.
72 crore subscribers which is highest in india, officials said.
the total population of state is 11.
40 crore.
statistics show that maharashtra would account for almost 20 per cent of digital programmes with 29,000 gram panchayats of the total 1,50,000 across india by year 2018.
through bharatnet, laying of optic fibre for hi-speed internet connectivity is expected to be done in the next one year.
at present 1,55,000 km optical fibre has been laid and it reaches 75,700 gram panchayats across country.
the state intends to use digital transformation to enhance the e-health and e-education services in rural maharashtra.
the government also plans to extend digital services in agriculture sector to help farmers.
a day after the narendra modi government in gujarat countered the cags opinion about the child malnutrition rate in the state,bjp on sunday hit out at congress for allegedly indulging in falsehood over the issue.
every third child in gujarat is underweight: cagsenior party leader ravishankarprasad prasad said that the malnutrition rate has come down from 74 per cent to 25 per cent at present in gujarat,an exemplary record when compared with the situation in congress-ruled states.
related: gujarat govt counters cag report on malnutritiongujarats record is exemplary,outstanding,inclusive and the so called equity conscious government of (prime minister) manmohan singh and (congress president) sonia gandhi,the record of congress governments (in the states) is distressing and totally unsatisfactory, he told reporters here.
to buttress his point,prasad cited the malnutrition rate in bjp-ruled states and said that the reduction rate in the congress-ruled ones were negligible in comparison.
in case of madhya pradesh,he said the malnutrition rate had come down from 49 per cent in 2006-07 to only 27 per cent in 2012-13.
likewise,in chhattisgarh it had come down from 42 per cent to less than 37 per cent.
but all the congress governments,except maharashtra,have shown very negligible growth rate, he said referring to the cag report of 2012-13.
in congress-ruled andhra pradesh,the malnutrition rate had come down by only 5 per cent,from 53 per cent in 2006-07 to only 48 per cent in 2012-13,whereas in haryana,the slide was from 45 to 42 per cent.
making a mention of the delhi government as well,he said that the malnutrition rate here had come down from 54.
28 per cent to about 49.
87 per cent.
these statistics speak for themselves,my friends from congress should stop indulging in falsehood, he said.
the modi government had on saturday countered the cags opinion that 66 per cent of the children in the state are underweight,claiming that the rate had declined to less than 26 per cent in 2013 due to various steps taken by it.
as a result of various nutrition interventions undertaken by gujarat government,the percentage of underweight children decreased from 73.
04 per cent in march,2007,to 25.
09 per cent in march,2013, officials from the state government had said in a statement.
stepping up its attack, the aap on friday raised fresh questions over the retainership fee received by telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad and former minister manish tewari from reliance industries when they were lawyers and accused them of not revealing full facts.
a day after noted lawyer prashant bhushan raised the issue of conflict of interest against them, aap leader yogendra yadav asked why the minister has still not issued a notice to reliance jio in a 4g matter.
yadav queried whether prasad had revealed his pecuniary interest, in the register of members interests, a mandatory practice in rajya sabha.
the telecom minister has also revealed facts that are half-truths.
he says that he was not associated with reliance industries, but the company (fine tech corporation pvt ltd) has around 70 per cent stakes in two reliance holding companies.
also, the directors of the company are also on boards of many other reliance companies, he added.
there was no reaction from prasad or his office today.
yesterday, prasad said he had never given any advice or appeared for ril.
fine tech is a different corporate entity to whom legal services were rendered.
giving legal advice or retainership to companies is quite common with lawyers particularly with eminent lawyers.
as regards allegation about reliance 4g issue (is concerned), every decision will be taken purely objectively on merits and in light of final report of cag, the telecom minister had said.
yadav also alleged that tewari had lied and hid facts before the joint parliamentary committee that he was not representing any telecom company since 2005, but on the other hand, he was getting retainership fees from a reliance industries until 2012, which is involved in the telecom sector since 2010.
in his response yesterday, tewari admitted that he received retainership fees from reliance industries and had also written to then chairperson of the joint parliamentary committee p c chako that he represented telecom companies including reliance infocomm during the period covered by jpc investigation.
the response, which has been provided is comprehensive, holistic and covers all the necessary ingredients, important in the context of the public space.
if this gentleman of the aap refuses to see the obvious, then i am afraid i can only sympathise with him, tewari said.
a bill to allow voluntary use of aadhaar as an identity proof for opening bank accounts and procuring mobile phone connections was introduced in the lok sabha on monday.
advertisingrolling out stiff penalties for violation of norms, the bill proposes to amend the aadhaar act 2016 and replace an ordinance promulgated in march.
information technology minister ravishankarprasad prasad introduced the aadhaar and other laws (amendment) bill, 2019.
rsp member n k premachandran, representing kollam constituency of kerala, opposed the move.
prasad maintained that aadhaar does not violate privacy.
and, it is in national interest, he affirmed.
the minister said all issues which premachandran had raised had been dealt with.
he said the usage of aadhaar for opening bank accounts and sim-linking was so far being done through circulars and rules and added that it will be done through an act of parliament now.
he said that under the amendment bill, a childs consent for aadhaar will be obtained after he became an adult.
he said there was also a provision for an offline verification.
advertisingpremachandran said the bill is not in conformity with the supreme court judgment in the k s puttaswamy case, which restricted the use of aadhaar for only such schemes that have the colour of subsidy and which are paid out of the consolidated fund of india.
the rsp member said the issue of the personal data protection needed to come up first.
instead of bringing personal data protection bill, youre amending the aadhaar act, he said.
other mps also wanted to raise objections to the introduction of the bill, but speaker om birla said they should have given a notice for it earlier.
at this, a new member stood up, pointing out that he had given a notice.
he was promptly backed by aimim member asaduddin owaisi and ncp member supriya sule, but the speaker had in the meantime directed prasad to respond to objections.
prasad stated in his response that sim cards could be taken with or without aadhaar.
he pointed out that over 60 crore people had taken mobile sim cards through aadhaar even though it was not mandatory.
people of india, he said, had accepted aadhaar.
the bill envisages voluntary use of the aadhaar number for authentication and as identity proof for opening of bank accounts and for procuring mobile phone connections.
it also proposes deletion of section 57 of the aadhaar act related to the use of biometric data by private entities.
this amendment will also prevent the denial of services for refusing to, or being unable to, undergo authentication.
besides this, the proposed amendments provide for the establishment of a unique identification authority of india fund.
the changes proposed also include a civil penalty of up to rs 1 crore on entities that violate provisions of the aadhaar act, with an additional fine of up to rs 10 lakh per day in case of a continuous non-compliance.
similarly, the bill proposes that unauthorised use of identity information by a requesting entity or offline verification seeking entity would be punishable with imprisonment of up to three years with a fine that may extend to rs 10,000 or up to rs 1 lakh in case of a company.
congress president rahul gandhi stirred up a row on international yoga day friday after he tweeted pictures of the dog squad of the indian army doing yoga and captioned it new india, drawing a sharp reaction from bjp chief amit shah who accused him of mocking yoga day and insulting the forces.
watch how india celebrated yoga dayadvertisingtoday, their negativity was seen in their clear support to the medieval practice of triple talaq.
now, they mock yoga day and insult our forces (yet again!
) hoping the spirit of positivity will prevail.
it can help overcome toughest challenges, shah wrote on twitter today.
a fresh triple talaq bill was tabled in the lok sabha earlier today by law minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
congress stands for negativity.
today, their negativity was seen in their clear support to the medieval practice of triple talaq.
now, they mock yoga day and insult our forces (yet again!
) hoping the spirit of positivity will prevail.
it can help overcome toughest challenges.
https://t.
co/sc00yrbcpa  amit shah (@amitshah) june 21, 2019the pictures posted by rahul showed the army dog unit and their trainers prostrating.
bjp spokesperson nalin kohli also took a swipe at rahul saying for him life is only about a joke, as he keeps posting pictures about his pet dog.
it also said while a new india is emerging under prime minister modi, a new congress is coming up under gandhi.
under prime minister narendra modi there is a new india, and gandhis tweet reveals a new congress under him.
perhaps for him, life is one continuing joke for him and looking for opportunities to post pictures that remind him of his favourite pidi (his pet dog), said bjp spokesperson nalin kohli.
new india.
pic.
twitter.com/10ydjjvahd  rahul gandhi (@rahulgandhi) june 21, 2019rahul was also trolled on twitter by a number of people who posted pictures about the congress, poking fun at him and the party.
despite a strong cybersecurity mechanism in place, 25 websites of central ministries and state governments were hacked in the first five months of 2019, between january and may.
informing parliament, electronics and it minister ravishankarprasad prasad said that cyber attacks have become a global phenomenon.
advertisingas per the information reported to and tracked by indian computer emergency response team (cert-in), a total number of 199, 172, 110 and 25 websites of central ministries/departments and state governments were hacked during the year 2016, 2017, 2018 and 2019 (till may), respectively, prasad said in a written reply to the rajya sabha.
it is to be noted that the government has established national critical information infrastructure protection centre (nciipc) for protection of critical information infrastructure in the country, as per the provisions of section 70a of the information technology (it) act, 2000.
cyberspace is virtual and borderless, thus cyber attacks can come from anywhere, anytime and by anyonegovernment has taken several steps to prevent cybersecurity incidents and enhancing cybersecurity in the country, he said.
advertisingindian computer emergency response team (cert-in) issues alerts and advisories regarding the latest cyber threats and countermeasures on a regular basis.
the organisation has also published guidelines for securing it infrastructure which is available on its website, the minister said.
recently the official website of the ruling bjp was also hacked, with the hackers posting photos  and recipes  of beef dishes on several pages.
the tabs on the homepage of the website included the word beef at several places.
for instance, the about bjp tab was edited to about beef, and bjp history was changed to beef history.
the hacked website, after being live and online for around two hours, was taken down for corrective measures.
b'a function to launch actor-mp shatrughan sinhas biography anything but khamosh ended up showcasing the lines along which the bihar defeat has divided leaders in the bjp.
(source: express photo by renuka puri) a function to launch actor-mp shatrughan sinhas biography anything but khamosh ended up showcasing the lines along which the bihar defeat has divided leaders in the bjp.
(source: express photo by renuka puri)it was effectively a gathering of bjp dissidents, with representatives of the government and other parties in audience.
a function to launch actor-mp shatrughan sinhas biography anything but khamosh ended up showcasing the lines along which the bihar defeat has divided leaders in the bjp.
the partys most prominent critics within  l k advani, yashwant sinha, kirti azad attended the event.
two union ministers, harsh vardhan and v k singh, were present, as were cpm general secretary sitaram yechury, amar singh and congress leader randeep surjewala.
shatrughan and yashwant, who addressed each other as bhai, were candid in their criticism of the bjps strategy in bihar  the former in the book, the latter on stage.
advani took a swipe at leaders who seek successive rajya sabha nominations, a subject that came up because shatrughan was upset with him when he was once denied a nomination.
advani apologised for this.
l k advani and shatrughan sinha hold copies of the latters biography; yashwant sinha and sonakshi sinha on stage.
kirti azad (not in frame) too attended.
(source: express photo by renuka puri) l k advani and shatrughan sinha hold copies of the latters biography; yashwant sinha and sonakshi sinha on stage.
kirti azad (not in frame) too attended.
(source: express photo by renuka puri)in the book, shatrughan sinha tells the biographer, bharathi s pradhan, of notable exceptions to the rule of not granting a third term in the upper house: many party leaders like arun jaitley, and my friends ravishankarprasad prasad and venkaiah naidu were given a third term in the rajya sabha.
yashwant sinha said such rules in the bjp were not applicable to everyone.
its like ss (shatrughan sinha) said in a private conversation, you show me the man, i will show the rule.
(these rules) will not apply to everyone.
the entire political system has to take lessons in consistency, honesty and transparency in approach, yashwant said.
see more photos from the book launchadvani, whom shatrughan considers the ultimate leader, said: there are some people for whom it is not easy to be elected to the lok sabha  he is popular enough to be elected not just because of the party many people dont have the courage to contest a lok sabha seat.
he said it was a party decision not to give a rajya sabha nomination for a third time, yet apologised for the denial.
i felt that i must apologise.
i was rather unfair in forcing him to go to the lok sabha, he said.
yashwant sinha said shatrughan was not even made a campaigner (in bihar).
the stark truth is that he was not invited.
those who were managing did not find our utility.
he may have got 10 people and i would have got two.
but that was an addition, yashwant said.
he took another jibe at the bjp leadership : margdarshak mandal is a select committee that never meets.
for once, shatrughan refrained from any attack on the bjp leadership.
but he is candid his book, which includes a swipe on bjp chief amit shah.
amit shah, our party president, had predicted with great confidence that we would win with 2/3rd majority, he says.
perhaps it has become a habit with him because he had said the same thing in delhi also.
but ultimately we got only two or three seats there instead of 2/3rd right from state president mangal pandey to sushil kumar modi to rajiv pratap rudy to shahnawaz hussain, anybody and everybody, repeated his words like parrots with full zeal, enthusiasm and overconfidence.
at another place, he says sushil modi strongly opposed him and fought against his lok sabha nomination till the end.
my popularity and clean image and my respectability and acceptability among the masses made him very insecure although i have always maintained that i am not interested in being the chief minister of bihar.
shatrughans son kush read out a passage from the book on how sinha had helped yadhya bukhari, son of then then shahi imam of delhis jama masjid, during the 1992-93 mumbai riots.
kushs speech took a different line: he said the debate on intolerance was needless and people who were silent on other incidents considered it a fad to comment on intolerance.
shatrughans daughter sonakshi said she stood by her father when he came under attack from various people.
pradhan, who took seven years to write the book with hours of taped conversation, said no member of the actors family asked her to delete anything she had written.
from the bookshatrughan sinha as quoted by his biographer i also cautioned my party that mehengai, rising prices will be an issue.
wed already shed tears and lost an election over onion prices in the past.
so i cautioned them to control the prices of essentials like dal and vegetables or pay the price.
and we did end up paying the price for itthe party was hijacked by some people in bihar who conveniently played deaf-mute.
they were not ready to listen to (me) or to speak (to me).
thats how they created an impression which the opposition seized as an opportunity and the bihari versus bahari (outsider) slogan was coined.
people from maharashtra, chhattisgarh, gujarat, haryana, jharkhand were brought in hordes and packed into bihar, bhar diya gaya, as if the party hadnt learnt a lesson from the delhi debacle at the hands of kejriwal.
certain local forces also joined hands with the baharis to settle scores with me once and for all.
but thanks to my strategy, my tweets and the media, it boomeranged on them.
like our friend lalu prasad bounced back from the opposition, which was an eye opener to the country, i also bounced back because i was on the side of the truth.
i was doing things honestly and with transparency.
the crowds came to see as well as to hear me.
so it was not just star power, but oratory skills too.
yes, i campaigned for the same uma bharti who was expelled from the bjp, against whom action was taken by the party and who has now asked that action be taken against shatrughan sinha.
an astrologer predicted that i would change my party just once in my political career.
the rss condemned the murder on the same day, but karnataka bjp mla jeevaraj has now said that if gauri hadnt written against the sangh parivar, she may have been alive today.
the rss condemned the murder on the same day, but karnataka bjp mla jeevaraj has now said that if gauri hadnt written against the sangh parivar, she may have been alive today.
as we mourn the murder of journalist and activist gauri lankesh, it is imperative that we see in it the hidden murder, the renewed attempt to murder indias plurality of thought and ideology, the imperative characteristic of a civilized democratic society.
so right-thinking fellow indians, lament even more.
gauri was not merely a left-of-centre, agnostic, rationalist and fearless journalist.
she was much more.
she personified the right that the constitution gives us, to differ and dissent, to have more than one single dogma to choose from and vigorously oppose, by non-violent means, the superimposition of one thought over every other.
that is why her killing is an endeavor, by those who pledge allegiance to an ideology different from hers, to eliminate what she had come to be an epitome of.
the rss condemned the murder on the same day, but karnataka bjp mla jeevaraj has now said that if gauri hadnt written against the sangh parivar, she may have been alive today.
is this an admission of guilt by the establishment?
is this why ravishankarprasad prasad, law minister and senior bjp spokesperson, came on tv three days after gauris murder, to ask why indias intellectuals and secularists do not condemn the murders of bjp workers in karnataka and kerala?
without participating in the game of whodunit, or speculating whether it was an organized murder by hired hands on the orders of any extreme right wing organization or the handiwork of a lone wolf, let us see what gauris killers were trying to achieve.
there is a chilling parallel here to the strategy adopted by the is (islamic state) terror outfit.
the tactic is to scare into silence propagators of an alternative thought and in so doing, snuff out all opposition.
the endgame is to ensure that only one single code of belief prevails.
like the is, gauris assassins are engaging in a battle of perception.
they too want to build and reinforce the acuity that they are all powerful, so powerful that they can kill in cold blood anyone one dares to stand up against them.
the daring murders of rationalist and kannada scholar mm kalburgi (2015) as well as two other rationalists, govind pansare(2015) and narendra dabholkar (2013) which remain unsolved to date, are essential for these people so as to build a profile of a mighty power which will not spare any dissenting voice.
for them the expansion of their command and control is the means to an end.
or is it the other way round?
is the spreading of an ideology by all means at their disposal, a methodical way to seize power, to command and control?
the is encourages action by lone actors who serve their purpose and virtually leave behind no trail.
lone wolfs are products of indoctrination and the building of a frenzy over a so-called doctrine.
the is is always quick to take ownership of terror triggered by one man acting on his own or with a small group not assigned to do so by the central leadership.
it does this to project itself as a force that is potent and all pervasive.
we dont know whether the sanatan sanstha, an organization implicated in the murder of at least two rationalists follow the is in this expansion of influence or not.
it seems as if several organisations dont like to take credit for killings and murders.
yet like the is, they hype their views to such an extent that a person or persons may become motivated to take action which will be approved, appreciated and welcomed, even if not directly ordered, by their leaders.
though they do not publically take ownership of violent acts in the name of their ideology, they allow the expanding of the perception that the job has been carried out by their very own crusader.
this again is meant to showcase the magnitude of the acceptance of their ideology and their reach.
the outrage at the gunning down of gauri lankesh is not a comment on the ideology she was committed to and whether it is right or wrong.
it is about allowing space for varied thought and ideology and the freedom to live by it without the fear of being silenced by the gun.
b'all of these cases  four appointments and one transfer  relate to the delhi high court, which is perceived in the legal fraternity as one of the most sought-after assignments for judgeship in the country.
(file photo) all of these cases  four appointments and one transfer  relate to the delhi high court, which is perceived in the legal fraternity as one of the most sought-after assignments for judgeship in the country.
(file photo)even as the government and the supreme court collegium continue to differ on how to reform the current procedure of judicial appointments, five names recommended for appointment and transfer are learnt to have left the government perplexed.
significantly, all of these cases  four appointments and one transfer  relate to the delhi high court, which is perceived in the legal fraternity as one of the most sought-after assignments for judgeship in the country.
of the four cases of appointment as judges in the delhi high court, recommended by the collegium over three months ago, the government has felt constrained to send three for a double-check by the intelligence bureau (ib).
under the existing memorandum of procedure (mop), it is the norm to send names of candidates to the ib for a check on background and credentials.
but this time, the government, as an exceptional measure, sent three names of lawyers to the ib for a second time after the bureaus first report baffled the ministry.
in its first report, the ib is learnt to have left the column on integrity blank in the case of one candidate, a woman lawyer.
in the second case, the ib said that the lawyer had not argued any major case, and that the candidate perhaps had no track record to show.
in the third case, the ib is learnt to have said, the candidate lawyer lived with his brother, whose name had reportedly surfaced in the essar tapes.
in the last week of july, the ministry sent these names back to the ib for a clarification.
this time, the bureau said that although there was a public perception that the integrity of two of the three lawyers was not above board, there was nothing to substantiate this perception.
but it stood firm regarding the third name  and maintained this lawyer had not independently argued any major case either in the supreme court or in the high courts.
the law ministry has received the second ib report, and is mulling its options pending finalisation of the new mop.
the fourth case of appointment pertains to a sitting judge of the delhi district courts.
his recommendation was stalled by the high court collegium in november 2014 after a preliminary inquiry was launched against him and around 300 other trial court judges over alleged financial misdemeanour in purchasing electronic items, particularly laptops.
the inquiry was conducted by justice b d ahmed of the delhi high court, and he submitted his report to the full court  comprising all judges of the high court  in may this year.
in a letter dated june 4, delhi high court informed chief justice of india t s thakur that the inquiry had been completed, and that the full court by a majority had decided that no action was warranted against this district judge.
subsequently, on july 15, the cji wrote to law minister ravishankarprasad prasad, asking him to revive the proposal made for elevating this candidate as a judge in the delhi high court.
the proposal dated october 15, 2014 be revived and processed expeditiously, read the cjis letter, which also informed prasad that the decision had been taken by the supreme court collegium a day earlier.
sources in the law ministry told the indian express that basic issues of procedural compliance have cropped up in clearing this name because the proposal should have come from the high court collegium.
convention also required that a report be sought from the ib about this district judges service record and credentials between 2014 and july 2016.
this file is, therefore, currently stuck.
the fifth case relates to the transfer of a delhi high court judge.
the supreme court collegium, headed by the cji, had recommended the transfer in february this year but the decision is yet to be given effect.
it is learnt that the file is with the prime ministers office, and the law ministry is awaiting its return with specific instructions.
hearing a pil on issues of judicial appointments and shortage of judges, a bench led by the cji had on august 12 asked attorney general mukul rohatgi what had held up the transfer, and warned that the judges judicial work may be withdrawn if the government did not move him out.
chief justice thakur had also questioned the government over the sense of mistrust, and warned that the judiciary would be forced to interfere to break the deadlock on judicial appointments.
rohatgi had sought six weeks to come back with instructions.
b'the apex court gave the poll watchdog two weeks time to file a report on the matter.
(express photo by tashi tobgyal) the apex court gave the poll watchdog two weeks time to file a report on the matter.
(express photo by tashi tobgyal)the supreme court on monday asked the election commission to reply to the centres apprehension that the usage of totaliser machines might lead to outflow of data from evms. the apex court gave the poll watchdog two weeks time to file a report in on the matter.
the election commission had recommended to the government to introduce totaliser machines for counting of votes, which would enhance secrecy in the election process.
however, a committee of ministers, headed by rajnath singh, had rejected the idea last year.
also read | what is a totaliser machine?
totaliser machines increase the secrecy of voting by counting votes polled at 14 polling booths together, as against the current practice of announcing booth-wise results.
according to the election commission, the identification of area-wise voting trends could encourage candidates and political parties to target areas where they got less votes.
the ec first approached the law ministry in 2008 with the proposal to amend the conduct of election rules to introduce totaliser machine on counting day.
in 2017, a team of union ministers  rajnath singh, arun jaitley, manohar parrikar, nitin gadkari and ravishankarprasad prasad  was constituted on the direction of prime minister narendra modi to deliberate on the idea.
as reported by the indian express, the proposal was supported by only three (bsp, congress, ncp) of the six national parties after the commission demonstrated the use of the machine last march.
the bjp had opposed it on the ground that details of booth-wise performance of candidates was important for booth management.
the cpi(m) agreed in principle but added a rider saying that the machine should be used carefully and introduced in phases.
b'union minister ravishankarprasad prasad union minister ravishankarprasad prasadthe bjp on wednesday trained its guns again on the congress and former finance minister p chidambaram over the 80:20 gold import scheme, asking why trading houses, including the beleaguered gitanjali gems, were allowed to import gold just a day before the 2014 lok sabha results were to be announced.
at a press conference at the party headquarters, union minister ravishankarprasad prasad countered congress leader anand sharmas allegation that the bjps attack on chidambaram was not backed by facts.
prasad shared a purported office memorandum of the finance ministry dated may 15, 2014.
in the memorandum, the premier and start trading houses were allowed to import gold.
was it a price, was it a consideration, was it pressure or was it an obligation.
what was it that mr chidambaram, a well- informed politician, took this decision one day before the results were to come, he alleged.
according to prasad, the nature of pressure or price could be assessed from the fact that in a single day the file traveled with supersonic speed through nine desks after his signature and it was followed by the office memorandum.
he said chidambaram knew the constitution and any person having the slightest consideration of democratic integrity, propriety and sanity of democratic polity would never do this.
in august 2013, the then upa government had introduced the 80:20 rule, which allowed traders to import gold only after they had exported 20 per cent of gold from their previous import.
the rule was scrapped in november 2014 after the nda came to power.
union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad (express file photo by anil sharma) union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad (express file photo by anil sharma)dismissing former bihar chief minister lalu prasad yadavs claims of allegedly being pressurised by the bharatiya janata party (bjp)-backed government, union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad while defending the centre said it has no intentions to threaten or pressurize anyone.
the raids are being conducted as per procedure.
we have no intention to intimidate anyone, he told ani.
seeking clarification on the matter, prasad further asserted that if the rashtriya janata dal (rjd) chief is confident of no scam involved, he should clear it out with the income tax officials.
there have been reports of the massive property owned by his son and daughter in both bihar and delhi.
why has there been no clarification?
a profit worth rs 1000 crores is questionable, and hence he is under the scanner, said prasad, alleging that the state was looted during his tenure as chief minister.
read: will fight the fascist forces, says lalu prasad yadavdrawing upon the harbinger of good governance nitish kumar, prasad said it is time for the former to look into the matter and deploy similar rules to all political leaders, irrespective of their political stature.
earlier today, raids were conducted by the income tax department at 22 locations in delhi, gurugram on companies and people associated with lalu.
a team of about 100 tax department officials and police personnel are reportedly carrying out the raids.
responding to this, lalu took to twitter to slam the bjp, saying the saffron party and rashtriya swayamsevak sangh (rss) are trying to pressurise him, knowing that he will expose their lies, loot and jumlas.
challenging the centre to reveal the names of the 22 places raided, the former bihar chief minister said, at least tell which 22 places were raided, you illiterates.
lalu is not scared of bjp-backed media and government puppets.
lalu further said that the bjp lacks courage to suppress his voice and if they try to do so, then million more lalus will emerge all across india.
in a challenging voice, lalu cautioned the bjp saying, i am not scared of the bjp.
there is a lot more to be done by bringing together all the parties sharing the same ideology.
as per sources, the raids are being conducted on the charges of illegal (benami) land deals worth rs. 1,000 crore.
the searches are reportedly also being conducted at the premises of the son of rjd mp p c gupta and few other businessmen.
the rashtriya janata dal (rjd) is already under scanner in the fodder scam case.
on a day the bharatiya janata party announced the names of its state in-charge (prabhari),including the poll-bound states of rajasthan,madhya pradesh and chhattisgarh,the split in party leadership became evident with no in-charge being appointed for delhi on sunday.
the delay comes even as delhi prepares for assembly polls  scheduled for later this year  when the bjp with its fractured leadership will try to wrest control from three-term-strong chief minister sheila dikshit.
though the party tried to downplay its decision to keep on hold the announcement of delhi prabhari,sources said several groups within the bjp were trying to corner the coveted position.
party sources said senior leaders,including venkaiah naidu,ravi shankar prasad and radha mohan singh,were contenders for the prime position.
the bjp claimed that there was no no rift in the party and sundays announcement of prabharis for other states was the first phase of the process.
sources said the name of the delhi prabhari will be announced soon.
the party maintained a status quo in the other three poll-bound states.
it is a sensitive post and requires deliberation.
we will announce the name soon, a bjp source said.
the post of in-charge is considered to be essential as the person,along with the delhi bjp chief,is likely to have the most in the distribution of tickets for the upcoming polls.
the two leaders would also be the partys face while taking on the congress and dikshit.
the division within the party was visible last week as well,when several senior leaders were not invited to a get-together hosted by delhi unit chief vijay goel.
at the chaat party,orgainsed by goel a day after he announced his team that will play a crucial role in the assembly elections,senior leaders such as harshvardhan,v k malhotra,sahib singh chauhan,s p ratawal,jagdish mukhi,vijender gupta and pravesh verma were not invited.
b'pm narendra modi with cabinet ministers after the reshuffle.
(source: twitter/@narendramodi) pm narendra modi with cabinet ministers after the reshuffle.
(source: twitter/@narendramodi)prime minister narendra modi inducted new ministers into his council of ministers in the first week of july.
this was followed by a reshuffle of the ministers handling some key portfolios in the union ministry.
among the significant names moved around where smriti irani from hrd to textiles and sadanand gowda from law to statistics.
prakash javadekar gets the human resource development ministry.
finance minister arun jaitley was relieved of the information and broadcasting ministry.
former journalist mj akbar was inducted into the council of ministers and he got the status of minister of state in the foreign ministry.
five ministers tendered their resignations to prime minister narendra modi.
they are nihalchand, ram shankar katheria, sanwar lal jat, manuskhbhai d vasva and m k kundariya.
the reshuffle was undertaken keeping in mind the uttar pradesh assembly elections.
three new faces were inducted in the council of ministers from the state.
the ceremony took place at the darbar hall of the rashtrapati bhavan, where senior leaders of the bjp were present.
external affairs minister sushma swarajhad earlier tweeted that she would not be able to make it due to an engagement with the foreign minister of hungary.
here is the portfolio of the union council of ministersprime minister narendra modi: personnel, public grievances & pensions department of atomic energy department of spacewatch video: keystrokes  smriti irani gets textilescabinet ministers rajnath singh: home affairs sushma swaraj: external affairs arun jaitley: finance corporate affairs m venkaiah naidu: urban development housing & urban poverty alleviation |information & broadcasting nitin jairam gadkari: road transport and highways shipping manohar parrikar: defence suresh prabhu: railways d. v. sadananda gowda: statistics & programme implementation uma bharati: water resources, river development & ganga rejuvenation najma a. heptulla: minority affairs shri ramvilas paswan: consumer affairs, food & public distribution kalraj mishra: micro, small & medium enterprises maneka sanjay gandhi: women & child development ananth kumar: chemicals & fertilizers | parliamentary affairs ravishankarprasad prasad: law & justice | electronics & information technology jagat prakash nadda: health & family welfare ashok gajapathi raju pusapati: civil aviationanant geete: heavy industries & public enterprises harsimrat kaur badal: food processing industries narendra singh tomar: rural development | panchayati raj | drinking water & sanitation chaudhary birender singh: steel jual oram: tribal affairs radha mohan singh: agriculture & farmers welfare thaawar chand gehlot: social justice and empowerment smriti zubin irani: textiles dr. harsh vardhan: science & technology | earth sciences prakash javadekar: human resource developmentministers of state rao inderjit singh: planning (independent charge) | urban development housing & urban poverty alleviation bandaru dattatreya: labour & employment (independent charge) rajiv pratap rudy: skill development & entrepreneurship (independent charge) vijay goel: youth affairs and sports (independent charge) | water resources, river development & ganga rejuvenation shripad yesso naik: aayush (independent charge) dharmendra pradhan: petroleum and natural gas (independent charge) piyush goyal: power (independent charge) coal (independent charge) new and renewable energy (independent charge) mines (independent charge) jitendra singh: development of north eastern region (independent charge) prime ministers office personnel, public grievances & pensions department of atomic energy department of space nirmala sitharaman: commerce and industry (independent charge) mahesh sharma: culture (independent charge) tourism (independent charge) manoj sinha: communications (independent charge) railways anil madhav dave: environment, forest and climate change (independent charge) general v. k. singh: external affairs santosh kumar gangwar: finance faggan singh kulaste: health & family welfare mukhtar abbas naqvi: minority affairs | parliamentary affairs ss ahluwalia: agriculture & farmers welfare | parliamentary affairs ramdas athawale: social justice & empowerment ram kripal yadav: rural development haribhai parthibhai chaudhary: micro, small & medium enterprises giriraj singh: micro, small & medium enterprises hansraj gangaram ahir: home affairs g m siddeshwara: heavy industries & public enterprises ramesh chandappa jigajinagi: drinking water & sanitation rajen gohain: railways parshottam rupala: agriculture & farmers welfare | panchayati raj mj akbar: external affairs upendra kushwaha: human resources development radhakrishnan p: road transport & highways | shipping kiren rijiju: home affairs krishan pal: social justice & empowerment jasvantsinh sumanbhai bhabhor: tribal affairs sanjeev kumar balyan: water resources, river development & ganga rejuvenation vishnu deo sai: steel sudarshan bhagat: agriculture and farmers welfare y s chowdary: science & technology | earth science jayant sinha: civil aviation col.
b'aimim leader asaduddin owaisi said, it is really surprising and shocking that the honourable law minister can speak in such language aimim leader asaduddin owaisi said, it is really surprising and shocking that the honourable law minister can speak in such languageunion law minister ravishankarprasad prasads remark that the government has given sanctity to muslims even though they do not vote for the bjp, today drew strong criticism from the opposition, but he stoutly defended it.
the congres, left and other parties said the constitution bestows on all indians some fundamental rights, including muslims, and that these were not charity extended by a minister.
congress leader m veerappa moily accused the minister of trying to divide the society.
it is most unfortunatehe is trying to create a dividetrying to divide the population of this country.
he is trying to empower himself to give that kind of certificate on who is sanctified and who is not.
i think he has to apologise for the statement as it sends out very wrong message, he said.
prasad had yesterday said that muslims do not vote for the bjp, but its government has given them proper sanctity.
we have got 13 chief ministers of our own.
we are ruling the country.
have we victimised any muslim gentleman working in the industry or service?
have we dismissed them?
we dont get muslim votes.
i acknowledge very clearly, but have we given them proper sanctity or not?
prasad said at the mindmine summit here.
the law minister, today sought defended his remarks, saying the modi government believes in an inclusive society and respects the vibrant cultural diversity of india.
my stand is very clear.
the narendra modi government believes in inclusive society.
it respects the vibrant cultural diversity of india.
every indian, be it hindu, muslim, christian or a citizen of marginalized deprived community.
development of all is our primary concern.
we dont measure the development of indian citizens on the yardsticks of vote bank, he said in a series of tweets.
he also cited incidents of modi acknowledging services of muslims from different walks of life.
prasad said he was proud of imran khan of alwar whose information technology work was talked about by modi in his speech in london.
i salute karimul haq, tea garden worker whose selfless ambulance service to people impressed narendra modi to honour him with padma shri, he said in a tweet.
moily, a also former union law minister, said he does not know why the minister of a country who happens to be a spokesperson for the constitutional integrity, constitutional propriety of this country should speak in that language.
i was shocked really.
a responsible person having taken the oath as a minister he should not forget this.
he has taken oath in the name of constitution.
it is our duty, more so the ministers, to always keep the sanctity of the constitutional provisions, he said.
he added that the constitution does not create any category of citizens and gives equal status and respect to everybody.
aimim leader asaduddin owaisi said, it is really surprising and shocking that the honourable law minister can speak in such language.
yes, this is my democratic right whether i vote for someone or not.
that is what the law provides me.
but the minister for law saying you have not voted for us but we give them sanctity.
this kind of patronising and threatening attitudeit does not behove a minister who holds the post of union cabinet minister of law to speak in such a language, he said.
owaisi said it is the constitution which gives each and every indian the fundamental rights.
he said he will continue to exercise this right to vote for bjp or not to vote for it.
article 29 and 30 give me ample protection but minister using this language that we gave them sanctity no sir, not you, it is the constitution which has given me all the fundamental rights.
you being the constitutional authority should implement those rights you cant deny me those rights, he said.
what do you mean we gave them sanctity?
is it a charity the minister of law and justice is doing?
cpi-m general secretary sitaram yechury asked.
he said muslims, christians, sikhs are all indian citizens and the sanctity is provided by the indian constitution and not because of the charity of a minister.
let them not talk in these terms as it is very unbecoming being a minister, he said.
in one of its first decisions regarding legislative business, the new cabinet led by prime minister narendra modi is likely to take up a bill to criminalise triple talaq once again when it meets on wednesday afternoon.
the bill seeks to replace the ordinance passed by the previous government in february after a similar bill could not be passed in the rajya sabha.
advertisingaccording to sources aware of the matter, a bill to ban talaq-e-biddat may be discussed by the union cabinet, which may grant its approval for the government to bring the bill in the upcoming session of the parliament starting on june 17.
the previous modi government had brought three ordinances to penalise the practice of triple talaq with imprisonment up to three years.
the first ordinance was brought in after the monsoon session of the parliament in 2018, a second ordinance was issued after the winter session, and the third was announced by the last cabinet on february 19, just weeks ahead of the general elections.
the muslim women (protection of rights on marriage) bill was passed by the 16th lok sabha in december after four hours of debate.
the opposition has been against certain provisions criminalising the practice.
the government was unable to pass it in the rajya sabha as bjp and its allies did not have majority in the upper house, and the opposition had disrupted house proceedings over the rafale deal.
advertisingafter the lok sabha was dissolved after completing its term, the bill had lapsed.
with the first session of the 17th lok sabha starting next week, the new triple talaq bill might be one of the first bills to be introduced by the government.
taking charge of the union ministry of law and justice on june 3, ravishankarprasad prasad, who was also the law minister in the last government, had emphasised the governments will to bring in the bill again.
he had said the issue of triple talaq was part of our manifesto.
the new session of the parliament will begin on june 17.
after the new members of the lok sabha take oath over the first two days, the president will address a joint session of both houses.
the union budget will be presented on july 5, and the session will conclude on july 26.
why veerappa moilyamong the first few senior congress leaders to speak out about the confusion in the party over its leadership issue after rahul gandhis offer to step down as party chief, veerappa moily is a veteran congress leader who has been chief minister of karnataka and union law minister in the upa government.
as the congress attempts to find answers in the wake of its second consecutive electoral setback at the national level, moilys electoral experience will come in handy.
a veteran of electoral contests, moily withstood the modi wave in 2014 and was elected to the lok sabha.
he, however, lost to the bjp this time despite his partys alliance with the jd(s) in karnataka.
advertisingravish tiwari: the congress ended up with its second worst performance ever this lok sabha election.
did you not see this coming?
on merit, we thought the congress would come to power.
that is because the nda could not live up to many of its promises  on gdp, employment, agriculture, etc.
even with reference to the 2014 manifesto of the bjp, we cannot give him (prime minister narendra modi) 10 out of 100.
on these parameters, they should have lost and we should have won.
of course, not single-handedly, but the opposition should have formed the government under the leadership of the congress it is thanks to the skilful storytelling of narendra modi that they got 100 per cent marks (even after getting) zero per cent on performance.
ravish tiwari: the congress forced pm narendra modi and amit shah to sweat it out for gujarat (2017).
after that, the party stopped the bjp from forming a government in karnataka and, more recently, formed governments in madhya pradesh, rajasthan and chhattisgarh.
why didnt the party stick to that narrative when it sought votes this time?
advertisingnationalism and hindutva  and modis articulation of these two factors  must have clicked (with the voters).
there is no other reason at all.
any government will be judged by their performance we had to speak on the non-performance of the government.
it may look negative as against the positive story of the nda it did not click.
we spoke on corruption, employment i was chairman of the standing committee on finance in parliament, where majority of the members were from the bjp all the reports unanimously spoke out against the governments performance.
ravish tiwari: what are you telling people who voted for the congress?
we have to rework our strategies very skilfully.
the congress doesnt need to get disillusioned or disappointed because this is the first time the bjp has scored more than 300 seats, whereas the congress scored has more than 300 seats six times the bjp and congress are national parties, the rest of the parties are regional outfits.
the congress has to survive for many more years to sustain democracy so we have to work, not by imitating the bjps philosophy  communalism, casteism, parochialism we have to revisit our roots  the philosophy of the congress, the philosophy of our country, vasudhaiva kutumbakam, inclusiveness etc.
abantika ghosh: do you think the categorisation of congress as a national party and others as regional parties ended up costing the congress potential allies, and eventually the polls?
if you build a coalition, it should not be only for the sake of elections.
it has to be done methodologically and strategically.
if the coalition ethos is not spread across the rank and file of the parties, it doesnt work.
in karnataka, we all became a victim of the coalition.
you allot seats on the eve of the elections and want the coalition to work how will it work?
the coalition that is practised in kerala is ideal.
as general secretary, i was also in charge of kerala.
there the coalition works right from the mandal level to the block level, assembly level, right up to the lok sabha level.
this is the coalition that is needed.
the congress has to take up this leadership and that was not done i must tell you that all of us lost because of the coalition.
krishn kaushik: why is rahul gandhi not being allowed to step down and can the congress work without a gandhi at the top?
rahul gandhi took over as president of the congress only in 2017.
he hardly got two years.
he led the party to success in karnataka, rajasthan, chhattisgarh and madhya pradesh.
this election he failed.
i dont think it (the failure) can be straightaway attributed to only one leader.
it has to be shared by everybody.
some investigation or research work has to be done.
but that has to be done on merit, otherwise we will end up taking an abrupt decision.
of course, we should appreciate his gesture of offering to step down after taking moral responsibility.
but that doesnt mean that he has to suddenly or abruptly give up.
we have two-three assembly elections coming up and the party has to gear up.
even if he were to step down, it should not be at this stage, but only after taking steps to reorganise and resurrect the party.
krishn kaushik: many state pcc chiefs resigned owning moral responsibility after the defeat.
what makes rahul gandhis case different from theirs?
rahul gandhi is a national leader.
the rest of them (state-level leaders) sent their resignations, but they have not yet been accepted.
i think we have to take a wholesome view of the political scenario.
ravish tiwari: a big political setback should have generated a churn within any party.
but voters saw no such churn within the congress post 2014.
i agree that there should be a churning process and that has not happened after 2014.
it has to happen this time at least.
only after the churning can we answer questions such as who should be accountable for what, who should resign and who should be replaced.
so there is always a scope for the congress to rejuvenate the congress has a future and it is going to stay.
whether they are cwc members or state unit leaders, everyone has to take responsibility, including myself.
this is everybodys defeat, not only of rahul gandhi.
in the process of introspection, there should be some casualty.
and the sooner it is done, the better for the party.
p vaidyanathan iyer: in some time, a few states will be heading to polls.
do you think there should be a timeline for this churn?
the churning has to take place right now.
in two to three months, the party has to be rejuvenated.
p v vaidyanathan iyer: you attributed the bjps victory to hindutva and nationalism.
dont you think that welfare schemes such as ujjwala mattered to common people?
during upa-ii, a (cooking gas) cylinder cost between rs 250 and rs 300.
now it costs around rs 1,000.
no one got cylinders for free under the scheme (ujjwala).
so i dont think it helped (voters).
gst ended up creating more confusion than resolving it demonetisation failed  it put all migrant labour out of jobs, led to unemployment.
take electricity  according to latest statistics, not even 50 per cent of the capacity is being utilised bank scams have been the highest.
npas are the highest at 15 per cent every sector has suffered.
abantika ghosh: the results show that people did not buy any of the congresss arguments.
going forward, what will be your new narrative?
voters did not buy it, because there was no time.
pulwama came first, then balakot ultimately, the real story will come out one day.
that is another issue.
but with hinduism and this aggressive campaign on nationalism, people did not look at any other issue.
just because they won the election doesnt mean you can draw any inference that their performance was par excellence at the same time, i dont think hindutva or communalism are things we can adopt in the congress.
if that happens, the existence of congress itself will be in question.
we should have our narrative which is updated, modernised and one which responds to the challenges of the youth and others.
abantika ghosh: but youre already toeing the soft hindutva line.
visiting temples, talking about the caste of your president and so on.
ultimately it was only nationalism and hindutva that people cared for, even though they were suffering  agriculture was at its lowest, there was an atmosphere of distress everywhere, but nothing mattered.
nothing of what (modi) said in the 2014 election campaign figured this election.
he did not think it appropriate to refer to those promises  achhe din, rs15 lakh to be deposited in every citizens account all these things disappeared.
ravish tiwari: are you suggesting that over 22 crore people (who voted for the bjp) were fooled?
i wont say fooled, they were swayed.
otherwise, in a democracy like india, or take the demographic history of any country, at no point of time have the majority community spoken about being victimised, aggrieved.
here it is happening.
whether they were fooled or not, it is a fact that such a campaign was done.
even now, 99 per cent of the wealth of this country is being handled by one per cent of corporates.
that shows how deep the suffering is.
ravish tiwari: you identified two issues that the bjp is going to cling to election after election  nationalism and hinduism.
what will the congresss response be?
i think we need to work out an alternative, not merely follow or imitate them.
we need to revisit the ideology of the congress even where economic theories, ideologies are concerned, we need to revisit those and that doesnt mean giving up.
we need to make people understand who stands for whom.
ravish tiwari: senior congress leader a k antony was charged with the responsibility of understanding what happened in 2014.
why has the report not made public?
im sorry to say that i have also not seen that report.
ravish tiwari: dont you think it should be made public?
if there is a report, they should make it public.
raj kamal jha: but did you not ask for the report?
im only in the central election committee, i was not in the congress working committee.
thats why i didnt have to ask for it what is the point seeing the report now?
all that has passed.
it has to be done afresh.
(the new report) should include why we failed in 2014 also.
kaunain sheriff m: what is the future of the jd(s)-congress alliance in karnataka?
if the coalition has to work, it has to work properly.
if it cannot work, there is no point working in a coalition.
just to stay in power, youll have to sacrifice the entire party.
that is what is happening.
if we had to contest independently, we wouldve won.
kaunain sheriff m: during the previous cjis term, congress mps were at the forefront of moving an impeachment motion against him (cji dipak misra).
do you think that was a hasty decision?
i did not agree with our leaders when they moved the impeachment motion.
because unless there are concrete doubts, you cannot move that.
i raised my voice against it.
kaunain sheriff m: law minister ravishankarprasad prasad has said that his office will not act as a post office.
as a former law minister, how do you define the role of the executive in clearing judicial appointments?
the proposal (for appointment) comes from the supreme court collegium.
they consider it on merit.
only if it is alright, do we forward it to the prime minister.
then it goes to the president.
before that, we examine all aspects  character, background of all candidates who have been recommended.
there are cases we send back and discuss.
during my tenure, i have personally gone to the chief justice of india and stated reasons (for reconsidering a particular name) without creating any friction.
the law ministry need not be a post office i think that he (ravi shankar prasad) has not understood his responsibility.
we never kept files for months and cleared them immediately.
ravish tiwari: the congress won polls in 2004, 2009 and many assembly elections with evms. but now the party wants to go back to ballot papers.
in 2009, the bjp raised questions.
as law minister, i constituted a committee with technology experts from germany, britain and the us.
they gave a report that everything is okay.
but one should understand that these are computer systems and they can be hacked earlier, i had found that there was nothing.
but that doesnt mean that my opinion holds true even today.
almost all opposition parties have raised doubts about the evms.krishn kaushik: how important is the gandhi family to the congress?
the congress has worked even without the gandhi family.
and the family has always been reluctant to join (the party).
rajiv gandhi was reluctant, but ultimately, the rank and file of the party wanted him.
sonia gandhi was reluctant.
even rahul gandhi was reluctant for a number of years.
he was asked to join the manmohan singh cabinet and he refused.
they are not greedy for power or position the gandhi parivaar is a part of the congress parivaar.
they are not above the congress.
p v vaidyanathan iyer: the congress is often accused of being a dynastic party.
why does the party still keep conferring upon the members of the gandhi family the leadership mantle?
that charge has been there since the time of (jawaharlal) nehru.
but to say that the charge will permanently stick to the congress is not correct at all.
whenever there has been another leader who is relevant, the party has not said no.
manmohan singh was prime minister twice.
sonia gandhi could have become pm if dynasty rule had to be perpetrated.
ravish tiwari: while the bjp has already appointed a working president, there is no clarity in the congresss strategy.
advertisingwhy should amit shah continue as president of the bjp?
he has a lot of work as home minister he is holding all the internal committees and departments.
he will have no time to work in the party, but still he would like to have a hold on the party.
that is why he has put his own man as working president.
the concentration of power in the present nda regime is with two people  the pm and amit shah.
the other point is the principal secretary to the pm gets a cabinet rank, the additional principal secretary gets a cabinet rank this is like building ones own empire.
in this process, minimum government, maximum governance is the biggest casualty.
bjp president amit shah.
(bjp twitter) bjp president amit shah.
(bjp twitter)ridiculing the congresss save constitution campaign, bjp president amit shah hit out at the main opposition party for launching an impeachment bid against the chief justice of india, describing it as part of a larger trend to demonise and weaken every institution that seeks to maintain its individual identity and not kowtow to the dynasty.
within an hour of rajya sabha chairman m venkaiah naidu rejecting the impeachment bid, shah took to facebook and alleged that the congress had taken the only path it knows very well  of spreading hate and divisions in our society.
shahs remarks were echoed by other party leaders including law minister ravishankarprasad prasad and spokespersons meenakshi lekhi and sambit patra.
the shiv sena and the jd(u), too, criticised the opposition for its impeachment bid.
in his post, shah took on congress chief rahul gandhi who had attacked prime minister narendra modi during a public address earlier.
it is becoming increasingly clear that their modi hatred is fast turning into india hatred.
blinded by disdain for the prime minister, they are using the choicest of words and phrases to show india in bad light, he wrote.
in an apparent reference to last weeks supreme court judgment rejecting pleas seeking a probe into the death of cbi judge b h loya, shah said everyone knows the reasons behind the impeachment move.
loya was hearing the the sohrabuddin shaikh fake encounter case in which shah had been discharged.
the judiciary, which is an institution that is trusted by 125 crore indians, has invited the wrath of congress and the nehru-gandhi dynasty in particular, wrote shah.
union law minister prasad accused the congress of trying to run the country through the corridors of court based upon false, half-baked and a sponsored litigation.
in fact, this (impeachment attempt) is directly proportionate to repeated reversals they have suffered from people of india.
under the patronage of the congress party even the unfortunate death of a judicial officer nearly four years ago was made into a petition tool for settling political scores inside and outside court, he said.
bjp spokesperson lekhi welcomed nadus decision and said the rajya sabha chairman had applied his mind and gave a detailed order.
senior government officials said the four senior supreme court judges, who had gone public against the functioning of the cji in an unprecedented press conference in january, should stay out of the issue.
if perceived personal interest is the reason being cited for cji not hearing the petition that congress members seek to file against the rajya sabha chairmans dismissal of their impeachment notice, the same logic should ideally apply to the other four most senior judges for the simple reason that there is reference to the issues raised by them in a press conference, said a senior official.
the view within the government is that the cji remains the master of the roster and should discharge his duty in assigning an appropriate bench if the congress appeals against naidus order.
however, they hoped the cji would not list it before his own bench.
terming the congress constitution campaign as ironical and comical, shah alleged that there is one political party that has trampled over the constitution in letter and spirit, time and again, it is the congress party.
he said the congress had attacked the army repeatedly, targetted the chief of army staff and dragged the armed forces into a political slugfest during the upa regime.
shah said the congress had also launched a tirade against the comptroller and auditor general (cag) when the country was witnessing a grand awakening against the corruption of its government, and has now trained its guns on the election commission by questioning the sanctity of the polling process after facing repeated defeats.
time changes, the context changes but the means as well as the ends remain the same  discredit any institution that comes in the way of furthering the rule of the dynasty, the bjp president alleged.
shah recalled the dismissal of several opposition-ruled state governments by different congress governments at the centre, including those headed by former prime ministers jawaharlal nehru, indira gandhi and rajiv gandhi.
at a time when the opposition is targeting the bjp over its alleged anti-dalit decisions and the increasing incidents of violence against dalits, the bjp chief accused rahul gandhi of humiliating dalit icon bhimrao ambedkar with his claim that the congress made the constitution.
it is well known how pandit nehru personally ensured the defeat of dr ambedkar in not one but two elections, shah said.
it is also no coincidence that in 1997, the year sonia gandhi took the primary membership of the congress, the third front government backed by it took away promotional benefits of sc/st employees, he said, adding that it was the subsequent a b vajpayee government that amended the constitution to ensure justice.
the shiv sena, meanwhile, made a strong pitch for maintaining the independence and dignity of the judiciary.
as it is, our party has not played any role in the impeachment issue.
however, we believe that the dignity of the judiciary must be respected and protected, said the senas parliamentary party leader sanjay raut.
jd (u) secretary-general kc tyagi criticised the congress for using the constituional provision for an impeachment for the character assassination of the cji.
the manner in which kapil sibal of the congress has publicly attacked the cji by giving the impeachment notice advance publicity is unprecedented, he said.
describing the congress decision to observe a constitution day as amusing, tyagi reminded people that the same party had trampled upon the constitution in 1977, jailed its political opponents and finished the fundamental rights of citizens.
it had no moral right to talk of protecting the constitution, he said.
b'prime minister manmohan singh apparently not ruling himself out for a third term in the top post today drew a sharp reaction from bjp which said he has shown his true colours and insisted the people are not ready to give this scam-tainted,corrupt government another chance.
obviously,manmohan singh,the reluctant politician,has shown his true colours a few days after holi and has indicated that he is audaciously ambitious, bjp spokesperson ravishankarprasad prasad said.
singh,in his interaction with the media on his return home from the brics summit in durban yesterday,appeared not to rule out another term for himself as prime minister.
bjp maintained that the functioning of singh as prime minister in the last nine years is certainly a matter of public concern and pointed out that several scams and monumental corruption have taken place with alarming regularity during his rule.
the lacklustre,non-performing leadership of manmohan singh,involved in so many massive scams,some of which lead directly to his door steps,is not what the people of the country want or deserve and that too for a third term.
india certainly deserves better and indians are waiting for the opportunity to make it happen, prasad said.
the main opposition also took potshots at singh and the congress party on the issue of prime ministership.
whether the comment of manmohan singh is more aimed at his foes in congress or to put a question mark on rahul gandhis claim for the post of prime minister,for which a consistent chorus is going on within congress,is entirely the internal matter of congress, prasad said.
gandhi had recently maintained that asking him about prime ministership is putting a wrong question to him.
b'finance minister arun jaitley (file photo) finance minister arun jaitley (file photo)finance minister arun jaitley, whose rajya sabha term from gujarat is coming to an end, will contest elections to the upper house from uttar pradesh.
while law minister ravishankarprasad prasad will be contesting from bihar, petroleum minister dharmendra pradhan will do so from madhya pradesh, the bjps central election committee announced on wednesday.
hrd minister prakash javadekar will contest from maharashtra.
while pradhan is currently a member from bihar, javadekar is from madhya pradesh.
the party on wednesday announced the names of eight union ministers and one general secretary for the upcoming rajya sabha polls in various states.
all others  apart from jaitley, pradhan and javadekar  will contest from the states they have been elected from.
social justice minister thawarchand gehlot will contest from madhya pradesh and j p nadda from himachal pradesh, the party said in a statement.
the other two union ministers, parshottam rupala and manusukh mandaviya, will contest from gujarat.
bhupender yadav, the partys general secretary, will again contest from rajasthan.
the bjp is expected to increase its strength as 58 seats are going for elections on march 23.
bjps impressive performance in the past two years would have a favourable impact on the party.
the current strength of the bjp in the 239-member house is 58 and the nda has 82.
the number of seats falling vacant are  uttar pradesh(10), maharashtra and bihar (6 each), west bengal and madhya pradesh (5 each), karnataka and gujarat (4 each), andhra pradesh, telangana, odisha and rajasthan (3 each), jharkhand( 2) and chhattisgarh, haryana, himachal and uttarakhand (1 each).
meanwhile, samajwadi party has decided to re-nominate jaya bachchan for rajya sabha from uttar pradesh.
